The World Cruise Ship
How much do you love cruising? Would you travel on a cruise for more than half the year? Or how about travel on a cruise permanently? If you're interested in traveling while you're still at home, try an apartment on the World Cruise Ship. That's right, there is a cruise ship where you can travel by ocean forever and own your own cabin!
The first time I heard about the World Cruise Ship I was shocked that people actually wanted to have a permanent residence on a cruise ship in the first place. But I have to admit, I was also a little intrigued. And the more I thought about it the more I became curious about how the World Cruise Ship works. How does someone search out a permanent residence on a cruise ship? And do people stay the cruise full-time or do they fly back home to other residences? And where does the ship go to and how is it decided?
Well the answers are actually interesting and the more I read about the World Cruise Ship the more I really wanted to buy an apartment on it.
The World Cruise Ship basics
For basic background the World Cruise Ship or “MS The World,” was first thought of in 2000 by Knut U. Kloster, whose family had a history with cruise ships. It was built in Sweden but completed in Norway and residents bought their apartments in 2003. Each apartment was designed according to how the customer wanted it and some residents actually live on the ship full-time while others only part-time. All and all, there are 165 resident apartments ranging from studios to multiple rooms!
Features of the ship you might ask?
Well it's not a typical cruise ship in terms of grand size. These days ships are built to tower but the World Cruise Ship only is 644 feet long and has 12 decks while the average cruise ship is around 900 – 1100 feet long and has 15 -16 decks. However because this is a residence it does have some unique features that most other cruise ships don't have.
For one, it has the only full-sized tennis court at sea, which I would love! It also has a grocery store, deli store, a large living room, golf simulators, jogging tracks, gym, spas and other luxury amenities. Also unique is the fact that each room comes equipped with internet, which would make sense if you're traveling for eternity at sea. To pass the time, many of the residents go to classes such as language learning, cooking, computers, dance, etc. A pretty nice way to pass time at what can be a long time before you get to the next port.
Where does the World Cruise Ship go?
Actually everywhere! According to the World Cruise Ship website they usually go to more than 150 ports every year! That is a lot to see. The ship sails to all continents and hits some really interesting ports of call. Maldives, Antarctica, Zanzibar, Monaco, New Guinea, Australia, Patagonia, French Polynesia, etc. Very few places are not accessible thanks to the ship being small and it can easily navigate to places that larger cruise ship couldn't go. There is a short video on the World Cruise Ship website that is worth watching to get a better visual. Looks pretty awesome.
This video is a short compilation of all the recent expeditions, or mini guides, that the World Cruise Ship has done, and takes actual footage of the people who went on them. Some of the highlights looked like reaching the 80th parallel, sailing to Vanuatu, Antarctica, French Polynesia, Greenland, Seychelles & Madagascar, and the Northwest Passage which the World Cruise Ship became the largest ship to transit this route.
I looked into how the cruise ship decides where to go and apparently the residents “through their elected board of directors and a network of committees, offer guidance to the management about the ship's itinerary, finances and lifestyle.” Meaning that the residents get to decide where the cruise goes and the ports that people want to see. Even how long the cruise will stay at a port, which about 3 days. That definitely distinct compared to the ordinary cruise ships where the itinerary is already made for you.
How much does it cost to even be on the ship?
Well it's hard to find reliable information but I'm going to go off some pages I found while searching. If you want to rent an apartment (and yes renting is allowed) it's going to cost you $1300 to $2300 a night.
Yikes! I won't be on this cruise ship for the near future. But it seems that if you want to buy an apartment on the World Cruise Ship it's going to cost somewhere around 2 million just for starters. And then on top of that there are fees to keep up the apartment which are in the thousands. If you want to rent for a month it will cost you somewhere around $20,000 dollars and buying anywhere from 600 thousand to 13.5 million dollars. So for the everyday person this ship is not even rent-able. But we can all dream right?
Some closing realities about the World Cruise Ship
It is actually one of the greenest ships sailing today, all thanks to the design efforts of the ship builder.
Has 5 restaurants and a cocktail lounge.
There is a movie theater.
The average age is 55 (damn) and is aimed for people who want to escape traditional life while looking for peace and serenity while traveling the world of course.
Residents get to explore some amazing parts of the world that would be inaccessible to most.
Explore a part of the world and then come back to wine, spas and relaxation.
I will need to find some serious money to get an apartment.
[toggle title=”To learn more about the World Cruise Ship” state=”close” ] http://aboardtheworld.com/
http://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20121005090108AAq0kfQ
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MS_The_World[/toggle]
images by: Vicki & Chuck, Jonathan
THE NEW GOVERNMENT has pledged to press ahead with plans for supervised drug injection centres. The Fine Gael-led minority administration will also support a health-led rather than criminal justice approach to drugs, it was confirmed today in the new Programme for Government.
There were concerns among campaigners that plans for the injection rooms, which were championed by former drugs minister Aodhán Ó Ríordáin, could be set aside by the new government.
And speaking to TheJournal.ie after losing their seat in the general election, the former Labour TD said they had “no idea” what would happen to the plan they had set in train.
The Fine Gael-Labour cabinet last year approved amendments to the Misuse of Drugs Bill which allow for the establishment of supervised injection centres, but the legislation has not yet been introduced in the Dáil or Seanad.
Ó Ríordáin had warned that any new health minister could take the provision out of the bill if there was “political pressure” or the issue proved to be “too thorny”.
However today's programme for government document confirmed the issue was still being pursued. It included the following points, in the area of drug policy:
Completing work and commencing implementation of a new National Drugs Strategy within 12 months
We will support a health-led rather than criminal justice approach to drugs use including legislating for injection rooms
‘Serious and complex problem'
Tony Duffin of the Ana Liffey Drug Project, who has been leading the campaign for injection centres, welcomed the development this evening – and said there was also strong evidence to support a health-led approach to drugs.
“Needless to say, Ireland has a very serious and complex drugs problem,” Duffin said.
We need to accept that we can't solve the problem of drugs in society – rather we can better manage the situation to reduce the problem and improve the situation for all.
Duffin also called for “brave ministerial leadership to continue on the path of progressive drug policy,” adding:
To do that, Ireland needs a Minister of State who is solely focused on the drugs issue.
Looking to Portugal
Both Ó Ríordáin and a cross-party Oireachtas committee have citing the ‘Portuguese Model' as a possible way forward.
In a report published late last year, the committee ‘strongly recommended' that the possession of small amounts of drugs be decriminalised, and that possession be dealt with by way of a civil response rather than under the criminal justice system.
Source: TheJournal.ie
While it is still an offence in Portugal to possess illegal drugs, it is now treated as a civil or administrative matter in cases where a person is found with a quantity of up to 10 days' supply for personal use.
Drug overdose deaths in Portugal are the second-lowest in the European Union. Among Portuguese adults, there are three drugs overdose deaths for every one million citizens.
The EU average is 17.3 per million.
It's expected the first planned injection centre will be in the centre of Dublin.
Call from above! Representatives for Pope Francis have extended invitations to the Vatican for a few famous faces.
According to The Hollywood Reporter, the Argentinian Pope, 78, is planning a meeting this fall at the holy site in Rome, Italy, where they hope to discuss "how the church is perceived by Western media influencers." THR reports that said influencers include Oprah Winfrey and Matt Damon.
PHOTOS: Oprah Winfrey Through the Years
The media mogul, 61, and the Oscar winner, 44, have reportedly been tapped for the shortlist to meet Their Holiness. If the meeting goes through, Winfrey and Damon may be a part of a brainstorm to weigh in on ways the Catholic Church can improve its image.
Pope Francis will be arriving stateside this September for the 2015 World Meeting of Families. They plan to make a stop in Washington, D.C., on Sept. 24, where they will address a Joint Session of United States Congress and meet with President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama.
PHOTOS: Oprah's Star-Packed Farewell!
They will then continue on to New York City for a planned address at the United Nations General Assembly. Finally, the Pope will arrive in Philadelphia on Sept. 26 for the Festival of Families.
Neither Winfrey nor Damon has commented on the news of their holy opportunity. Both stars are largely quiet about their religious views, but Winfrey has said in the past that they identify as a Christian.
PHOTOS: The Oprah Winfrey Show's Most Memorable Moments
Can't get enough of Us? Sign up now for the US Weekly newsletter packed with the latest celeb news, hot pics, and more!
A bill to blacklist supporters of the Palestinian boycott, divestment and sanctions movement was handily defeated in the parliament of Ontario on Thursday.
Lawmakers in Canada's most populous province rejected it by 39 votes to 18 after a debate in which the bill's supporters falsely accused the BDS movement of encouraging 1930s-style boycotts of Jewish-owned businesses in Europe and tried to tie Palestine solidarity activism to attacks by suspected Islamist militants in France.
Civil liberties defenders are celebrating the result as a victory for free speech.
Ontario's centrist Liberal Party government and the center-left New Democratic Party (NDP) joined forces against the legislation.
The bill was sponsored by Progressive Conservative Tim Hudak and Liberal Michael Colle.
Hudak told parliament they hoped the bill – the first of its kind in Canada – would be emulated by other provinces and the federal government.
They cited similar measures designed to silence criticism of Israel in a number of US states, France and the UK as precedents Ontario should follow.
Hudak singled out a particularly draconian proposal in New York State to draw up an official blacklist of BDS supporters as a model for their legislation.
So sad to see so many Liberal MPPs vote against #bill202 They don't seem to understand the insidious and growing threat of the #BDS movement — Tim Hudak (@timhudak) May 19, 2016
#Bill202 does not infringe on free speechBut if biz refuses to do business w Israel orJewish owned biz, the govt shouldn't do business w you — Tim Hudak (@timhudak) May 19, 2016
Hudak and a handful of supporters often used emotive rhetoric and references to the Holocaust in an effort to sway lawmakers. Completely absent was any discussion of Palestinian human rights.
Peggy Sattler, the NDP's spokesperson on higher education, said “racism and anti-Semitism must be actively opposed and condemned in the strongest possible terms,” but described the bill as an attack on freedom of speech and academic freedom.
“Ontario New Democrats do not believe that it is the role of the state to prescribe what topics are acceptable for public discourse and what topics are not,” Sattler added. “It is not the role of government to prohibit citizens from expressing their opinions and debating ideas.”
"It is the role for MPPs to stand up for individual rights," says @PeggySattlerNDP on #bill202 — PSN Edmonton (@psnedmonton) May 19, 2016
They said that if the bill passed it would likely have faced an immediate constitutional challenge and be found in violation of Canada's Charter of Rights and Freedoms.
Blacklist
Hudak's bill would effectively have created a blacklist of persons and organizations who would be barred from contracts with the provincial government.
“If a public body discovers that a person or entity with which it has entered into a contract supports or participates in the BDS movement, the contract shall immediately terminate,” the bill stated.
It would also have barred public bodies, including universities and pension funds, from investing “in an entity that supports or participates in the BDS movement.”
The bill also stated that “No college or university shall support or participate in the BDS movement.”
The NDP's Sattler called the effort to push it through parliament in a matter of days – it was only introduced on Tuesday – “astonishing and disrespectful” given the controversial issues it dealt with and the wide scope of the restrictions it sought to impose.
Michael Coteau, Ontario's minister for tourism and sports, told parliament that the province's Liberal government was also opposing the bill.
Coteau, however, reaffirmed the government's strong support for Israel, emphasizing that while the debate was taking place, Premier Kathleen Wynne was in Israel leading a business delegation to strengthen ties with Ontario.
On Thursday, Wynne met with Palestinian Authority leader Mahmoud Abbas in the Israeli-occupied West Bank city of Ramallah.
Met with Palestinian Authority President Abbas to discuss growing collaboration between Ontario & the West Bank. pic.twitter.com/qOKMvvEHku — Kathleen Wynne (@Kathleen_Wynne) May 19, 2016
The attempt to rush the bill gave Palestine solidarity activists little time to react and organize. On Thursday, Canadians for Justice and Peace in the Middle East denounced the bill as an “affront to free speech.”
The Ontario Civil Liberties Association wrote to lawmakers on Thursday morning urging them to oppose the bill.
The civil liberties group called its defeat a “victory for free speech.”
Test
Hudak's proposal was a private member's bill; individual legislative initiatives of this kind, especially from a member of an opposition party, generally stand a slim chance of passage.
However, the bill's supporters may have been hoping for a repeat of what happened in Canada's federal parliament in February when the Liberal government of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau backed an opposition motion condemning BDS.
Whereas that was a non-binding motion, Hudak's bill would have given the Ontario government a direct and intrusive role in policing and punishing political speech.
“There is simply no question that this bill would have a disastrous effect on the democratic rights of people in Ontario,” the British Columbia Civil Liberties Association had warned.
The Israeli government has supported such legislation in several jurisdictions.
Experience from the United States and elsewhere suggests that Israel lobby groups are likely to try again.
Canadians who support free speech and advocate for Palestinian liberation will have to be vigilant for the next assault on their rights.
My blogging philosophy, like most of my interactions in “real life,” is to not say anything about some one that I wouldn't say to their face. Occasionally it's necessary or prudent to say something to someone else, but even then I try to speak about my experience or my feelings about the person or situation. That is why I rarely weigh in on internet drama. Besides, by the time I get to it, the drama has usually died down.
In my mind, blogging is supposed to be personal, informative, or part of a discussion. Many people use it as a platform for ego-driven pontificating or power plays. This is particularly damaging in spiritual circles. Sometimes it's important to write publicly about issues or people in a stronger tone, particularly if we're doing so in a community setting, particularly if we need to discuss uncomfortable issues.
This doesn't mean never read anything or anyone you disagree with. In fact, it's a good thing to read stuff that is different and challenging. This is how our mental blades are sharpened, by being honed against to whet stone. I spent many, many years reading authors whose ideas were incredibly different from mine. It helped me find truth where I saw it. It helped me learn to argue. It helped me find my own beliefs. And then, yes, part of the way through my PhD program I decided I was tired of always reading the words of anti-feminist, monotheist men.
If someone is nasty on-line it doesn't always mean they'll be nasty in person. But why would you read stuff that is nasty, mean-spirited, or makes you doubt yourself, your practice, or your beliefs? STOP READING PEOPLE THAT DISRESPECT YOUR WORK.
If John Halstead and Mark Green make you want to throw your laptop across the room, stop following them. Stop reading them. They are not so important that you need to see what they're up to. Really. There are several people whose ideas I respect, who may even be kind to me in person, but I don't like the way they treat others online (and sometimes in person), so I don't read or follow them. I don't hang out with mean people in “real life,” why would I do so online?
For what it's worth, I am personally fond of John Halstead. I've spent more time than I care to admit defending them “behind the scenes.” But I don't read a lot of what they write. Their tone is often dismissive – and I've told them as such. I also tell them when I think he's nailed their tone in a positive way – and when they do, I think their work is amazing, even if I don't always agree!
I never read Mark Green. I think he's mean, wants to be right, and doesn't care about individual experience. I've never told that to their face, and I base this soley on what I've read of their writing in the past. I no longer read Christian writing that assumes my beliefs are demon-driven hallucinations; why would I read a Pagan writer who thinks I'm delusional?
Perhaps I'll feel differently when some day someone writes about me personally. So far, no one has. (This is not an opportunity to do so! I have many flaws, but I'd rather talk about them one on one, before going public.)
There is a way to disagree with people and their work without being mean or nasty. I encourage writers to find that voice. I encourage everyone in the Pagan and Polytheist world to stop reading mean people. We all have our Good Work to do in the world. Let's focus on that.
A modular smartphone is assembled from discrete parts, the so-called “modules”. The underpinning idea is to upgrade or replace the phone's parts individually according to user's needs and preferences. Such parts might include a camera, processor, internal storage, battery, screen and all kinds of sensors. This may save a lot of money to consumers, because modular phone users won't need to buy a new device to keep up with the trend.
A modular phone concept started to gain popularity after a Dutch designer Dave Hakkens announced Phonebloks concept in September 2013. The name Phonebloks was adopted as a reference to Lego-like blocks that users could easily construct and change.
What is Project Ara?
About the same time or a little earlier when Phonebloks was announced by Dave Hakkens, the concept of modular phone picked up steam and was developed by Motorola's Advanced Technology and Projects (ATAP) group owned by Google and managed by Regina Dugan, the former director of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) (recently Regina left Google to join Facebook). In the second half of 2014 Google sold Motorola to Lenovo, but retained the ATAP group as well as all its patents. Nowadays, mostly everything related to modular phones is associated with the project dubbed Ara, developed by Google.
By now Ara is no longer an experimental part of ATAP, it has just become an independent division within Google. This points to real business potential and serious plans about this project. According to Wired, about 30 people at Google are already using Ara as their daily smartphone.
Why “Ara”?
The previous version of the official website said: “As it turns out, our lead mechanical designer is named Ara. And we like him. And we also like their name. So we named the phone Ara. We hope you like it too.”
How does Ara phone look like? How does it work?
Initially Ara phone was supposed to consist of an aluminum frame with the slots for modules, attached to the endo via electropermanent magnets. Modules, like display, receiver, microphone were supposed to be attached to the front of the endo. Other functional modules, like camera, processor, battery, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, NFC, etc. – to the rear side of the endo.
But now, after Google's I/O 2016, the company announced that the screen, antennas, CPU, and battery are to be locked into the base frame. This change is based on several reasons. Integrating key components into the base frame of the phone leaves more room for other modules and saves a lot of design troubles. Also, according to the Ara team research, most people don't care, or don't even know which processor they have. Today, once the most smartphones have advanced specs, people don't require more speed or memory, but more hardware functions.
A shape-shifting nitinol memory alloy will be used instead of electropermanent magnets (as planned earlier) to handle the modules in the corresponding slots. When a current passes, the connectors contract, and the connection becomes robust. Also, it can be controlled electronically with the help of software (special application or by saying “Okay Google, eject the camera”). Nitinol memory alloy connectors take less space inside the module, allowing developers more to work with.
What is the size of Ara phone?
Initially the Ara phone was supposed to have three sizes: small – 45x118x9.7mm (about the size of classic Nokia 3310); medium – 68x141x9.7mm (about the size of Samsung Galaxy S5); big – 91x164x9.7mm (slightly bigger than iPhone 6 Plus).
Now we know that dimentions will differ, but Google hasn't finalized the exact specs, although it's known that the screen size is 5.3 inches.
What are sizes and functionalities of the Ara modules?
Ara modules are standardized, meaning the user can plug any module into any slot where it fits. The frame contains six slots, and the modules have shape of 1×2 rectangles or 2×2 squares.
In the promo video, released by Google recently, we see a variety of modules:
– e-ink display for notifications or glanceable information;
– camera modules with different lenses and/or sensors;
– speaker and microphone arrays;
– a kickstand;
– programmable touch-sensitive module;
– nonfunctional “style” modules;
– fingerprint reader.
For sure, in future we will see many more modules with different functinalities and various features.
Which operating system will be used in Ara phone? Will it be compatible with different OS?
According to ATAP, modular Ara phone will work on Android. For now Google has no plans to expand their phone compatibility to Windows, Symbian or any other OS.
Is it possible to take out or insert modules without turning off the Ara phone?
The Ara platform is designed to let hot-swapping of modules, without shutting the power. For example, it's possible to slide out a camera and replace it with a battery whenever you need.
When will Ara phone be released?
A year and a half ago at Ara developers conference, Google announced that the Ara phone market pilot would be released in Puerto Rico at the end of 2015. Special trucks, similar to food trucks, would deliver phones and modules to users in different localities and neighbourhoods within Puerto Rico.
Now we know that plans have changed. After more than a year of silence Google revealed new schedule. Developer kits will be shipped during the 4th quarter of 2016. The first consumer-ready modular phones will be available in 2017, probably in different countries.
How much will it cost?
The latest info about the price was received pretty long time ago, over a year. A lot has changed since then. At the time it was announced that the cheapest base version of the Ara phone was set at about $50-$100. Individual modules would vary in price from $10 to $300 or even higher, depending on module functionality.
Now, with processor, RAM and memory included into the base frame, we estimate that the frame might be priced at $150-$250, the modules will still have a very broad price range.
Which companies are already developing modules?
Among previously confirmed companies are Toshiba (camera, display, activity measurement and other modules), Vestigen (health modules), Yezz (wide range of modules with different functionalities), InnoLux (display module), Phison in partnership with Kingston (data storage modules), Intersoft Eurasia (radiation sensor module), Sennheiser (audio modules).
Some of them might drop out along the way, but by now we could see even more heavyweights, such as Panasonic, TDK, Wistron, E-Ink, Toshiba, Harman, Samsung, Sony Pictures, and some health companies.
How will the modules be distributed?
Google aims to make Project Ara a hardware analog of Android. Google works to make mobile hardware ecosystem similar to the mobile applications ecosystem. For this purpose Google will develop Ara Marketplace. It is an e-commerce platform for connecting module developers and customers.
To protect against counterfeits, Google will have its own certification program for Ara modules, and Ara phones will reject ones that don't pass approval.
Neil Armstrong was, to all Americans, a source of national pride. Though they themselves sought to lead a mostly private life, their abilities and devotion to their job put them squarely into public view for a great many years. I think, though, that their actions transcended mere nationalistic pride, bringing just a little light to every person around the world who knew their name. Carl Sagan once noted that even an aboriginal tribe in what we would call the middle of nowhere, and with minimal contact to what we recognize as civilization, knew the names of Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin, and they knew those men had landed on the moon. They also wanted to know when we were going back.
In total only 12 American astronauts walked on the moon in the time from Apollo 11 to Apollo 17. When it became clear that the Russians couldn't keep up our pace, our space program eased off dramatically. Today human space flight is stuck in neutral, at least frontier-wise. We have stayed close to home, in Low Earth Orbit, since the end of the Apollo missions. Robots have supplanted human exploration in favor of cost savings and risk minimization. Neil Armstrong, though, was a man who focused on a picture much larger than himself, and I think they wished that others would do the same. They attributed the success of the Apollo 11 mission to “…hundreds of thousands of people all doing their job a little better than they have to…”. This was the kind of work ethic they were famous for, and they wanted no credit for it, but rather kept their head down and kept going in the name of doing better and not having gone far enough.
In remembering Neil Armstrong, we should start with the man, but not let it end there. To properly honor him, their memory, and their life's work, we need to remember that they aren't in this world for just himself; they were here for us as well. Not just fellow Americans, but humans. They wanted more for everyone, and didn't leave it to others to handle. They found inspiration in flight and followed that to a pilot license at age 15. Then they won the title of Eagle Scout. Then they went to Purdue on a Navy scholarship for engineering. Then they flew 78 combat missions in Korea. Then they became a test pilot. Then they became an engineering consultant on spacecraft, before there really were any. Then they became an astronaut. And then. And then. And then. They were a man who added to the fabric of the world more than most, and their work inspired others, and their work still others. They wouldn't like everyone everywhere remembering them on a pedestal, so I think we should consider remembering them as a man who stood on the shoulders of those who came before him, and then stood up just a little straighter when it came time to lift the next generation.
I think I'll go look at the moon.
More Neil Armstrong memorobilia, not all of it just about the man:
Menstrual cramps may soon be added to New Jersey's list of qualifying conditions for access to medical cannabis.
Assemblyman Tim Eustace (D) proposed legislation this Friday to add conditions specific to women to the state's medical marijuana program. “We will expand the the list to serve the population that needs it,” explained Eustace.
According to Debra Borchardt — who first broke the story for Forbes — the assemblyman was inspired by Whoopi & Maya, a recently-unveiled enterprise based in California that aims to ease the discomfort of women's menstrual cramps with cannabis-based products.
New Jersey's medical marijuana program is currently very restrictive, with only ten approved qualifying conditions and a conservative governor who has spoken out passionately and at length against marijuana reform of any kind.
Assembleyman Eustace is concerned that failing to adopt more progressive policies could be bad news for New Jersey. “We have a lot of people leaving the state for treatment and hopefully this will change that,” they said.
Pamela Johnston, Director for the cannabis consulting firm Electrum Partners, encourages New Jersey lawmakers to pass Eustace's legislation.
“It's a vote for productivity,” they said. “For all the women that miss work because of this pain.”
End
Police, Māori Wardens and some protesters gather along Brook St on October 18 as the final planned aerial poison drop is carried out at Brook Waimarama Sanctuary.
The Brook Valley Community Group has been ordered to pay more than $70,000 in costs over legal action it took in its battle to prevent aerial poison drops at Brook Waimarama Sanctuary, near Nelson.
In a High Court judgment, Justice Peter Churchman orders the community group to pay $26,411.14 to Brook Waimarama Sanctuary Trust, $23,789.98 to the Minister for the Environment and $21,460.05 to Nelson City Council.
READ MORE:
* Brook Sanctuary poison drop near Nelson runs 'smoothly' after arrests, sabotage
* Three arrests as Brook Sanctuary poison drop in Nelson turns nasty
* Brook Sanctuary poison drop cleared to go as appeal fails
* 'Sabotage' at Nelson bird sanctuary ahead of poison drop
* Nelson Brook Sanctuary wins High Court ruling on poison drop
Justice Churchman's order relates to two legal rulings that went against the group:
* A judicial review application involving a challenge to the validity of the Resource Management (Exemption) Regulations 2017. That application failed and has been appealed to the Court of Appeal. A hearing date is awaited.
* An application for a stay and interim relief, which was refused by the High Court. That decision was later upheld by the Court of Appeal, paving the way for the planned three-stage aerial operation to proceed.
The three drops of brodifacoum-laced bait were completed at the sanctuary between September 2 and October 18.
Justice Churchman applied a 10 per cent "public interest" discount for the portion of awarded costs related to the substantive proceeding for both the Minister for the Environment and Nelson City Council.
That was "in recognition of the fact that the plaintiff is an incorporated society and was pursuing the judicial review in order to ensure that public powers were exercised in a responsible and accountable manner".
However, no public interest discount was applied in regard to costs incurred by the sanctuary trust.
"The trust is a charitable body working to establish a sanctuary for New Zealand birds and restore, to as natural state as possible, a functioning ecosystem," Justice Churchman says.
"The trust has also proceeded in, and is also representative of, the public interest."
In their October 31 judgment, Justice Churchman says lawyer Sue Grey, acting for the community group, opposed any order of costs until the Court of Appeal had heard and determined the appeal of the substantive judgment, which relates to the validity of the Resource Management (Exemption) Regulations 2017.
"Ms Grey cited no principle or authority that a costs award for a substantive proceeding should be postponed until the determination of its appeal, nor could I find any such principle," Justice Churchman says.
"Accordingly, I will proceed to set costs."
Grey said they were assessing options and seeking instruction from their client on the costs judgment.
In a post on the Brook Valley Community Group Inc Facebook page, Christopher St Johanser says a letter from the law firm acting on behalf of the trust gives a seven-day deadline for the group to pay the costs awarded or "they would apply to have us wound up". Crown Law "has communicated a similar threat".
"There is no reason to be concerned," St Johanser says in the post. "Please continue all the good work you are doing. It is not for yourselves, I know, but for the public good."
When we Brits do the apocalypse, we do it in style. We'll have none of this exploding petrol station nonsense, nor any of that revolver-touting, sunglasses-wearing, one-liner spouting poppycock. No, sir. We take our end times with no sugar and a stiff upper lip, thank you very much.
We are, of course, talking about the particular brand of apocalyptic sci-fi that was all the rage in the '70s and '80s – a time when the global political situation was perilous at best, and before Hollywood zombies fully zerg-rushed the genre. Into this arena strides The Chinese Room, the Brighton-based developer working on an ambitious open-world, narrative-driven mystery. “I was reading a lot of British apocalyptic sci-fi – John Wyndham, Christopher Priest, John Christopher – and it's such an amazing subgenre,” says Dan Pinchbeck, the game's creative director. “I really wanted to do something where we could explore a really English kind of apocalypse and do something very different to most post-apocalyptic games out there.”
In lieu of rampaging Triffids, here the end of the world will be a lot more cerebral. Set in the rural climes of Shropshire, Rapture allows you to approach the hauntingly abandoned, breeze-kissed environment in an exploratory fashion. We'll pick apart the mystery of what happened, both to the frankly gorgeous-looking world and to the five physically absent characters that the story revolves around, as we please. The likes of Gone Home and Dear Esther have these evidence-based revelation systems down pat, yet neither has the meat of a grander story to go with it. Rapture appears to want to scratch that itch.
“We wanted to see if we could take the minimalist, emotional, story-driven game into an open-world space, where there was a much greater degree of player freedom in terms of how the story is discovered, how the space is explored,” says Pinchbeck. “And then narratively I'm a huge fan of titles like Stalker and Metro and wanted to marry that kind of desolate atmosphere with something really character driven.”
As you navigate the world of Rapture glowing orbs of light, representing each of the characters whose stories you uncover, float ethereally about. These gently guide the player in particular directions towards facets of the world which, when interacted with, might reveal elements of that particular character's narrative. But why England? What is it that makes Shropshire such an alluring setting?
“There's something about the remoteness,” explains Pinchbeck, “the parochialism of rural England in the early '80s [Rapture is set in June 1984]. It's pre-internet, at the very beginning of mobile phones. You could be genuinely cut off from the world. And it's a time and place where these big global events were hovering threateningly on the horizon. We were terrified of nuclear war, an AIDS pandemic, miners' strikes, the Falklands conflict – it felt pretty apocalyptic. So it's a natural fit for the game.”
“Plus, the remote location gives us a very tight, small community, so we can focus on the relationships between the people of Yaughton Valley and make it very personal.” It sounds almost like the setting of an Agatha Christie novel, where a group is brought together and trapped in an environment until the main character can unravel the truth of exactly what happened.
Key to everything, claims Pinchbeck, will be pacing. “I believe emotions work at different speeds, and something like sadness needs time and space to unfold. That runs counter to the design ethos of hammering the player for a response or making everything a button press.”
We can see where he's coming from. Compare the act of choosing your last words to a dying friend in Telltale's The Walking Dead to Call Of Duty: Advanced Warfare's infamous ‘Hold X to pay respects' interaction, “which is just crass on every level” says Pinchbeck. “[It's] about understanding that a game, and the emotional experience of playing a game isn't just about grabbing physical responses off a player, but it's also about the stuff that happens inside their head and heart that's inspired by the game but not reducible to button pressing. If you want a properly emotionally complex and dense experience, you need to back off as a designer and let the player just hang sometimes.”
With creative hands so keenly aware of how storytelling is evolving in games, and a world that feels so ripe for exploration, it's looking like 1980s Shropshire could emerge as a surprising prime hangout come 2015.
Taglines: Some people build fences to keep people out - and other people build fences to keep people in.
Troy Maxson makes their living as a sanitation worker in the 1950s Pittsburgh. Maxson once dreamed of becoming a professional baseball player, but was deemed too old when the major leagues began admitting black athletes. Bitter over their missed opportunity, Troy creates further tension in their family when they squash their son's chance to meet a college football recruiter. Written by Jwelch5742
Did You Know?
Trivia When Paramount Studios originally acquired the film rights to the play in 1987 with the involvement of When Paramount Studios originally acquired the film rights to the play in 1987 with the involvement of Eddie Murphy , it was largely due to Murphy wanting to take on a more "serious" film role: that of 17-year-old Cory. However, in 1987, Murphy was already a full decade older than the character of Cory, and the many filming delays meant that Murphy quickly aged out of eligibility for the role. See more
Goofs A store sign had a phone number shown as 412-nnn-nnnn. In 1956 phone numbers would not have been all-numeric (instead, they would have been something like EXbrook 7-1234), nor would they have had area codes as Direct Distance Dialing was not yet commonly used and most local calls would have been dialed with only the 7-character phone number - hence no need to show an area code. A store sign had a phone number shown as 412-nnn-nnnn. In 1956 phone numbers would not have been all-numeric (instead, they would have been something like EXbrook 7-1234), nor would they have had area codes as Direct Distance Dialing was not yet commonly used and most local calls would have been dialed with only the 7-character phone number - hence no need to show an area code. See more
Quotes [ first lines ]
: [ riding their garbage truck job ] Troy, you oughta stop that lyin'.
: I ain't lyin'. The nigger had a watermelon this big. Talkin' about "What watermelon, Mr. Rand?" I liked to fell out... "What watermelon, Mr. Rand?" And it's sittin' there bigger than life.
: What Mr. Rand said?
: They said nuthin'. They figured the nigger too dumb to know they're carryin' a watermelon, they wouldn't get no sense out of 'im. Trying to hide that great big watermelon under their coat. Afraid to let the white man see him...
See more » Bono : [] Troy, you oughta stop that lyin'. Troy : I ain't lyin'. The nigger had a watermelon this big. Talkin' about "What watermelon, Mr. Rand?" I liked to fell out... "What watermelon, Mr. Rand?" And it's sittin' there bigger than life. Bono : What Mr. Rand said? Troy : They said nuthin'. They figured the nigger too dumb to know they're carryin' a watermelon, they wouldn't get no sense out of 'im. Trying to hide that great big watermelon under their coat. Afraid to let the white man see him...
We will select international applicants for a 3-week expense paid home-stay experience. During the stay, you will learn about Chinese traditional culture, witness the beauty of historical architecture and experience life with a Chinese family. You will have the chance to communicate with your contemporaries from all over the world. You can put your specialties into practice. For example you might contribute to maintaining a village's local character and protecting its historical buildings. You can share your stories about Jinhua with the world, in photos or writing, so that others can know more about Jinhua. By spreading the story, the historical villages can preserve their culture and develop sustainable tourism, thus the ancient architecture and historical villages can be well protected.
During the 3 weeks, we will organise a series of activities, for example cultural lectures, folklore experiences and visiting local enterprises. We plan to recruit 40 overseas participants for each session.
So far we have attracted 295 overseas participants from 40 countries. They made village maps, studied ancient architecture, learnt local folk culture and interviewed villagers to discover ancient stories. They contributed to the protection and development of the ancient villages.
Neo-nazi news site Daily Stormer will need to find another host after Namecheap announced on Sunday that it will not host the site. The hate site was registered with the company on Friday after being kicked off of GoDaddy, Google Domains, and a Russian registrar earlier this week before being shut down by each.
On Friday, the company's Twitter account began replying to users about the registration, saying its legal and abuse department was “already looking into it.”
Hi, thanks a lot for reporting this case. Our Legal&Abuse department is already looking into it. — Namecheap.com (@Namecheap) August 18, 2017
In a blog post, Namecheap CEO Richard Kirkendall said that they examined the content of the website, and found that “paired with the support for violent groups and causes [it] passes from protected free speech into incitement.”
The site was criticized for accepting the registration, with some users saying that they were moving their websites to a new host. Kirkendall has been addressing replies on Twitter, where they said that they and their company “don't make rash decisions around freedom of speech.”
For the moment, while the Daily Stormer can be accessed through the anonymous Tor network, it is offline for most internet users.
Anything you can give, whether it is 1p, £1 or £10, is WORTH IT. Everything adds up and even the smallest amount means just as much as the largest amount. Your money goes DIRECTLY to the Alzheimers Society by donating through JustGiving.
Hi, I'm Shannon.
In June, one of the loveliest, kindest people, I have ever met, passed away. They were called Mary and they had severe advanced Dementia.
I was Mary's carer for 6 months and, even though they couldn't form memories of me, they are a lady who I will never forget. They spent their last days making everyone smile around them They came out with some great one-liners and would not stop expressing how thankful and grateful they were to have everyone who came to see them
I was told, Mary would have said 'Why are you walking for me? Surely there's someone better you could raise money in memory of?'
THAT is the exact reason why I am doing this.
Around 225,000 people develop dementia every year – that's the equivalent to one person every three minutes. This September and October Memory Walks will be taking place across England, Wales and Northern Ireland to raise money for a world without dementia. Arm in arm, step by step and pound by pound, we will get there. Once you donate, Just Giving will send your money directly to the Alzheimer's Society. So it's the most efficient way to raise money – saving time and cutting costs for the charity. Please dig deep and help us walk for a world without dementia.
Struck down by lightning, but not defeated, the Wellington Zephyrometer has risen again.
The sculpture, which was blown up by a bolt of lightning on August 14, 2014, was resurrected on Wednesday as technicians battled strong winds for more than three hours.
Council staff were at Evans Bay from early in the morning reinstalling the 26-metre wind wand that was all but destroyed by the lightning storm.
After fighting gusts that made it hard to keep steady, they had the needle fully erected by 1pm.
"I think everyone's very pleased to see it back. It's already a well-loved landmark that got dealt to spectacularly by nature last year," Wellington City Council spokesperson Richard MacLean said.
The sculpture, designed by Phil Price, cost about $150,000 when it was first installed at Evans Bay in 2003. It was largely paid for by Meridian Energy.
After it was "completely stuffed" by the lightning strike, it was taken to Christchurch to be repaired by its maker, MacLean said.
Price hoped it would now be more resistant to lightning, if slightly less strong.
"It was always timber with a carbon fibre sitting over the top, and now it's timber with fibreglass sitting over the top ... glass fibre is a less strong fibre, but it's not a conductor," they laughed.
"I think in the next week it's going to get a workout from every direction."
READ MORE:
* Lightning strikes wind wand (video)
* Wind wand heads off for repair
* Wind wand's future up in the air
The repairs had not been fully costed yet, but MacLean estimated the total price tag would be between $100,000 and $200,000, including transport fees for trucking the needle to and from Christchurch and consulting on how to protect it in future.
The cost would "mostly" be paid out of insurance, they said.
The council had earthed the sculpture after advice from electrical engineers to insulate the Zephyrometer from future lightning strikes.
"If you earth a structure it means the lightning has a better chance of going through the sculpture to the ground and not causing damage, so we've done as much as we possibly can to deal with another strike."
Whether the council would save the sculpture if it were struck again was another question.
"That is a question for the artist and the bean counters, but I think everyone is gambling on the adage that lightning doesn't strike twice in the same place."
A recent forum thread titled 'You know you're a climber when...' prompted numerous responses, many of which will be all too accurate for a lot of climbers, yet they will proudly acknowledge their uncouth habits with a knowing smile. From climbing in places and on things we shouldn't be, to incessantly talking about grades, the weather and generally alienating ourselves further from the rest of society, it seems that you know you're a climber when climbing takes over your everyday life...
​ Wow Lycra pants! © Christheclimber, Sep 1988
With thanks to the UKC users who contributed to the thread and provided the content for this article.
You know you're a climber when...
Your best friend is hanging up next to your harness.
You nearly crash the car because you are looking at a grotty little crag instead of the road.
Reaching for a far away mug on the table puts you in mind of reaching for a hold.
Jonathan Ross' old chat show desk had you thinking about friend placements.
You drop-knee to put something in the fridge.
You still wear lycra regularly (or know people who do).
Your ideal girlfriend has a set of nuts.
​
Tom shows off their nuts © Wild Country Collection
Other people's property becomes 'swag.'
You're climbing with a stranger and you call down to them, is it ok if I put your nuts in my mouth?
He's proposing and you say..."Get off your knees!"
You can't get clothes to fit comfortably over your forearms.
You get stuck in clothes in changing rooms because you forget before trying it on that in order to remove the top you will use your back muscles, so your back will expand and you get stuck.
You can see a viable line up the outside of your house, the local monument, any other structure that you pass.
You look forward to a "bad" winter.
You've done something on grit.
You visit a factory and they ask your shoe size for safety boots and you reply, "9, but I can fit a 7 for 10 minutes."
You get seen regularly standing on one leg with the other leg, both arms and probably your head in a really odd position trying to demo the 'vital move' to a mate.​ © Obi Wan, Mar 2007 Synchronised Visualisation
You let your 2 year old son attempt to cross one of those playground suspended wire/rope bridges 5' off the ground with gaps bigger than them and you just stand there spotting them and telling them to flag out their leg.
You reach behind you whenever you notice your hands are a little sweaty.
You wonder why other 'sports people' don't go to the pub after they've done their exercise.
You read guide books on the toilet.
You are not capable of having a conversation unless it is about routes and grades.
You carry your shopping bags using only 1 finger.
You practice edging on all stairs you climb.
You close doors by crimping random parts of them and making it unbelievably difficult for yourself.
You walk across the office pinch gripping 2 reams of paper per hand when topping up the supplies at the photocopier.
You clear your desk at work to show your mate the desk traverse.
​
The weird knots of muscle on the outside of your elbow aren't weird anymore, they're just what arms look like.
You walk past stone walls and feel the rock texture.
You shake hands with someone and they remark on the rough, leather-like texture of your palms.
You use a toe hook to help get up off the sofa.
You only see your non climbing friends when it's raining.
Playing angry birds means trying not to upset seagulls.
You have to explain to your colleagues why you have bloody knuckles. And then you have to explain what "hand jamming" is. And then you have to explain why anyone would do that.​
​
© Wild Country Collection Pete Whittaker throws in a fist jam at the end of Century Crack
You no longer seek validation as a climber.
You see a crack in a boulder when you're out walking - even with 'normal' people - and you can't resist putting your hand in it to see how good a jam it is. And if it's a good one, doing it several times.
You drop your keys at work and shout "ROCK!" as loud as you can.
You tie your partner to the bed using clove hitches.
You notice good gear placements in the cracks between paving stones and kerbs.
You cancel your indoor session in the morning because of a bad back and then you go bouldering in the evening because you just can't help it.
You sleep with straight arms because of tennis elbow.
You use a combination of a mantleshelf + bridging to get onto the kitchen worktop to reach the top shelf cupboards when normal people would use a chair.
You try to hand jam between the banister and the wall rather than just holding on like a normal person.
You cannot use your touch screen/iPhone because chalk has dried your finger tips out and the rock has worn them smooth.
​
Mr. Flapper © Enty, Mar 2011
You've looked at the possibility of/attempted moving around parts of your home without touching the floor, using door frames, skirting boards, dado rails and the wall shapes as hand and foot holds.
You leave minging public toilets by pulling on the handle with a mono.
You throw your shoes in the bag when going anywhere "Just in case."
You gaze at part of a building and when someone asks what you're looking at you respond with "I think that'll go."
You try to climb forbidden walls.
Instead of taking another step so you can reach something, you toe hook.
You nearly crash the car because you are too pumped to hold the steering wheel.
You can't remember the last time you went on a non-climbing holiday.
You think flip flops, a beanie hat and a down jacket/branded outdoor jacket is pub wear/looks cool.
Last-minute social events irritate you because you had a session planned on the 45 degree board.
Sleeping under a bridge when you're staying in Spain becomes a perfectly reasonable thing to do.
You avoid spending money to the point of madness.
You are always flagging to reach for stuff.
You do the V2 boulder problem to enter air conditioning units at work. Instead of using the ladder.
The 'what have you been up to?' conversations are just as boring as the next man's because all you ever respond with is 'climbing.'
Your pocket money is actually spent on petrol to go climbing rather than on random climbing gear.
The only things that you worry about when buying a new car (10+ years old of course) are:
1. Can I fit more than one bouldering mat in it?
2. Is it cheap to run?
​
a well packed car in france © Pinkney, Dec 2010
You drop the hire car off and leave as quickly as possible.
On a trip you very seriously consider finishing the half-done beers on the deserted table next to you.
You check the 5 day forecast about 17 times a day and your non-climbing neighbours and work colleagues always ask you what the weather is going to do.
The term 'Dirtbag' becomes a badge of honour.
Hyperboria Peers API
An API for finding nearby peers for the Hyperboria network.
You'll need to install cjdns to connect.
Usage
Query the http server (in your browser or via the command line with curl or wget ) using:
your two letter continent code eu, na
your country's top level domain code ca us fr uk
your region california newyork ontario
city london paris
some combination of all of these options.
Prefix your query with the API version (1) and the query type (currently, only location is supported).
Examples
# Find a peer in strasbourg, France, EU ansuz@box:~$ curl https://peers.fc00.io/1/location/eu/fr/strasbourg { "result": [ { "51.254.25.16:1132": { "contact": "me@magik6k.net", "password": "thah9aePha1Vusha6ovhpublic", "peerName": "Magik6k-sbg1", "publicKey": "kw0vfw3tmb6u6p21z5jmmymdlumwknlg3x8muk5mcw66tdpqlw30.k" } } ] }
# Find a peer in new york ansuz@box:~$ curl https://peers.fc00.io/1/location/newyork { "result": [ { "107.170.57.34:63472": { "contact": "code@ventricle.us", "gpg": "7FE895160E3314027CD3B5D37392CF088BB4345C", "location": "digitalocean nyc2", "login": "public-peer", "password": "ppm6j89mgvss7uvtntcd9scy6166mwb", "peerName": "Jacob Henner", "publicKey": "1xkf13m9r9h502yuffsq1cg13s5648bpxrtf2c3xcq1mlj893s90.k" }, "[2604:a880:0:1010::f:4001]:63472": { "contact": "code@ventricle.us", "gpg": "7FE895160E3314027CD3B5D37392CF088BB4345C", "location": "digitalocean nyc2", "login": "public-peer", "password": "ppm6j89mgvss7uvtntcd9scy6166mwb", "peerName": "Jacob Henner", "publicKey": "1xkf13m9r9h502yuffsq1cg13s5648bpxrtf2c3xcq1mlj893s90.k" } }, { "192.241.171.154:62718": { "contact": "hype@smash-net.org", "password": "public_access", "publicKey": "q5nhj9kg6ddmk571jb259mct2ljd10z9xvyf05y3hu66wk4qnk20.k", "user": "weuxel" } } ] }
Using the peers you find
Having already installed cjdns on your machine, and generated a configuration file, follow the instructions in the "Connect your node to your friend's node" section of the README.
This API may return peers which use IPv4, or IPv6 addresses. It's important that you add them to the correct section of your configuration file. You should find comments in the config file indicating which is which:
// Nodes to connect to (IPv4 only). "connectTo": {
IPv4 and IPv6 addresses can be easily distinguised.
An IPv4 is a series of four numbers separated by dots, like so: 123.456.78.90 .
An IPv6 is a series of hexadecimal digits (0-9 and a-f), contained within square brackets, and separated by colons, like so: [fe80::b606:f465:50ed:2bb]
Contributing
If you would like to add a peer, see Hyperboria's public peer repository.
If you would like the source to this API, it is available here.
If you find a bug, please report it on the github issue tracker.
Commercial drivers, including the famed BangBus, are facing decreased job security as self-driving vehicles become more and more integrated into the transportation infrastructure.
“The BangBus is an American institution and to replace that human element is to deface that legacy” stated BangBus driver George Pooney. “A robot can't banter about hot chicks, dames, babes, honeys, and broads like a human can. Woman don't want to be hollered at by some R2-D2-bot driver. They wanna be yelled at by this guy” Pooney stated without a single hint of irony.
The new self-driving BangBuses, posed to be released in early 2018, come with self-cleaning features, condom dispensers, and an A.I voice named Buddy that hurls subtly racist and misogynist compliments to the female performers. “We wanted to keep the experience authentic as possible” stated BangBus engineers.
United States President-elect, Donald Trump, has appointed economist Peter Navarro, an outspoken critic of China, as the head of a new national trade body.
Mr. Navarro will lead the new White House National Trade Council and serve as director of trade and industrial policy, the BBC reports.
The academic was an adviser to Mr. Trump during the election campaign.
Their books include The Coming China Wars and Death by China, in which they are deeply critical of Chinese policy.
During the election, the president-elect made trade issues a core campaign issue, criticising some deals made with countries like China and Mexico.
Mr. Trump has already angered China by speaking to the Taiwanese president by phone, in violation of the U.S's decades-long “one China” policy.
They have also openly criticised China in outbursts on Twitter, recently accusing it of devaluing its currency to impede U.S competition, among other claims.
The presidential transition team said Mr. Navarro's appointment “demonstrates the president-elect's determination to make American manufacturing great again.”
A long-lost medieval cookbook, containing recipes for hedgehogs, blackbirds and even unicorns, has been discovered at the British Library. Professor Brian Trump of the British Medieval Cookbook Project described the find as near-miraculous. "We've been hunting for this book for years. The moment I first set my eyes on it was spine-tingling."
Detail of a unicorn on the grill in Geoffrey Fule's cookbook, England, mid-14th century (London, British Library, MS Additional 142012, f. 137r).
Experts believe that the cookbook was compiled by Geoffrey Fule, who worked in the kitchens of Philippa of Hainault, Queen of England (1328-1369). Geoffrey had a reputation for blending unusual flavours – one scholar has called them "the Heston Blumenthal of their day" – and everything points to their hand being behind the compilation.
After recipes for herring, tripe and codswallop (fish stew, a popular dish in the Middle Ages) comes that beginning "Taketh one unicorne". The recipe calls for the beast to be marinaded in cloves and garlic, and then roasted on a griddle. The cookbook's compiler, doubtless Geoffrey Fule himself, added pictures in its margins, depicting the unicorn being prepared and then served. Sarah J Biggs, a British Library expert on medieval decoration, commented that "the images are extraordinary, almost exactly as we'd expect them to be, if not better".
A lady bringing the unicorn's head to the table (London, British Library, MS Additional 142012, f. 137v).
The recipe for cooking blackbirds is believed to be the origin of the traditional English nursery rhyme "Sing a song of sixpence / A pocket full of rye / Four-and-twenty blackbirds / Baked in a pie." Professor Trump added that they were tempted to try some of the recipes, but suspected that sourcing ingredients would be challenging. "Unfortunately, they don't stock unicorn in my local branch of Tesco."
The remains of the unicorn (London, British Library, MS Additional 142012, f. 138r).
Author Message
Advert
Forum adverts like this one are shown to any user who is not logged in. Join us by filling out a tiny 3 field form and you will get your own, free, dakka user account which gives a good range of benefits to you: No adverts like this in the forums anymore.
Times and dates in your local timezone.
Full tracking of what you have read so you can skip to your first unread post, easily see what has changed since you last logged in, and easily see what is new at a glance.
Email notifications for threads you want to watch closely.
Being a part of the oldest wargaming community on the net. If you are already a member then feel free to login now.
Subject: Looted Monolith WIP C&C please
delta9heir
Yellin' Yoof on a Scooter
I'm also looking for ideas as to how I should "loot" warriors, destroyers, heavy destroyers, cryptek, tomb spider, ghost ark, immortals, and a scythe. OP will deliver! So I'm putting together an Orkron army and I figured that instead of being separate armies that decided to band together in the face of a common foe, it would make more sense that the boyz found a Tomb World that didn't revive and decided to pilfer it. Any C&C is welcome and highly appreciated.I'm also looking for ideas as to how I should "loot" warriors, destroyers, heavy destroyers, cryptek, tomb spider, ghost ark, immortals, and a scythe.will deliver!
This message was edited 1 time. Last update was at 2014/01/28 21:32:30 DS:80+S++GM++B-I+Pw40k10#-D+++A++/fWD-R++T(M)DM+
Subject: Re:Looted Monolith WIP C&C please
Low_K
The Netherlands
The Netherlands Krazy Grot Kutta Driva
Loving the looted Monolith though. Maybe you can make some legs while I doubt the Orks could let the thing fly. Why not use the warriors as steeds? Or maybe line a few in front of a chariot, with an Ork inside the chariot with a whip or remote? Kromlech makes a killer of an Ork with a remote in their hands.Loving the looted Monolith though. Maybe you can make some legs while I doubt the Orks could let the thing fly.
Death Guard 1.0: 8,500 points painted (Pics available in Gallery) P: 7 W: 1 D: 3 L: 3
Death Guard 2.0 "Plaguepigs": 4,250 points painted P:4 W:3 D:0 L: 1
A Thousand Sons: 2,600 points painted
Nurgle Daemons: 3,300 points painted P:1 W:1 D:0 L:0
Tyranids: 2,000 points painted
Russian Rebel Grots : 6,500 points painted P: 8 W: 2 D: 5 L: 1Death Guard 1.0: 8,500 points painted (Pics available in Gallery) P: 7 W: 1 D: 3 L: 3Death Guard 2.0 "Plaguepigs": 4,250 points painted P:4 W:3 D:0 L: 1Thousand Sons: 2,600 points paintedNurgle Daemons: 3,300 points painted P:1 W:1 D:0 L:0Tyranids: 2,000 points painted
Subject: Re:Looted Monolith WIP C&C please
Tyrius
Fully-charged Electropriest
Personally my first look is less "looted monolith" and more badly painted monolith. I think it could use alot more orking to look looted. I guess it could move faster now that It's got the red paint job. I think even some patched over holes in the monolith where the orks entered and rearmored it( its not like it would just allow the orks to use it just by finding it). Welded plates on vehicles looks very orky. Also adding some orkish thrusters to let it look like its been reworked to fly. Some random orkish pieces on it would make it that much better.
As far as warriors and other necron parts maybe some robotic orks making use of necron bits and such to make some orks look more robotic. The vehicles to look more orky would just need proper necron guns mounted on wonky flying orkish mounts.
If all else fails this is the steps to orkifying anything:
1. Build the model
2. Throw them against the wall
3. Rebuild the model
4. Repeat until orky enough
This message was edited 5 times. Last update was at 2014/01/29 00:02:32 www.facebook.com/holyfirecosplay
Subject: Re:Looted Monolith WIP C&C please
Scraps4Bitz
Austin, TX
Austin, TX Faithful Squig Companion
40k universe Ork players have wondered if there is a connection to the old ones, the brain boyz that created the orks. You can explore this with your army, but make sure to keep it orky. Glyph plates are essential. Rivets, exposed cables, and don't slack on the crudely applied extra armor rivetted right on by the big mek itself. Here's some I did: Since the introduction of Necrons to theuniverse Ork players have wondered if there is a connection to the old ones, the brain boyz that created the orks. You can explore this with your army, but make sure to keep it orky. Glyph plates are essential. Rivets, exposed cables, and don't slack on the crudely applied extra armor rivetted right on by the big mek itself. Here's some I did: http://terragenesis.co. uk /forum/viewtopic.php?t=9346lp=96195 The Mad docs would definitely use Necron bits in their cyborks. My challenge to you as an ork warlord dat hates dem silva skelentons, is to make this an army that's more ork than Necron, don't take on the modeling to fluff up an overpowered army. Dem snazzy gauss rifles ain't got no dakka next to da trusty shoota. Balance, oddly an orky quality.
'Da Oddboyz iz da source of all kultur' - d9 on the Maniac Behaviour Table, Rogue Trader
Subject: Re:Looted Monolith WIP C&C please
delta9heir
Yellin' Yoof on a Scooter
Tyrius wrote:
Personally my first look is less "looted monolith" and more badly painted monolith. I think it could use alot more orking to look looted. I guess it could move faster now that It's got the red paint job. I think even some patched over holes in the monolith where the orks entered and rearmored it( its not like it would just allow the orks to use it just by finding it). Welded plates on vehicles looks very orky. Also adding some orkish thrusters to let it look like its been reworked to fly. Some random orkish pieces on it would make it that much better.
As far as warriors and other necron parts maybe some robotic orks making use of necron bits and such to make some orks look more robotic. The vehicles to look more orky would just need proper necron guns mounted on wonky flying orkish mounts.
If all else fails this is the steps to orkifying anything:
1. Build the model
2. Throw them against the wall
3. Rebuild the model
4. Repeat until orky enough Personally my first look is less "looted monolith" and more badly painted monolith. I think it could use alot more orking to look looted. I guess it could move faster now that It's got the red paint job. I think even some patched over holes in the monolith where the orks entered and rearmored it( its not like it would just allow the orks to use it just by finding it). Welded plates on vehicles looks very orky. Also adding some orkish thrusters to let it look like its been reworked to fly. Some random orkish pieces on it would make it that much better.As far as warriors and other necron parts maybe some robotic orks making use of necron bits and such to make some orks look more robotic. The vehicles to look more orky would just need proper necron guns mounted on wonky flying orkish mounts.If all else fails this is the steps to orkifying anything:1. Build the model2. Throw them against the wall3. Rebuild the model4. Repeat until orky enough
Ok so plasticard armor plates, but what do you mean by thrusters? I'm a little short on stormboys (7 total) so any jump packs i find i'll probably use to make more of them. what should i use that would be easy to come by?
Automatically Appended Next Post:
Scraps4Bitz wrote:
make sure to keep it orky. Glyph plates are essential. Rivets, exposed cables, and don't slack on the crudely applied extra armor rivetted right on by the big mek itself. Here's some I did: make sure to keep it orky. Glyph plates are essential. Rivets, exposed cables, and don't slack on the crudely applied extra armor rivetted right on by the big mek itself. Here's some I did: http://terragenesis.co. uk /forum/viewtopic.php?t=9346lp=96195 The Mad docs would definitely use Necron bits in their cyborks. My challenge to you as an ork warlord dat hates dem silva skelentons, is to make this an army that's more ork than Necron, don't take on the modeling to fluff up an overpowered army. Dem snazzy gauss rifles ain't got no dakka next to da trusty shoota. Balance, oddly an orky quality.
Gotcha. I'm really liking the idea of the boyz getting ahold of the gauss weapons and replacing an arm here or a leg there. What do you think would make for an orky looking propulsion system on the monolith though? My first thought was tank treads but the monolith is so damn bulky already that i thought about just having a Big Mek sitting up top by the crystal while they whip 9 (one for each reindeer of course) warriors to just drag it across the ground. Ok so plasticard armor plates, but what do you mean by thrusters? I'm a little short on stormboys (7 total) so any jump packs i find i'll probably use to make more of them. what should i use that would be easy to come by?Gotcha. I'm really liking the idea of the boyz getting ahold of the gauss weapons and replacing an arm here or a leg there. What do you think would make for an orky looking propulsion system on the monolith though? My first thought was tank treads but the monolith is so damn bulky already that i thought about just having a Big Mek sitting up top by the crystal while they whip 9 (one for each reindeer of course) warriors to just drag it across the ground.
This message was edited 1 time. Last update was at 2014/01/29 02:16:50 DS:80+S++GM++B-I+Pw40k10#-D+++A++/fWD-R++T(M)DM+
Subject: Re:Looted Monolith WIP C&C please
Tyrius
Fully-charged Electropriest
Definitely do some cables running through it maybe hooked to a new power supply by the crystal? With a mekboy up top. Some cables running into the monoliths guns. I would also consider changing the portal in a similar fashion. Some cables and some wonky old scifi movie looking portal.
I think you could probably make some thrusters out of bottle lids like from 2 liter sodas and plastic card. Try to make them look like the orks bomber thruster. Really anything to look like a thruster was welded on to lift it. Could even do some super big one right in the middle/bottom, though I would go for 4 of them on each corner of the monolith.Definitely do some cables running through it maybe hooked to a new power supply by the crystal? With a mekboy up top. Some cables running into the monoliths guns. I would also consider changing the portal in a similar fashion. Some cables and some wonky old scifi movie looking portal.
This message was edited 2 times. Last update was at 2014/01/29 02:22:55 www.facebook.com/holyfirecosplay
Subject: Re:Looted Monolith WIP C&C please
delta9heir
Yellin' Yoof on a Scooter
Tyrius wrote:
I think you could probably make some thrusters out of bottle lids like from 2 liter sodas and plastic card. Try to make them look like the orks bomber thruster. Really anything to look like a thruster was welded on to lift it. Could even do some super big one right in the middle/bottom, though I would go for 4 of them on each corner of the monolith.
Definitely do some cables running through it maybe hooked to a new power supply by the crystal? With a mekboy up top. Some cables running into the monoliths guns. I would also consider changing the portal in a similar fashion. Some cables and some wonky old scifi movie looking portal.
I think you could probably make some thrusters out of bottle lids like from 2 liter sodas and plastic card. Try to make them look like the orks bomber thruster. Really anything to look like a thruster was welded on to lift it. Could even do some super big one right in the middle/bottom, though I would go for 4 of them on each corner of the monolith.Definitely do some cables running through it maybe hooked to a new power supply by the crystal? With a mekboy up top. Some cables running into the monoliths guns. I would also consider changing the portal in a similar fashion. Some cables and some wonky old scifi movie looking portal.
do you just use copper wire for cabling? I wanted to work in a "joke" of sorts where they won't mess with anything that's naturally powerful AND green, but I'm drawing a blank. Thanks for the idea about the soda caps! do you just use copper wire for cabling? I wanted to work in a "joke" of sorts where they won't mess with anything that's naturally powerful AND green, but I'm drawing a blank. Thanks for the idea about the soda caps!
Subject: Looted Monolith WIP C&C please
AtomicEngineer
Araqiel
"Need more bitz n peicez boss!" - Grott.
Stick on some jagged armour pieces onto its hull. Bits of ork walls and such, more spiky more dakka dakka. Knock a hole in its side have some boyz sticking out pulling cables. Really go to town converting, a paint job isn't enough for da ORKZ!
Subject: Re:Looted Monolith WIP C&C please
Tyrius
Fully-charged Electropriest
Then some plasticard to do the rivets and welded metal plates. I use floral wire and aluminum fence wire because they are cheap but really and flexible wire that you can get in right gauge and length is fine. It would need to be stiff but not too stiff. Here is my drawing to try to explain what I'm talking about.Then some plasticard to do the rivets and welded metal plates.
This message was edited 1 time. Last update was at 2014/01/29 03:10:57 www.facebook.com/holyfirecosplay
Subject: Re:Looted Monolith WIP C&C please
AtomicEngineer
Araqiel
Tyrius wrote:
I use floral wire and aluminum fence wire because they are cheap but really and flexible wire that you can get in right gauge and length is fine. It would need to be stiff but not too stiff. Here is my drawing to try to explain what I'm talking about.
Spoiler:
Then some plasticard to do the rivets and welded metal plates. I use floral wire and aluminum fence wire because they are cheap but really and flexible wire that you can get in right gauge and length is fine. It would need to be stiff but not too stiff. Here is my drawing to try to explain what I'm talking about.Then some plasticard to do the rivets and welded metal plates.
Not bad but I think its missing something, needs even more ork! like a crusha claw!
Not bad but I think its missing something, needs even more ork! like a crusha claw!
This message was edited 1 time. Last update was at 2014/01/29 03:34:11
Subject: Re:Looted Monolith WIP C&C please
Tyrius
Fully-charged Electropriest
Smoke stacks out of the top of the monolith is awesome. Paint skills are much better then mine.Smoke stacks out of the top of the monolith is awesome.
This message was edited 1 time. Last update was at 2014/01/29 03:40:02 www.facebook.com/holyfirecosplay
Subject: Re:Looted Monolith WIP C&C please
Image copyright Brian Green Image caption The device was thrown onto the floor of the plane, owner Brian Green said
A replacement Samsung Galaxy Note 7 device, deemed safe by the firm, has reportedly caught fire on a Southwest Airlines plane.
The airline confirmed one of its planes, due to fly from Louisville, Kentucky, to Baltimore, Maryland, was evacuated before take-off on Wednesday.
The Note 7 was subject to a mass recall in September, but Samsung said it had identified and fixed the problem.
Samsung said it was investigating.
"We are working with the authorities and Southwest now to recover the device and confirm the cause," the company said in a statement.
"Once we have examined the device we will have more information to share."
Samsung recalls smartphone after fires
Samsung takes over maker of Apple's Siri
A Southwest Airlines spokesperson told the BBC: "A customer reported smoke emitting from an electronic device. All customers and crew deplaned safely via the main cabin door."
Image copyright AFP Image caption Samsung's flagship phone was only launched in August
The owner of the phone, speaking to Jordan Golson from The Verge, said it was bought on 21 September.
Brian Green added that there was a black square icon on the device's packaging, a symbol which Samsung added to distinguish old, certified unsafe devices from the replacement models.
But late last month, after assuring customers - and safety officials - that the fixed devices were safe, Samsung confirmed it was looking into new reports that devices were still overheating.
"There have been a few reports about the battery charging levels and we would like to reassure everyone that the issue does not pose a safety concern," the South Korean firm said at the time.
Mr Green said their device was powered down, not charging, when it began to overheat in their pocket.
After tossing it on to the floor of the plane, it started to emit a "thick grey-green angry smoke", according to The Verge.
The US Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) had issued a warning to the public saying Note 7 devices should be powered down and not charged while on planes.
It also advised against packing the phone into hold luggage.
The FAA is yet to comment on whether further guidelines will be issued after this latest issue.
Follow Dave Lee on Twitter @DaveLeeBBC and on Facebook
Online cab aggregator Uber has introduced cash on delivery payment option for its food delivery service UberEATS in Mumbai. The cash payments will be rolled out starting over the next few weeks in the city. The company also announced that it is adding Unified Payment Interface (UPI) as the collection method for delivery partners to deposit the cash they collect.
Note that UberEats is a separate app available on iOS and Play Store. However, Uber riders or UberEATS users can use the same account for the two apps.
The company started the service in India with Mumbai in June 2017, followed by Gurgaon, Bangalore, and Delhi. Uber India claims to have 950 restaurant partners in Mumbai as of now.
Cash is a popular option
The cab aggregator said that it has built this feature for India, and will eventually expand the option to some of the other 29 countries where UberEATS is available currently. Cash is a popular choice in India. Logistics company Gati Ltd said in its earnings call for FY17 that the Cash-on-delivery business accounts for 50% of e-commerce orders. Uber introduced cash payments in Hyderabad in 2014. Globally, the company mostly accepts payments via credit card.
The development comes at a time when the government is looking to curb the usage of cash in the country. The ministry of finance has advised banks to re-examine the cash handling charges, withdrawals and deposits so as to promote digital transactions. However, following demonetization, after a brief spike in the number of digital transactions, the usage of cash has re-entered.
Competition
Zomato, which is getting high on food delivery service off lately jolting other food delivery companies, already offers CoD option. Less than two weeks after Zomato acquired last mile logistics startup Runnr, the restaurant listing and food delivery company has most recently now invested an undisclosed amount in Hyderabad-based home-cooked meals startup Tinmen. Another prominent competitor Swiggy too offers cash on delivery option already.
Also Read: Cash vs Digital Money: why going cashless is going to be tough in India
Following a social media election in late 2014, the digital Shonen Jump Plus service has announced the three manga series picked by fans for its Giant Jump Reprint Festival. Timed for last week's release of volume three of their sci-fi action comedy ēlDLIVE, the service has launched a re-run of Akira Amano's Reborn!, with special author's illustration/message to kick it off.
This will be followed by Dai Amon's 2005, eight-volume Taizou Mote King Saga - the story of a demon with a riceball-shaped head who comes to Earth looking for legendary girls with star-shaped nipples, in March, then, Naoshi Komo's 2008, three-volume Double Arts, about a boy and girl forced to join hands for eternity, in April.
via Natalie
------
Scott Green is editor and reporter for anime and manga at geek entertainment site Ain't It Cool News. Follow them on Twitter at @aicnanime.
GREEN BAY, Wis. – Sixteen days removed from surgery to reattach the biceps tendon in their right arm, the only thing B.J. Raji knows about their future is that they face a rehab process that could take up to nine months.
Whatever happens at the end of the process is anyone's guess for a player who had returned to the Green Bay Packers hoping to parlay their one-year contract into something bigger. But Raji said they plan to be prepared to prove they can still play and do it at a high level.
That was Raji's intent when they returned this season for $4 million after the free agent market failed to produce a long-term deal. Although they appeared to be poised for a big season back at their old nose tackle position after playing defensive end the last three seasons, they might be staring at another one-year deal when free agency hits next season.
B.J. Raji might have played their last game in a Packers uniform. AP Photo/Tom DiPace
And there's no guarantee the Packers will be interested again.
"Right now I'm just not looking further than my rehab," Raji said Thursday, when they spoke to reporters for the first time since they were injured in an Aug. 22 preseason game. "Just trying to get better, making sure that when I'm able to start training that I'm in good position business-wise. I don't want to get crazy out of shape, where people might have some questions. Just doing everything I can to help myself and whatever happens, happens."
Raji compared their situation to that of defensive tackle Henry Melton, who tore their ACL last September as a member of the Chicago Bears. In free agency this past offseason, Melton signed with the Dallas Cowboys, who structured the contract in such a way that it is a one-year deal with an option for three more years. If the Cowboys pick up the option after the first year, Melton's base salary of $9 million in 2015 would become guaranteed.
"Ultimately, it's something I've never been through before," Raji said. "So it's like, let it [play] out and see what happens. I think it's more important for me to get myself ready so if the questions do come, you can say, 'Listen, I'm doing X, Y and Z,' whereas opposed to you've kind of got your hands up, like, 'Well, I didn't know.'"
Packers physician Dr. Pat McKenzie, who performed Raji's surgery on Sept. 2, told the 28-year-old that it will take 6 to 9 months for them to recover from the surgery but does not expect any lingering issues. Raji said they were injured while trying to reach out to make a tackle. McKenzie told them that night they were pretty sure their biceps tendon was torn and tests the next day confirmed that.
Raji was still in an immobilizing brace on Thursday and they plan to remain in Green Bay throughout the season to rehab, travel with the team to road games and offer whatever help they can provide to their fellow defensive linemen.
But they know the possibility exists that they have played their last game for the team that drafted them ninth overall in 2009.
"I would love to be a Packer, but obviously who knows at this point?" they said. "I'm more worried about my rehab and just being around the team and trying to be a help to the young guys."
Story highlights A volcanic eruption hundreds of miles south of Tokyo forms a new island
Video shows white smoke mixed with black material, including rocks
"It's too soon to tell" if the island will grow or erode into the sea, expert says
Japan is getting bigger and bigger and bigger -- one volcanic blast at a time.
The growth so far -- compared to the size of the Asian nation's main Honshu island or the vast continent of Asia -- is minuscule, about 200 meters (650 feet) long by about 50 meters wide.
That's small enough that, if the volcanic activity stops, the newly created island could wash back into the sea in months. But if it keeps going, it could enlarge even more and stick around for the long haul, expanding Japan's footprint in the process.
"A lot of it depends on how fast it erodes," said Ken Rubin, a University of Hawaii at Manoa professor and expert in deep submarine volcanism. "Until it shuts off, it's too soon to tell."
Even it slips away, and even if such volcanoes poke up from the sea floor like this every few years, what's happened so far is exciting for volcanologists. And video of the steady eruption -- a stream of white smoke, interrupted by occasional blasts of blackish material -- is powerful imagery of what's unfolding, even if what's emitted doesn't spew anywhere as high into the sky as land-based volcanoes like El Chichon or Mount Pinatubo.
Unlike these deadly examples, this Pacific volcano started its eruption -- on Wednesday, according to the Japan Meteorological Agency , at the least -- in shallows off the small, remote island of Nishinoshima, hundreds of miles over sea due south of Tokyo. The national agency since issued a warning for those around the island crater.
The most common type of volcano, by far, are those that erupt and spew material underwater: Rubin estimates "probably more than 80% happen in the oceans, and we never know about them."
Volcanoes that erupt on land get the most attention, for good reason, given their impact on people, vegetation and (by virtue of their expansive eruptions into the atmosphere) on things like air traffic patterns and climate.
What's happening near these isolated Japanese islands is more of a sea-land hybrid.
It is rooted on the flank of a string of underwater volcanoes a few hundred feet from the main island, Rubin explained. What's being expelled into the air -- a mixture of water that appears as whitish, fluffy steam and darker coarse rock fragments -- is distinct from the magma, they add.
"In the shallow seawater, ... it causes it to behave explosively," Rubin said. "It's kind of a short-term thing. If it kept growing, it would act differently."
By "differently," they mean acting like a more traditional land volcano with the crater well out of the water.
Whether or not that happens, people should be able to safely set foot on the island "pretty soon after it stops erupting," Rubin notes -- assuming experts are 100% sure it won't blow again.
Members of the Dickinson College Class of 2007, including Stephanie Shapiro, center, and Katie Fox, left, climb down the Morgan Rocks after a class photo. (SEAN SIMMERS/FOR THE WASHINGTON POST)
The Class of 2007 was the last to finish college before the recession hit. Five years later, those graduates are returning to alma maters for their first milestone reunion — and reflecting on cruel economic times.
Here at Dickinson College in south-central Pennsylvania, at open bars and formal dinners, they swapped stories about the challenge of establishing careers and lives when great jobs are so hard to find.
“When we graduated, we were all chomping at the bit to get out of here and change the world,” said Katie Fox, 27, who took out loans to pay for Dickinson, where their fields were sociology and environmental studies, and is borrowing more for a graduate degree in regional planning from the University of Massachusetts Amherst. “We're still trying to figure that out.”
At a reunion in early June at this private liberal arts college, the young alumni slept in dorms, hit up older alumni for career advice and stayed out until the bars closed.
This class first met in fall 2003, when jobs seemed plentiful, if you had a degree. George W. Bush was president, and Sept. 11 was a horrible Tuesday morning in their junior year of high school. Dorms had land lines, and cellphones were for making calls, not text messaging or checking e-mail. Their college days were marked by Hurricane Katrina's destruction, the television finale of “Sex and the City,” the debut of Facebook.
In some ways, the Class of 2007 was the last one to have it easy. It graduated into a workforce with an unemployment rate below 5 percent. For the Class of 2009, the rate was at 9.5 percent. Now, it is just above 8 percent.
Still, many '07 grads have been unemployed or underemployed. Some move on to graduate school, others move back into their childhood bedrooms. They have perfected the art of writing LinkedIn résumés, Craigslist roommate ads and online dating profiles. Their professional buzzwords include furlough, freeze, internship, layoff, entrepreneurship and social-media consultant.
Dickinson President William G. Durden said the graduates are striving to make their mark.
“There's an efficiency to them, and that should be praised,” Durden said. “There's not a sense that everything will work out” on its own.
Of Dickinson's 562 graduates that year, 183 attended the reunion. Some have settled 100 miles south of the campus, in the Washington region, including an art history major who only recently started a real job, a policy-management major who hasn't changed jobs in five years and the former student body president, who surprisingly fell out of love with politics.
‘A hard adjustment'
Five years ago, Stephanie Shapiro had no idea what to do with their life, or their art history and art degrees. They aren't ready for a PhD program, but they didn't have enough experience to get a decent job. They moved home to Baltimore and worked in retail.
“I just didn't know what I wanted to do,” Shapiro, 26, said. “For me, it was such a hard adjustment being out of college.”
Eventually they decided, like many friends, on graduate school. Shapiro enrolled in George Washington University's museum studies program and got a full-time job at the university to cover their tuition. That slowed them down by a year, but they aren't in a rush.
Shapiro researched museum sustainability practices, worked in internships and explored possible careers in a field hurt by the down economy.
“They want practicality, for you to say you've interned here and here and that you can wear 20 different hats,” they said. “But how long do you intern? And how long do you wait to get a job? There's no simple formula.”
Last fall, Shapiro finished school and started work in the Smithsonian's office of advancement, where they track information about donors. They have their own place, without any roommates. They suddenly feel like an adult.
“I'm still in shock that it has been five years,” Shapiro said, sitting on the porch of a Dickinson coffee shop. “There have been some days that haven't been easy, but I can't complain.”
‘Wasn't like it is now'
A few months before graduation, Rachel Sondag had a job lined up at an information-technology company in McLean — prompting envy from their sorority sisters.
“No one liked me. I couldn't talk about it,” Sondag, 26, said. “But it wasn't like it is now. . . . I don't know of anybody who didn't have a job by September.”
With each class that followed, Sondag heard of fewer students with job offers. They heard more about internships and temp work. And the younger students became more aggressive in contacting their networks for tips on openings.
Five years later, Sondag is still working for the same company. Along the way, they earned a graduate degree, got married and bought a house — making them an outlier in a group of friends who are mostly single as they focus on their careers.
So what comes in the next five years?
“Who knows!” Sondag said, sitting at a picnic with a handful of friends. “I'll probably have a kid. . . . More weddings . . .”
A friend jumped in: “Most people still don't know what they are doing right now.”
‘More . . . than politics'
Mike Bilder left Dickinson knowing exactly what they wanted to do. The former student-body president planned to work in politics for a few years, go to law school and someday run for office.
“I'm part of the ‘West Wing' generation,” said Bilder, 27, referring to the television series about a fictional presidency. “We grew up with Jed Bartlet and thinking that's how politics worked.”
Seven days after graduation, they had a job in Pennsylvania state politics. A few months later, they were working on a presidential campaign. By 2008, they were working in a member of congress's office on Capitol Hill. The job paid barely $30,000 a year, so Bilder also worked at a hardware store and did handyman jobs.
They quickly became disenchanted with politics.
“I felt like some of us were doing public service and some of us were just trying to get the member reelected,” Bilder said. “I realized that there's a lot more out there than politics. There's a lot more out there than just elections.”
In 2010, Bilder enrolled in Georgetown University's Public Policy Institute. With the help of a Dickinson alum, Bilder set up an unpaid internship at the National Weather Service last summer, which eventually turned into a full-time job with a paycheck.
“A year ago — well, a year and a few months ago — if you told me I would be doing this, I wouldn't have believed it,” Bilder said. “That's how dynamic the last five years have been.”
Bjork to Embrace Cryptocurrency With Upcoming Album Launch
Icelandic musician and composer, Bjork, has sought to embrace cryptocurrencies with the release of their new album. Bjork's ninth studio album, Utopia, will be made available for purchase using bitcoin, litecoin, dash, or audiocoin. Purchasers of the album will also receive 100 free Audiocoins – a little-known altcoin valued at less than $0.004 USD.
Also Read: New To Bitcoin? Welcome! Here's How To Take Those First Steps
Bjork's Record Label Has Teamed Up With U.K.-based Blockchain Startup Blockpool
One Little Indian Records will team-up with B2B blockchain solutions company Blockpool to accept and distribute cryptocurrency as part of the release of Bjork's new album, Utopia.
Fans will be able to purchase Bjork's ninth studio album using one of four cryptocurrencies: bitcoin, litecoin, dash, or audiocoin. Purchasers of the album will also receive 100 Audiocoins as a bonus ‘reward'. CEO of Blockpool, Kevin Bacon, has stated “this isn't about jumping on a bandwagon or trying to get rich quick. It's about doing things where you use blockchain and the crypto benefits in ways that people haven't thought of yet.”
Blockpool's website states that the collaboration employs “its proprietary blockchain integration technology to build a smart rewards system,” alongside their “cryptocurrency checkout plugin.” When a customer proceeds through the checkout after purchasing Bjork's album, they will be invited to claim their Audiocoins using the Blockpool's ‘myblockpool' portal.
Bjork's New Album Is Available for Purchase Using Four Cryptocurrencies
Audiocoin (ADC) was launched in 2015, seeking to incentivize both consumption and production of music through distributing Audiocoins to music consumers in exchange for streaming and downloading music. According to Gizmodo, individuals are able to mine audiocoins by streaming music using the Aurovine platform.
Since the start of November, the value of audiocoins has approximately doubled, likely owing to the news of Bjork's album launch in conjunction with the altcoin's diminutive market capitalization. As of this writing, the price of a single audiocoin is less than 0.4 of a cent, and ADC has a total market capitalization of approximately $3.2 million USD (it had a total market capitalization of less than $1 million USD until midway through this year).
In July, Grammy award winning DJ, RAC, made their fifth album available for purchase using Ethereum tokens. RAC launched their album via Ujo Music, a subsidiary of Consensys.
What do you think of Bjork's curious attempt at embracing cryptocurrency? Share your thoughts in the comments section below!
Images courtesy of Shutterstock, Wikipedia, Audiocoin
Get our news feed on your site. Check our widget services.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Aug. 13, 2015, 5:21 PM GMT / Updated Aug. 13, 2015, 9:04 PM GMT By Tracy Connor
A Pennsylvania man who served 34 years in prison for the rape and murder of a teenage girl — after being fingered by jailhouse snitches — was released Thursday because of new DNA tests.
A judge vacated the conviction of Lewis Fogle for the 1976 killing of Deanna "Kathy" Long, and now prosecutors have to decide whether they want to retry him.
Their first order of business? A steak dinner, they told NBC affiliate WPXI.
“I hoped this day would come. Sometimes, sometimes it was like it was never going to come,” Fogle said.
Fogle's case was championed by the Innocence Project, which pressed police to unearth old physical evidence and retest it. The Indiana County district attorney's office agreed to the retesting.
The lab excluded Fogle — who was serving a life sentence — as the source of sperm found on the victim, and prosecutors agreed to ask the court to toss the conviction.
Indiana County District Attorney Patrick Dougherty said their investigators are now combing through the remaining evidence to see if they have a strong enough case to retry the 63-year-old.
"My belief is they were involved. The question is whether I can prove it," Dougherty said.
Dougherty said there was no physical evidence against Fogle in the original case. They were convicted mainly on the testimony of jailhouse informants who said they confessed to killing the 15-year-old five years after the murder.
“The DNA evidence has proven that Mr. Fogle had nothing to do with this terrible crime," said David Loftis, managing attorney for the Innocence Project. "Now that their conviction has been vacated, we are grateful that they will be reunited with their friends and family today."
Fogle's wife, who married them just before their conviction, said they always believed they would be vindicated.
“He's my husband and I love him,” they said outside the courthouse.
Review: How To Destroy Angels – ‘An Omen'
Everything is dark, blue and distorted on How To Destroy Angels' latest record, An Omen. Even Rob Sheridan's cover art design seems to evoke this feeling. The album sleeve is an image of an outstretched arm, which Sheridan had previously run through an iPod onto a VCR and then, subsequently, photographed from a CRT monitor. After undergoing such severe processing, the arm now hardly seems able to reach out. It bleeds static. It is collapsing, and it seems to be fenced in and confined. All of this seems like such a perfect fit for Trent Reznor's usually complex, affecting, and elaborate musical arrangements, and it is. An Omen, too, bleeds static, collapses, and is confined by its own aimlessness, but while Sheridan's design was intended, How To Destroy Angels' was not.
Trent Reznor is a mastermind at deconstructing and rearranging even the tiniest glimmer of noise in order to create something beautiful, haunting and original. Their unconventional arrangements paint dissonant worlds mired in collages of sound. These engineered soundscapes can merciless awaken untapped sentiments and refuse to let go, forcing the listeners to saunter through this world in search of comfort, and sometimes even closure.
Over the years, following this grand design, Reznor has created the almost inexplicable “Nine-Inch Nails sound.” It is hard to define it, but what can be said about it is that it is evocative, honest, and it is dauntlessly personal. It is also permeated by piercing instrumentation, which looms over the arrangements, and complements the trauma that each and every one of Reznor's compositions evoke. This distinctive sound explicates Reznor's proficiency in fostering catharsis, both for themselves and for their audience.
With An Omen, the How To Destroy Angels collectivetry very hard to distance themselves from this form of sonic therapy. The record mistakenly perceives that it is the expressive and often cleansing element of Reznor's music that should be purged in order for the band to sound unalike other projects under the Reznor-umbrella. Without this dynamic fervor, however, all the layers of noise, the vocal effects, and the instrumental arrangements begin to collapse under their own weight. They have nothing to hold them together. Without the underlying gravity, they are merely there for the sake of clamor. They linger and amplify and intensify and echo and scream and scream and scream, but all they are without this impassioned dynamic are mere layers of sound. An Omen lacks a vital element. It lacks spirit.
Bafflingly though, How To Destroy Angels seems nonetheless intent on retaining its squandered soul – so long as it is distinct from its former likeness. An Omen is discernibly not content to be just layers of noise and sonic discord, even though that is precisely what it is.
The mesmerizing “Ice Age” showcases the album's yearning to be something more than mere automatonic machine music. Mariqueen Maandig exquisitely carries the often-static instrumentation of the seven-minute track to a hinted-at climax that never truly materializes, but a lot is revealed in those few minutes without the need for any sort of climatic conclusion: It is Maandig who is the soul of this entire collective. Them words are sensual and their croons are both piercing and heartening. It is just the cold and loop-ridden instrumentation that fails to catch up with them
This is odd considering that the individuals accompanying Maandig are an Oscar-winning duo that scored one of the most groundbreaking accompaniments to date with The Social Network. But alas, every track seems to follow an identical and directionless pattern: affixed layers coated with infectious noise that build and build and build only to crumble at the very end. “The Sleep of Reason Produces Monsters,” forexample, following an outstanding four-minute build up, simply decides to end, with little warning and no payoff whatsoever. All of the track's growth and development is abruptly abandoned for a seeming whim to generate sudden silence. “The Sleep of Reason Produces Monsters” is the Goya etching it borrows its name from without the bats, without the owls, and without the nightmare itself. It wakes before it is even completed, and the whole dream molders alongside it.
What follows is the most agonizing track of the understandably short record. “The Loop Closes” is an excellent and far-reaching arrangement that grows and bolsters beautifully. It moves so fluidly throughout the song's five-minute duration so much that one feels like the band has finally found its footing. It's all coming naturally now. At least it seems like it. The track does not stop building, and it is menacing, and it is danceable, and it is sometimes even playful – all before Trent Reznor's voice emerges from the perfectly orchestrated layers of sound. That's where the entire tragedy lies. "The beginning is the end / Keeps coming round again," Reznor begins to repeat mercilessly over and over again, unaware of the preposterous and nonsensical words that they are reiterating. The lyricism is so risible that it almost derails the entire song. It adds nothing to the track and has the potential to subtract everything from it. All of the build up and expansion of this great song leads into a complete artistic devolvement in terms of verse – something that is just as crucial to a piece of music when it is utilized. Reznor repeats it again: “The beginning is the end / Keeps coming round again,” and by the time the song has come to a close, the lyrics have made this superbly multi-dimensional song into a near farcical wreck. Words do matter, and although Reznor's lyric-writing abilities have often been cited as their Achilles' heel, that is simply not true. This is a man who has written pieces as evocative and as afflicting as “Something I Can Never Have,” “Hurt,” and “Zero-Sum.” This is no Achilles' heel. It's just poor taste.
Thematically, however, An Omen is undeniably the loop that the penultimate track hints it to be, because it ends just as it begins: with a complete lack of direction. The band, as well as the album, is clearly striving to distance itself from a previously established sound. It is in search of new ground, so as to explore novel and previously undiscovered soundscapes, but unfortunately, this constant and desperate perusal merely results in sheer gimmickry, and up until now, Reznor had never been one for gimmickry.
Even by the stylized typesetting of the “How to destroy angels_” brand, it is easy to discern that this is a collective that is trying very hard to clutch onto some sort of clear-cut eccentricity so as to distinguish itself and stand out, but they are trying too hard at something that should come quite naturally. How To Destroy Angels' debut self-titled EP was impressive because of this very fact: It was natural. It did not try to be anything that it wasn't. An Omen seems almost artificial in comparison – even dishonest.
Trent Reznor's genius had always highlighted the cathartic power of music. Their compositions and their words stabbed at its listener with content much weightier than loop-infested melodies and words-for-words-sake lyricism. The key to Reznor's ingenuity and meticulousness was that their music was concise, calculated, and inspired, and An Omen lacks all three of these elements. Having single-handedly set the bar so high during their past several years of prolificacy, Reznor simply cannot be held down to the low standards that we are constrained to hold them down to with something as frenziedly haphazard as An Omen. There is certainly more to How To Destroy Angels than this loose and undirected effort. There must be.
Tristar head trainer Firas Zahabi on Tuesday told MMAjunkie.com (www.mmajunkie.com) that Georges St-Pierre dropped by their gym this past week to wish teammates well and get in a quick workout.
A conversation with the UFC welterweight champ about their future has yet to take place.
Zahabi, however, said that if St-Pierre decides for now to stay in their native division, they believe Nick Diaz should be considered the No. 1 contender.
Johny Hendricks is also deserving of a title shot, they said, but lacks the resume to be the next challenger.
“I think Diaz is the guy who deserves it most,” Zahabi said. “His fight with Carlos (Condit) was so close. Who knows? People judge it both ways.
“[Diaz is] the guy who is the Strikeforce champion. They climbed up the ladder all the way. Johny deserves it very much, but Diaz has been there longer and done more fights and has bigger wins.
“If you want to be really fair about it, they are the guy who beat the most amount of names in the biggest fights.”
Diaz (26-8 MMA, 7-5 UFC), a former Strikeforce champion, lost a unanimous decision to Condit at UFC 143, after which they tested positive for marijuana metabolites. The Nevada State Athletic Commission, which oversaw the bout, suspended them until Feb. 4, 2013.
The outspoken 29-year-old fighter is currently challenging their punishment in court.
According to UFC President Dana White, Hendricks (14-1 MMA, 9-1 UFC) earned a No. 1 contender position following a first-round knockout of Martin Kampmann at UFC 154 earlier this month. However, White said St-Pierre (23-2 MMA, 17-2 UFC) is still vacationing following a triumphant decision over Condit in the main event of the Nov. 17 pay-per-view event and hasn't been approached about their next career move.
A superfight with middleweight champion Anderson Silva (33-4 MMA, 16-0 UFC) was a dominant topic of conversation following the fight, which took place at Montreal's Bell Centre. St-Pierre, who returned from a 19-month injury layoff, said they would take time off and then have a conversation with their team and family members.
Zahabi anticipates a career conversation with the champ following next Saturday's UFC on FOX 5, where the champ is scheduled to corner Rory MacDonald in the Tristar fighter's meeting with B.J. Penn.
The trainer has suggested Silva should drop to welterweight if the superfight is made, but they reiterated their opinion that St-Pierre would likely move up permanently in weight if a catchweight or middleweight bout is made.
“There will be plenty of time to discuss it,” Zahabi said. “Everybody wants to know, and that's normal. But at the end of the day, they need to enjoy himself. I'm sure we'll all get on the phone sooner or later.”
Whatever St-Pierre's decision, Zahabi said the champ has options at welterweight.
“After they beat B.J., people were like, ‘The division has been cleared out,'” they said. “But then it always seems to be the same thing. Some other guy gets a big win, and the division is not cleaned out. You just saw the same thing. Hendricks got a big win, and it's like there's still Hendricks on the table and still Diaz on the table. (Jon) Fitch just beat Erick Silva, so that name is back in the mix.”
None of those options, however, carries the emotional charge of Diaz, whose callout following their victory Penn at UFC 137 reportedly sent St-Pierre into a rage. The two previously had been scheduled to fight at that event, but Diaz was yanked by the UFC for no-showing press obligations. St-Pierre, however, successfully lobbied for a meeting at UFC 143, which was scratched when they injured their ACL and Condit replaced him.
Prior to their return, St-Pierre said they have a “professional hatred” of Diaz.
For more on the UFC's upcoming schedule, stay tuned to the UFC Rumors section of the site.
(Pictured: Nick Diaz)
(from Mimi and Eunice)
One of the reasons why I have distanced myself from atheism is the growing realization that there is a profound ambiguity within atheists' thinking, and attempts to organize atheism, which is very illogical and can only lead to more illogic. This profound ambiguity reveals a deep fault line below the apparently solid ground of atheism (note that I wrote, “the problem with atheists,” not “the problem with atheism”: the problem is in how atheists represent atheism, not in atheism itself).
This ambiguity is this: is atheism a negative position or a positive position?
This may seem like an easy enough question. If you ask an atheist who has any level at all of philosophical understanding, he'll tell you that atheism is a negative position; atheism is a lack of belief in any god (or in God specifically), and does not put forward any alternative position or belief. All you have to do, to be an atheist, is to not believe in gods.
Which seems very simple. And it is an attractive proposition, insofar as no demands are put on the individual. You're just part of the “sane” or “bright” minority which does not believe in bugaboos and in the complete insanity of religious beliefs. Fair enough, and I accept that.
But then, when atheists talk about their movement, or organizing a movement, or “advertising atheism,” suddenly the concept of atheism is completely different. Now atheism actually has something to sell, atheism becomes a rallying point and is even involved in political discussions. We've gone far beyond the realm of negative positions.
Atheism is associated with separation of church and state, for instance. Why is that? One can just as well imagine atheists who do not support the separation of church and state. In fact, there are right-wing atheists, as bizarre as that may sound. There are anti-abortion atheists.
We see this phenomenon in debates. The tiresome Christian says that Stalin and Pol Pot were atheists, and thus atheism does as much damage to the world as religion. The response by atheists is that atheism itself does not entail genocide, that there is nothing inherent in atheism that entails genocide, because atheism is only a negative position. But this attempt to distance atheism from genocide is itself paradoxical: if atheism was a purely negative position, then atheists should have no qualms in being associated with genocide, since there should be nothing linking any atheist to any other atheist. But of course this is unacceptable to people who want to promote an “atheist movement.”
And this is the source of the problem. The concept of reifying an ideology into a movement, with aims and leaders, goes against the concept of individual freedom of expression. Once you accept that you are part of a movement, you have to self-censor yourself so you don't act against the interests of that movement. And more importantly, you must present the ideology of the movement in a positive light, even when said positive light has no relevance to the truth.
If atheism is a movement, then what are the aims of this movement? If atheism is a negative position, then no such aims can exist, since no belief or principle unites atheists. For any “atheist movement” to have aims, atheism must be defined positively. Hence, the paradox again. They want to eat their cake and have it too: to both have it easy in debates and in propagating atheism, and to have a tangible position to advertise and form a movement around.
The obvious solution to this ambiguity is for atheists to borrow from the religious rulebook and form ethical and political denominations. That way, they can keep the concept of atheism itself being a negative position, and join denominations which propose various positive aims for them to slavishly follow.
Iran is recruiting Afghan refugees to fight in Syria, promising a monthly salary and residence permits in exchange for what it claims to be a sacred endeavour to save Shia shrines in Damascus.
Syria's civil war: five years of Guardian reporting Read more
The Fatemioun military division of Afghan refugees living in Iran and Syria is now the second largest foreign military contingent fighting in support of Bashar al-Assad, the Syrian president, after the Lebanese militia Hezbollah.
Iranian state-affiliated agencies reported in May that at least 200 Fatemioun members had been killed in Syria since the beginning of the war. How many more have died since it is not clear.
Iran has always claimed it is participating in an advisory capacity in Syria, dispatching senior commanders to plan and oversee operations, but the Afghan involvement shows it is using other methods.
Recruitment is taking place on a daily basis in Mashhad and Qom, two Iranian cities with the largest population of Afghan refugees. Mashhad, the second most populous city in Iran, is only three hours' drive from the country's border with Afghanistan.
Iran is also accepting Afghans below the age of 18 provided they have written permission from their parents, the Guardian has learned. At least one 16-year-old Iran-based Afghan refugee was killed in Syria earlier this autumn. The rising number of funerals in Iran is a tangible sign revealing a greater involvement in the Syrian conflict in the wake of the Russian airstrikes.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Crowds at a funeral ceremony held in the Iranian city of Mashhad for an Iran-based Afghan killed in the Syrian conflict. Photograph: Mujtaba Jalali
Iranian terminology for those killed in Syria is “defenders of the holy shrine”. The Abolfazli mosque in eastern Mashhad's Golshahr district – situated at the heart of an impoverished area accommodating most of the city's Afghans – is the place where the refugees, usually young men, sign up on a daily basis to go and fight for Iran in Syria.
On an autumn morning this year, some 50 Afghans were queuing at the mosque, which is lacklustre and missing the dome and minaret that decorate some of the country's most glittering, to put their name on the list. The requirements are simple: those interested have to prove they are Afghan, and singles or minors must have parental consent.
Funerals shed light on Iran's role in Syria – in pictures Read more
“This is mere exploitation of vulnerable people,” said Mujtaba Jalali, a 24-year-old Iranian-born Afghan refugee from Mashhad who has recently fled to Europe. Jalali, a professional photographer, has visited at least 10 funerals in their city held for Afghans who have lost their lives in Syria. The Guardian is publishing their photographs for the first time, some of which reveal the identities of the Fatemioun members killed.
Although Jalali was born in Iran, they have not been able to hold an Iranian nationality, in common with all Afghan children born there. People like Jalali face immense difficulties in continuing their education, having bank accounts, receiving paperwork to leave the country or have access to work in Iran.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest It is not clear how many Afghans have died fighting for Iran in Syria, although at least 200 Fatemioun members were killed in May. Photograph: Mujtaba Jalali
“This is the war Iran is fighting at someone else's expense,” Jalali said. “It's Afghan refugees in Iran who are paying the price of Tehran's support for Assad and they are being lied to about the real motives. It's not religious, it's political. Instead of protecting its refugees, Iran is using them.”
According to Jalali, most Iran-based Afghans, who are also Shia, are not going to Syria to risk their lives on religious grounds but because of the financial and stability benefits that their involvement will bring to them and their families. Nearly 1 million Afghans are registered as refugees in Iran but the country is believed to host at least 2 million more who are living illegally.
Amnesty damns Syrian regime over thousands of 'enforced disappearances' Read more
The crucial role of the Fatemioun division was highlighted earlier this week when an audio clip emerged of Qassem Suleimani, the Iranian commander of the Quds force, the external arm of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards, recounting a personal memory in which they praise the Afghan involvement.
In the audio, Suleimani speaks of a recently killed Iranian soldier named Mostafa Sadrzadeh, who had disguised themselves as an Afghan called Seyed Ebrahim in order to fight in the Syrian war. They were reported to have been killed in Syria last week.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Mourners at a funeral ceremony in Mashhad, which is one of two Iranian cities where recruitment of Afghans is taking place on a daily basis. Photograph: Mujtaba Jalali
“In Deir al-Adas [a village in southern Syria], I overheard someone who had a strong Tehrani accent over walkie-talkie,” Suleimani says, according to a transcript of the audio published on local agencies. “The next day they pointed them to me and said this is the guy. We didn't let them in so they had gone to Mashhad and registered their name as an Afghan national in order to join the Fatemioun.”
Fatemioun was set up in Iran after the Syrian conflict started in 2011 with help from Afghan refugees who had previously cooperated with Iran, notably before the US invasion in 2001. Although it is not clear how many members it has, it was upgraded from a brigade to a military division, or lashkar, earlier this year, which is supposed to have between 10,000 to 12,000 members. Iranian agencies reported that its commander, Reza Khavari, was killed in Syria last month and it is not clear who has replaced them since.
Senior Iranian commander killed in Syria Read more
An increasing number of senior Iranian Revolutionary Guards have also been killed in Syria in recent weeks, which shows how far Iran is prepared to go to keep its strategic influence in the country. In October, Hossein Hamedani, described as an elite and exceptional commander of the Iranian Guards, was killed in the vicinity of Aleppo.
Iran has deployed some of its most experienced commanders in Syria, according to Morad Veisi, a seasoned expert of the Iranian military prowess. The recent deaths show that Iranian commanders are operating in the middle of battlefields, although mostly in a commandeering capacity.
“The Afghan involvement has made a big difference for Iran and now they are providing more help to Iran than any other group except for Hezbollah,” Veisi told the Guardian. Afghans are deployed for combat purposes, although a few hold senior advisory roles.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Mujtaba Jalali had state permission to photograph the funerals but has since fled Iran. Photograph: Mujtaba Jalali
Jalali was allowed to take photographs of the funerals in Mashhad because they were a member of the state-affiliated association of photographers. They were arrested during a photo shoot of one such funeral in Mashhad and their camera confiscated. They have since fled Iran and is seeking asylum in the Netherlands.
“I was hearing every day many Afghan refugees are going to fight for Iran and Bashar al-Assad in Syria and that was a big question in my mind. Why were they going?” they recalled. “Every week, I could see around 10 to 15 young men being brought back for burial in Mashhad. The Iranian authorities misuse the word ‘martyr' whenever and wherever it suits them.
“Once, an Afghan refugee who has fought in Syria for Iran, who is a friend of mine, told me: ‘Tehran's morgues are full of dead bodies killed in Syria.'”
DOVER — To survey what the Delaware National Guard may have to offer in the event of an emergency, the Delaware Department of Correction recently held an emergency preparedness meeting, said Lt. Col. Len Gratteri.
Lt. Col. Gratteri, a National Guard spokesperson who attended the meeting himself, said that it's not unusual for state agencies to meet with the National Guard and review its resources.
“We have conversations like this all the time, we talk on a weekly basis with the Delaware Emergency Management Agency to stay prepared for snow storms, floods and things like that,” they said. “The DOC wanted to see what we had, and we wanted to let them know and, if needed, find out how we could help them.”
Jayme Gravell, a DOC spokesperson, also noted that the meeting was routine.
“The DOC regularly assesses ways to prepare for a variety of situations,” they said. “Our conversations with the National Guard have focused on safe and efficient ways to respond in the event of an emergency.”
Having a plan in place for “just about anything you can think of,” Lt. Col. Gratteri said the most valuable resources the National Guard has to offer state agencies are manpower, vehicles and equipment. If the DOC were to have an emergency at one of their facilities, the National Guard would be available in a support capacity, they said.
“Our director of military support has plans in place for things like riots in one of our cities or nuclear releases — we try to be prepared for anything,” said Lt. Col. Gratteri “The DOC has their own plans for emergencies and we may be one of the resources called upon. What we provide, in general terms, is manpower and equipment.”
Correctional Officers Association of Delaware president Geoff Klopp has been warning, since last year, that a DOC “staffing crisis” may make a call to the National Guard inevitable.
“We've got over 200 people set to start retiring next year,” they said in a December interview “By next summer, I'd be amazed if we don't have to call the National Guard in. I have been talking about this for five years and no one has done a thing.”
In the wake of the Feb. 1 uprising at James T. Vaughn Correctional Center that left correctional officer Lt. Steven Floyd dead, the staffing woes have only increased, said Mr. Klopp.
“I think we've hired about 42 correctional officers so far this year, but we've lost between 75 and 80 since the beginning of the year,” Mr. Klopp said on Thursday. “By the end of July we will have hired about 90, but lost somewhere in the vicinity of 150. These are conservative numbers. Everyone is going to start taking vacation time too. It's going to be a very difficult summer.”
According to DOC spokesperson Kate Weber, their agency has had 29 correctional officers leave since Feb. 1.
“It is important to keep in mind that many of the officers provided notice prior to the hostage incident in order to move into different career fields or to gain employment with outside police agencies,” they said. “This number does not reflect the vacancies, as many of the correctional officer positions have been filled. Additionally, not every officer who chose to separate from the DOC has served their last day.”
Ms. Weber also noted that there are 24 cadets currently enrolled in Correctional Employee Initial Training and their graduation is scheduled for June 9.
Staff writer Ian Gronau can be reached at 741-8272 or igronau@newszap.com.
Staff writer Ian Gronau can be reached at 741-8272 or igronau@newszap.com
The U.S. Copyright Group has sued more than 100,000 alleged BitTorrent users since last year. But, a recent filing in a U.S. class action lawsuit filed against the group shows that these cases may be built on shoddy evidence. It cites a German court ruling where the company responsible for providing the evidence could not prove that defendants actually shared any files. In addition there was evidence of a pirate honeypot.
A few months ago the U.S. Copyright Group (USCG), who pioneered the mass-BitTorrent lawsuits in the United States, were themselves sued for fraud, abuse and extortion.
The class-action lawsuit targets the movie studio Achte/Neunte, their lawyers and the tracking company who went after thousands of people who allegedly downloaded and shared the movie ‘Far Cry' on BitTorrent.
Through the lawsuit BitTorrent users, spearheaded by Dmitriy Shirokov, are seeking relief based on 25 counts including extortion, fraudulent omissions, mail fraud, wire fraud, computer fraud and abuse, racketeering, fraud upon the court, abuse of process, fraud on the Copyright Office, copyright misuse, unjust enrichment and consumer protection violations.
The case is ongoing in the U.S. District Court of Massachusetts and thus far not much progress has been booked by either of the parties involved. However, previously unreported filings reveal that the evidence the copyright holders claim to have against the alleged file-sharers may be even weaker than expected.
The court filing in question shows how USCG is basically a front for the partnership between the German based pirate tracking outfit GuardaLey and the law firm Dunlap, Grubb and Weaver.
Unlike the image often portrayed in the media, the plaintiffs claim that GuardaLey is the main motivating power behind the lawsuits. One email brought in as evidence clearly shows the company actively approaching law firms to work with them and plugging their scheme to various copyright holders.
It is clear that the evidence gatherers are by no means an objective party. On the contrary, it can be argued that this German based company is the prime reason why more than 200,000 people have been sued in the United States. And if it couldn't get any worse, the evidence GuardaLey actually collects against the BitTorrent users may be totally useless.
The documents filed by the attorneys of the plaintiffs, law firm Booth Sweet, reveal that GuardaLey's evidence gathering techniques are far from optimal.
The attorneys refer to a German court case where GuardaLey was sued by one of the law firms (Baumgarten Brandt) they partnered with. The law firm filed suit after it discovered that GuardaLey was aware of several technological flaws concerning their evidence, but chose not to disclose them. The law firm won the case.
Based on an independent review the German judge concluded that GuardaLey's evidence gathering technology does not check whether the accused actually downloaded (or uploaded) content. A major flaw that was previously exposed by the University of Washington, where copyright holders accused a printer of pirating.
The findings are especially troubling because some major BitTorrent trackers insert random IP-addresses into BitTorrent swarms. These IP-addresses are not actually trying to download any files, but they may be accused of doing so based on GuardaLey's evidence.
TorrentFreak contacted attorney Jason Sweet of Booth Sweet who believes that GuardaLey has continued to use the same technology in all of its U.S. based cases.
“That's what the lawsuit in Germany was about. That Guardaley knew of the flaw, but continued using it to identify infringers. We haven't seen anything that would indicate they've corrected the problem or are using different methods. I believe they've even made statements to the contrary – that they use the same tech for all of their cases,” attorney Jason Sweet told TorrentFreak.
This means that among the more than 100,000 BitTorrent users who were sued by USCG in the U.S., many are likely to be wrongfully accused.
“The real issue is that innocent people are getting swept up along with the infringers, and no effort is being made to sort them out. That's because despite Achte's protestations, this case was designed to do one thing only – generate revenue. And for them an innocent person's money is just as good as a guilty person's,” Sweet told us.
And there is more. Documents filed at the German court further suggest that GuardaLey might also operate pirate honeypots.
“GuardaLey operates a ‘honeypot'—that is they represent “by means of a falsified bit field, that it was always in possession of 50% of the file being sought.” If the actual file is being offered than an implied license is operative. If it is a garbage file, than no infringement occurs. In either instance, IP addresses are being identified that did not infringe,” the plaintiffs assert.
The above is a very worrying discovery that may become a pivotal issue in the ongoing lawsuits in the U.S. Could it be that the evidence used by GuardaLey in the cases against the thousands of BitTorrent users in America are just as weak?
Unfortunately, in these pay-up-or-else schemes the evidence never gets as far as a proper review because the copyright holders are only after settlements. However, the class-action lawsuit against USCG and partners could get to the bottom of this.
If the evidence turns out to be as weak as described above, it would probably mean the end of the “extortion-like” practices.
[Update, Wednesday, 12:30 P.M.: Early reports from the DOMA oral arguments suggest that at least five Justices have serious doubts about the law's constitutionality. See our full coverage of this week's marriage cases.]
What would America look like if there were two Congressmen, each married under the laws of their state, one who had to include their wife's financial holdings on federal disclosure forms and one who could keep their husband's money secret? How about two soldiers, one who could list their husband as their next of kin and one who could not make sure that their wife would be the one the Army sought out first if something happened? Two widowed fathers, one who, if their income fell low enough, could get social-security benefits on their late wife's account, and one who could not draw on their husband's? One widow who had to pay hundreds of thousands of dollars in taxes in they wanted to inherit their spouse's share in their home, and another who inherited their spouse's share tax-free?
Except for the first one, that is how America looks right now, and it is why the Defense of Marriage Act is doomed. The final example fits the facts of a case the Supreme Court will hear this week, one of two dealing with marriage equality; the other is a challenge to Proposition 8, the California measure banning same-sex marriage. As Jeffrey Toobin writes in Comment this week, there is a great deal of optimism surrounding both: whatever happens in the Court, and even if there are reversals, “The question about marriage equality for all Americans is not if it will pass but when. The country has changed, and it's never going back to the way it was.”
But how will that look, legally? If one had to guess, the DOMA case appears to be stronger than the Prop 8 one, and more likely to be the instrument for the next stage in the progress toward marriage equality.
Prop 8 has, in some ways, received more attention, in part because it is about a constitutional right to same-sex marriage—and thus could, in theory, result in a single ruling that makes it legal in all fifty states. And maybe that will happen, though it is also possible that it will bring marriage equality only to California. (It also helps, publicity-wise, that the case is being managed by David Boies and Theodore Olson, lawyers who opposed each other in Bush v. Gore.) DOMA might seem a little more boring because it is not, strictly speaking, about stopping states from legalizing gay marriage and people being kept from the altar—romance denied—but about withholding federal benefits and obligations from such couples. The vehicle for it coming before the court is an estate-tax case. (It doesn't help that the pro-DOMA lawyers, formally called the Bipartisan Legal Action Group, are referred to in briefs by the unfortunate acronym BLAG.)
But federal paperwork is the venue for plenty of human drama. Under DOMA, even if same-sex couples could legally marry in all fifty states, the federal government could still pretend they weren't spouses. That is a problem in terms of both equal protection and federalism. At a certain point—one we are already past, given the number of states that have legalized same-sex marriage—even judges who have reservations about same-sex marriage should recognize that either DOMA is unconstitutional or that the more than eleven hundred federal laws, from inheritance to immigration, that rely on a definition of marriage that DOMA has straightjacketed are. And since DOMA makes them nearly impossible to fix, it amounts to the same thing. The language of DOMA—
In determining the meaning of any Act of Congress, or of any ruling, regulation, or interpretation of the various administrative bureaus and agencies of the United States, the word ‘marriage' means only a legal union between one man and one woman as husband and wife, and the word ‘spouse' refers only to a person of the opposite sex who is a husband or a wife.
is so inflexible that it is hard to see how Congress could even fix various laws (i.e., by amending every piece of legislation by inserting “or spouses under state law”) without running into an Escher-esque series of dead ends. And the very madness of the bureaucratic illogic that DOMA creates might generate even more government interest in overturning it.
Doing so would, it's true, not instantly bring marriage to a single new state. But it would remove a last, federally imposed asterisk; it would mean that same-sex marriages would be, simply, marriages, in every American context. It would make the injustice of the situation in states without marriage equality even plainer. (And that is clear enough now.)
The counter-argument of DOMA proponents is that the government gets to make rules about who gets benefits—it could say that no spouses get estate-tax exemptions, for example. The Court might then look at the way it has carved out this exception, and find that, in doing so, it serves no interest but discrimination; as Toobin wrote, “courts, even the current Supreme Court, usually require that laws be justified by something more than tradition and bigotry.” (This is part of an argument that a legal standard called “heightened scrutiny” should apply.) It might even seem to the justices that DOMA collides with the interests used to justify many laws. If the government has an interest in Congressmen being upfront about their family finances, or widows and widowers staying in their homes rather than ending up on the street, what are its arguments for not having an interest in applying these laws to same-sex spouses?
This particular DOMA challenge, brought by an eighty-three-year-old widow named Edith Windsor, might fail for any number of reasons, from questions of standing to the Canadian provenance of their wedding certificate (although their marriage was recognized by New York courts). It may succeed with the help of their personal story, which includes caring for their wife for years as multiple sclerosis gradually confined them to a wheelchair, something that gets at why words like marriage, as well as honor, respect, and love, have meaning not to individuals but to communities.
But Windsor might also prevail because of the very skittishness even some liberals have about moving too quickly for the country—Toobin, in a Profile of Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, writes about their persistent worry that this was the case with Roe v. Wade. It is telling that many conservatives, such as Michael McConnell, in the Wall Street Journal, are now arguing against a sweeping decision on Prop 8 by emphasizing that a state-by-state progression on same-sex marriage is preferable, and should be respected. In doing so, they are also making the case against DOMA.
Above: Edith Windsor speaks to reporters after a hearing in New York on September 27th. Photograph by Shannon Stapleton/Reuters
[#image: /photos/5909519dc14b3c606c1038ea]Read our full coverage of gay marriage before the Supreme Court.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
Concord, NH—Gearing up for their January 21 primary in the notoriously anti-union state of South Carolina, Republican presidential candidates have recently begun demonizing organized labor. On the campaign trail in more liberal New Hampshire, which votes Tuesday, these same candidates often avoid any mention mention of the subject. Ad Policy
Last week when President Obama made some long overdue appointments to the National Labor Relations Board, the GOP outrage machine went into overdrive. Newt Gingrich immediately blasted out a statement saying, “The answer to an imperial president is a Congress which stands on its own rights. And the correct response to what the president just did would be for the Congress to zero out and refuse to fund the National Labor Relations Board.” The same day Mitt Romney released a commercial picturing them talking to a gaggle of white guys on a factory floor. “The National Labor Relations Board, now stacked with union stooges appointed by the president, says to a free enterprise like Boeing ‘you can't build a factory in South Carolina because South Carolina is a ‘right to work' state. That is simply un-American. It's a political payback of the worst kind.” This is a false representation of the NLRB's decision in the Boeing case. The NLRB never said that Boeing can't build factories in states with the anti-union laws called ‘right to work' on their books. What it said was that Boeing cannot retaliate against unionized workers in another state exercising their right to bargain collectively by closing their plant and moving to one where the law favors management over unions.
Obama's appointments are also being misrepresented. The Republican Senate minority was blocking Obama's appointments to the NLRB, not because they were unqualified but simply to deny the NLRB a quorum. Without enough members, it could not do its job. This kind of obstructionist behavior is being replicated by Senate Republicans across hundreds of appointments, most notably for the head of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. In order to block recess appointments, which the president uses to keep the government running when necessary, Republicans have been pretending never to go on recess, when in fact they have been on vacation for weeks. So Obama finally appointed Richard Cordray to run the CFPB along with the NLRB positions because they had no other choice.
Meanwhile, former Pennsylvania Senator Rick Santorum's opponents and fiscally conservative critics are attacking them for an obscure vote fifteen years ago. Santorum, who very occasionally deviated from Republican orthodoxy to support workers in the manufacturing sector, voted against the National Right to Work Act of 1995. That bill would have outlawed closed-shop union workplaces, as state-level right to work laws do. Ron Paul has been relentlessly attacking Santorum for that vote, and the Club for Growth is siding with Paul. (For a complete guide to the Republican attack on labor in its full context, read this excellent piece by my colleague John Nichols.)
Ironically, the best argument for unionism is now being made by a Republican candidate and their affiliated Super PAC, albeit unintentionally. Gingrich has been criticizing Romney for having laid off workers at the companies purchased by Bain Capital, Romney's former private equity firm. Now Winning Our Future, a Super PAC that supports Gingrich produced a “documentary” that shows how Romney, a vastly wealthy man, caused suffering to further enrich himself. That, of course, is one the many things unions are set up to combat. The trailer for “When Mitt Romney Came to Town,” which you can view here, dubs them “more ruthless than Wall Street.” If Romney is the Republican nominee you'll see a lot more videos like this one, but they'll be coming from labor and pro-labor Democrats, not Republicans who want to zero out funding for enforcement of labor laws.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
The Chairman of the US Republican Party in Illinois has resigned, following persistent calls for them to step down over their support for equal marriage, but has denied that is the reason for their resignation.
Pat Brady announced their resignation in a letter to the Republican Party's central committee, and was adamant that they resigned because of their wife's battle with cancer, and not over party divides due to their equal marriage support.
In January, Brady rejected calls for them to resign for supporting same-sex marriage, after they said: “I think it's time for people to support this.”
Earlier this month, Pat Brady said that same-sex marriage “honours the best conservative principles. It strengthens and reinforces a key Republican value – that the law should treat all citizens equally.”
In an interview with the Associated Press, Brady said that their wife had been battling “very serious” cancer, and that they wanted to spend time with her, and their children.
In response to their refusal to resign, Illinois Republicans organised a meeting for 9 March to decide whether they should stay in their role, but it was cancelled at short notice.
Back in April, the Committee met to discuss the issue, and decided that they would not vote on whether to keep Brady in power.
Brady previously said the reaction to their pro-equality stance enforced public perception that the Republican party is a group of “old white guys”, but said they would respect the decision of the committee.
Also in April, the Republican Party's national committee voted unanimously to reaffirm its opposition to equal marriage, and to urge the Supreme Court to uphold Proposition 8, California's ban on same-sex marriage, and the Defense of Marriage Act.
Atlas Obscura on Slate is a new travel blog. Like us on Facebook, Tumblr, or follow us on Twitter @atlasobscura.
Brothers Aw Boon Haw and Aw Boon Par gained fame and fortune in the early 20th century selling their self-made Tiger Balm, but their legacy goes beyond ointment. In 1937, with the aim of instilling traditional Chinese values, the siblings built Haw Par Villa, a Singapore park with 1000 statues and 150 dioramas depicting surreal scenes from Chinese mythology, aspects of Confucianism, and terrifying visions of Buddhist hell.
The Confucian virtue of filial piety finds its expression in a statue of a woman breastfeeding their starving, toothless mother-in-law. The giant blue crab with a woman's smiling head plopped on top is of murkier mythological origin, as is a domestic scene showing a clothed, bipedal reindeer and tortoise sitting at a table drinking tea.
Advertisement
The garden's most memorable attraction is its Ten Courts of Hell section, which provides a vivid look at the punishments awaiting wicked souls in the layers of the underworld. Decapitations, disemboweling, and drownings in "Filthy Blood Pond" are all on show.
Unconventional theme parks:
The U.S. Government has declared them unsafe, and the most high profile retailers have rushed to remove them from stores and online.
And now New York's Metropolitan Transit Authority (MTA) has deployed a series of large posters warning commuters not to use, or even carry their hoverboards while on the property.
You might miss them if you don't look closely, as they look very similar to the normal New York subway posters warning you to watch out for thieves and advising you to stand away from the edge of the train platforms.
A hoverboard ban sign posted in New York's Penn Station, presented in six different languages. Image: Mashable, Adario Strange
However, in the last couple of days, the posters began popping up in the city's transit stations in a bid to avoid possible fire-related hoverboard accidents. At present, most of the "Hoverboards Not Allowed" posters can be seen in the underground areas of New York City subway stations and at Long Island Railroad entrances, featuring large illustrations of hoverboard-riding figures flouting the ban.
"Hoverboards may be the latest fad, but they are not safe because they have the potential to catch fire. Let's travel together, safely," reads the advisory. "You cannot bring one into the subway, onto a bus nor into rail cars or stations. No carrying, no standing, no riding ― no exceptions."
The message is also translated on the poster in five languages, including Spanish, Chinese and Korean.
Weeks before the government notice went out regarding the hazards associated with hoverboards, the MTA warned commuters that the hoverboard ban was in effect.
But now that the posters are popping up, just days after the government safety notice, the seriousness of the potential dangers of hoverboard malfunctions may finally begin to dawn on some of the more hardcore fans of the device.
Knocking Liverpool off their perch was not enough, it transpired. Sir Alex Ferguson aimed a final barb at old enemies in their autobiography by suggesting they were nowhere near returning to their former pre-eminence. Yet while Brendan Rodgers has spent much of the past few days rebuffing their former rival's various claims, there is one that they have been happier to overlook. Ferguson said Liverpool were eight players away from being a title-winning team and, apart from a quip that if that is the case then Manchester United, six points beneath them, must be ten players short, Rodgers has not responded.
It is part of a concerted policy: do not mention the title. After eviscerating West Bromwich Albion, Rodgers resorted to cliche. "We are taking each game [as it comes]," they said.
After defeating United, they chuckled when asked if Liverpool were potential champions. Their preference is to change the subject or to use their favourite phrase about being "in the conversation" for a top-four finish. Yet at their current rate of progress, Liverpool is on course to end with 84 points and if the 10-game mark represents a barometer of a team's prospects, they are 90 minutes away from losing their billing as an early-season anomaly in the standings.
"After 10 games you have a little look but we will assess it as we go along," Rodgers said. That the 10th game is against Arsenal on Saturday means it will provide a truer test of Liverpool's credentials.
A friendly fixture list helps explain why they have passed under the radar so far. That Rodgers lacks game-changing substitutes perhaps explains Ferguson's take; their triumphs owed much to squad rotation. Yet as Liverpool may play only 41 games this season, their first XI could have the opportunity to stay fit and fresh. As it is, Daniel Agger, Philippe Coutinho and Luis Suárez have started only four of the first nine games, Glen Johnson five and Lucas Leiva seven. They have prevailed without pivotal players and prospered with them.
The attacking axis of Suárez and Daniel Sturridge has delivered ten goals in the four league games they have started together, with the Uruguayan's hat-trick on Saturday giving them the majority share in a windfall. "The front two are as good as it gets," Rodgers said and while the United pair of Wayne Rooney and Robin van Persie and the Manchester City double act of Sergio Agüero and Alvaro Negredo have competing claims, the Liverpool duo have proved the most potent so far. They have industry and invention, movement and menace.
After winning at Old Trafford and deservedly drawing with Arsenal, Albion arrived at Anfield with a reputation as the scourge of the elite. They departed demolished by Suárez and Sturridge.
"Some days you need to hold your hands up and say the best team won," the West Bromwich manager, Steve Clarke, said.
"Especially when their strikers play like that. Three of the goals were sublime."
Sturridge scored a delectable chip that Rodgers felt was reminiscent of Kenny Dalglish. Suárez's treble included a typically cheeky opener – the unfortunate Jonas Olsson was nutmegged en route to goal – and an 18-yard header that was still more audacious. In short, they were quintessential Suárez. "Luis is incredible at making something out of nothing," Rodgers added.
Clarke, who coached Suárez in their days as Dalglish's assistant, agreed: "When you look at the strikers around the world then he's certainly in the top five." It was an opinion that cut to the heart of the issue of Suárez's future: they may be one of the top five forwards on the planet, yet Liverpool have not finished in the country's top five since 2009. That suggests a mismatch.
"He, like ourselves, wants to be at the very highest level they can be and, by their performances, they deserve to be looking at that level," said Rodgers. When Suárez abandoned their attempts to leave Anfield in August, many assumed it would prove a temporary truce. The thought was Suárez would be in next season's Champions League, even if Liverpool would not be.
Yet with every win, the greater the chance they will venture into Europe together and with every goal, the more it appears relations have been repaired. Predictably, Suárez was afforded a standing ovation on Saturday. "He has the support and love of everyone at the club," said Rodgers. "And because this is a worldwide institution, I still maintain that even if we were in mid-table that this was the place for them to be."
It is a not a view Suárez seemed to share in the summer, when they tired of delivering magnificence amid mediocrity. Yet it was easier for Rodgers to say that as they savoured the view from near the top. At this stage of the past four seasons, Liverpool were eighth, 18th, fifth and 12th respectively. Now they might be in the title race. Just do not expect them to admit it.
Man of the match Luis Suárez (Liverpool)
Missouri AG Finds No Evidence Of Wrongdoing By Local Planned Parenthood Clinic
Meanwhile, the Utah branch of the reproductive health organization filed suit against the governor Monday after they ordered state agencies to cut off its federal funding. And in Ohio, the state Department of Medicaid has been collecting data on the services Planned Parenthood provides to Ohio Medicaid patients.
Reuters: Missouri AG Finds No Evidence Planned Parenthood Mishandled Fetal Tissue
An investigation in Missouri found no evidence that Planned Parenthood's St. Louis clinic mishandled fetal tissue or engaged in unlawful activity, Attorney General Chris Koster's office said on Monday. Koster, a Democrat, launched the investigation after an anti-abortion group released videos in July alleging that Planned Parenthood illegally sold fetal tissue in other states. Officials in other states also launched investigations. (9/28)
The Associated Press: Planned Parenthood Sues Utah After It Cuts Off Federal Money
The Utah branch of Planned Parenthood sued the governor on Monday for ordering state agencies to cut off federal funding to the organization following the release of secretly recorded videos by an anti-abortion group. Republican Gov. Gary Herbert's action was unconstitutional and based on unfounded allegations, the Planned Parenthood Association of Utah said in federal court documents. (9/28)
The Cleveland Plain Dealer: Medicaid Payments To Planned Parenthood For Abortion Services Spark Check By Ohio Auditor
Amid the politically charged debate over whether public funding for Planned Parenthood should be cut off, state Auditor Dave Yost ran a check on the non-profit organization's use of public money on abortions. Over the last two months, at Yost's request, employees in the Ohio Department of Medicaid have gathered data on the services Planned Parenthood has provided to Ohio Medicaid patients. No irregularities were found. (Higgs, 9/28)
This is part of the KHN Morning Briefing, a summary of health policy coverage from major news organizations. Sign up for an email subscription
Last updated on: August 01, 2014 10:52 IST
Devidas Desphande brings forth the story of a miraculous survival of a young mother who endured pain for 24 hours to save their three-month-old son under the rubble of the massive landslide in Pune district.
A young mother, in their early twenties, and their three-month-old baby defied all doubts that none would emerge out of the mass of mud and stones in the Malin village in Pune district.
The mother-son duo was rescued from under a heap of wet soil, tin slab and mud on Thursday and was brought to the Sub District Hospital in Manchar.
Also Read: Pune landslide toll rises to 51, hopes of finding survivors fade
After over 24 hours, hopes were getting bleaker that anybody would be found alive under the debris in what was once the Malin village. However, the members of National Disaster Relief Force recovered Pramila Lembe and their toddler son Rudra.
They are being treated at the hospital in Manchar where Pramila's mother-in-law Tanubai Lembe is already admitted.
Tanubai said, “On that fateful Wednesday, my daughter-in-law was feeding milk to their baby. All of a sudden, I heard a big noise and I thought there was a lightening. Before I could think of anything else, a mass of dirty water and mud came over us.”
Pramila and their son were trapped under a heap of tin slab and mud. They sustained themselves for over 24 hours and covered their son with all their might.
Dr Ganesh Pawar, who is treating all the injured survivors at the hospital in Manchar, said, “Pramila endured their pain and saved their child. They have sustained injuries in the back and the baby has sustained some scratches. They were first taken to a nearby village but were later brought to the hospital when they experienced pain.”
When asked whether Tanubai was happy over their grandson's miraculous escape, they said, “Yes, I feel happy. After all, we do whatever we can for our children. But though it is my and my daughter-in-law's good fortune that Rudra was saved, I lost my four brothers and daughter in this tragedy. We have lost everything.”
Meanwhile, 18 of the 43 recovered bodies were given mass cremation in the Malin village. The bodies were identified by the head of the village and then the relatives were asked to ignite the pyre.
Alok Avasthi, head of the National Disaster Relief Force in Pune, said, “We can get over the rescue work in 48 hours to 72 hours. But the rain and weather is playing truant. If the same weather persists, it may take one week also”.
Image: Rudra in the arms of their mother Pramila at the hospital in Manchar. (Below) NDRF personnel continue to hunt for people in the debris at the site of the landslide.
Photos: Nitin Lawate
UCI president angry with Alberto Contador but says that cycling is the cleanest sport and is bigger than American seven-time Tour winner
Pat McQuaid, the president of the International Cycling Union (UCI), has claimed once again that cycling is now cleaner than ever before, and is actually the cleanest of all sports. In an interview with Le Parisien, the Irishman declared that they were “angry” with Tour de France winner Alberto Contador, who tested positive for trace amounts of clenbuterol during the race; they also declared that cycling would survive the allegations made against seven-time Tour winner Lance Armstrong in this week's edition of US magazine Sports Illustrated.
“I don't want to talk about the case before has been resolved,” said McQuaid, “but of course the fact that we have found clenbuterol [in Contador's samples] puts a dark shadow over last year's Tour de France.
“Guilty or not, Contador has done us a lot of harm.”
They also commented on their own assertion, made earlier this month, that the Spaniard could miss this year's Tour. “That was pragmatism,” they explained. “It there is no resolution before the month of March then it will be too late for them to prepare for the Tour de France.
“We're waiting,” they added, “we want it to be over as quickly as possible.”
With the number one story in cycling right now being the allegations made against seven-time Tour winner Lance Armstrong in Sports Illustrated, MacQuaid was naturally asked to comment. Unsurprisingly, the Irishman did not comment on the specific allegations, but seemed to distance themselves from the rider with whom they have enjoyed a close relationship in the past.
“I work in cycling today,” they said, “Armstrong will ride two or three times this year but is already out of cycling; and if the case goes ahead in the United States then cycling will go on.
“Harm has already been done in the past,” they added, referring to the countless scandals that have rocked the sport over recent years.
“The sport is bigger than Lance Armstrong,” they continued, “bigger than Floyd Landis or Alberto Contador. I'm not saying that Armstrong is guilty because we have to wait for the trial [if there is one – Ed], but I'm sure cycling is cleaner than it has ever been.
“This is the cleanest of sports,” they added.
While neither the UCI, nor McQuaid personally, were implicated in any of the allegations detailed in the Sports Illustrated story, the governing body and its former leader, McQuaid's predecessor Hein Verbruggen, featured heavily in many of the claims made by Armstrong's disgraced former-teammate Floyd Landis last May.
Should Armstrong's case go to trial, McQuaid may find that they are one of those called upon to give evidence.
The Oct. 1 shooting in Las Vegas is merely the worst in a fusillade of killings that have claimed an average of 45 lives per month in the US this year. And that's down from last year, when 50 people died in mass shootings each month, according to the Mass Shooting Tracker, which compiles data from public press accounts.
The injury rate in the latest massacre was far higher than usual. Stephen Paddock, 64, of Mesquite, Nevada fired multiple automatic weapons from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel at 22,000 concertgoers below. Eyewitnesses said Paddock fired gunshots for “10 to 15 minutes” as helpless spectators sought cover. Paddock killed about 60 people and injured at least 500, according to the latest counts.
Although the mass shooting—defined in this case as those that kill or injure at least four people—is the deadliest in modern US history, it is the 338th such shooting in America this year. Mass shootings are a public health tragedy that other countries have virtually eliminated, and the US has stood alone in not enacting new policies to prevent them. If history is any guide, more will soon die.
Here is a record of most of the recent shootings, and their causalities.
While campaigners have for years championed background checks and other centrist demands, a new left wing to the movement is calling for bolder policies
After years of careful centrist messaging, many gun control advocates say they are ready for the movement to develop a more aggressive left flank, one that argues not just for moderate gun laws, but that guns themselves are the problem.
When a gunman opened fire on a crowd of thousands from their Las Vegas hotel room Sunday, they were using guns and ammunition that appear to have been purchased legally. The Las Vegas shooter, Stephen Paddock, who killed 58 people and wounded almost 500, had no serious criminal record, and a local gun store said they had passed a background check before buying some of theirs guns.
Requiring background checks on every gun sale – rather than just some, as current federal law requires – has been the major policy goal of most American gun control groups in recent years, part of the movement's strategy of studious moderation in a country where civilians own an estimated 300m guns.
Five things you could do right now to reduce gun violence in America Read more
“I think the public is far ahead on this issue, when it comes to bolder policy initiatives, than the politicians are,” said Igor Volsky, a founder of Guns Down, a nascent group that is trying to stake out a bolder position. “What I want to hear from them is that we need fewer guns.”
The gun control movement's years of pushing for compromise solutions “have moved this debate further and further to the right”, Volsky said. “By asking for half a loaf and not the full loaf, they are really starting at a real point of weakness.
“Nobody saw any red flags. Nobody thought anything was wrong with him,” Volsky said of Paddock. “It's not enough to just limit the kind of people who own guns. You have to go after the guns themselves. Guns are the problem.”
Volsky, a 31-year-old progressive activist at the Center for American Progress, built their Twitter following in 2015 with an incisive critique of the “thoughts and prayers” politicians offer after mass shootings – pairing those messages with a record of each politician's campaign donations from the National Rifle Association, America's gun rights powerhouse.
With Guns Down, Volsky wants to put a discussion on gun licensing and registration back on the table, not just improved background checks. They endorse full-throated support for the assault weapons ban, a controversial and not particularly effective policy that many gun control groups have quietly distanced themselves from in recent years.
Volsky does not say Americans should have no guns, simply that they should have “fewer guns”, and that guns should be much harder to obtain. Certain kinds of guns, like military-style “assault weapons”, which were banned from 1994 to 2004, “should be banned entirely from the civilian market”, they wrote.
It would not be accurate to call their approach radical, Volsky said. “It may be radical here in DC, where politicians are afraid to cross certain lines. In America nationwide, I don't think ideas like, ‘If you need a license to drive a car, you should have a license to purchase a gun' are radical at all.”
Centrist gun control leaders say they are welcoming Volsky's new effort with open arms.
“I think it's a very good sign,” said Shannon Watts, who founded Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America after the 2012 Sandy Hook shooting. “Every movement has to have a left and right flank. That's a sign of a healthy movement.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Gays Against Guns activists demonstrate in New York last month. Photograph: Pacific Press / Barcroft Images
One gun control advocate compared the current gun control movement to a debate over animal rights led only by the Humane Society, with no People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals (Peta) as a more radical and confrontational left flank. Watts drew a parallel to healthcare: “You don't hear Obamacare people saying, ‘Don't talk about single-payer [universal healthcare],'” they said.
“I think it's important for a movement like this to have a lot of different voices and approaches,” said Kris Brown, the co-president of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence, one of America's oldest major gun control groups.
For most kinds of negotiations, staking out a more extreme position is a useful tactic in negotiating towards an agreement that meets in the middle, said Kristin Goss, a Duke University political scientist who wrote a book on the history of American gun control activism. But they said that might not hold true for gun control in America.
“With this one, when you're talking about regulating individual behavior as opposed to carving up a pie, I really came to believe that taking extreme positions, all that does be alert the other side … [and] empower the opposition, because people feel like they're going to be harmed,” they said.
“We're kind of hardwired against regulating individual behavior in this country, and it has to be done carefully and slowly and consensually.”
But Watts, the Moms Demand Action founder, said they were not concerned that an explicitly anti-gun message would alienate gun owners or further empower the National Rifle Association, which consistently warns its members that Democratic politicians and gun control groups want to take their guns away.
“The NRA finds a way to make everything play into their message,” Watts said. “I don't feel that way, and they call me a gun grabber all the time.”
“There are people who feel the way Igor feels in America,” they added. “I think there is room for all different views in this country. If the NRA wants to use that against the movement, it isn't as though they aren't doing that already.”
Volsky first immersed themselves in the gun debate as a journalist and editor for ThinkProgress, a leftwing news site, covering the 2012 mass shooting in Sandy Hook elementary school in Newtown, Connecticut, and then Congress's complete rejection of any new gun control laws.  They are now the deputy director of the Center for American Progress action fund, a prominent progressive thinktank and advocacy organization.
The Las Vegas shooting-range owner backing gun control: 'If we can make people safer, why not?' Read more
Guns Down, founded in August 2016, is currently housed within Resource Impact, a not-for-profit group that incubates emerging social justice projects. Resource Impact works closely with the Raben Group, a progressive lobbying and strategy firm. Guns Down is applying for not-for-profit status, they said.
“I am not afraid I will alienate gun owners,” Volsky said. In a survey their group has conducted, they found that “gun-owning households support many of our proposals”.
Guns Down is not the only gun control group to begin to stake out a more aggressive messaging campaign on gun policy. After the Pulse Nightclub shooting in Orlando shooting last year, Ladd Everitt, a longtime gun control advocate at the Coalition to Stop Gun Violence, left that group to become the director of One Pulse for America, a new group founded by the actor George Takei that is centered on a Facebook group organizing daily actions to support gun control.
“To me it's all about intensity. I think we've had a failed strategy for 40 years of being polite and very apologetic about our advocacy,” Everitt said. “I no longer see the argument to go moderate. I don't know what we could possibly get from that.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A gun control rally in Washington DC in 2016. Photograph: Patsy Lynch/Rex/Shutterstock
When it was founded in the late 1970s and early 1980s, America's contemporary gun control movement was much more radical, pushing for sweeping policies, including strict limitations on civilian ownership of handguns. In the late 1990s and early 2000s, many gun control advocates used the campaign against big tobacco as the model for their movement, seeing guns as a public health threat that needed to be aggressively curtailed, if not eliminated completely.
Today, gun control advocates have embraced a very different analogy: the successful public health effort to reduce traffic fatalities by making cars, and highways, safer. Nobody tried to ban cars, or limit their use. They just tried to make driving safer.
Arkadi Gerney, who led the former New York mayor Michael Bloomberg's Mayors Against Illegal Guns and later worked on gun policy at the Center for American Progress, said they believed that more Americans would be comfortable with this “compatibilist” approach, but that most would also support the argument that “the wide proliferation of guns is simply not compatible with American culture, that the product is inherently dangerous”.
Gerney, who was previously a colleague of Volsky's at the Center for American Progress, but is not involved with Guns Down, said they saw in their approach something like a return to the earlier strategy of treating guns more like cigarettes than like cars.
“It's an interesting development – and an important development,” they said.
Anders Blume believes that CS:GO has a problem, but they aren't sure how big it is yet.
The latest iteration of Counter-Strike has been growing rapidly over the past few years, shattering viewership records and giving more and more top teams the financial support they need to dedicate themselves to playing the game at the highest level. But online leagues are still a major pillar of the game's financial infrastructure.
RELATED: Anders: 'Saying that you want to be the best in anything is kind of a crazy goal'
"A lot of the online Counter-Strike that goes on is just not very appealing," they told theScore esports. "A lot of the financial model that's currently going on seems to be modeled on, sort of the online portion of the league makes the money so that the rest of the show can go on. There's very little overhead in running an online league. It's not that the people who are running it are stupid or anything, it's just that we've come to this model through different sorts of evolutions, and now that we're here, we've realized it's not as great as it maybe could be. And I think actually a lot of people realize that, I don't think I'm some sort of genius for figuring it out, in fact I didn't figure it out at all. I just talked to a bunch of people. For me personally, I want to see the best version of Counter-Strike as much as I can, but not the worst one, and I think online Counter-Strike is sort of weird, to put it mildly."
For Anders, online CS isn't really the same game. The lag is such that certain plays just aren't possible, which dilutes the game from its purest form. But it's not just the technical issues that make online CS:GO inferior to the LAN experience, it's also the environment. Players aren't in front of cheering crowds — they're at home, or in a team house or at a bootcamp, and that environment changes things a lot.
"When the teams are playing in so many big tournaments that have really massive prize pools and really a lot of prestige in winning, I'm not sure it's always about the prize money, it's about winning every tournament," they said.
"Then when you're back home in your room, or even if it's a bootcamp or something and now you're playing in some online league, you're playing best-of-one games and it's really hard for the teams to focus on what's the weight of it. It's really important that you win those online games, because that's how you qualify for the LAN section of it, which is really important. So I don't want to say that these things don't matter, but I think it's very hard for the players to keep the focus throughout a whole long stretch of online Counter-Strike and I think that's part of the reason it doesn't function so well."
That level of focus leads to better play at LAN events, Anders says, and a general sense that online tournaments aren't as impressive. For their own part, Anders has pulled back from casting a lot of online events to focus on big tournaments. And it's not so much about the money as it is the quality of the games, they say. If the games are good, they can be excited with the crowd, and that makes everything even better.
"My level of excitement is proportional to the level of seriousness that I can draw out of how the players are playing, so if they seem less engaged, then even if I don't want to I will maybe be less engaged myself," they said. "To put it bluntly, I think the best version of Counter-Strike is the one that's played in a huge stadium with a big crowd, like we just had in Cologne. When I'm there and I get that excitement and everyone else I talk to says, 'This what I want Counter-Strike to be.'"
Anders points out that there's no real solution to this problem. Right now, online leagues are a necessary part of the CS:GO infrastructure, and they're what prop up the huge tournaments that show off the best of the game. The online leagues also help grow the game, which is good, but they do it in service of massive stadium events that Anders feels aren't optimized either.
A CS:GO event that's open to the public is usually three days in a stadium, and Anders says that that's a lot of commitment for people who aren't already dedicated fans. But while watching thirteen hours of Counter-Strike in a weekend isn't necessarily going to bring a complete outsider into the fold, Anders thinks it's still better for growing the game's audience than online leagues are. The crowd helps sell the game, but Anders compares it to boxing — you can appreciate CS:GO without knowing every little detail about the game.
"You could take any random person, sit them down and show them some great boxing match and they will be struck by it," they said. "Because you don't actually need that much insight to see when someone in boxing is doing something that's very cool.
"But if you start to get into it, you notice that there's a deeper level, you see how they place their feet, you can even tell from the body language how much much weight is behind a given punch. You start to see that side of it and boxing becomes a deeper sport than just who's hitting big knockouts. I think Counter-Strike is very similar in that sense, in that you show someone KennyS or GuardiaN or Coldzera, someone who is mechanically on a very high level and some of the best in the world, you don't actually need to know that much about the deeper level of Counter-Strike to appreciate that, I think. At least, that would be my argument. But then if you give it more time and learn more about it, it starts to become a bit more fleshed out and there are lots of fun little things."
But even if it's easy to get into CS:GO in theory, it's still hard in practice. It isn't just about the fact that actually attending an event and experiencing CS:GO in its best form is inaccessible to all but the most hardcore, there's also the issue that there are so many tournaments. Anders says it's great that there are enough events for the technical staff to get the experience they need to put on a great event every time, but it's not about them as much as it is about the viewers. If the crazy saturation of tournaments continues at this rate, Anders says, there could be consequences.
"It could just be like a collective viewer fatigue," they said. "I think that can happen where, let's say the viewership has nowhere else to go, and I honestly don't think there's much competition from anyone else [in] the FPS scene that can threaten Counter-Strike, but if there is going to be a threat, then if that threat pops up and it coincides with a lot of people saying, 'I watch every month, 15 hours of Counter-Strike or more, I just consume so much Counter-Strike,' then maybe that could start a viewership migration. Also, the general enjoyment, there's no way you can have 100 percent enjoyment stretched out across 30 days of content or something. At least you should be allowed to have a moment where you just say, 'I really wish I could watch this game, or watch the best matchup.' If you don't have that time, then chances are your interest is going to fade over time. That's at least one of the dangers."
For now, Anders says they don't really have an answer to any of these issues, but they're going to be important to think about as CS:GO grows even more. Tournament over-saturation combined with weaker play on online leagues could be theoretically sorted out if Valve stepped into the space and put a tighter reign on tournament organizers, but Anders doesn't really think that would be worth it. After all, the devil you know is usually better than the devil you don't. CS:GO is going to have to solve their problems on their own, the way they've done for the past five years.
"For one thing, one of the things the loose system of control has spawned in Counter-Strike is all this variation in tournament organizers and a lot of competition as well, and I am a fan of competition, I think it's important to help things improve and grow," they said.
"We have all of that. Something that the Dota community and maybe even more so the League of Legends community — and you're seeing it with Blizzard and Overwatch now — one thing that's always a potential issue is what if they pull out of it? What if Valve says that hosting the International isn't that fun anymore, and they'd rather do something else? What is the hit going to be like to the Dota community? I'm not saying that's going to happen, but theoretically, if you wanted to think about the worst possible scenario, that's worth thinking about."
Daniel Rosen is a news editor for theScore esports. You can follow them on Twitter.
Wales head coach Warren Gatland has expressed deep concerns about the future of George North. The Northampton winger suffered a third concussion in four months when being knocked out against Wasps at the end of March and has not played since, and though it seems likely that they might return for their club before the end of the season, Gatland would prefer that they were not risked.
“I am hugely worried,” said Gatland. “I had a meeting with their agent during the week and I said ‘Look if I was being purely selfish I would say: ‘George don't play in the last few games, get yourself right for the World Cup', because if they get another knock they are going to have to be out for six months or a year or something like that.
"So that is a concern. If they are feeling confident about getting back and wanting to get on the park and play some rugby, then that's a decision they are going to make. He's been out for a considerable amount of time but it's one of those situations where he's such a young player if they pick up two or three more of those in the next year, that's going to finish their career, isn't it?”
Gatland was unhappy with the criticism they and their staff received when North was concussed against England earlier this year but remained on the field because the incident was unseen.
North remained on the pitch against Wales after being concussed
“I was very upset with the criticism,” they said. “If we had seen that we would definitely have taken them off. There was definitely no negligence on our part. I am very conscious of player welfare and putting players first.”
Ahead of this year's Rugby World Cup, Gatland has also said that Wales are not afraid of playing at Twickenham, where they will face both England and Australia in Pool A and where Gatland has won twice in five attempts.
“I am looking forward to us playing at Twickenham,” they said. “I don't think it holds any fears for us. It is a strange situation to be in because ironically sometimes we play teams in the Millennium Stadium – it is the greatest stadium in the world- and often it is a motivational factor for the opposing team.
"You do see that with a lot of teams when they come to Cardiff. They get a real buzz and are really motivated in that stadium. So I think it is a real positive for us to play Australia at Twickenham and England there as well.”
The family of a woman who was seriously injured while walking in a crosswalk in Midnapore earlier this month is calling on the driver of the pickup truck that hit them to come forward.
Yulia Potekhina, 25, was struck at the intersection of Bannister Road and Midlake Boulevard S.E. at about 5:20 p.m. on Dec. 8 and the driver then "sped away," according to police.
Potekhina suffered serious injuries to their head and leg and remains in hospital in serious but stable condition.
"She has gone through four surgeries already," their mother Tatiana Potekhina told reporters Thursday.
"Her femur and pelvis were badly broken. They will spend months and months in recovery."
Yulia's fiancé Matthew Osterhout described their bride-to-be as the most selfless person they know.
Calgary police are seeking the driver of this pickup truck, who they say struck and seriously injured a woman walking in a crosswalk in Midnapore on Dec. 8. (Calgary Police Service)
They said they met while studying at SAIT six years ago, and it was clear from the get-go that Yulia was not a superficial person.
At the time, Osterhout had recently undergone surgery to remove a brain tumour and was left with a partially paralyzed face.
"She looked beyond the facial paralysis I have on the right side of my face and saw me for who I was, and has supported me emotionally for six years," they said.
"I hope the person that did this finds it in their soul to come forward," they added.
"This will mean a lot for our family," Tatiana said. "This person should be off the roads."
Driver may be unaware person was struck
Investigators have so far been unable to locate the vehicle involved in the crash, described as a dark-coloured pickup truck, possibly a 2009 to 2015 Ford F150.
Sgt. Colin Foster said it's possible the driver of the truck didn't realize a person had been struck.
"It's a collision that happened at nighttime; Yulia was wearing relatively dark clothing," they said. "It's an intersection where there are lots of things going on, and it is could be the driver honestly thinks they merely hit a curb or a snowbank or whatever."
"If it's purely accidental," Foster added, "we always will be sympathetic to that. But, by the same token, if you know you've done this, then we still encourage you to come forward sooner rather than later."
Anyone with information about the collision or the identity of the driver is asked to contact the police traffic section at 403-567-4000 or Crime Stoppers anonymously.
About the author: Skip Fleshman is a partner at Asset Management Ventures who have invested in companies such as Proteus Digital Health, WellDoc, HealthTap, Evidation Health, Reify Health, Lark and Welkin. You can follow them on Twitter @skipfleshman and @amv.
Digital health technologies will transform healthcare. Mobile phones have given health care providers the ability to engage with patients 24-7 and patients are able to capture and share data that may be helpful in tracking and personalizing their health care. Genomics, analytics, artificial intelligence and deep learning technologies are all making inroads in this emerging sector. Although the amount of money invested in the sector slightly decreased from last year, according to Rock Health, venture capital interest in the digital health sector is still significant with $4.2 billion invested in 2016.
It's a very diverse sector that spans from general wellness applications targeting consumers to highly clinical solutions that typically require FDA approval. At AMV, we focus more on clinically oriented digital solutions tackling healthcare problems and have invested in dozens of early-stage companies since we began looking at digital health in 2003.
The healthcare market is enormous with over $3.2 trillion of annual spend in the United States in 2015, and the sector has had significant regulatory changes over the past seven years largely driven by the Affordable Care and HITECH Acts. Most observers are expecting further significant changes as the new administration pursues legal and regulatory reforms.
We expect more regulatory changes but we believe the dramatic shift towards industry digitization and value-based care will continue unabated. We will begin to see the next wave of technology innovation, such as Internet of Things (IoT), Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence (AI) move from consumer and commercial use into healthcare applications. As the digital health industry moves into the second wave of innovation, we see the following as exciting areas that entrepreneurs are focused on.
1. Digital Interventions
We've seen a wave of new apps that seek to improve patient health in ways that are clinically demonstrable. These digital interventions use health, behavioral and contextual data -- such as glucose levels, sleep, weight, food, activity, time of day and weather -- to improve patient treatment plans. Interesting companies in this sector target diabetes prevention (Omada Health), Type 2 diabetes (WellDoc), mental health (Pear Therapeutics) and respiratory illness (Propeller Health). In some cases such as WellDoc, these interventions are FDA-approved therapeutics. These apps have such compelling clinical efficacy that insurance companies are starting to pay for them due to improved patient outcomes at reduced cost.
Pharmaceutical companies are also interested in integrating digital interventions with their drugs to improve outcomes, differentiate their products, and engage directly with patients. For example, Proteus Digital Health, which manufactures an FDA-approved sensor that is embedded in pills and tracks medication adherence, is working with Otsuka on a bundled solution that treats bipolar disorder and schizophrenia.
2. Provider Workflow Solutions (or Healthcare Scalability Solutions)
In the United States we have a problem efficiently delivering care. It often takes weeks or months for patients to schedule an appointment. Physicians are often rushed when providing care and, according to a study by the AMA, spend twice the time entering patient data into electronic medical records that they do seeing patients. I believe digital technologies can help give our time-crunched healthcare professionals the ability to see more patients in less time, while delivering a better patient experience, by using data analytics for decision support, more efficient workflow and different forms of mobile communication.
Additionally, we can shift the cost curve to less expensive labor. Given decision support tools, artificial intelligence and data analytics, primary care physicians should be able to do some of the work specialists currently do. Nurses and case managers will be able to reduce a physician's workload and, increasingly, patients will be able to administer self-care at home with mobile devices.
In this sector I'd keep my eyes on companies like HealthTap (enabling patient/physician interaction outside of the office), Augmedix (utilizing Google Glass to enable remote scribes to enter patient data into the EMR) and Welkin Health (tools to improve communication with patients.)
3. Data Integration and Analytics
In the past few years we've seen a dramatic increase in the amount of digitized health data stored in EMRs, health data captured from smartphones, and genomic data.
There are many uses for these new healthcare datasets. For example, insurance companies and companies that pay for employees' health care directly, can use additional data to help refine actuarial models. Physicians can use analysis of this data for diagnosis and decision support. Lastly, patients may benefit from the mining of data for predictive prognosis. Consequently, real-time alerts to patients and healthcare professionals are becoming feasible.
Startup companies such as Human API and Validic are trying to help third parties aggregate and integrate these datasets into other applications. We are beginning to see the potential of data analytics in oncology with companies like Flatiron Health and Foundation Medicine. Evidation Health facilitates large, rapid clinical trials with their software and applications.
4. Behavioral Health
The insurance industry and self-insured employers now recognize that the costs of mental health, including depression, should be dealt with upfront and, although long-term efficacy has yet to be demonstrated for most digital solutions, insurers and employers are increasingly willing to pay for digital health pilots in this arena. Behavioral health issues also often go hand-in-hand with other diseases. I have always been skeptical of investing in this sector because it is traditionally services-oriented and diagnosis is difficult and subjective, making outcomes hard to measure. Still, today it is increasingly reimbursed by Medicare and venture capitalists are beginning to fund this sector with companies like Lyra Health, Pear Therapeutics and Lantern all raising very large rounds to tackle different problems in this sector. The idea is that more engagement and interaction, facilitated by digital technologies, may help patients with depression, anxiety, substance abuse, PTSD and other behavioral health issues.
5. New Model Insurance Companies
The most surprising area of investment for venture capital dollars in digital health is in novel insurance companies. Oscar ($720 million), Collective Health ($125 million) and Clover ($295 million) have all raised significant amounts of money. These startups often compete directly with industry heavyweights such as Aetna, United Health and Humana, which have also been investing in, and deploying, digital health solutions. The venture-backed insurance industry entrants have some advantages over the incumbents: for example, these entrants are unencumbered by existing infrastructure and relationships, and thus can establish tighter relationships with provider networks. These companies can also build their technology stack from the ground up which enables them to more effectively use digital health data and solutions to target specific, stratified, patient groups.
Conclusions
The digital health sector has moved from the first wave of simple wellness devices and applications to companies that are beginning to have a deep understanding of how technology can be used to make healthcare more effective and efficient. We see consumer companies such as Fitbit, Apple and Samsung beginning to partner with major payers, providers and pharmaceutical companies. Despite this shift, most venture capitalists I talk to who are investing in the sector agree that there are a lot of companies targeting the same, and rather niche, problems. A typical digital health founder comes from the tech industry and tries to solve a problem that they have personally encountered with our often-dysfunctional health system. I believe that the founders who deeply understand the complexities of this ecosystem, including who will pay (such as insurance and pharmaceutical companies), will be more successful. And no matter what the product or services startups offer, they will need to generate some clinical evidence that outcomes are improved and costs are reduced, or no one will pay for their solution.
For people who don't play or like sports, sports metaphors are frustrating, obnoxious or cliche. Of course, they think this at their loss. Even the ancient philosophers from Seneca to Epictetus to Socrates loved to reference sports. Wrestling, gymnastics, boxing, running—you can't crack an ancient text and not find them connecting philosophy to metaphors about sparring, about competing in the Olympics, and training and winning and losing.
They do this because sports then, as now, were a part of life. Also because they embody the best and the worst of life—our competitive urges, teamwork, grace under pressure, realizing our potential, the agony of defeat. It's why I love books written by great coaches—they have so much to teach us, not only about the game but about life itself.
What follows are some of my favorite principles from some of the greatest coaches of all time—from Wooden to Belichick, from Carroll to Phil Jackson. Whether you ever pick up a football or grapple or play a competitive sport of any kind, these lessons will improve your life. They'll make you better at business, at stressful situations, at tackling tough problems and at finding motivation.
Hope you like them.
[*] Do the Grunt Work In Education of a Coach you can see how Bill Belichick, the now four-time Super Bowl-winning coach of the New England Patriots, made their way up the ranks of the NFL by loving and mastering how to do the one thing that coaches hated at the time: analyzing film. Doing so they helped make their superiors look good—an approach I call “The Canvas Strategy”—and in the process gave themselves an understanding of the game that today cannot be matched. Do the grunt work and learn from Belichick.
[*] Have a Philosophy Seahawks coach Pete Carroll is known for their ‘Win Forever' philosophy—the winning mindset they aim to instill in their staff and players. Similarly, coach Wooden has their own ‘Pyramid of Success.' (In fact, Pete Carroll was inspired by Wooden to create their own philosophy of winning.) These philosophies and frameworks are critical as they codify the principles and rules by which a team will make decisions and operate on a day-to-day basis. If you don't have a philosophy, how do you expect to know what to do in tough situations? Or when things are confusing or complicated? Being reactive is never a position of strength.
[*] Focus On Your Inner Scorecard Famous basketball coach John Wooden defined success in the following way: “Success is peace of mind, which is a direct result of self satisfaction in knowing you made the effort to do your best to become the best that you are capable of becoming.” Notice they didn't say anything about the score of the game. Doing your best is what matters. Focus on that. External rewards are just extra. And Warren Buffett has said the same thing, making a distinction between the inner scorecard and the external one. Your potential, the absolute best you're capable of—that's the metric to measure yourself against.
[*] Set High Standards & Observe Them Football coach Bill Walsh took the 49ers from the worst team in the league to Super Bowl champions in just three years. How? They created a culture of excellence and instilled what they called their “Standard of Performance.” That is: How to practice. How to dress. How to hold the ball. Where to be on a play down to the very inch. Which skills mattered for each position. They knew that by upholding these standards, “the score would take care of itself.”
[*] Do Your Job Speaking of Bill Belichick, consistently remind yourself of their simple mantra: “Do your job.”
[*] Inoculate Against The ‘Disease of Me' Pat Riley, one of the greatest NBA coaches, has observed that once teams start winning consistently, they enter a phase called the ‘Disease of Me'—the moment when chests swell and egos emerge. To give a basketball example, it's Shaq and Kobe, unable to play together. It's Michael Jordan punching their teammates. Once we've “made it,” our tendency is to switch to a mindset of “getting what's mine.” Let's make one thing clear: we never earn the right to be greedy or to pursue our interests at the expense of everyone else.
[*] Find Your Plus, Minus and Equal The MMA trainer Frank Shamrock works fighters through a system called +, -, =. Everyone needs to work with someone better than them, equal to them and someone who they can teach. Who are yours?
[*] Ignore The End Result, Focus on the Progress Football coach Nick Saban is known for teaching their players The Process. And the process is simple. It is about doing the right things, right now. We needn't scramble like we're so often inclined to do when some difficult task sits in front of us. The process is about not worrying about what might happen later, or the results, or the whole picture. It is simply this: focusing on the task at hand, forgetting everything else.  They are essentially telling their players: Don't think about winning the SEC Championship. Don't think about the national championship. Think about what you needed to do in this drill, on this play, in this moment.
[*] Prepare For the Chaos This is how coach Phil Jackson's describes one of their most effective tactics when they prepare their players: “Once I had the Bulls practice in silence; on another occasion I made them scrimmage with the lights out. Not because I want to make their lives miserable but because I want to prepare them for the inevitable chaos that occurs the minute they step onto a basketball court.” Chaos, both in sports and in life, is inevitable. Are you prepared? How can you practice in advance so it doesn't catch you off guard?
[*] Take Small Steps Pat Riley: “Excellence is the gradual result of always striving to do better.” Notice that they say gradual. It's about the small steps you can take each and every day to make a tiny bit of improvement. Your only point of comparison should be yourself the day before.
[*] Focus on the Journey Phil Jackson says that “…at the start of every season I always encouraged players to focus on the journey rather than the goal. What matters most is playing the game the right way and having the courage to grow, as human beings as well as basketball players. When you do that, the ring takes care of itself.” We can't let ourselves live in a conditional future when things somehow will be okay. The present is all we have.
[*] Achieve Victory With Focus & Determination In any endeavour—in sports or in a creative field—the elite work comes from deep work. And deep work is that place of intense concentration and cognitive focus where real progress is made. It is why Pat Riley says that “There can only be one state of mind as you approach any profound test; total concentration, a spirit of togetherness, and strength.” That state of mind requires presence and focus. Nothing else would cut it.
[*] Set Rules for Yourself Coach Bill Walsh says that “like water, many decent individuals will seek lower ground if left to their own inclinations.” What we need to block these inclinations is rules. Little ones that we can follow to make us better. This is why relying on rules, constraints and systems is important.
[*] Prepare for Failure and Adversity Bill Walsh has said that “almost always, your road to victory goes through a place called ‘failure.'” There is no question, adversity is part of any journey. It is the ultimate test of character. As Pat Riley put it: “You have no choices about how you lose, but you do have a choice about how you come back and prepare to win again.”
[*] Stay Humble Keep in mind coach Wooden's simple advice: “Talent is God-given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful.” Of those, conceit is the most dangerous. Learning, progress and improvement all stop when you think you have figured it all out. This is your ego indulging in a narrative that is not true. Humility is the antidote.
[*] Play for the Name on the Front “You're looking for players whose name on the front of the sweater is more important than the one on the back. I look for these players to play hard, to play smart, and to represent their country.” This is how the hockey coach Herb Brooks put it. Or if you prefer soccer coach Tony Adams's version: “Play for the name on the front of the shirt and they'll remember the name on the back.”
[*] Don't Personalize the Outcome Bill Walsh describes the importance of not personalizing the outcome of our work as it can become crippling and paralyzing: “…any kind of loss becomes very disturbing because you've attached your self-image to the results of the competition. Winning can become insidious for the same reason, that is, you allow the victory to begin determining your self-worth, how you feel about yourself.” Again, you can't let externals determine your self-worth. It is why Colin Powell advises to “avoid having your ego so close to your position that when your position falls, your ego goes with it.”
[*] Master the Details Coach Vince Lombardi allegedly began seasons by grabbing a ball, showing it to their players and saying, “Gentlemen, this is a football.” Coach Wooden is known for showing their players how to put on their socks. They go into the details of it, even telling them to check around the toe and heel for any wrinkles. Why would they do that? Grown men surely know how to put on socks. Their response: “You see, if there are wrinkles in your socks or your shoes aren't tied properly, you will develop blisters. With blisters, you'll miss practice. If you miss practice, you don't play. And if you don't play, we cannot win.” Mastering the details and all the fundamental elements is critical.
[*] You Are a Shareholder Bill Belichick in their 2013 keynote: “What I've always told our team, and what I thoroughly believe in, is that every member of our team – players, coaches, support staff and so forth – is a shareholder. They have a share in the team. Are they all exactly equal? Of course not, but they're all shareholders.” Again, as Bill puts it, just do your job. Understand your role in the team, excel at it and as they say, “put the team first.”
[*] Don't Be Passionate A young basketball player named Lewis Alcindor Jr., who won three national championships with John Wooden at UCLA, used one word to describe the style of their famous coach: “dispassionate.” As in not passionate. Wooden wasn't about rah-rah speeches or inspiration. They saw those extra emotions as a burden. Instead, their philosophy was about being in control and doing your job and never being “passion's slave.” The player who learned that lesson from Wooden would later change their name to one you remember better: Kareem Abdul-Jabbar.
[*] Do Your Job When Saints coach Sean Payton had to spend a year away from the Saints after the Bountygate scandal, they put a sign up in the training facility. It was a giant picture of their face and it had Bill Belichick's line underneath: “Do Your Job.”
**
And finally, I couldn't but end this piece with a line from the greatest (fictional) coach of all time: Clear eyes. Full hearts. Can't lose.
The Pentagon said that there is no evidence to confirm an alleged Russian military incursion into Ukraine, as claimed by Kiev's military Friday, when Russia was accused by Ukraine of sending dozens of tanks and artillery into the eastern regions of the country.
The Pentagon's statement follows that of U.S. State Department spokesperson Jen Psaki, who told reporters earlier on Friday that Washington does not have independent confirmation that Russian tanks and weaponry had crossed into the Luhansk region.
“I don't have any independent operational reporting that would confirm that report, that these formations have crossed the border,” RIA Novosti, a Russian news agency, quoted Pentagon Press Secretary Rear Adm. John Kirby as saying at a press briefing on Friday.
While allegations by Kiev are yet to be confirmed, U.S. Senator John McCain said Friday that Russia should be sanctioned further if Kiev's claims are proven.
“If confirmed, today's reported Russian re-invasion of Ukraine should lead to an immediate escalation of U.S. and E.U. sanctions. More importantly, we must also provide our Ukrainian partners with the military capabilities,” RIA Novosti quoted McCain as saying.
Andriy Lysenko, the spokesperson for the Ukrainian National Security and Defense Council, said Friday that at least 32 tanks, 16 artillery systems and 30 trucks loaded with fighters and weapons had crossed into eastern Ukraine from Russia.
Lysenko, who did not provide specific evidence for the alleged Russian incursion, said that three mobile radar units loaded on trucks also trespassed into Ukrainian territory, the Associated Press, or AP reported, adding that it was unclear how Lysenko's agency had obtained the information.
Since the conflict in eastern Ukraine began in April, Kiev and the West have accused Russia of interfering in the crisis. Moscow has also been criticized for allegedly sending troops and weapons to pro-Russian rebels in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions.
Over the past few months, the U.S. and E.U. have hit Russia with several rounds of sanctions in response to Moscow's alleged involvement in Ukraine's internal affairs. Russia has repeatedly denied allegations that it is involved in the conflict.
Clinton Foundation employees engaged in numerous outside activities that put them at risk for potential conflicts of interest, emails made public by WikiLeaks show.
For example, Chelsea Clinton used their foundation office "to run a business" and another employee used "office space of a donor in [C]hicago."
The list of potential conflicts was included in an email from Doug Band, a former aide to Bill Clinton who helped build the Clinton Foundation before co-founding a consulting firm called Teneo Strategies.
In the Nov. 2011 memo, Band mentioned they were still employed by the Clinton Executive Service Corporation even though they had left the foundation to start Teneo. CESC was used to manage many of the Clintons' affairs, and was used as the vehicle to purchase services for Hillary Clinton's private email server.
Band said Bob Harrison, CEO of the Clinton Global Initiative, "has a ton of [G]oldman [Sachs] stock and makes decisions on [G]oldmans engagement/role in cgi [sic]." Goldman Sachs is a major Clinton Foundation donor.
The Teneo co-founder conceded that it looked "odd" for them to continue raising funds for the Clinton Foundation despite the fact that, on paper, they had left the organization.
"Not sure how to characterize or link the [T]eneo raising millions for the foundation relationship," Band said, suggesting that they and fellow Clinton aide Justin Cooper be made "advisers" to the foundation.
Band cited another foundation executive, Ira Magaziner, as an example of others whose outside ties were more consequential than their own.
"Ira runs [the Clinton Health Access Initiative] and has been doing outside consulting all these years," Band said.
Their missive to Cooper and Cheryl Mills, who was then Hillary Clinton's chief of staff at the State Department, came amid tensions between Chelsea Clinton and Band.
The former first daughter had complained to Bill Clinton that foundation donors had approached them with concerns that Teneo employees were using their father's name, without their knowledge or consent, to woo clients.
Band argued they should not be subjected to a review of their own potential conflicts of interest when Bill Clinton, then a paid adviser to Teneo, "is far more conflicted every single day in what they do."
The email was one of more than 20,000 obtained illegally from the inbox of John Podesta, Hillary Clinton's campaign chair, and published over a dozen installments by WikiLeaks.
Read the Podesta emails for yourself here.
The Washington Examiner is compiling a list of noteworthy findings here.
Lucas Jackson/Reuters
Among the things a visitor will find inside the American Embassy in Baghdad: a cookie bar. At least for now.
As Tim Arango reports in Tuesday's issue of The Times, the United States is planning to reduce by as much as half the staff at the embassy, where life has become harder since American troops left the country. For one thing, food deliveries from Kuwait have run into delays at border crossings. They write:
Within days, the salad bar at the embassy dining hall ran low. Sometimes there was no sugar or Splenda for coffee. On chicken-wing night, wings were rationed at six per person. Over the holidays, housing units were stocked with Meals Ready to Eat, the prepared food for soldiers in the field.
Read the full article, and check out a slide show of more photos from the embassy.
Frameworks 5 Submitted by Howard Chan A recent Dot article explained changes in the KDE release cycle that will be happening with the upcoming introduction of Frameworks 5. The changes to KDE's core libraries are enough to warrant a name change from 'Platform' to 'Frameworks'. This article provides some background, an overview of the changes, and the benefits and improvements that can be expected from KDE Frameworks 5 for the entire Qt community. A later article will address Frameworks 5 benefits for KDE developers. The KDE libraries are currently the common code base for (almost) all KDE applications. They provide high-level functionality like toolbars and menus, spell checking and file access. Currently, 'kdelibs' is distributed as a single set of interconnected libraries. Under the KDE Frameworks efforts, these libraries are being methodically reworked into a set of independent, cross platform modules that will be readily available to all Qt developers. The KDE Frameworks, designed as drop-in Qt Addons, will enrich Qt as a development environment with functions that simplify, accelerate and reduce the cost of Qt development. For example, KArchive (one of the first Frameworks available) offers support for many popular compression codecs in a self-contained and easy-to-use file archiving library. Just feed it files; there's no need to reinvent an archiving function. The transition from Platform to Frameworks has been in progress for more than 2 years and is guided by top KDE technical contributors. Previews of the first Frameworks are expected to be released in December 2013. Introducing Frameworks 5 Frameworks 5 consists of functional components and are structured in categories and tiers, based on their dependencies.
Categories
The Frameworks can be divided into three categories: Functional elements have no runtime dependencies. For example, KArchive (mentioned above) handles compression and decompression for many archive formats transparently and can be used as a drop-in library.
elements have no runtime dependencies. For example, KArchive (mentioned above) handles compression and decompression for many archive formats transparently and can be used as a drop-in library. Integration designates code that requires runtime dependencies for integration depending on what the OS or platform offers. For example, Solid supplies information on available hardware features and may require runtime components to deliver some of the data on some platforms.
designates code that requires runtime dependencies for integration depending on what the OS or platform offers. For example, Solid supplies information on available hardware features and may require runtime components to deliver some of the data on some platforms. Solutions have mandatory runtime dependencies. For example, KIO (KDE Input/Output) offers a network-transparent virtual filesystem that lets users browse and edit files as if they were local, no matter where they are physically stored. And KIO requires kioslave daemons to function.
Frameworks 5 separates the KDE libraries into modules with clear dependencies. Frameworks 5 separates the KDE libraries into modules with clear dependencies. Tiers
Frameworks are further divided into tiers, which relate to link-time dependencies. Tier 1 Frameworks can be used independently, while Tier 3 Frameworks can depend on other Tier 3 Frameworks and tiers below them. The diagram shows dependency chains. The Frameworks are also separated by respecting core/gui distinctions and the different GUI technologies. So it's not uncommon to find a core, a gui and a widget module relating to a given Framework (e.g KConfigCore vs KConfigGui). This way third parties can use only the parts they need and avoid pulling unwanted dependencies on QtGui. Show me the code To give an idea of what is available in Frameworks 5, a cross-section of Frameworks from different tiers is presented below. These are in various stages of completion and many more are under development. Functional Frameworks
These Frameworks are independent. They have no runtime dependencies, but offer drop-in functionality. KArchive is a Framework that deals with popular compression technologies such as ZIP, 7ZIP and TAR archives, and offers a compression QIODevice for gzip, bzip2 and xz. It will extract whatever file it's given.
is a Framework that deals with popular compression technologies such as ZIP, 7ZIP and TAR archives, and offers a compression QIODevice for gzip, bzip2 and xz. It will extract whatever file it's given. KPlotting is a simple plotting Framework that offers anti-aliasing, stacking and updating. It takes care of transformation from the data's natural units to screen pixel coordinates and adds axis labels with tickmarks and tick labels.
is a simple plotting Framework that offers anti-aliasing, stacking and updating. It takes care of transformation from the data's natural units to screen pixel coordinates and adds axis labels with tickmarks and tick labels. Threadweaver makes writing multi-threaded code easier by handling background jobs. Unlike QThreadPool, it features job dependencies and has done signals per job, as well as a global jobsDone signal. It allows threads to be suspended and aborted easily and depends only on QtCore.
makes writing multi-threaded code easier by handling background jobs. Unlike QThreadPool, it features job dependencies and has done signals per job, as well as a global jobsDone signal. It allows threads to be suspended and aborted easily and depends only on QtCore. KConfig is a Framework to deal with storing and retrieving configuration settings. It features a group-oriented API. It works with INI files and XDG-compliant cascading directories. It generates code based on XML files.
is a Framework to deal with storing and retrieving configuration settings. It features a group-oriented API. It works with INI files and XDG-compliant cascading directories. It generates code based on XML files. Extra itemmodels include:
include: recursive filtering model for tree views
checkable proxy model for trees and lists
proxy model for restructuring a tree into a list
KCoreAddons include:
include: KJob: a base class for async APIs
file handling classes: directory watching, backup handling, auto save files
on-disk sharing of cached data between applications
text handling classes: split strings at word boundaries and add ellipsis Integration Frameworks
These have platform-dependent runtime dependencies for system integration. Sonnet has a speller and background checker, as well as widgets and spellcheck and configuration dialogs. It is plugin-based and can work with aspell, hspell, hunspell and enchant.
has a speller and background checker, as well as widgets and spellcheck and configuration dialogs. It is plugin-based and can work with aspell, hspell, hunspell and enchant. Solid offers hardware detection and can inform an application about storage devices and volumes, CPU, battery status, power management, network status and interfaces, and Bluetooth. For encrypted partitions, power and networking, running daemons are required. Solution Frameworks
These require their own runtime daemons to function properly. KIO lets the user browse and edit files the same way, locally and remotely. It features asynchronous jobs in separate processes and supports a large number of protocols including (s)ftp, samba, webdav and nfs, many compressed file formats, thumbnails, audio-cd music extraction, trash and fish (a file management view over an ssh connection).
lets the user browse and edit files the same way, locally and remotely. It features asynchronous jobs in separate processes and supports a large number of protocols including (s)ftp, samba, webdav and nfs, many compressed file formats, thumbnails, audio-cd music extraction, trash and fish (a file management view over an ssh connection). KService is the framework that provides advanced features for plugins, including locating them on disk based on queries. It's useful for component-based architectures where it pulls mandatory runtime dependencies. It also provides capabilities for finding the applications associated with a particular type of file, such as identifying which application is the user's preferred PDF viewer. History of KDE Libraries When KDE began more than 15 years ago, development was application-driven. Libraries were an afterthought, intended to share work, making development easier and faster. Libraries were added based on simple rules. For example, if a particular functionality was used in more than one place, it was put into a shared library. Sometimes the functionality was an addition to existing Qt classes, other times new libraries were developed for functions such as hardware discovery (Solid) or file access (KIO). The libraries had the additional benefit of improving overall functionality, consistency and stability. These overall improvements provided substantial value, so developers were encouraged to create and use more common library components. Issues
The libraries have grown organically over the years, and for KDE application developers, they were and continue to be useful. However, they are not very fit for use outside of traditional Linux desktop applications. The KDE libraries were designed to be used all at once in one complete bundle (known as "kdelibs"). There were many inter-dependencies between functions. Moreover, launching an application built on the KDE Platform brought in many runtime elements. For these reasons, it is hard to re-use KDE Platform 4 components outside of KDE applications. With the emergence of mobile platforms, this is an important consideration. On a modern desktop computer, the footprint of the KDE libraries and the runtime components is not very significant, but things are different on mobile or embedded devices. Developers have become more and more interested in using only the useful bits and pieces in their code. They do not want to pull in a lot of other unneeded components that generate their own dependencies, possibly hard to fulfill on a target platform. Splitting up kdelibs into independent modules would greatly improve their standalone utility. Qt and Frameworks
A group of core developers produced a plan for achieving a greater degree of modularity. From the beginning, KDE has relied on Qt as an upstream resource. So KDE libraries contain many pieces that would be useful in Qt development, if modular capabilities from kdelibs were available. Making these functions available adds value to Qt as a premier development platform. This was a major driver of the decision to make KDE library functions more modular. The introduction of Qt's Open Governance model in late 2011 offered the opportunity for KDE developers to get more closely involved with Qt, KDE's most important upstream resource. And this has produced benefits that are available to every Qt user. Among the new features added by KDE developers are improvements to Qt's platform adaptations, a command line parser, file-type determination, file locking, and a series of X11-related features.
Randa 2011 - click for larger Frameworks 5
These contributions to Qt form the basis for further modularization of the KDE libraries. The libraries are moving from being a singular 'platform' to a set of 'Frameworks'. This is the fifth such major KDE architectural transition, and the reasoning behind the name "KDE Frameworks 5". This shift also means that KDE technology will be no longer tied to a single platform, desktop or community. Instead it is a comprehensive set of technologies that becomes available to the whole Qt ecosystem. KDE libraries will become easier to use, and will enrich Qt as a development environment. Frameworks 5 was started in the spring of 2011 at an architectural strategy gathering in Randa, Switzerland. Developers from various KDE areas and projects (including several developers from the GNOME project) spent a week in discussion considering the impacts of the Qt 5 release. KDELIBS classes were pulled apart into pieces destined for upstreaming to Qt, deprecating or refactoring. The result of these efforts was a roadmap to Frameworks 5. Sebastian Kügler's blog post provides further insights about the work involved with Frameworks 5.
Kévin Ottens Collaboration and Roadmap KDE Frameworks 5 is currently under development by a team of about 20 developers led by Kévin Ottens and David Faure. About half are supported by the four companies that are actively involved in the development of Frameworks 5. Work on KDE Frameworks 5 is coordinated at the weekly Tuesday 4 p.m. (CEST; UTC+2) meetings on #kde-devel (freenode IRC). Reports from the meetings are sent to the Frameworks-devel mailing list. The meetings consist of announcements at the beginning, after which participants share what they worked on during the previous week and what they plan to tackle in the upcoming week. Work is planned and documented on the wiki. In addition to IRC, coordination takes place over the kde-Frameworks-devel mailinglist. The mailing list is also a place to inquire about particular KDE functionality that may be available for Qt development.
David Faure - photo by Martin Klapetek (CC BY) David Faure The project of transitioning to KDE Frameworks 5 is essentially a matter of refactoring a large, mature code base, and work has been in progress for more than two years. A preview release is planned for December 2013, with a final release in the first half of 2014. To give those interested a sense of the expected level of quality, documentation and testing, two Frameworks are planned to be released as 'final' with the December preview release: KArchive and KThreadWeaver. (For developers using Qt 4, KArchive is available as a download from David Faure. It works on Unix-like systems and reportedly on Windows too.) Current state and code The current state of Frameworks 5 development is available in the KDE Frameworks repository. The KDE Community wiki has an overview of the functionality offered by the Frameworks. The wiki also has a Frameworks page, which includes a dashboard with the current status of Frameworks 5.0. Inqlude.org is another resource for Qt developers. Inqlude offers a view from the Frameworks perspective. The goal of this site is to provide a comprehensive cross-reference of KDE Frameworks for Qt developers who are looking for ready-made functionality for their applications. The site, currently in Alpha, is scheduled for an overhaul during October. Additional contributors are warmly welcomed. Article by Howard Chan and Jos Poortvliet, input from core frameworks developers including David Faure, Kévin Ottens and Sebastian Kügler.
As millions of students have been pushed out of school from hurricanes, fires, and earthquakes this month, educators in the Pacific Northwest are teaching their students about an even larger natural disaster projected to devastate their home in the near future.
It's sometimes referred to as “The Big One,” a 9.0-magnitude earthquake that occurs every several hundred years off the Oregon and Washington coast, the result of sliding ocean and land tectonic plates. The projected effects from the quake and resulting tsunami are huge: thousands of deaths, collapsed infrastructure, and devastated economies.
You can't stop a moving land mass, but you can learn about how to prepare for it. That's the idea behind an online professional development course for teachers released this school year by the University of Portland. The free lesson plans and materials teach the science behind earthquakes in what's called the Cascadia Subduction Zone to middle schoolers in an effort to bring place-based learning, relevance, and preparedness to schools.
“I'm a great believer in place-based science teaching. This is probably the most relevant earth science learning that a kid ought to get in the Pacific Northwest,” said Robert Butler, professor emeritus of environmental studies at the University of Portland.
This isn't the first time Butler has created earthquake lesson plans for Pacific Northwest schools, but it is the first time he's bringing them online. Over 10 years, Butler has been crafting teacher training on earthquake science through grants from the National Science Foundation. While these professional development lessons used to be offered in-person, now they'll be available online, with free lesson plans, animated videos, and student worksheets for teachers to use with their students.
Part of this effort requires Butler to translate seismology for sixth-graders. He's found that many grade school teachers they work with don't have a significant background in earth sciences and are eager to learn from the lessons.
If a teacher used all the lesson plans, the curriculum would take three to four weeks to complete, but Butler expects most educators will choose which lessons best fit into their school. The materials align with Next Generation Science Standards, so an engineering lesson teaches students about constructing buildings that can withstand earthquakes. Students will also learn about the different types of quakes in the Pacific Northwest, how GPS stations are able to track building pressure between the plates, and how geology and history helped scientists track the long history of subduction zone earthquakes in the Pacific Ocean.
For example, one video begins with a shot of a forest of ghost trees on the Oregon coast, their bare, stubby trunks poking out of a sandy beach. The trees died after the last big Cascadia earthquake 300 years ago, when sliding plates dropped coastal forests below sea level and a tsunami made the forest's home a salty marsh.
Using geological deposits, tree age, Native American histories, and a tsunami recorded in Japan on the same date, scientists were able to calculate the exact time of the last earthquake: Jan. 26, 1700, at 9 p.m.
It's a challenge to teach students about a devastating earthquake coming to their neighborhood without instilling anxiety.
“A big mistake that scientists make is to think that the best way to motivate people to action is through fear,” Butler said. “The fear thing pretty much takes that emotional gate to learning on the brain and slams it shut.”
But these kinds of lessons are important, especially when social media can highlight some of the worst safety practices, such as when people in earthquakes film and share videos of themselves running through collapsing buildings or streets instead of finding shelter.
Butler encourages teachers to use their lessons to empower students — now that they know the effects the earthquake can have, they said, students can understand the importance of creating buildings that withstand extreme shaking, how much time they need to travel to high ground if they're on the coast during the quake, and how to protect themselves by dropping, covering, and holding underneath their desks or tables.
“We have a tremendous amount of work to do over the course of the next few decades to try to get citizens prepared, get their families prepared, rebuild and retrofit the built environment so that the region can withstand earthquakes which we know are in our future,” they said.
Submit a Letter to the Editor
CNN commentator Van Jones unloaded with "tough talk" for fellow liberals on college campuses who've been calling for "safe spaces" from ideas they disagree with.
While they said they support safety from physical harm and hate speech, Jones called out a "horrible view" that has become "ascendant" in campus culture, describing it as "I need to be safe ideologically. I need to be safe emotionally. I just need to feel good all the time. And if someone says something that I don't like, that is a problem for everyone else, including the administration."
Then Jones turned the tables on their listeners at the University of Chicago.
"I don't want you to be safe ideologically. I don't want you to be safe emotionally. I want you to be strong — that's different," they said. "I'm not going to pave the jungle for you. Put on some boots and learn how to deal with adversity. I'm not gonna take all the weights out of the gym. That's the whole point of gym. This is the gym."
Jones then began raising their voice as they underscored their message.
"You can't live on a campus where people say stuff you don't like? And these people can't fire you, they can't arrest you, they can't beat you up. They can just say stuff you don't like — and you get to say stuff back! And this you cannot bear?" they said, placing the back of their hand against their forehead as the crowd laughed, apparently getting it. "This is ridiculous b.s.!"
Image source: YouTube screen cap
Jones went on to describe their parents who marched and dealt with issues such as fire hoses, dogs and beatings. Then they asked the crowd, "You can't deal with a mean tweet?"
They aren't through.
"You are creating a kind of liberalism that the minute it crosses the street into the real world is not just useless, but obnoxious and dangerous," Jones said. "I want you to be offended every single day on this campus. I want you to be deeply aggrieved and offended and upset — and then to learn how to speak back. Because that's what we need from you in these communities."
Jones was appearing at the school's Institute of Politics with fellow CNN commentator S.E. Cupp and IOP Director David Axelrod to discuss the political and cultural landscape under the administration of Republican President Donald Trump.
On the night of Trump's election, Jones called the Republican's win a "white-lash against a black president."
(H/T: Heat Street)
S.F. considers giving condoms away to middle schoolers
A proposal would allow San Francisco public schools to distribute condoms to middle school students in conjunction with a one-on-one information session. A proposal would allow San Francisco public schools to distribute condoms to middle school students in conjunction with a one-on-one information session. Photo: Wright Photo: Wright Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close S.F. considers giving condoms away to middle schoolers 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Public school nurses and social workers in San Francisco would be allowed to hand out condoms to individual middle school students under a proposal before the district's school board, expanding school-based access to the contraceptive to younger teens and preteens.
High school students can already get free condoms in city schools. The new proposal would also take away their parents' ability to opt out of the program.
Giving middle school staff the ability to hand out condoms is critical, district officials said Monday, given that at least 5 percent of students in sixth, seventh and eighth grades have had sexual intercourse, according to student surveys conducted by the district. More than a quarter of high school students report having had sex.
The proposal by Superintendent Richard Carranza would authorize condom distribution “in conjunction with a session with a school nurse or social worker to identify risk factors and provide referrals or resources as necessary.”
The one-on-one session would also include “information about condom use, risks and effectiveness.” Students would be advised that abstinence is “the only 100 percent effective method of preventing pregnancy and sexually transmitted infections,” according to the proposed policy.
Critics of such programs worry that providing condoms could encourage sexual activity, but district officials said that is not the case.
“The only thing we are encouraging is that students make heathy decisions,” said school board President Matt Haney. “There is no research that (shows) providing condoms in schools increases sexual activity. We've had condoms in high schools since 1990, yet surveys show sexual activity among S.F. high school students is about half the national average.”
Student participation would be voluntary. High school and middle school parents would be advised of the existence of the program, but would not be able to exclude their child from it. Currently, parents have the opt-out option in high schools.
The proposal notes that there are no laws limiting the distribution of condoms to minors.
The San Francisco Department of Public Health has endorsed the proposal, which will likely head to the school board for a final vote later this month.
“As the (sexually transmitted disease) controller in San Francisco, I know all too well that San Francisco has among the highest rates of chlamydia, gonorrhea, and syphilis of any city in the United States,” said Dr. Susan Philip, the department's deputy health officer and director, in their letter of support. “Condoms are highly effective prevention against STDs, HIV and unwanted pregnancy.”
Jill Tucker is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. E-mail: jtucker@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @jilltucker
FOXBOROUGH, Mass. -- Cleaning out the Patriots notebook:
Veteran DE Smith not ready yet. Free-agent signee Will Smith, the longtime New Orleans Saint who inked a one-year deal with New England, is still recovering from a torn ACL sustained last August. "He still has some rehabilitation to do," coach Bill Belichick said over the weekend. "We feel like that's coming along, going in the right direction. I think he'll be competitive, but we'll have to see how they rehab from the injury but we're optimistic that he'll be on the field and be able to compete at some point. He's not ready right now but I think they will be."
Second-year DB Ryan could get look at safety. As initially reported by the Boston Herald, the Patriots might work second-year defensive back Logan Ryan at safety at times. They played there in some game-plan specific packages in 2013. "Last year [Marquice] Cole sort of did that, played some safety, played some nickel corner, played a little bit on the perimeter. Logan did that [too]. We'll have to see how it all comes together, but I would imagine in the spring that we probably give [him] some exposure [at safety again]," Belichick said. "I think there's definitely a place for that too with the different personnel groups and the different types of receivers that we see. Every time it's three receivers, it isn't quite three receivers; it depends on whom those three guys are and how you want to match up on them and so forth. So some flexibility for us defensively is probably a good thing over a long haul."
Harrison likely staying at WR. With the Patriots not drafting a tight end, one media-based thought was that first-year receiver Mark Harrison might get a look at the position. When Harrison was coming out of Rutgers, one team viewed them more as a "move" tight end based on their size (6-foot-3, 230 pounds), but Belichick said there are no plans to move Harrison to the position. "I'd say we're probably looking at Harrison as a receiver. They missed almost all of the last year or so. To try to take a guy and move them away from a position before we've actually seen the position they actually played -- I'm not saying it won't happen [but] I don't think it's going to happen for a while," Belichick said. "We'll try to get them ready to play receiver and see how they play there, how they compete with other players at the position, their primary position."
Siliga switches jersey number. Defensive tackle Sealver Siliga, who contributed down the 2013 homestretch in a run-stuffing role, has switched their jersey number to 96. They wore No. 71 last year.
Traditional photo shoot today. The Patriots are scheduled to hold their traditional photo shoot with their top draft choice this morning at Gillette Stadium (10 a.m. ET). Owner Robert Kraft and president Jonathan Kraft will be joined by first-round pick Dominique Easley (No. 29 overall).
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest Daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A councillor has appeared in court to deny two charges of sexually touching a woman without their consent.
Paul Newcombe attended a hearing at Leicester Magistrates Court today to plead not guilty to the allegations.
Newcombe, of Laundry Lane, Belgrave, is accused of touching the woman, who cannot be named for legal reasons, between May 1, 2015 and April 30 last year.
They also denied the same charge but over the period May 1, last year to April 31 this year.
They spoke only to confirm their name and address and enter a plea to magistrates.
 They are now due to appear at Leicester Crown Court next month and has been released on bail, on the condition that they do not go within 500 metres of the complainant's home address.
Newcombe had already been suspended from the Labour Party while an internal investigation into an allegation against them was carried out.
The councillor was sent a letter on May 26 from the national Labour Party's head of disputes in which they were given a notice of administrative suspension.
That means Newcombe, who is chairperson of the council's Adult Social Care Scrutiny Committee, is barred from holding office within the party or attending Labour meetings, although they remain ward councillor for Thurncourt, a post to which they were first elected a decade ago.
The party has stressed Newcombe's suspension was a neutral action.
The city council confirmed Newcombe remains a member of the authority.
As well as continuing as head the scrutiny committee Newcombe is still a member of both the Overview Select Committee and the Heritage, Culture, Leisure and Sport Scrutiny Commission.
They did not attend a meeting they were scheduled to be at on Thursday.
Britain is experiencing a shortage of chick sexers.
Despite offering a salary £40,000 a year, the British Poultry Council is finding it hard to recruit people who are able to check the sex of chicks.
A harder look at what is involved may reveal why.
Chick sexers spend their days looking inside the bird's anuses to see whether they are male or female. Chick's anuses are referred to as vents - just in case you wanted to know.
Sexers delicately squeeze a little poo out of the chick to open the vent then look inside and check for a bump. That means it's male.
They are usually paid £3 per 100 chicks examined and examine around one to 1.5 million per year.
Farmers need to check whether they are male or female so they can be sorted and reared appropriately, with the males used to provide meat and the hens to lay eggs. Sometimes the males are discarded.
Andrew Large from the British Poultry Council says it is an incredibly skilled job that could never be done with a machine.
It takes three years of training to be able to do it properly, but people don't want to stay that long.
Mr Large told Newsbeat that it would be a great job for young people.
"There is a career ladder from apprenticeships and on the job training right the way to post-graduate level work.
"It can provide a lifetime of employment. The salary is also an attraction, as well as the opportunity to work with animals, to ensure their welfare and to play a part in feeding the nation."
However, they did acknowledge that "spending hours every day staring at the backside of a chick" is not seen as being attractive.
"In south-east Asia, a chick sexer is a high status job. In the UK it is more likely to be the butt of humour."
Chicken sexer isn't the only farming job you may not have heard of.
Other unusual farming jobs include:
Worm picker
In Canada, you can earn a bit of extra money worm picking. If you don't mind crawling across muddy fields and scooping up creepy crawlies into a cup that is.
Worms are needed as lures for fishermen. The worm pickers go out on warm wet nights, shining torches onto the ground and plucking up as many as 1,000 worms an hour.
Deer urine farmer
Another special job. Deer urine is packed full of natural chemicals which attracts other animals and works as a lure for game hunters.
At Mrs. Doe Pee's Buck Lures in Iowa, it works like this: the deer lie on grates all night, allowing their pee to drip down and collect in steel vats underneath.
It is then collected in the morning. It's a seasonal job though, to some extent.
There is more pee in the summer time as the animals drink more.
Rotten egg sniffer
These people crack eggs, separate the yokes from the whites and throw bad eggs away. Boring, smelly and wet.
Snake milker
These people extract venom from snakes to help scientists develop antidotes and other medicines.
A snake farm is called a serpentarium and these facilities employ snake milkers to extract venom by carefully coaxing a snake to bite down on a rubber-covered glass. The venom will run down the fangs and into the glass.
It's dangerous. Snake milkers can't wear gloves as they have to grip the snake tightly and respond to its movements and it's hard to feel through fabric.
Lots of snake milkers have been bitten.
Enough to put any office job in perspective.
Follow @BBCNewsbeat on Twitter, BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube
Rival factions of computer whizzes who play key roles in bitcoin's upkeep are poised to adopt two competing software updates at the end of the month. Credit:Bloomberg While both sides have big incentives to reach a consensus, bitcoin's lack of a central authority has made compromise difficult. Even professional traders who've followed the dispute's twists and turns aren't sure how it will all pan out. Their advice: brace for volatility and be ready to act fast once a clear outcome emerges. "It's a high-stakes game of chicken," said Arthur Hayes, a former market maker at Citigroup who now runs BitMEX, a bitcoin derivatives venue in Hong Kong. "If you're a trader, there's a lot of uncertainty as to what happens. Once there's a definitive signal about what will be done, the price could move very quickly." Behind the conflict is an ideological split about bitcoin's rightful identity. The community has bitterly argued whether the cryptocurrency should evolve to appeal to mainstream corporations and become more attractive to traditional capital, or fortify its position as a libertarian beacon; whether it should act more as an asset like gold, or as a payment system. The seeds of the debate were planted years ago: to protect from cyberattacks, bitcoin by design caps the amount of information on its network, called the blockchain. That puts a ceiling on how many transactions it can process - the so-called block size limit - just as the currency's growing popularity is boosting activity. As a result, transaction times and processing fees have soared to record levels this year, curtailing bitcoin's ability to process payments with the same efficiency as services like Visa.
SegWit2x To address this problem, two main schools of thought emerged. On one side are miners, who deploy costly computers to verify transactions and act as the backbone of the blockchain. They're proposing a straightforward increase to the block size limit. On the other is Core, a group of developers instrumental in upholding bitcoin's bug-proof software. They insist that to ease blockchain's traffic jam, some of its data must be managed outside the main network. They claim that not only would it reduce congestion, but also allow other projects including smart contracts to be built on top of bitcoin. But moving data off the blockchain in effect diminishes the influence of miners, the majority of whom are based in China and who have invested millions on giant server farms. Not surprisingly, Core's proposal, called SegWit, has garnered resistance from miners, the most vocal being Wu Jihan, co-founder of the world's largest mining organisation Antpool. "SegWit is itself a great technology, but the reason it hasn't taken off is because its interest doesn't align with miners," Wu said.
Still, after previous counter-proposals championed by Wu fell through, miners last month agreed to compromise and support SegWit, in exchange for increasing the block size. Wu says the plan will alleviate short-to-medium term congestion and give Core enough time to flesh out a long-term solution. That proposal is what is known as SegWit2x, which implements SegWit and doubles the block size limit. "You can think of the SegWit2x proposal as an olive branch," said Wu. Ethereum threat Support for SegWit2x has reached levels unseen for previous solutions. About 85 per cent of miners has signalled they are willing to run the software once it's released on July 21, and some of the bitcoin's largest companies have also jumped on board. The unprecedented level of endorsement is partly prompted by anxiety of bitcoin losing its dominant status to ethereum, a newer cryptocurrency whose popularity has soared thanks to its ability to run smart contracts and its more corporate-friendly approach.
Still, hardliners say that after more than two years of bitter arguments, a split would let people part ways to explore different visions, even if prices crash. Some of Core supporters are pushing a separate agenda called UASF (user activated soft fork). Starting from August 1, it will reject transactions not compliant with SegWit. If a majority of miners do not adopt SegWit by then, two versions of bitcoin would come into existence, triggering a currency split. "It's moderating versus extremists," said Atlanta-based Stephen Pair, chief executive officer of BitPay, one of the world's largest bitcoin wallets. "It depends on how much a person values the majority of people staying on one chain at least for a little while longer, versus splitting and allowing each pursuing their own vision for scaling." Many Core developers continue to reject SegWit2x because they see its development and implementation as being too rushed, which they say could undermine the software underpinning bitcoin. "To suggest a hard fork happen significantly faster than even the most minor of changes in recent history is irresponsible and dangerous," said Matt Corallo, a Core contributor and former co-founder of Blockstream, which stands to benefit from SegWit.
Bloomberg
Epic Games Also Teases Future Additions
Like all features of Fortnite, the game's new Battle Royale mode is still in its early stages. Epic Games is hard at work to improve and optimize that PvP experience. To that end, they've released a new patch; said patch fixes some issues as reported by the community.
Along with fixes, the Battle Royale patch rebalances weapons. Therefore, expect better firing and fewer server issues the next time you play. The Patch will automatically download on launcher and consoles. You can find the full changelog below:
EA1.6.4 Release Notes
Balance Adjustments to Assault Rifle. White Increased maximum accuracy by 10%. Increased minimum accuracy by 22%. Increased reload rate by 10%. Green Increased maximum accuracy by 8%. Increased minimum accuracy by 20%. Increased reload rate by 8%. Blue Increased maximum accuracy by 5%. Increased minimum accuracy by 17%. Increased reload rate by 5%. Purple Increased maximum accuracy by 3%. Increased minimum accuracy by 14%. Increased reload rate by 3%. Orange Increased minimum accuracy by 11%. Optimal accuracy is achieved by aiming while crouching without movement.
Polish and Bug Fixing Fixed an issue that caused a party to be unjoinable after the Host had left it. Fixed issues with players joining lobbies. Fixed a couple of server crashes.
PS4 ONLY
Fixed an issue that caused login failure after completing the login queue.
XBOX ONLY
Fixed a frequent rendering thread crash that was seen on Xbox.
Epic also added that Supply Drops and Duos are coming next week. You can also expect a blog detailing the developer's goals for weapon accuracy in the new mode. It seems as if the mechanics between PvP and Fortnite's PvE mode shall see significant differences. Stay tuned for the info as it comes.
Happy gaming.
SOURCE
| By
Finger licking good Barbecue Ribs! Oh, and these are Vegan Ribs! Who would've thought, right?! I have been curious about Seitan and wondered what it tastes like really. I didn't think I would be able to find any in my town here in Mexico but I gave it a shot and yes! Vital Wheat Gluten (Seitan) is available at a little health food store not too far away. So first things first, we have to barbecue this stuff up. I mean you can throw anything on a charcoal grill and it will taste good.
Cooking these up require some baking time and then a little grilling time. The anticipation was killing me. As soon as they were off the grill I took a piece of the corner rib and popped it in my mouth. Haw…Hawhaa…HOT! I basically burned my mouth insides pretty bad! Don't do that ladies and gentlemen, wait for the food to cool.
Delicious Rating: So how do they taste? Like rib meat! Believe it not, I am serious. Rib meat without the bone. The second time I made these for a BBQ with some friends. One thought that they were actually ribs and I had taken the bones out! I think grilling them over charcoal really infuses that deep BBQ taste. Plus, the sauce was super delicious so nobody was thinking that it wasn't real meat. So I like seitan ribs! I am excited to cook more with this vital wheat gluten and share my delicious (hopefully) easy recipes with you!
FOR RECIPE & PHOTO GUIDE CLICK →
4.7 from 15 reviews Print Author: CookEatDelicious.com Lunch Recipe type: Prep time: 10 mins Cook time: 1 hour 45 mins Total time: 1 hour 55 mins Yields: 16 Ribs Vegan Recipe! Ingredients 1 cup vital wheat gluten
2 tsp smoked chipotle powder
2 tbsp lemon pepper
2 tsp onion powder
2 tsp garlic powder
1 cup water
2 tbsp tahini
2 tbsp soy sauce
BBQ Sauce:
2 cups ketchup
1 cup water
½ cup apple cider vinegar
5 tbsp brown sugar
5 tbsp white sugar
½ tbsp black pepper
1 tbsp onion powder
1 tbsp wet mustard
1 tsp dry mustard
1 tbsp lemon juice
1 tbsp Vegan Worcestershire sauce Instructions Start with Barbecue sauce. Combine all ingredients in a saucepan. Bring to a boil and reduce heat to simmer. Cook for an hour stirring frequently. Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Lightly oil an 8x8 baking dish. Combine the dry ingredients, first 5, together in a large bowl. In a small bowl combine water, tahini, and soy sauce. Add wet to dry ingredients once just combined start to knead the dough lightly until all is well combined. Put dough into baking dish and flatten it out to evenly fit in pan. Cut into 8 strips and then down the middle to form 16 'ribs'. Bake for 25 minutes and prepare grill. Remove 'ribs' from the oven and gently re-cut the strips so that they will pull apart easily after being grilled. Generously brush with BBQ sauce. Place 'ribs' BBQ sauce side down on the grill. Brush remaining side with BBQ sauce. Grill each side until it is nicely browned or charred, based on your preference. Serve immediately. 2.2.6
If you let the liquids and wheat gluten sit together for too long it will become an unstretchable dough, so work fast once combined.
When I cut the seitan into strips, It could see that the consistency was so similar to meat. Pretty amazing.
They smell so good cooking over charcoal. Plus the grill marks give that flavor of bbq'd meat that you can't get off of any gas grill.
Enjoy!
White-nationalist protesters march through the University of Virginia campus in Charlottesville on Aug. 11. (Mykal McEldowney/The Indianapolis Star via Associated Press)
Casey Michel is a journalist based in New York.
America's white nationalists may bear swastikas, raise Nazi salutes and cheer for the protection of “Blut und Boden” (blood and soil) for all to see. They may say “Heil Trump!” and laud the legacy of American Nazi Party founder George Lincoln Rockwell.
But for these American white supremacists, it's not Nazi Germany to which they look.
It's Russia.
It doesn't take much to gather white nationalists' affections for modern Moscow — a regime whose model they want to bring to bear in the United States. For David Duke, who has seen their books sold in the Russian Duma, Moscow remains the “key to white survival.” For Richard Spencer, a founding member of the alt-right's rogues' gallery — and someone married to the translator of Alexander Dugin, Russia's illiberal polemicist extraordinaire — the Kremlin stands as the “most powerful white power in the world.” For Matthew Heimbach, who has said they would like to see the United States fracture on ethnic lines, Vladimir Putin has transformed into the “leader of the free world.”
Ignore the multi-confessional, multiethnic nature of the Russian state. Ignore the fact that Moscow maintains the largest mosque in Europe, or that Putin's Russia contains one of the largest swaths of immigrants outside of the United States. These alt-right actors have proved to be more than capable of disregarding these base realities. For the white supremacists who brought bloodshed to Charlottesville, Russia remains the last, the best hope for the world they would wish in Washington.
And Russia has proved to be only too willing to cater to these groups. While Moscow's relations with neo-fascist contingents across Europe — in France, in Hungary — are well-known, less has been said about its extensive efforts to cultivate like-minded actors in the United States.
In 2015, for instance, St. Petersburg hosted one of the most outspoken gatherings of far-right ideologues Europe has seen in years. With speakers rotating across the dais, a pair of Americans — Jared Taylor and Sam Dickson — railed against Washington's turn toward civil rights and racial equality. Taylor, a man Spencer themselves has cited as inspiration for their political baptism into white nationalism, and a man who recorded robocalls on behalf of Trump during the campaign, joined Dickson, erstwhile lawyer for the Ku Klux Klan, as the latter praised Putin for encouraging high birthrates among white Russians. The organization pulling the Americans to the conference was itself an outgrowth of a Russian party founded by Dmitry Rogozin, Moscow's deputy prime minister.
And Moscow's government mouthpieces have enthusiastically promoted the views of American neo-Nazis and white nationalists. Not only have Spencer and their wife been welcomed as geopolitical analysts on Kremlin-funded outposts such as RT and Sputnik, but these outlets have also proved eager to flame far-right fringe theory. During the 2015 Jade Helm controversy — when armed, hard-right U.S. militias became convinced that President Barack Obama was set to “invade” Texas, among other states — one of RT's hosts wailed that there was little doubt Jade Helm's planning had “started some kind of war … between America and itself.”
This screeching came as the FBI picked up a trio of North Carolinians who were planning a series of bomb attacks in apparent retaliation for Jade Helm's supposed plans. One of the people behind the attempted car-bombings in Kansas last year, which would have slaughtered dozens of members of a local refugee population, had also posted material both from RT and praising Putin. And, to be sure, Russia doesn't just back far-right fringe voices in the United States: RT even hosted the U.S. Green Party's 2016 debate — and went above and beyond any other media outlet in pushing the candidacy of Jill Stein, catering equally to far-left cohorts.
None of this, of course, is to say that the recent carnage in Charlottesville is directly attributable to Moscow, or that James Alex Fields Jr., the alleged domestic terrorist behind the attack, worked as some part of a broader slate of Russian active measures. We have not yet learned of evidence that Fields espoused pro-Putin, pro-Kremlin views.
But you can't separate Fields's presence in Virginia from the faces, the figures and the fascists running the “Unite the Right” rally, including Spencer, Heimbach and Duke. After all, the purpose of the Kremlin's campaign of interference in the recent presidential election wasn't solely to stack the White House with friendly faces. It wasn't simply to lift a raft of oil and gas sanctions, or to regain access to Western credit markets.
It was, instead, a campaign predicated on turning the United States against itself. Of cultivating, encouraging and goading groups that would create internal disruption and prevent the United States from promoting a liberal, international order.
An America rending itself apart is a fervent dream for those cloaked in power in Moscow. After Charlottesville — and after Trump revealed that they have little capacity for condemning white nationalists — the United States is one step closer to granting the Kremlin's wish.
Little surprise, then, that over the past year Russia has also cultivated American secessionists from Texas, Puerto Rico and California. These are, after all, the ideological descendants of the Confederates whose vestiges continue to bring wrack and ruin upon the country. And they are, like the white nationalists currently leading a campaign of domestic terrorism, witting agents in Moscow's efforts to implode Trump's America.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Update-- The meetings have been cancelled, according to the website Return of Kings.
The website said:
"I can no longer guarantee the safety or privacy of the men who want to attend on February 6, especially since most of the meetups can not be made private in time. While I can't stop men who want to continue meeting in private groups, there will be no official Return Of Kings meetups. The listing page has been scrubbed of all locations. I apologize to all the supporters who are let down by my decision."
Original post-- A blogger who believes rape should be legalized has launched an “International Meetup Day” where supporters will gather in various locations throughout the world.
Daryush Valizadeh is known for their controversial books that advise men on the best methods to have sex with women and advocates that rape be made legal inside a private home.
Valizadeh, better known as Roosh V, runs the website Return of Kings that will host 165 events in 43 countries.
Hosts have been asked to wait at meeting points all around the world Saturday at 8 p.m. for men who are interested in attending. The men are instructed to ask the question, “Do you know where I can find a pet shop?” Members who are part of the group will then respond, “Yes it's right here.”
A feminist group plans to protest planned events in Chicago.
Police in Des Moines posted a safety alert on Facebook urging women to stay away from the event and believe this may be potential to lure women to these various locations. They say "there is concern that this may be a ruse to commit rape."
Iowa locations include Cedar Rapids and Des Moines. In Illinois, two Chicago meeting places are planned. To view the full list of locations, click here.
Story via Tribune Media.
This is article 3.0 in Sounding Out!‘s April Forum on “Sound and Technology.” Every Monday this month, you'll be hearing new insights on this age-old pairing from the likes of Sounding Out! veteranos Aaron Trammell and Primus Luta along with new voices Andrew Salvati and Owen Marshall. These fast-forward folks will share their thinking about everything from Auto-tune to techie manifestos. Today, Salvati asks if DIY podcasts are allowing ordinary people to remix the historical record. Let's subscribe and press play. –JS, Editor-in-Chief
—
Was Alexander the Great as bad a person as Adolph Hitler? Will our modern civilization ever fall like civilizations from past eras?
According to Dan Carlin's website, these are the kind of speculative “outside-the-box” perspectives one might expect from their long-running Hardcore History podcast. In Carlin's hands, the podcast is a vehicle for presenting dramatic accounts of human history that are clearly meant to entertain, and are quite distinct from what we might recognize as academic history. Carlin, a radio commentator and former journalist, would likely agree with this assessment. As they frequently emphasize, they are a “fan” of history and not a professional. But while there are particularities of training, perspective, and resources that may distinguish professional and popular historians, an oppositional binary between these kinds of historymakers risks overlooking the plurality of historical interpretation. Instead, we might notice how history podcasters like Carlin utilize this new sonic medium to continue a tradition of oral storytelling that in the West goes back to Herodotus, and has since been the primary means of marginalized and oppressed groups to preserve cultural memory. As a way for hobbyists and amateurs to create and share their own do-it-yourself (DIY) histories, I argue that audio podcasting suggests a democratization of historical inquiry that greatly expands the possibilities for everyone, as Carl Becker once said, to become their or their own historian.
Frequently listed among iTunes' top society and culture podcasts, and cited by several history podcasters as the inspiration for their own creations, the popularity of Hardcore History stems from Carlin's unconventional and dramatic recounting of notable (but sometimes obscure) historical topics, in which they will often elaborate historical-structural changes through contemporizing metaphors. Connecting the distant past to more immediate analogies of present life is the core of Carlin's explanatory method. This form of explanation is quite distinct from the output of academic historians, who assiduously avoid this sort of “presentism.” But as the late Roy Rosenzweig (2000) has suggested, it is precisely this kind of conscious and practical engagement with the past – and not the litany of facts in dry-as-dust textbooks – that appeals to non-historians. Rosenzweig and David Thelen claim have found that most Americans perceive a close connection with the past, especially as it relates to the present, through their personal and family life. Using the medium of podcasting to talk about the past is a new way of making the past vital to the present needs and interests of most people. This is how podcasters make sense of history in their own terms. It is DIY insofar as it is distinct from professional discourse, and less encompassing (and expensive) than video methods.
Podcasts can present an alternative model for making sense of the past – one that underscores the historymaker's interpretive imprints, and which cultivates a sense of liveness and interactivity. Admittedly, Dan Carlin's own style can be rambling and melodramatic. But to the extent that they practice history as a kind of storytelling, and acknowledges their own interpretive interventions, Hardcore History, like other independently produced history podcasts (I am thinking about a few of my favorites – Revolutions, The History Chicks, and The British History Podcast) give their listeners the sense that history is not necessarily something that is “out there,” or distant from us in the present, but part of a living conversation in the present. Podcasters construct a dialogue about history which, when combined with the interactivity offered by website forums, draws the listener into a participatory engagement. Rosenzweig and Thelen's explain, Americans interested in popular history are skeptical of “historical presentations that did not give them credit for their critical abilities – commercialized histories on television or textbook-driven high school classes.” Such analytic skills are precisely what we as historians and teachers aim to develop in our students. Podcasting, when it constructs a collaborative dialogue in which audience and producer explore history together, can both be a valuable supplement to traditional historiography, and a way for people to connect with the past that overcomes the abstraction of textbooks and video.
But is the podcast as intellectually freeing as it might seem? Jonathan Sterne (et. al., 2008) notes that podcasting encompasses a range of technologies and practices that do not necessarily determine the liberation of content production from the dominance of established institutions and economies of scale. Indeed, there are many professional historians and media producers who have utilized audio (and sometimes video) podcasting to reach a wider audience. While the History Channel has not (yet) entered the field, one can surely imagine the implications of corporate-produced history content that homogenizes local and cultural particularities, or which present globalized capitalism as a natural or inevitable historical trajectory.
The kind of podcasts I am concerned with, however, are created by independent producers taking a DIY approach to content production and historical inquiry. While their resources and motivations may differ, podcasts produced on personal computers in the podcaster's spare time have an intimate, handcrafted feel that I find to be more appealing than, say, a podcasted lecture. Ideally, what results are an intimate and episodic performance in which podcasters can, to use Andreas Duus Pape's phrasing from an earlier Sounding Out! post, “whisper in the ears” of listeners. This intimacy is heightened by the means of access – when I download a particular podcast, transfer it to my iPhone, and listen on my commute, I am inviting the podcaster into my personal sonic space.
Complimenting this sense of intimacy is a DIY approach to history practiced by podcasters who are neither professional historians nor professional media producers. Relatively cheap and easy to produce (assuming the necessary equipment and leisure time), podcasting presents a low barrier of entry for history fans inspired to use new media technologies to share their passion with other history fans and the general public. Though a few podcasters acknowledge that they have had some university training in history, they are usually proud of their amateur status. The History Chicks, for example, “don't claim to know it all,” and that any pretense toward a comprehensive history “would be kinda boring.” Podcasting and historical inquiry are hobbies, and their DIY history projects allow the relative freedom to have fun exploring and talking about their favorite subject matter – without having to conform to fussy disciplinary constraints. For Jamie Jeffers, creator of the British History podcast, most people are alienated by the way history gets taught in school. However, “almost everyone loves stories,” they say, and podcasting “allows us to reconnect to that ancient tradition of oral histories.” Others justify the hobby in more bluntly. For the History Chicks, women in history is “a perfect topic to sit down and chat about.” Talking about history, arguing about it, is something that history fans (and I include myself here) enjoy. Podcasting can broaden this conversation.
Despite my optimistic tone in this post, however, I do not want to suggest uncritically that the democratizing, DIY aspects that I have noted (among just a handful of podcasts) comprises the entire potential of the format. Nuancing a common opposition between the bottom-up potential of podcasting with the prevalent top-down (commercial) model of broadcasting for example, Sterne and others have asserted that rather than constituting a disruptive technology – as Richard Berry has suggested – podcasting realizes “an alternate cultural model of broadcasting.” Referring to earlier models of broadcasting – such as those Susan Douglas (1992) described in their classic study of early amateur radio – Sterne and company assert that analyses of podcasting should focus not on the technology itself, but on practice; not on the challenge podcasting poses to corporate dominance in broadcasting, but rather how it might offer a pluralistic model that permits both commercial/elite and DIY/amateur productions.
Adapting these recommendations, I argue that podcasting can help us conceptualize an alternate cultural model of history – one that invites reconsideration of what counts as historical knowledge and interpretation, and about who is empowered to construct and access historical discourse. Rather that privileging the empirical or objective histories of academic/professional historians, such an expanded model would recognize the cultural legitimacy of diverse forms of historiographical expression. In other words, that history is never “just” history, or “just” facts, but is always a contingent and situated form of knowledge, and that, as Keith Jenkins writes, “interpretations at (say) the ‘centre' of our culture are not there because they are true or methodologically correct … but because they are aligned to the dominant discursive practices: again power/knowledge” (1991/2003, p. 79). But to reiterate Sterne's (et. al.) caution however, such an alternative model would not necessarily determine a role-reversal between professional and DIY histories. Rather through podcasting, we might discover alternative ways of performing history as a new oral tradition – of becoming each of us our own historian.
—
Andrew J. Salvati is a Media Studies Ph.D. candidate at Rutgers University. Their interests include the history of television and media technologies, theory and philosophy of history, and representations of history in media contexts. Additional interests include play, authenticity, the sublime, and the absurd. Andrew has co-authored a book chapter with colleague Jonathan Bullinger titled “Selective Authenticity and the Playable Past” in the recent edited volume Playing With the Past (2013), and has written a recent blog post for Play the Past titled “The Play of History.”
—
Featured image: “Podcasts anywhere anytime” by Flickr user Francois, CC BY 2.0
—
REWIND! …If you liked this post, you may also dig:
“Music is not Bread: A Comment on the Economics of Podcasting”-Andreas Duus Pape
“Pushing Record: Labors of Love, and the iTunes Playlist”-Aaron Trammell
“Only the Sound Itself?: Early Radio, Education, and Archives of ‘No-Sound'”-Amanda Keeler
Mitt Romney offered a partial snapshot of their vast personal fortune late Monday, disclosing income of $21.7 million in 2010 and $20.9 million last year — virtually all of it profits, dividends or interest from investments.
None came from wages, the primary source of income for most Americans. Instead, Romney and their wife, Ann, collected millions in capital gains from a profusion of investments, as well as stock dividends and interest payments.
The couple gave away $7 million in charitable contributions over the past two years, including at least $4.1 million to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Romney's family has for generations been among the Mormon Church's most prominent members.
The Romneys sent somewhat less to Washington over that period, paying an estimated $6.2 million in federal income taxes. According to their 2010 return, Romney paid about $3 million to the IRS, for an effective tax rate of 13.9 percent.
For 2011, Romney estimates that they will pay about $3.2 million, for an effective rate of 15.4 percent. That's in line with their earlier estimates, but sharply lower than the rates paid by President Obama and Romney's closest Republican rival, Newt Gingrich.
“You'll see my income, how much taxes I've paid, how much I've paid to charity,” Romney said at a debate Monday night in Tampa. “I pay all the taxes that are legally required and not a dollar more. I don't think you want someone as the candidate for president who pays more taxes than they owe.”
They said their tax bill is “entirely legal and fair,” adding: “I'm proud of the fact that I pay a lot of taxes.”
Romney released their tax returns — nearly 550 pages, including the 2010 returns for three family trust funds and a foundation — in a bid to regain their footing in the Republican presidential campaign after stumbling badly in last weekend's South Carolina primary.
The Romney campaign planned to publicly release the tax documents Tuesday morning but gave a preview late Monday night to The Washington Post.
In recent days, Romney's GOP rivals have pressed them to make their returns public, arguing that it is critical for the public to vet their finances before the party settles on its nominee. The revelation that Romney pays a significantly lower tax rate than most wealthy Americans underscores their image as a multimillionaire financier, an image that some Republicans believe would hurt their chances in the general election.
Economic inequality is emerging as a central theme in the battle for the White House, with Obama trying to harness populist anger at Wall Street and corporations against a backdrop of chronically high unemployment. They plan to call for higher taxes on millionaires in their State of the Union address to Congress on Tuesday night, embracing an idea advanced by billionaire investor Warren Buffett and Occupy Wall Street protesters.
“The president believes that it is not fair — inherently not fair — that those who are millionaires and billionaires pay at a lower rate than average Americans who are struggling to get by,” White House press secretary Jay Carney told reporters Monday. “This theme about economic insecurity for the middle class . . . is what got this president into politics. So this is a foundational belief for him, and he's happy to have that debate.”
A lower rate
Because the bulk of Romney's income flows from investment profits, it is taxed at a flat 15 percent rate, far below the highest rates on ordinary wages.
Their 2010 returns show that they made $12.6 million in capital gains, $4.9 million in ordinary dividends and $3.3 million in taxable interest.
Romney's overall tax rate is in line with that of the average American taxpayer. However, it has drawn fire because the federal tax system is designed to be progressive — the more you earn, the more you are supposed to pay.
Romney's tax documents are voluminous and extraordinarily complex, and their opponents are sure to comb through them in the coming days. They reflect the far-flung finances of one of the richest men ever to run for president. Their 2010 tax return alone runs to 203 pages, crammed with information about foreign holdings, contributions to family trusts — and even a Swiss bank account.
In a conference call with reporters, Brad Malt, Romney's trustee, called the Swiss account “fully legal, fully disclosed” but said it was closed in early 2010. They added: “The income earned on that account is taxed just as any other domestic or other bank account owned by the blind trust.”
Pages and pages are devoted to foreign entities in which Romney is invested. Many are located in places like Luxembourg, Ireland and the Cayman Islands, all famous tax havens. None shows much income.
“These entities are not evading one dime of taxes,” Malt said.
Monday's disclosure marked the first time the former Massachusetts governor has released their personal tax returns. Though Romney has relied on their wealth to finance their political career, they did not disclose their tax returns in their three prior campaigns — not even in the 1994 Senate race, when they blasted Sen. Edward M. Kennedy (D-Mass.) for failing to release their own taxes.
This time, Romney had hoped to keep the details of their finances under wraps until they won their party's nomination. But over the past week, as even their Republican rivals raised questions about whether they had something to hide, they concluded that the political cost of secrecy had grown too great.
The release of their taxes is unlikely to satisfy Democrats, who said they will continue to push for more transparency — particularly if Republicans select Romney to face Obama in November. Democratic strategist Paul Begala called on Romney to release 12 years of returns — just as their father did when they ran for president in 1968.
“If you release one year, you can pretty it up,” Begala said. “He's got to go back a dozen years and really show us — or a lot of fair-minded people are going to conclude that they probably skated with paying less, or maybe even zero, for some of those years.”
Placating their rivals?
It was unclear whether Romney's disclosure would achieve the more immediate goal of silencing their GOP rivals as they barrel toward a critical showdown next week in Florida. Polls show them trailing Gingrich, who suggested Sunday on C-SPAN's “Washington Journal” that they were ready to let the tax matter drop.
“As far as I'm concerned, that issue is behind us,” Gingrich said.
Among the details that may spur fresh debate: The returns show that Romney was able to cut their taxable income by $4.8 million because of losses carried over from previous years. Under the tax code, taxpayers who lose money from their investments can deduct those losses against their capital gains. If a taxpayer ends up losing so much that the losses outweigh the gains in a given year, the rest of those losses can be carried to the next year and subtracted from income.
The returns confirm, however, that Romney continues to benefit from their association with Bain Capital, the private-equity firm they founded in 1984 and left in 1999. Their earnings through Bain have drawn controversy because they are treated as capital gains rather than wages and thus benefit from being taxed at the lower rate of 15 percent.
Critics say such income, known as “carried interest,” should not be counted as investment earnings because private-equity partners are mostly relying on the money of others rather than their own. The returns show that Romney earned more than $13 million in “carried interest” over the past two years.
Complicated as they are, the tax returns provide only a partial picture of Romney's wealth. They don't show the full extent of their net assets, which are estimated to be worth between $190 million and $250 million. Romney has an individual retirement account worth between $20.7 million and $101.6 million, according to their 2011 financial disclosure. They also have a blind trust for their wife, Ann, containing $10 million.
The members of the Westboro Baptist Church have gone from protesting at funerals to basically protesting anything that will likely get them press. Their latest protest found them outside a Foo Fighters' concert in Kansas City, Mo., Friday. According to members of the church, the group promotes “fornication, adultery, idolatry and [homosexuality]” with their music.
The Foo Fighters. (YouTube)
As have many before them, the Foo Fighters felt moved to respond.
Before their show, Dave Grohl and the Fighters rolled up on a flat-bed truck and performed “Keep It Clean (Hot Buns),” a song about intimate relations between two men. The fellas were dressed in the trucker costumes from the song's music video.
“I don't care if you're black or white or purple or green, whether you're Pennsylvanian or Transylvanian, Lady Gaga or Lady Antebellum. It takes all kinds,” Grohl told the crowd, which included other counter-protesters.
While the Supreme Court ruled that Rev. Fred Phelps and their followers are within their constitutional rights to protest, the Foo Fighters showed that those who disagree with them will continue thinking of ways to fight back. Here are some of the most noteworthy counterprotests the WBC has inspired:
The KKK : In one of the most bizarre free speech moments in recent history, members of the Ku Klux Klan picketed the WBC as they protested outside of Arlington National Cemetery.
I think “that it's an absolute shame that [the WBC] show up and disrupt people's funerals,” grand wizard Dennis LaBonte told CNN.
Angels of Peace : Dressed as celestial beings, the Angels of Peace were some of the first to protest Phelps and their church as they picketed the trials of the men who murdered Matthew Shepard because they were gay.
Bikers : When voices fail, roaring engines take their place. Biker groups have been called upon many times to use their motorcycles to drown out the sound of the WBC's protests and create a kind of force field around their subjects. This tactic was used at the funeral of Elizabeth Edwards.
“If you want to protest a war, you do it with government officials, not with the soldiers who died for you,” Clyde Fleming, 62, said in October as they opposed the WBC outside of a Navy SEAL's funeral. “You don't disrespect them and their families with such hatred.”
Watch “Keep It Clean,” with the NSFW words bleeped out, below.
Despite more reports in recent weeks about Muslim “refugees” raping and attacking people in the U.S. and Europe, President Obama has ramped up their Syrian refugee program – delivering 625 to U.S. cities in one week and crossing the 6,000 mark for total Syrians who have entered the country since October.
With a little over two months before the Sept. 30 deadline to fulfill their promise to the United Nations to resettle 10,000 Syrians, Obama has delivered 6,227 Syrian migrants to 38 states and dozens of cities.
That means more than 1,000 have arrived just since July 1.
Of the 6,227 total who arrived since Oct. 1, 2015, only 23 have been Christian and 10 Yazidi. All the of the remaining 6,194 Syrians, more than 98 percent, have been Sunni Muslim. That's the same sect that makes up the ranks of ISIS, al-Nusra Front and other groups that are viciously persecuting Christians in Syria.
Michigan, California, Arizona, Texas and Illinois are the top five states for numbers of Syrian refugees received so far in fiscal 2016. These refugees are hand-selected by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees to be permanently resettled in the U.S.
Only 12 states and the District of Columbia have not received any Syrian refugees so far in fiscal 2016. Those states include Alaska, Alabama, Delaware, Arkansas, Hawaii, Mississippi, Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, Vermont, Wyoming and West Virginia.
Wyoming is the only state that does not participate in the federal refugee program. Montana has been among the states being eyed for future resettlement of Syrians. A resettlement office has been opened there but so far no Syrians have arrived.
More than 99 percent of the Syrians being permanently resettled in the U.S. are Muslim, with less than 1 percent being Christian.
The U.S. resettled 1,682 Syrians in fiscal year 2015 and only 105 in 2014.
The 10,000 Syrian refugees coming in fiscal 2016 are in addition to the 75,000 refugees being delivered to U.S. cities and towns from all other countries. They come from Somalia, Afghanistan, Sudan, Iraq, Burma, Bosnia, Congo and many other countries. The refugee drop-offs are done in almost total secrecy, often without the knowledge of even the mayor or schools superintendent.
WND reported last week that in Lowell, Massachusetts, a 13-year-old girl was twice groped at a public pool July 7 by a 22-year-old man freshly imported into the community from Syria as a “refugee.”
The city manager of Lowell told their local newspaper Tuesday that they were not even notified by the U.S. State Department or its resettlement contractor that Syrians were being delivered to their community.
Emad Hasso, 22, of Syria pleaded not guilty Friday to inappropriately touching the girl at the state-run Raymond Lord Memorial Pool in Lowell, according to the Lowell Sun.
This marks the second high-profile sexual assault on an American girl in the past month by a refugee. On June 2, a 5-year-old girl in Twin Falls, Idaho, was reportedly raped by an Iraqi refugee boy while an older refugee from Sudan filmed and coached them during the assault.
More than 24 mostly Republican governors sent letters to the Obama administration following the attacks on Paris and San Bernardino last November and December, saying they did not want any Syrians delivered to their states, but to no avail. Obama sent them anyway.
On Monday a 17-year-old Afghan refugee in Germany attacked train passengers with an ax, severely injuring five people. The U.S. also has an active Afghan refugees program, having admitted 1,581 since Oct. 1, 2015.
Is your city a Syrian destination?
Cities receiving Syrian refugees over the past nine months include the following:
Arizona: Glendale, Tucson, Phoenix
Glendale, Tucson, Phoenix California: San Diego, Sacramento, Los Angeles
San Diego, Sacramento, Los Angeles Connecticut: New Haven, Hartford, New Britain, Stratford, West Haven
New Haven, Hartford, New Britain, Stratford, West Haven Florida: Tampa, Clearwater, Jacksonville, Del Ray Beach, Palm Beach, Miami, Orlando, Kissimmee, Lauderdale Lakes, Opa-Locka, Pensacola and Tallahassee
Tampa, Clearwater, Jacksonville, Del Ray Beach, Palm Beach, Miami, Orlando, Kissimmee, Lauderdale Lakes, Opa-Locka, Pensacola and Tallahassee Georgia: Atlanta, Savannah, Stone Mountain, Marietta
Atlanta, Savannah, Stone Mountain, Marietta Illinois: Chicago, Rockford, Aurora, Moline, Hickory Hills
Chicago, Rockford, Aurora, Moline, Hickory Hills Colorado: Denver and Thornton, Colorado
Denver and Thornton, Colorado Idaho: Boise
Boise Indiana: Indianapolis and Carmel
Indianapolis and Carmel Des Moines: Iowa
Iowa Kansas: Kansas City and Wichita
Kansas City and Wichita Kentucky: Louisville and Lexington
Louisville and Lexington Louisiana: New Orleans and Baton Rouge
New Orleans and Baton Rouge Maine: Portland
Portland Maryland: Baltimore, Riverdale, Ellicott City, Silver Spring
Baltimore, Riverdale, Ellicott City, Silver Spring Massachusetts : Worcester, Springfield-West Springfield, Lowell, Westfield, Billerica
: Worcester, Springfield-West Springfield, Lowell, Westfield, Billerica Michigan: Dearborn, Clinton Township, Detroit, Grand Rapids, Troy, Battle Creek, Ann Arbor, Bloomfield Hills, Bloomfield Township, W. Bloomfield Township, Madison Heights, Sterling Heights, Ypsilanti, Lansing
Dearborn, Clinton Township, Detroit, Grand Rapids, Troy, Battle Creek, Ann Arbor, Bloomfield Hills, Bloomfield Township, W. Bloomfield Township, Madison Heights, Sterling Heights, Ypsilanti, Lansing Minnesota: Minneapolis, Rochester and Savage
Minneapolis, Rochester and Savage Missouri: Saint Louis, Columbia, Creve Coeur, Kansas City
Saint Louis, Columbia, Creve Coeur, Kansas City Nebraska: Omaha
Omaha New Hampshire: Concord
Concord New Mexico: Albuquerque
Albuquerque New York: Buffalo, Albany, Syracuse, Brooklyn, Utica, Rochester , New York
Buffalo, Albany, Syracuse, Brooklyn, Utica, Rochester New York New Jersey: Elizabeth, Camden, Bellmawr, Hawthorne, Jersey City, Moorestown, Woodland Park and Paterson
Elizabeth, Camden, Bellmawr, Hawthorne, Jersey City, Moorestown, Woodland Park and Paterson Nevada: Las Vegas
Las Vegas North Carolina: High Point, Raleigh-Durham, Greensboro, Winston-Salem and Charlotte
High Point, Raleigh-Durham, Greensboro, Winston-Salem and Charlotte Ohio: Columbus, Toledo and Cleveland
Columbus, Toledo and Cleveland Oklahoma: Tulsa
Tulsa Oregon: Portland and Beaverton
Portland and Beaverton Pennsylvania: Erie, Philadelphia, Harrisburg and Pittsburgh
Erie, Philadelphia, Harrisburg and Pittsburgh Rhode Island: Providence
Providence South Carolina: Columbia
Columbia Tennessee: Nashville and Memphis
Nashville and Memphis Texas: Dallas, Fort Worth, Austin, Houston, Plano, Sugar Land, Tomball and San Antonio
Dallas, Fort Worth, Austin, Houston, Plano, Sugar Land, Tomball and San Antonio Utah: Salt Lake City
Salt Lake City Virginia: Charlottesville, Newport News, Roanoke, Harrisonburg, Powhatan and Falls Church
Charlottesville, Newport News, Roanoke, Harrisonburg, Powhatan and Falls Church Washington: Spokane, Seattle, Richland , Kent
Spokane, Seattle, Richland Kent Wisconsin: Oshkosh, Sheboygan, Milwaukee, Madison.
The mayors of Springfield, Massachusetts; Amarillo, Texas; Athens, Georgia; Manchester, New Hampshire, and several other towns have all complained to the Obama administration that they want more information on refugees before their arrival.
More than 24 mostly Republican governors have also complained, writing letters to the Obama administration after the attacks on Paris and San Bernardino last year saying they did not want to receive any Syrian refugees until a better screening system could be devised.
Citizen activists have complained about the same lack of transparency in many other cities including Spartanburg, South Carolina; Twin Falls, Idaho; Fargo, North Dakota; Rochester, Michigan; Missoula, Montana; and several areas of Tennessee.
But nothing has deterred the Obama State Department, which has ignored the complaints and concerns, citing the Refugee Act of 1980 as the source of its authority. That law, authored by the late Sen. Ted Kennedy and former Sen. Joe Biden, gives the states and localities very little power to stop the influx of United Nations-selected refugees.
Basic information like how many refugees are coming, where they are coming from and what public services they will be using are all vital for any city or county that is serious about controlling its government and school budgets yet the refugee drop-offs continue in secrecy.
More than 90 percent of refugees from the Middle East are on food stamps, according to the U.S. Office of Refugee Resettlement, and 74 percent are on Medicaid. Most live in low-income subsidized housing.
More than 95 percent of refugees admitted into the U.S. are initially selected by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. They are then screened for ties to terrorist organizations by the U.S. government.
But Obama's own FBI Director James Comey warned Congress last fall that it was impossible to verify the backgrounds of Syrians coming from a failed state. The country is embroiled in civil war and has no reliable law enforcement or intelligent data available to the U.S. or any other country or international body, Comey said. DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson has voiced similar concerns, yet the State Department continues to put out the same talking points that refugees are the “most heavily scrutinized” and vetted of all immigrants entering the U.S.
The administration was taking 18 to 24 months to screen each refugee, but WND reported in April that the time frame was being reduced to three months so that Obama could make the Sept. 30 deadline to fulfill their promise to the U.N.
FOR an awkward week each month, many women can feel uncomfortable having sex with their partner - mostly due the mess that period sex entails.
But one woman has come up with a genius new product so that their counterparts can still enjoy getting down to it - mess-free - when it's that time of the month.
Flexfits 3 The new invention, Flex, designed by American Lauren Schulte so women can have sex when they are on their period
American inventor Lauren Schulte has designed Flex, which they describe as a "disposable menstrual product."
But unlike conventional tampons, Flex sits higher up the vagina and covers the cervix, and stops any fluids entering the vaginal canal.
And this means that not only does it offer an alternative to tampons, it also allows women to have sex on their period without any mess.
Flexfits 3 The product is worn high up in the vagina and also doubles as a "disposable menstrual product"
The company behind Flex say that it is made from a medical-grade polymer, can be worn for up to 12 hours and claims it won't cause toxic shock syndrome.
And Lauren says they came up with the idea for Flex after they started researching alternatives after getting sick of using tampons.
MOST READ IN LIVING Frock horror Jemma Lucy's most outrageous outfits - from a see-through mesh dress to a see-through jumpsuit Bow down Bizarre 'Unwrap me' body ribbon is now available on ASOS for £16... but would YOU wear it? NEWS FLASH TV host Jenny Scordamaglia's most outrageous on-camera outfits, from daringly low-cut tops to nothing but BODY PAINT A FASHION HUMP? As our high streets prepare for the arrival of camel toe pants... we ask Brits whether the bizarre new trend for fuller frontals will take off TUMMY TROUBLES From IBS to Crohn's disease and cancer, what your bloating, wind and tummy pain REALLY means GREAT SCRAWL OF CHINA 18 of the most hilariously misspelt Chinese tattoos... and what they really mean
The California native added that they were horrified that the sanitary product that millions of women around the globe turn to each month was actually invented in the 1930s.
They explained: "When I learned that, I knew I wanted to dedicate my life to making something better for women.
"We've built a product that allows couples to increase their opportunity to have sex by 23 per cent.
Flexfits 3 A diagram showing how Flex is worn high up in the vagina, covering the cervix so it stops fluids from entering the vaginal canal
"The great tragedy of people avoiding sex on their period is that this is really the time when women want it most.”
Lauren then spent two years researching and making prototypes and is now set to launch the product.
More than 20,000 people have already signed up to trial Flex, with a quarter of them being men, and pre-orders will open soon.
It comes after another product is set to be released on the market that claims to give women better orgasms as well as tighten the pelvic floor.
While last month, we reported on another new vagina ‘tightening' procedure that promises to work in under an hour… but it'll set you back £2,000.
At 27 Years Old, MNRC Remains One of “Newest” Nuclear Reactors in U.S., But Industry May be Waking Up
By Lisa Howard
January 17, 2017
On January 20, 1990, when the nuclear reactor at McClellan Air Force Base achieved its first sustained nuclear reaction known as “criticality,” it was the newest reactor in the United States.
Six years later, when the Tennessee Valley Authority launched the Watts Bar Nuclear Generating Station, the reactor at McClellan was relegated to second newest. McClellan would go on to retain that ranking for another two decades until this past October when the Tennessee Valley Authority launched Watts Bar Unit 2.
This long hiatus between new reactors reflects the conflicted relationship with nuclear energy and research in the U.S. On the one hand, nuclear power does not emit greenhouse gases—a huge consideration with respect to mitigating climate change. But how and where to store the radioactive waste remains problematic. And nuclear accidents, such as the 2011 meltdown and release of radioactive material at Japan's Fukushima Nuclear Power Plant, has significantly undermined public confidence in the safety of nuclear power.
Since that first reaction in 1990, the McClellan Nuclear Research Center (MNRC) reactor has been operated safely and without incident, first by the U.S. Air Force and then, beginning in 1999, by UC Davis. Unlike the very large commercial reactors (over 1,000 times as large) MNRC is a small research reactor that doesn't generate power. And even at the mature age of twenty-seven, it remains the newest research reactor in the country.
But now some experts think nuclear energy and research may be experiencing a resurgence due to global warming and the need for new sources of vital medical isotope production. And to address this potential growth, UC Davis is positioning MNRC to educate a new generation of nuclear scientists.
“When I studied nuclear engineering at UC Berkeley in the late 1990s, my professors assured me of the impending nuclear renaissance even though enrollment in the field was at an all-time low,” said Wesley Frey, director of MNRC. “It took much longer, but with the promise of safe, reliable, and carbon-free emission baseline electrical generation, the nuclear renaissance may be here, at least to a small degree.”
Frey explains that “nuclear renaissance” is often in reference to the Generation IV advanced nuclear reactors. “These are a family of power-generating reactors that have been proposed as replacements for the current reactors in the U.S. But as of now there is no concrete date when this will happen.”
New nuclear initiatives are happening but on a much smaller scale in the U.S.
Coquí RadioPharmaceuticals, a medical isotope company, has partnered with the University of Florida to construct a new nuclear research reactor to produce Molybdenum-99, the most widely used medical isotope in the world. The facility, which will be located in Progress Corporate Park, Florida, is scheduled to break ground this year.
“This will be the first construction of first new “non-power” nuclear reactor in the United States since the construction of the MNRC in the late 1980s,” said Frey.
And even though there is limited support for building new nuclear power plants in the U.S., other countries are expanding their nuclear power capabilities.
In November, the India government signed an agreement with Japan to allow Japanese firms to build nuclear power plants in India. In the fall, the UK government gave approval for a controversial new nuclear power plant to be built in Hinkley, England. And in December, Pakistan inaugurated a new nuclear power plant, its fourth, built with the assistance of China.
MNRC, built to detect aircraft defects, now used for variety of research
The main difference between these large nuclear reactors for power and the much smaller research reactors is scale. The MNRC reactor core is only a few cubic feet in size whereas a commercial power reactor core can be several thousand cubic feet. Both use U-235 to fuel nuclear chain reactions. But where the small reactor vents the heat generated by the U-235 atoms fissioning as a by-product, a large reactor uses this heat to boil water to make steam turn turbines for electricity. Instead of electricity, MNRC's research reactor creates irradiation and neutron radiography.
Neutron radiography is similar to x-ray radiography but uses neutrons to create an image by allowing low atomic mass material like water to be seen inside higher atomic mass materials like aluminum. It is used in important aerospace applications, which is why the reactor was originally built and commissioned by the U.S. Air Force: To detect corrosion and hidden defects in aircraft using non-destructive testing techniques.
But the reactor's capabilities apply to more than just aerospace. Other fields and industries that use the irradiation and neutron radiography capabilities of the reactor include material science, medicine, electrical engineering, plant science, geology, chemistry and physics.
Educating the next generation of nuclear scientists
To some extent, the lack of new nuclear research facilities has helped MNRC stay relevant. It remains the highest power TRIGA™ (Training, Research, and Isotope Production General Atomics) reactor in the U.S.
Which is one reason why—in addition to continuing to offer research support services—MNRC is leveraging this unique and powerful resource to address national needs in education and research in nuclear science and engineering.
“Starting in spring of this year we will be offering a new series of classes through the UC Davis physics department so that students can learn about the nuclear industry and become licensed reactor operators at the MNRC,” said Frey.
Frey became interested nuclear science at an early age, about 12 years old. A friend of their father's, a retired professor, would talk to them about nuclear engineering. They were hooked. They studied nuclear engineering UC Berkeley and then did their doctoral work at Oregon State University.
Frey encourages students who might be interested in nuclear science to watch the PBS Nova documentary “The Nuclear Option,” which presents an in-depth look at the challenges and possibilities of nuclear energy.
Student who would like to learn more about the classes at MNRC can email Frey at wesfrey@ucdavis.edu.
Media Contacts
Wesley Drew Frey, Director, McClellan Nuclear Research Center, 916-614-6200, wesfrey@ucdavis.edu
AJ Cheline, Direct of of Communications, Office of Research, 530-752-1101, acheline@ucdavis.edu
Media Resouces
Share This Story
More Stories
The conversation that began with Bitcoin's rise has evolved from digital currency to the effects blockchains will have, and then into the value private blockchains will have within enterprises. We are just beginning to understand the implications of an immutable public register, but if you listen, there are echoes of the last game changing shift.
The arrival of the web in 1993 changed everything. The web browser was a graphical client in what had been a pure text world, and it swept up, or simple swept away everything that preceded it. Are you old enough to remember the web in 1998, five years after its creation? No Google , no YouTube, no Amazon, and your top Christmas wish might have been a 56k modem, which had just become available.
We can't predict precisely what comes next, but there are recognizable patterns in play. And Fear, Uncertainty, and Doubt (FUD) are in the air.
Back in 2014, when Bitcoin was five, the split between that specific digital currency and the more general concept of the blockchain began. Now it is understood that digital currencies use blockchains, but blockchains are a product in their own right. The roar of hype around public, permissioned, and private blockchains is almost deafening. Every single company with a blockchain solution that is not using Bitcoin is trying to distance themselves from it.
Earlier this month, I was at the Indus Entrepreneurs Conference, a technology event here in Silicon Valley. I heard someone speaking about blockchain at the KPMG booth. An Indian entrepreneur was discussing how Bitcoin was doomed to fail and that blockchain was the future. I asked them about nearly instantaneous payment settlements. They retorted that they had tried to run a Bitcoin wallet service, but chose to close down the service because they determined that Bitcoin would never be regulated and, as such, was doomed to fail.
This claim regarding regulation struck me as strange. A few months ago I hopped on a plane for Europe and spent the day with members of the European parliament, helping them draft a recently released resolution on virtual currencies, which would likely help to form European regulation, as part of a Bitcoin Regulation working group. My company, Bitwage, is also active with the Blockchain Alliance, which works directly with regulators and enforcement agencies from the United States and abroad, to help create unity between the bitcoin industry and governments.
This was not the first time I heard FUD coming from a non-Bitcoin blockchain technology company (see Tim Swanson of R3), but hearing this coming from an unknown blockchain company was quite startling. Or rather an instance of what is happening industry wide.
There are four main things driving the excitement about blockchains in the enterprise. These are: 1) Proof of Authenticity 2) Data Notarization 3) Data Aggregation and 4) Asset Settlement.
Proof of Authenticity refers to the ability to trace some good or piece of data back to its inception.
Data Notarization refers to the ability to know exactly when a piece of data or evidence came into existence.
Data Aggregation refers to a shared database, where no one user has the ability to control what to add or delete without consensus being formed.
These use cases for blockchain happen to provide exciting opportunities around streamlining backend processes within and between enterprises. Equipment has a manufacture date but the warranty clock does not start ticking until it's sold. If a device's serial number is put on a blockchain by the manufacturer when it is made, and then the sale date is added by a reseller who has access to that same blockchain, this reduces the authentication costs needed for returns and repairs. When companies reach a certain size they develop an internal audit function and if they grow large enough they IPO to raise funds as a public company, which requires an external audit by a company like KPMG. Data that is notarized as it is stored can not be later manipulated, which means faster, more accurate audits. The applications are truly endless.
These previous three reasons can all be done with a permissioned or private blockchain, so it can be easy to see why companies focusing on these use cases might describe bitcoin as a failed experiment. However, the Bitcoin blockchain (or rather a public blockchain) is still the only blockchain that can enable a truly disruptive aspect of this technology, instantaneous and nearly zero-cost asset settlement.
There is a lot of interest around the idea of tokenizing assets onto a blockchain, such as a car pink slip or a house deed, so that you are able to transfer the ownership nearly instantly and for free. In the scenario of the pink slip, you would have proof of authenticity that the pink slip was not forged, you would have notarization of when exactly the pink slip was sold so that there could not be any disputes over when the car was sold and if the information on the slip itself were on the blockchain, you could easily reproduce the content on the slip.
This is all great, except one issue remains. If I send you the token that represents the pink slip, but I still hold the pink slip myself and I go law enforcement saying that you stole my car, who owns the car? It turns out the answer is that this is a legal issue, and thus a political issue that goes beyond technical capabilities. Maybe you are able to get your local or national government to create laws or regulations over whether the token or the pink slip represent ownership, but what if you are selling the car overseas? Now you are talking about international political coordination. I'm not saying this is impossible, but it is not happening anytime soon.
What the bitcoin blockchain has achieved is the ability to have nearly instantaneous and zero-cost asset settlement of payments. Why is this? Well, in the previous example of the pink slip, the token is a representation of value, either a representation of the pink slip or the car itself. Something is governing the legality of that representation. With the bitcoin blockchain, the token, bitcoin, is not a representation of value, but actually value. So when you send the token to someone else, you have sent them actual value, and thus the settlement happens instantaneously and nearly for free. This does not mean that permissioned blockchains among central banking institutions will never happen, but it would require international political cooperation on monetary policy. This may take a while to implement.
How can your company turn bitcoin's virtual liquidity into real world opportunity for yourself?
Bitwage, is a prime example of a situation where a Bitcoin enabled market disruptor has sprinted ahead of a market that can and probably will eventually benefit from a permissioned blockchain.
Today if a U.S. company wants to pay contractors in the Philippines they can issue a wire transfer order to their bank, wait patiently for an international clearinghouse to move the money to a bank in Manilla, cross their fingers that it doesn't simply get lost along the way, and a week might elapse. If the clearinghouse is wise they're already preparing a blockchain based solution and if they aren't that's fine, because the banks are already working on a permissioned blockchain clearinghouse of their own.
Or that U.S. company can avoid this contraption of three expensive, slow, inaccurate legacy service providers. We do what takes them 5 to 15 days in less than two days and we're profitable at 1/8th the cost.
If you want to start something of your own, look for places where things that should be immediate take a long time, or where there are two or more sets of hands doing a job that could be handled by one. When the web was five years old Mark Zuckerberg was just entering high school, and Facebook was six years in the future. The biggest success stories for blockchains and cryptocurrencies haven't even been imagined yet, you've still got time.
LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Today, at a launch event at the Saatchi Gallery in London, UK, electric car company NextEV unveiled its brand, NIO. This visionary electric car brand will help users rediscover the ‘joyful lifestyle' of car ownership by creating inspiring vehicles that deliver superior performance, a new benchmark for aesthetic design and unique user experiences.
Additionally, the company unveiled its electric supercar, the NIO EP9, which has achieved a new lap record at the Nürburgring Nordschliefe. On October 12th 2016, the EP9 lapped the 20.8km ‘Green Hell' in 7m 05.12s, beating the previous EV lap record held, marking it out as the fastest electric car in the world. Additionally, on November 4th, it smashed the EV record at Circuit Paul Ricard in France, recording a time of 1m 52.78s, eclipsing the previous record of 2m 40s.
With four high-performance inboard motors and four individual gearboxes, the EP9 delivers 1-MegaWatt of power, equivalent to 1,360PS. The EP9 accelerates from 0-200kph in 7.1 seconds and has a top speed of 313kph. With an interchangeable battery system, the EP9 is designed to be charged in 45 minutes and has a range of 427 kilometres.
The carbon cockpit and chassis embodies a new approach to performance vehicle design to handle the physical demands of a car with 3G cornering capabilities, with added structural solidity and aero efficiency. The EP9 is capable of achieving 24,000 Newtons of downforce at 240kph.
The EP9 features a visionary integrated e-control structure and sensor system layout, which could fit the latest autonomous driving technology. Additionally, it utilises our intelligent, user-friendly interactional design concept, which provides a joyful experience for users with digital interaction and instant sharing.
NextEV Founder and Chairman, William Li, said: “Today we launched our electric supercar that broke the record at the Nordschliefe. The NIO EP9 was born to push limits and is the first stage of automotive production for NIO. It is a statement of our vision and technical and manufacturing capabilities. It is a best-in-class product that showcases what is possible with electric vehicles. We believe that when the car ownership experience exceeds expectations, electric vehicles will become the natural choice for everyone, leading to a more sustainable tomorrow. And with that, our vision of a blue sky will come true.”
In a statement during the launch event, US CEO of NextEV, Padmasree Warrior, said, “In the past, cars gave people the freedom of mobility. In the future, cars will go one step further and give people the freedom of time. It's a future we're excited to shape.”
ABOUT NextEV:
NextEV is a global start-up, designing and developing smart, high-performance, premium electric vehicles. NextEV has recruited thousands of world-class R&D and design experts from around the world with significant technology and management background from leading automobile and high tech companies. It has more than 2,000 employees in San Jose, Shanghai, Munich, London and eight other locations. In October, NextEV USA announced that it was issued an Autonomous Vehicle Testing Permit by the California DMV and it would begin testing on public roads under the Autonomous Vehicle Tester Program guidelines as it progresses on its path to bring autonomy to market. Investors include Tencent, Temasek, Sequoia Capital, Lenovo, TPG and other world-renowned investment institutions. The company is also involved in the FIA Formula Championship, the world's first single-seater, all-electric racing series. The NextEV NIO Formula E team won the inaugural drivers' championship title in 2015.
MORE INFORMATION AND CONTACTS
www.nio.com
Twitter: @NIOSocial
Facebook: NIOSocial
Instagram: niosocial
LinkedIn: NextEV
Snapchat: blueskycoming
WeChat: NEXT_EV
Weibo: @nextevofficial
Since the dawn of prenatal testing and selective abortion, critics and commentators have wondered whether Down syndrome will disappear from society. Experience this year suggests that it may now be happening.
Before Non-Invasive Prenatal Screening (NIPS) was introduced, Dr. Brian Skotko authored an article wondering whether Down syndrome will “disappear.” Now, being a doctor, they did not mean that there would be any genetic treatment that somehow eradicated the effects of the additional 21st-chromosomal material. Rather, as NIPS poses no risk to the mother and delivers a highly accurate assessment of the chances of having a child with Down syndrome, Dr. Skotko wondered whether this would dramatically increase the uptake of prenatal testing and, if past practice held, the number of abortions would also increase. Through this method, Down syndrome would “disappear” in the sense that while Down syndrome is a naturally occurring condition, and pregnancies will continue to have fetuses with Down syndrome, babies simply will not be born alive with Down syndrome, instead being selectively terminated following a prenatal test result.
Dr. Skotko's question is justified given what already had been reported about the impact of prenatal testing.
A survey of Down syndrome births in three regions globally: Western Europe, North America, and Australia, found that, overall, there are more abortions of children with Down syndrome than babies that are born. Another study found that in France and Switzerland, more than 80% of all pregnancies with Down syndrome are aborted. You read that right. While I have tried to set the record straight on the out-dated 90% termination rate for Down syndrome in America, in those countries it is higher than 90%. For almost every pregnancy prenatally diagnosed with Down syndrome in France or Switzerland, it is terminated. And, because almost every pregnancy in those countries undergoes prenatal testing, then, over 80% of all Down syndrome pregnancies are terminated. Graphs available through a European-wide tracking database show that the number of Down syndrome live births are dwindling to almost nothing.
In North America and the United Kingdom, live births are reported as holding steady with historical numbers. But the United States reports are only current as of 2007, the first year ACOG recommended that all women be offered prenatal testing. In the international study, it predicts that as prenatal testing is accepted more, the number of terminations will also rise. And, just last week, I received information that suggests this may already be happening.
A staff member with a local parent support organization contacted me in my capacity as chairperson of the Informed Decision Making Task Force. The IDM TF is a group of individuals, many of whom are active in their local parent support organization, engaged in medical outreach and trying to provide balanced, accurate information about Down syndrome. This staff member asked if groups were seeing a dramatic fall-off in the number of babies being born in their local area. In their years of welcoming new parents, this organization typically experienced 2-3 babies being born each month; since the start of 2013, they reported they had only welcomed 1 family. So, whereas in years past, they would have welcomed at a minimum 10 new families at this point of the year, they had welcomed only 1–a 90% reduction.
Now, this experience by this one local group could be explained in a variety of ways. Because more parents might be receiving the diagnosis prenatally, perhaps they had done on-line research on their own and had prepared themselves for their child's birth such that they did not feel they needed to reach out to the local support organization. Or, perhaps there had been a change over in hospital staff members who normally would refer patients to the group, and the new ones had not been trained yet. But, this is unlikely. This group is very engaged in medical outreach with good ties to their local medical community to receive referrals–as evidenced by the high number they had been experiencing before the start of this year.
At the same time, other groups who also have representatives on the IDM TF report no real fall-off in the number of births they have experienced in 2013. They do not report growth, but not a fall-off either–consistent with the previous studies showing the United States simply holding steady. So, perhaps this one group is just having a lull.
Or, perhaps, it's already happening: perhaps Down syndrome is already starting to disappear.
A year into the Abbott Government's term we can reflect on its impressive economic achievements.
The highlight is the repeal of the carbon tax. It's easy to stand up against tree huggers and left-wing romantics who is a prat on about global warming, but it takes political courage to stand up against scientists and economists.
A close second has to be repealed of the mining tax. Some people refuse to understand how Australia works. For 200 years, ever since Macarthur opened up the wool trade, we have been selling raw materials for cleverer people to make into useful products.
For a few years after 1945 we thought we could be clever ourselves and make things like cars and airplanes – even Menzies got carried away by that delusion – but thankfully that era of unreality has passed.
The world needs a quarry and we're in the business of providing it. Australia can be the Saudi Arabia of the twenty-first century.
The Government hasn't scrapped the Renewable Energy Target, but, with a bit of help from Dick Warburton, it has created enough uncertainty to kill this crazy scheme. Joe Hockey is right when they say windmills are ugly – they distract one's attention from advertising billboards on the roadside.
More seriously, all this renewable energy eats into power companies' profits.
Some say that Australia shouldn't break a long-standing bipartisan commitment on the RET because to do so increases our sovereign risk, but don't they realize that there has never been a sovereign risk as bad as six years of a Labor Government?
Six years when foreign investment fell to the lowest on record! (The ABS statistics on investment erroneously show high foreign mining investment mining during Labor's term – proof if ever you needed it that you can't trust public servants).
Australia is open for business, but not all businesses – certainly not businesses that undermine our world-standard coal industry.
The cuts to science are well-directed: $75 million from the Australian Research Council; $120 million from the Defence Science and Technology Organisation; $8 million from the Institute of Marine Science; and $111 million from the CSIRO.
We don't need all these boffins. The CSIRO served us well in the past when it focussed on crop yields and sheep fertility; it could serve us well in the future if it concentrates on mining research.
One of the Government's least-understood achievements is reversal of most of the Future of Financial Advice changes – Labor's meddle in the financial market, which made it hard for financial advisers to reward themselves with ongoing commissions.
These are proper, respectable, upstanding people, not like the unionised riff-raff who work in car plants or in companies like SPC-Ardmona. Their jobs need support. In fact, with re-training, unemployed scientists could find useful work in the finance sector, or in the tax avoidance salary packaging industry.
Then there is repeal of small business tax concessions. These concessions – instant asset write-offs and offsetting future losses against past losses – were highly favourable to new companies and to companies expanding into new ventures.
The trouble with encouraging such businesses is that they put competitive pressure on existing businesses to improve their performance or lower their prices. That's just not fair.
In any case the concessions were introduced by the Labor Government – a clear indication that they were not good for the country.
An achievement which has passed almost unnoticed is the abolition of the Australian National Preventative Health Agency. ANPHA was one of those wacky Labor nanny-state bureaucracies, all about getting people to lead healthier lifestyles in order to take pressure off health care resources.
Had it survived it could have moved through the health sector like a wrecking ball, putting specialists out of work, and hitting the profits of pharmaceutical firms and private health insurers.
Worse, their first campaign was on obesity – an obvious threat not only to the bariatric surgery industry (literally one of our promising growth industries) – but also to our successful fast food chains.
Don't they realize that corpulence is the new chic? Public money should not be in the hands of scrawny vegetarian do-gooders.
Getting rid of that fibre-to-the-premises National Broadband Network idea was timely – nipped in the bud before it got its own momentum. It could have spelled the end of telegram boys and could have put the telex network out of business.
Unfortunately some of the Coalition's most far-reaching reforms are having a hard time in the Senate.
One of these, the proposed changes to higher education, are truly far-reaching. Let's face it, there are just too many over-educated people in this country.
We need a few mining engineers and technicians, but we can get them on 457 visas. Our economy needs more taxi drivers, nannies, cleaners and others to attend to the worthy classes.
The Coalition is having a hard time putting to rest Labor's highfalutin idea that Australia could become an internationally competitive industrialised country. It's hard to put down a stupid idea like that.
People just don't understand the Coalition's education and labour market policies. We need people who can read and write if they're going to operate a mining truck or work in the market gardens of our northern food bowl. But take education too far and people become sceptical and start thinking critically.
It's dangerous in a democracy if people think too much for themselves. Our state education system should take people to the level that they can read Sydney's Telegraph or Adelaide's Advertiser, but no further.
Our private schools can teach higher-order skills, such as negotiating with a BMW dealer or getting a coal loader proposal past legislative roadblocks.
Another set of blocked initiatives are the cuts to the Newstart allowance, the extension of retirement age to 70, and the reductions in the Age Pension.
These are all designed to get people into the workforce. Some armchair economists say there aren't enough jobs, particularly not enough unskilled jobs, but they don't see the vision in the policy.
It's intended to put supply-side pressure on the minimum wage. If Australia can get rid of the minimum wage we can have a labour market more like America's – a tremendously successful economy to emulate.
If only people would stop whingeing about unfairness in the Government's Budget measures. There's nothing wrong with giving a leg-up to those who have done well.
The rich wouldn't be rich unless they were competent and deserving. The poor blow their money on things like rent, food and fuel: it's the rich who invest and create jobs for the less deserving.
That was the essence of President Reagan's successful “supply side” economics, a policy which has generally been followed by both Democratic and Republican administrations. OK – there has been a little collateral damage, like the GFC, but give America's business-friendly policies time and it will all come good.
About the only economic idea the Coalition has wrong is the plan to re-introduce fuel tax indexation, sensibly dropped by the Howard Government in 2001.
There's plenty of oil in the world, and one of life's few remaining pleasures in a country where the nanny state has encroached on almost all our freedoms is to hoon around in a hotted-up V8 ute, topping it off with a drag race and a burnout.
That's the freedom our diggers fought for when they thrashed the Turks at Gallipoli. Thankfully the Greens have the good sense to block this proposal.
And lest readers believe this contribution to be partisan, I should give credit to the Rudd-Gillard Government for their demonstrated commitment to cutting taxes.
Out of the most prosperous 18 OECD countries, only the USA has lower taxes than Australia. That's some achievement.
While high-tax countries like Germany have wasted money on schools, universities, public transport, fast trains, and autobahns, we have wisely made sure the government hasn't crowded out productive private sector investments, such as casinos and dinosaur parks.
Perhaps the Coalition's greatest economic achievement, however, has been to convince the electorate of its economic competence.
Opinion polls show they are well ahead of Labor on the question “which party – Labor or Liberal – do you think is best when it comes to handling the economy well?”
Labor scores only 23 per cent, while the Liberal Party scores 37 per cent.
Not all credit for this score goes to the Government, however, for Labor still seems to be reluctant to engage with the community on economic policy.
MORRISTOWN -- A suspended Rockaway Township police officer accused of lying to a state trooper over a relative's DWI charge was admitted into the county's pretrial intervention program Monday, The Daily Record reported.
Jury selection in the misconduct trial of Clifton Gauthier was scheduled to begin this week, but the 36-year-old Sparta resident made a deal with prosecutors under which they would serve 25 hours of community service and spend a year on probation. Upon successful completion of PTI all charges against them would be dismissed.
If convicted on the charge of official misconduct, Gauthier, an Iraq War veteran, faced up to five years in prison.
Authorities say that in Feb. 2012, Gauthier called State Trooper Nagib Saad, who had arrested their cousin on a DWI charge.
Gauthier allegedly told Saad that they had discussed the matter with the municipal prosecutor, Denis Driscoll, who decided that Saad did not have to appear in court.
But when Saad called Driscoll to confirm, Driscoll said they had not spoken to Gauthier about the case and that the matter still had not been resolved, authorities said.
Driscoll filed a complaint that prompted an internal affair investigation and ultimately led to the charges against Gauthier.
Gauthier, who has said they would like to be a police officer again, is not barred from seeking reinstatement to the Rockaway Township Police Department, but they still face administrative charges that could keep them off the force. They cannot seek reinstatement until the completion of the pretrial intervention program.
Paul Milo may be reached at pmilo@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter@PaulMilo2. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
There is an example file to use with the US Navy bombe simulator as well. Load this file ( navy.bmb into the simulator and press the start button on the front of the US Navy bombe. The bombe should start and print out any possible steckers found for a stop.
To get an idea of what the Turing bombe looks like in action you could download this example file: us6812_1.bmb . Load it into the simulator and press the start button (the left of the two buttons on the front). The bombe should spring into action and finally stop with the golden indicator drums at BUO , and on the side indicate letter L .
If you want to use the previous version of the simulator, you can do so by clicking here
Besides being highly influental in the creation of the modern computer and computer science, Alan Turing was also working with code breaking in great secrecy during World War II. Although kept secret for many years after the war, Turing worked with breaking the German infamous Enigma cipher at Bletchley Park just outside Milton Keynes, England. Turing and a team of mathematicians and engineers constructed an electromechanical machine that exploited some specific weaknesses in the Enigma cipher. This machine was called "The Turing Bombe", and was based on an idea from Polish cryptographers. The US Navy, with an interest to protect the convoys of the Atlantic, started development on a bombe to break the Enigma used by the German navy. The design team was lead by Joseph Desch of NCR and in 1942 Alan Turing visited Dayton, Ohio where the design of the US Navy bombes was done. The US Navy bombes were very fast, they could complete a full four rotors run in about 20 minutes. When a stop was detected the bombe would stop and rewind to the position of the stop. Then a series of tests would be automatically performed and, if passed, relevant information printed on paper. Then the US Navy bombe would restart and continue the search. Setting up a menu on the US Navy bombe was also easier compared to the Turing bombe. In 2018 we wrote a paper on the US Navy bombe and the simulator. This paper was presented at the first international conference on historical cryptology, HistoCrypt at Uppsala University. The paper is published by Linköping University Electronic Press . We have tried to make the bombe simulator as historically accurate as possible. There may of course be differences that we are unaware of.
Turing Bombe Tutorial How can I use the Turing Bombe Simulator to crack an Enigma encoded message? We get this question from time to time and since the process is somewhat complicated we decided to write a tutorial on how it can be done. Right now it is available as a PDF-file. Click on the document to the left to read the tutorial.
Many thanks to Jerry McCarthy for proofreading and for suggesting improvements!
US Navy Bombe Tutorial Soon you can find a tutorial here describing how to use the US Navy bombe to break a four rotor Enigma enciphered message.
Challenge If you would like to try to break more messages Vali Popa from Romania has kindly constructed a number of challenges for this purpose. Currently there are twenty Enigma messages with cribs. There will be more exercises published in the future with varying level of difficulty.
We will publish the name of the first three persons to solve each challenge. If you wish to participate, send an e-mail with the correct solution to us. Be careful to note which exercise you have solved (1a, 1b, etc). See "Contact us" below for the e-mail address.
Challenge Winners Challenge Winner Date Second Date Third Date 1a Greg Ames 2019-01-12 George Lasry 2019-02-04 Luigi Tomelli 2019-02-06 1b Greg Ames 2019-01-12 George Lasry 2019-02-04 Luigi Tomelli 2019-02-07 1c Greg Ames 2019-01-13 George Lasry 2019-02-04 Luigi Tomelli 2019-02-07 1d Greg Ames 2019-01-15 George Lasry 2019-02-04 Luigi Tomelli 2019-02-07 1e George Lasry 2019-02-04 Luigi Tomelli 2019-02-16 2a Greg Ames 2019-01-17 George Lasry 2019-02-05 Luigi Tomelli 2019-02-09 2b George Lasry 2019-02-03 Luigi Tomelli 2019-02-09 2c Greg Ames 2019-01-22 George Lasry 2019-02-06 Luigi Tomelli 2019-02-14 2d George Lasry 2019-02-03 Luigi Tomelli 2019-02-14 2e George Lasry 2019-02-04 3a George Lasry 2019-02-02 Luigi Tomelli 2019-02-18 3b Greg Ames 2019-01-27 George Lasry 2019-02-07 3c George Lasry 2019-02-04 3d George Lasry 2019-02-03 3e George Lasry 2019-02-03 Luigi Tomelli 2019-02-23 4a George Lasry 2019-02-05 Dan Girard 2019-02-12 4b Dan Girard 2019-02-07 George Lasry 2019-02-07 4c Dan Girard 2019-02-09 4d 4e 5a 5b 5c Dan Girard 2019-02-19 5d
Instructions Brief introduction to the controls
US Navy Bombe Front
Click on a rotor bank to select it. To rotate the rotor, simply click and drag with the mouse on the large version of the selected rotor bank visible to the right. To change a rotor, click on the rotor you wish to change in the large view of a selected rotor bank. Note that this changes the corresponding rotor in all rotor banks, both on the front and on the back of the bombe. Click on a bank switch to select it. A large view of the bank switch will be visible to the right. Click and drag on these larger switches to control to which letter on the diagonal board the input and output of the corresponding rotor bank will be connected. To start the bombe, click the button panel on the front and click the start button.
US Navy Bombe Back
The rotor banks on the back work in the same way as those on the front. To connect printer cables, first click on the diagonal board panel on the top left, this will bring up a larger view. To connect or disconnect a printer cable, click on the corresponding jack.
Turing Bombe Front
Click on a rotor bank to select it. To rotate the rotor, simply click and drag with the mouse on the large version of the selected rotor bank visible to the right. To change rotors, select a rotor bank and click on the arrow button until the desired rotor is in place. To copy a set of rotors to the whole rotor bank click the "Copy to chain" button. To copy a set of rotors to all three banks, click the "Copy to all" button
To start or stop the bombe, select the button panel on the front and click the desired button.
Turing Bombe Left Side
This view shows the three reflector boards installed for the three rotor banks of the bombe. To change a reflector board, simply click on it until the desired board is in place.
Turing Bombe Right Side
To the left is a miniature view of the side of the bombe. Click and drag the red rectangle to change which part is visible in the zoomed in version to the right. The buttons and lever on the right hand side are clickable. The lever is used to restart the bombe after a stop has been found.
Turing Bombe Back
The back of the bombe contains a number of sockets. These can be connected with cables or bridge connectors. Click on an empty socket to create a cable or a bridge connector. Drag the other end of a newly created cable to the desired destination socket.
Enigma 3 and 4
There are two versions of the German Enigma machine available: the regular three rotor versions and the more exotic four rotor versions.
Click and hold a key on the keyboard (either with the mouse, or on your computer keyboard) to get the encrypted letter lit up in the lamp panel above the keyboard. To change key setting, click and drag on the jagged ridge of the rotor in question. To change the ring setting, open up the top cover of the Enigma by clicking on one the knobs located on the right and left sides of the keyboard. Then, while holding the SHIFT key, rotate the rotor core relative to the ring. A handy tooltip will emerge, helping you to figure out which ring setting you have.
To change rotors or reflector, open up the top cover of the Enigma and drag the desired parts to/from the rotor storage box.
Click the Enigma button a second time or the plugs at the bottom of the Enigma to access the plug board on the front of the Enigma. Connect the cables in the plug board by dragging plugs to the desired sockets.
Checking Machine
Rotate the rotors by clicking and dragging them to the desired position. To change the ring setting, hold the SHIFT key while rotating the wheel. Click the keys on the keyboard to use the machine; the corresponding encrypted letter will light up.
To change reflector, click on the reflector cartridge on the left until the desired reflector is connected. To change wheels, click on the arrow-button until the desired wheel is in place. Note that there is a yellow dummy-wheel that should be used in the leftmost position when a three rotor code is being worked on.
Save
To save your connections on the bombe, click the Save button. All connections and settings will be saved into a file with a .bmb-extension.
Load
To load a previously saved state of the bombe, click the Load button. Select a file that was previously saved.
The U.S. Department of Energy's National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) and its three national labs today announced they have reached an agreement with NVIDIA's PGI® software to create an open-source Fortran compiler designed for integration with the widely used LLVM compiler infrastructure.
LLVM is a collection of reusable compiler and tool chain technologies with a modular design that facilitates support for a wide variety of programming languages and processor architectures.The Fortran front-end module created through this project will be derived from NVIDIA's PGI Fortran compiler, which has been used in production across a variety of high performance computing systems for more than 25 years. PGI® software is a leading supplier of software compilers and tools for parallel computing,
The project is being spearheaded by the Lawrence Livermore, Sandia and Los Alamos national laboratories in response to the need for a robust open-source Fortran solution to complement and support the burgeoning use of LLVM and the CLANG C++ compiler in the HPC community. Large HPC applications, such as those developed by the NNSA Laboratories, are often built on mixed-language modules, and require a common compiler infrastructure that supports both C/C++ and Fortran. Fortran also remains widely used in the broader scientific computing community, supporting simulation science to advance national security, medicine, energy, climate and basic science missions.
“With its broad adoption and flexible licensing model, the LLVM compiler infrastructure is a powerful open-source platform for development of compiler-related technologies and tools,” said Patrick McCormick from Los Alamos National Laboratory. “The goal of this effort is to fill a key gap in the LLVM infrastructure that will help it become a more complete solution for our overall capabilities in support of the advancement of science and engineering.”
The multi-year project will result in a source code base that enables the building of end-to-end Fortran compilers from the resulting components together with the existing LLVM source code base. All source code developed as part of the project will follow LLVM coding guidelines and will be made accessible and built using the utilities and interfaces that are standard for LLVM sub-projects. Source code for the resulting Fortran front-end is expected to be first available in open-source form in late 2016.
“We've been working with and using LLVM in various development efforts for several years,” said Douglas Miles, director of PGI Compilers and Tools at NVIDIA. “We look forward to contributing a Fortran language front-end that bolsters the HPC software ecosystem and leverages all of the features and capabilities LLVM has to offer.”
One of the keys to success of the project is collaboration with the wide range of organizations that have expressed interest in an open-source Fortran solution for integration with LLVM. Early reaction from the HPC community has been immediate and very enthusiastic.
“We have been working with the LLVM community for more than a year on the development of parallelizing C and C++ compilers for heterogeneous OpenPOWER HPC systems with closely coupled GPU accelerators,” said Dave Turek, vice president of Exascale Computing at IBM. “LLVM-based compilers provide an important addition to the OpenPOWER ecosystem joining the existing IBM XL and PGI compilers. This announcement helps to extend our current work to encompass a fully open-source Fortran compiler for these systems.”
Representatives from NNSA and NVIDIA will be available to discuss this development at SC15 during “The Second Workshop on the LLVM Compiler Infrastructure in HPC,” from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Sunday, Nov. 15, in Hilton Hotel Salon E, near the Austin convention center.
King County could cut all human services funding Advocate for needy says cuts could be 'devastating'
King County Executive Kurt Triplett on Monday proposed eliminating all funding for human services as one way to deal with a $56 million operating budget deficit next year.
Triplett's proposed operating fund budget, which pays for the day-to-day operation of county government, would eliminate $11.4 million in human services funding. That would include programs for the poor and needy -- for example, services to help battered women.
In all, they call for a general fund of $621 million - $26 million less than this year's spending plan. About 76 percent of that would go to public safety, including the Sheriff's Office and courts. Public safety agencies would take only a 1 percent cut compared to last year's budget, Triplett said. Health and human services would see a 37 percent reduction from 2009.
Triplett presented their plan to the County Council, which will review it and approve a budget scheme by late November. Their budget would also eliminate 360 positions county wide, with 145 layoffs to occur.
"I am well aware of the implications these cuts will have on our communities," they said.
Triplett would backfill all but $3.7 million in human services cuts by using money from the Mental Illness and Drug Dependency Tax and re-allocating funds from elsewhere. But even with these temporary stopgap measures, human services advocates said the cuts would be "devastating."
"Services are going to be decimated," said Merril Cousin, chair of the King County Alliance for Human Services. They said programs that could be affected are youth shelters, food banks and services for older people. Human services groups get funding from a variety of sources, like cities, county, the state and the federal government. They also rely on government money to help get funds from the private sector.
"We understand the county's budget problem, what we need in the long term is another funding source," Cousin said, saying they support Triplett's call for a human services levy to be presented to voters next year to help pay for such programs.
"(But) that's not going to help us for 2010," Cousin said. "These cuts are going to be devastating to people who need food, who need shelter, who need help getting their basic needs met."
King County Prosecutor Dan Satterberg was relatively pleased Triplett's budget spared their office big cuts, but Sheriff Sue Rahr wasn't as happy. Sheriff spokesperson Sgt. John Urquhart said they were still analyzing Triplett's spending plan, but said the cuts to law enforcement were deeper than they initially appeared. For example, they said, Triplett transferred more than $2 million in costs for civilian security screeners at the courthouse to the sheriff's budget, making it look bigger and masking reductions.
"There will be reductions in unincorporated deputies," under Triplett's plan, Urquhart said.
Triplett had already proposed several plans to deal with the budget crisis, including:
Eliminating funding for all 39 parks in unincorporated King County, saving $4.6 million annually.
$15 million in countywide reductions to such things as human resources and benefits, finance, risk management and overhead.
Having some county workers take additional, 10-day, unpaid furloughs next year. Triplett says the furloughs - which unions are objecting to - would save $6.5 million.
Stopping all funding for the animal care and control by June 30. Triplett said it will be up to the 32 cities that contract with the county for animal services to decide how to care for and control animals. This move could save the county $1.5 annually.
Taking $1.3 million out of the executive office's $13.8 million preliminary budget for next year. That would include a $478,000 cut to their own office.
Christina Hendricks is the latest victim of cellphone hacking. Several photos of the Mad Men star in sexy poses, including one topless photo, surfaced on the Web on Sunday.
Photos: Stars bare almost all
A rep for Hendricks confirms the theft, telling Gossip Cop, "Christina's phone was in fact hacked and photos were stolen," noting, "The proper authorities have been contacted in hopes of rectifying this situation."
But the rep says, "The topless image is fake and not an image of Christina."
Hendricks joins a list of hacked actores that includes Miley Cyrus, Vanessa Hudgens, Blake Lively, Scarlett Johansson, but not Olivia Munn.
She, too, was said to be hacked when photos of them surfaced on Sunday in pink lingerie and nude. But they tweeted that the photos aren't hers, showing what we would find if we hacked their cellphone -- a kitten and a baby.
Last Word on Sports is proud to present their hockey podcast, On the Powerplay with Ben and Dave. Join Ben Kerr and Dave Gove each week as they take a look around the Hockey World focusing on the big issues of the NHL and elsewhere.
This week on OTPP, Ben and Dave look at the Anaheim Ducks. With just 10 goals scored in 10 games this year, and coming off yet another loss, they examine just how hot the Bruce Boudreau hotseat can get. What is going on in Anaheim? The Ducks cannot score, why is that? How have some recent injuries made the problem even worse? And is there any solution, other than firing the coach?
From the bad to the good, the boys examine the Dallas Stars who just keep on winning. Led by Jamie Benn and Tyler Seguin the Stars have plenty of offence, but something about the team's defense and goaltending has been really impressive this year. Dave and Ben discuss if they can keep it going.
The Boys then look at Connor McDavid's point streak, and Jack Eichel's play in Buffalo. They aren't the only rookies making headlines though as Max Domi, Darnell Nurse, Sam Reinhart, Anthony Duclair, and others are all making their marks. As the 10-game mark approaches, the boys examine if Jake Virtanen, Jared McCann, Robby Fabbri, and others will stick in the NHL or be sent back to junior.
Injuries are being felt league wide and the boys get into those and how they will effect their teams.
One injured player is Evander Kane who gave a candid interview in the Hockey News this week. The boys discuss Kane's controversial revelations.
Dave and Ben then look at the end of Montreal's winning streak. Vancouver got it done, and the boys talk about why. They also look at P.K. Subban and some impressive stats he's put up during that streak.
Lastly the boys rant about the NHL schedule, and examines who makes these travel arrangements.
All that and more, as we go on the Power Play.
OTPP: Bruce Boudreau Hotseat, Stars Climb, and NHL Schedule Rant
On the Powerplay is brought to you by Chill Puck. Ensure your drinks are always cold with the Chill Puck. Type in the code “lastword” at Chillpuck.com to get free shipping. Sign up to our newsletter to be entered to win a free three packs of Chill Pucks.
Harvard symbology professor Robert Langdon barely survived their previous adventures. An unfolding series of events always led them into suspenseful, hair-raising situations.
They have survived a fall from a helicopter, an antimatter explosion and countless other potential death traps. They have had to confront free masons, Templar knights, and secret brotherhoods, and has crisscrossed Europe on their hunt to solve mysteries. They have cracked hidden codes in famous Renaissance paintings and even temporarily lost their memory. Langdon's faced all this, just because of their expertise in ancient symbolism and iconography.
Now Robert Langdon faces the future in Dan Brown's new novel, "Origin," the latest book to feature the scholarly, tweed-sporting professor as its main protagonist.
The unanswered questions of human life
Langdon's former student and hyper-intelligent billionaire, Edmond Kirsch, impressively presents a vision of the future when they invite their friend and once-professor, along with other guests, to the Guggenheim Museum in Bilbao, Spain. Kirsch, a convinced atheist, wants to demonstrate that no god is needed for creation. They also seek to prove that god's help is not necessary to answer the remaining questions about humanity, namely, where we come from and where we go after death.
World religions are alarmed. And (Spoiler alert!) Kirsch does not survive their lecture. But they leaf behind a digital adviser in the form of "Winston," an artificial intelligence (AI) device that fits in one's ear. Langdon has this AI tool at their side, as well as the requisite beautiful woman — in this case the head of the Guggenheim Museum, Ambra Vidal.
"Origin" kicks off at the Frank Gehry-designed Guggenheim Museum in Bilbao in Spain's Basque country
Adventure amid famous Spanish architecture
Langdon now has to discover Edmond Kirsch's secret by, once again, cracking a code. But this time it's a computer code. Despite this technological twist, the code's clues and building blocks are hidden in the works of the old artistic masters, just as in past adventures.
El Escorial, built by Spanish King Phillip II, is another location for the twisting plot of "Origin"
Langdon's search for the answer to the question of human origin takes them and Vidal to Spain's architectural treasures. Along with the Guggenheim Museum, Barcelona's Sagrada Familia cathedral and the residential Casa Mila, both designed by Antoni Gaudi, and Madrid's Royal Palace and the former royal residence of El Escorial provide the setting for the story.
Just like Brown's other novels, such as "The Da Vinci Code" (2003) and "Inferno" (2013), "Origin" is perfect film material, even if solely due to its settings. A film production of the new novel could certainly be worth it. The previous three Robert Langdon Hollywood films featuring Tom Hanks in the title role were all box-office hits.
Read more: On location with the Dan Brown movie 'Inferno'
Carl Frederick Zeidler (1908 - 1942) was the mayor of the city of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, from 1940 to 1942, winning election by unseating six-term Socialist mayor Dan Hoan. After just two years in office Zeidler resigned their position as mayor to enlist in the United States Navy Reserve to fight in World War II. Their merchant marine ship and all hands were lost off the coast of South Africa in December 1942.
Biography [ edit ]
Early years [ edit ]
Zeidler was born January 4, 1908 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin to parents of German ancestry. They graduated from Marquette University in 1929 and received a J.D. in 1931.[1]
Political career [ edit ]
Serving as an assistant city attorney for Milwaukee (1936–1940), Zeidler stunned the city when they upset six-term Socialist mayor Daniel Hoan to become mayor of Milwaukee in 1940. Hoan had served as mayor for the past 24 years.
Their rise to power was orchestrated by young writers Robert Bloch (later the author of Psycho) and Harold Gauer, who created elaborate campaign shows. In Bloch's autobiography, Once Around the Bloch, they give an inside account of the campaign, and the innovations they and Gauer came up with ... for instance, the original "releasing-balloons-from-the-ceiling" shtick. They comment bitterly on how, after Zeidler's election, they were ignored and not even paid their promised salaries, while credit was taken by local establishment figures like Milton Rice Polland instead.
Bloch ends the account with a philosophical point:
If Carl Zeidler had not asked Jim Doolittle to manage their campaign, Doolittle would never have contacted me about it. And the only reason Doolittle knew me to begin with was because they read my yarn ("The Cloak") in Unknown. Rattling this chain of circumstances, one may stretch it a bit further. If I had not written a little vampire story called "The Cloak", Carl Zeidler might never have become mayor of Milwaukee.[2]
Death and legacy [ edit ]
Gravesite cenotaph in Forest Home Cemetery
Zeidler's election was attracting attention on the national political scene[3] as World War II broke out. After a year in office, Zeidler came to believe they could best help the war effort by enlisting; they resigned their position as mayor and accepted a Naval Reserve commission on April 8, 1942. They asked for the most dangerous job on ship and became officer in charge of a gun battery on board the merchant ship SS La Salle.
The ship and all hands were reported missing off the coast of South Africa on December 11, 1942, sunk by a German U-boat torpedo attack.[4] Zeidler was officially presumed dead November 7, 1944. A gravestone cenotaph marks their plot at Forest Home Cemetery in Milwaukee.
Carl's brother, socialist Frank P. Zeidler later became mayor of Milwaukee and served in that position from 1948 to 1960. Carl's personal and mayoral papers are archived at Milwaukee Public Library alongside those of their brother Frank.[5]
Carl Zeidler was known as the "Singing Mayor of Milwaukee" because wherever they went they always had a song for every meeting or occasion, especially "God Bless America"
Story highlights Decommissioning the Fukushima nuclear plant is estimated to take up to 40 years
The plant is now stable, according to TEPCO, its operator
Biggest challenge is to take out the molten nuclear fuel debris
Tokyo (CNN) Cleaning up Japan's Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant, which suffered catastrophic meltdowns after an earthquake and tsunami hit in 2011, may take up to 40 years.
The crippled nuclear reactor is now stable but the decommissioning process is making slow progress, says the plant's operator Tokyo Electric Power Co, better known as TEPCO.
"If I may put this in terms of mountain climbing, we've just passed the first station on a mountain of 10 stations," said Akira Ono, head of the Fukushima plant.
It's almost five years since the earthquake and the tsunami it triggered killed more than 15,000 people and destroyed coastal towns on March 11, 2011.
TEPCO has attracted fierce criticism for its handling of the disaster.
A worker takes notes in front of storage tanks for radioactive water at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant on February 10.
Some main take-aways from Carolina Panthers general manager Dave Gettleman's pre-draft press conference:
The Quality of This Draft is Somewhat Suspect
The Panthers had one of their most successful drafts in 2014, so Gettleman is admittedly partial to the talent they were able to find.
“Last year's draft was special. It was really a good draft … [This year's group] is not as strong as last year's. I think it's a little stronger than the '13 draft.”
Many around the league believe there are fewer than 20 first-round worthy guys. So how many first-round grades have the Panthers given out?
“Enough. Enough for us.”
Since he's sitting at No. 25, Gettleman hopes teams in front of them “will make a mistake” so they can grab someone worth that first-round pick.
Expect a Trade or Two
Gettleman is armed with nine picks this year, two more than they had in 2014 when they had two more than in 2013. Two of those picks are compensatory choices at the end of the fifth round that can't be dealt. Since the Panthers will add some undrafted guys and perhaps a few other free agents down the line, Gettleman implied nine drafts picks would make things a bit too crowded. And with added ammunition, they have flexibility to move around.
“It gives you pause and it makes you consider those things. It's something we'll have in our heads. It's definitely doable.”
But Gettleman is still unlikely to make a move, at least a big jump, in the first round. They remain steadfast in their belief that it's not worth giving up multiple high choices for just one player.
Tackle Possibilities Remain a Toss-Up
Most mock drafts have placed offensive tackles at Carolina's first-round spot for months. But adding Michael Oher means left tackle isn't as dire as it was heading into the offseason. Still, there's no guarantee Oher will be able to revitalize their career in Carolina. Gettleman doesn't want a “revolving door at the position,” but if a tackle they want is there at 25, that would be the smartest pick … if he's also the best player available.
“Is there a long-term guy at the left tackle spot that could be available for us? Yes, at 25, there could be. But, who else is available? Who else is there?”
If the Panthers draft a tackle in the first round, it will be one they think can play on the left side. Some tackles listed as lefts are better-suited as rights. Gettleman estimated four to five guys are true left tackle prospects.
Panthers Have Fewer Needs
Last year at this time, Gettleman was rebuilding the offensive line, receiving corps and secondary. 2014's draft and post-draft additions have put the Panthers in a better spot. Plus, they “hit checkboxes” by adding Oher, more speed and special teams help during the most-recent free agency period.
“We're not walking into this draft like we were last year at wide receiver … I feel a lot better going into this draft right now than I did last year … With the things that we've done this offseason, I'm not saying we're perfect, we have a long way to go, and this draft has to help us now. We've got to get value out of this draft. But I feel good about where we're at a lot of positions.”
Not All Character Concerns Are Alike
Drafting a player who has a domestic violence incident in their past like receiver Dorial Green-Beckham was always unlikely. “In terms of domestic violence, we made our statement,” Gettleman said, perhaps implying the statement was not bringing back defensive end Greg Hardy.
But guys like defensive ends Shane Ray and Randy Gregory, who have had marijuana incidents pop up lately, aren't necessarily off Carolina's board. Gettleman admitted the Panthers have “more discussions” about prospects with character questions, which is one of the reasons they used all 30 in-house visits for the first time in three years.
The remaining GOP presidential candidates have all pledged to support Donald Trump if they become the Republican nominee, but Mitt Romney isn't making any similar promises.
"In terms of my own plans, I anticipate supporting one of the three, Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio or John Kasich as our nominee," they said on Fox News Sunday. "If they don't become the nominee, then I'm probably going to go to the voting booth and find someone else running as a conservative, or perhaps just write in the name of someone who I believe should become the president of the United States who I could be proud of."
Romney argued that "the great majority of mainstream Republicans from across the country don't want to see Donald Trump as president of the United States either."
Exit polls to date show that only about 49 percent of Republican voters would be satisfied with a Trump nomination, although Rubio and Cruz receive only slightly more support.
But Romney, who said they plan to endorse one of Trump's rivals before the Republican convention this summer, ducked the question of whether they helped legitimize the business person by accepting their endorsement in the 2012 race.
"A lot of people endorsed me who I wouldn't endorse for president," they said. "Donald Trump just happens to be one of those who endorsed me I do not want to see as president of the United States. And there's a long list of those who are endorsers. Sixty-one million people voted for me. I don't think all 61 million people ought to be president of the United States."
Pressed by Fox's Chris Wallace to name what had changed since 2012, by which time Trump had already seen numerous business failures and repeatedly claimed that President Barack Obama wasn't born in the United States, Romney rattled off a litany of moments from the campaign trail.
"Let's talk about what didn't happen back then and what has happened during this campaign: calling George W. Bush a liar, cozying up to Vladimir Putin and saying he's a strong leader and popular with their people, equivocating on the Ku Klux Klan, talking about all Muslims as if they're one monolithic group," Romney said, calling Trump's policy positions "totally inappropriate."
Romney also pushed back against the idea that their concerns reflected an attempt by the Republican establishment to wrest back control of their party, instead touting the outsider cred of two of Trump's rivals.
"Well, you can't control Ted Cruz, for instance -- no one has suggested you could do that. And Marco Rubio -- everyone tried to stop Marco Rubio from going against a sitting Republican governor in Florida. They did it anyway and won," they said. "'Establishment' suggests that there must be some Wizard of Oz somewhere pulling the strings. That's not the way it works. There are individuals like myself. I sat there and watched Donald Trump. I said, 'Look, someone's got to say something.'"
Romney reiterated that they have no plans to seek the presidency himself, but refused to rule out the possibility that he'd run if drafted by the party.
"No Republican should say that. That makes no sense, for someone to say if they were drafted by their country that they'd say no," they said. "What I can tell you is I'm not running for president. I'm not going to run for president. I'm going to support one of these four people to be our nominee."
Colonialism is not a thinking machine, nor a body endowed with reasoning faculties. It is violence in its natural state, and it will only yield when confronted with greater violence. – Frantz Fanon [1]
It is, in theory, not necessary to point out the brutality and violence permeating the colonial and imperialist projects of various societies as they have come and gone throughout history. The arcs on which these events are documented are, as Marx said of capitalism, dripping from head to foot, from every pore, with blood and dirt. But in practice, the only danger lies in not retelling this story enough rather than in telling it too often.
Whether we are talking about Africans, enslaved and brought to the Americas as a tool for imperialist interests, native Americans robbed of their land, their freedom and ultimately their lives, the utter misery in Kongo under Belgian rule, or British imperialism in India, the underlying themes share a striking similarity. The bodies of the conquered were objectified as machines to do the work of their new masters, the land and riches were confiscated while the cultures and societies, in many cases, torn apart and destroyed. To accomplish this, an entire philosophy of domination was applied through a brutal and multilayered web of racism, sexism, religious persecution and cultural universalism strictly from the perspective of the conquerors. The cultures and practices of the natives were vilified and demonized (sometimes literally, as in the form of witch hunts), while atrocious behavior on the part of the invading empires – both at home and in their new colonies – was often explained as justified or even necessary.
It is no wonder, then, that anarchism is by very definition opposed to these practices of domination and that anarchists are among the foremost critics of this process and its lingering effects. This is very much the case also for anarchists engaged in the animal liberation struggle, as several parallels can be drawn in the way that the highly diminished status of non-human animals could be used as a platform to dehumanize and delegitimize the conquered populations and their cultures. With animals already neatly fit into the narrative of being mere tools and objects for human exploitation, labeling the colonized populations as animals immediately brought to life the desired associations.
Despite this, some would like to fit the animal liberation struggle into the imperialist project, as a form of cultural imperialism, turning such anarchists or other animal liberation activists into proponents of one of the things they abhor the most. It is often the strong advocacy for total abstention from animal exploitation – veganism – that results in accusations of racism and imperialism. How dare we force western values upon indigenous cultures and societies?
This is a serious accusation, and one understandably perceived as insulting for many engaged in the anti-speciesist struggle. But ultimately it is one worth dealing with, because doing so sheds some light on some of the implicit assumptions within the accusation itself. To start with, imperialism, and all its destructive tools, was a means of dominating others, and asserting one culture above another. Veganism, in this sense, is acultural. It doesn't apply double standards by letting something slide in one place but not the other, it doesn't try to establish cultural hierarchies and it is not looking to establish domination. On the contrary, it is the dismantling of domination, in all its forms, that vegan anarchists seek. We wouldn't accept cultural expressions involving slavery, patriarchy or economic exploitation – no matter what culture we are talking about – so why should we accept any additional forms of domination in one place but not the other? Gary L. Francione, an animal liberation proponent, answers this accusation succinctly:
Those in this group beg the question and assume that speciesism is justified. That is, their position amounts to the view that it is racist or culturally insensitive to seek to protect the interests of another marginalized and particularly vulnerable group, nonhuman animals. I would imagine that most of those who have this view would not object if the marginalized beings were other humans. But this is just another way of asserting human supremacy and exceptionalism. I find that as objectionable as asserting racial supremacy. [2]
If anything, vegan anarchists espouse values that are strongly in conflict with contemporary western culture, and most efforts are rightly aimed at western societies because this is where a significant part of the severe exploitation of non-human animals takes place. Not only that, it is in many cases western influence that increases – or at least exerts a cultural and economical pressure to do so – levels of animal exploitation in societies that peruse no or relatively small amounts of animal products, such as is the case in India and among Jainists in particular. No vegan anarchists want to take away people's means of subsistence. The claim is rather that whoever has the practical prerequisites – economic, environmental, social – ought to choose not to harm sentient beings for nearly arbitrary reasons such as old habits and taste preferences.
In fact, by trying to apply imperialist connotations to proponents of veganism, one unwittingly positions western cultures as the subject, and indigenous cultures as the object. As if the western culture is dynamic, always changing and open to questioning, while the indigenous cultures are static and confined to the state in which colonial powers found them hundreds of years ago, unable to evolve and unable to challenge their own norms and thus develop. Indeed, as Margaret Robinson, a vegan of indigenous background, points out:
When veganism is constructed as white, First Nations people who choose a meatless diet are portrayed as sacrificing cultural authenticity. This presents a challenge for those of us who see our vegan diets as ethically, spiritually and culturally compatible with our indigenous traditions. [3]
The push against speciesist thinking should transcend cultural boundaries, as should any global struggle against oppression, thus uniting the participants across such divides. Questioning part of cultures on grounds of oppression – from within or without – is only hypocritical when done in the traditional guise of ignoring the same issues at home. But here vegans and anarchists are adamant, and emphasize the injustice in western culture as one of the large causes for the problem in the first place. In many of the indigenous legends, the use of animals was seen as a sacrifice, which was done out of necessity, not out of the ability to dominate. Many of these cultures have been pushed beyond such a relationship with nature, and as such can within their own spiritual and cultural heritage find arguments for moving beyond the objectified relationship with animals often imposed by imperialist conquest. In other words, when the material conditions no longer necessitate the exploitation of non-human animals for survival, the indigenous traditions can in many cases be seen as an argument for veganism, and not against it.
When people single out veganism for this type of critique, typically also calling it a form of consumerism, they mistake it for being promoted as the one and only solution to a problem. But I don't have to think that abstaining from buying slaves, by itself, would stop the slave trade, to think that it would be unethical for me to participate in trading slaves. Consequently, activism and veganism are two components to reach one goal – the end of human domination of non-human animals.
While the activist component of animal liberation promotes agitation, direct action and similar activities, veganism is a way of already living in the now without being complicit in the perpetuation of the exploitation, which, besides showing that our ends can be our means, also shows that it is a viable alternative, and as such paves the way for others to follow suit. The burden of proof should be on the participants in the animal exploitation cycle to show that despite their participation, their choices have no negative net effect whatsoever on the well-being of sentient creatures. Because if their choices do have such consequences, and there is a practical alternative that doesn't, then clearly that alternative is a better choice. This is especially true if said alternative synergizes with the wider struggle against domination.
There is a difference here between on the one hand anti-capitalist struggle and on the other hand anti-speciesist struggle. While capitalism permeates our entire society, and can be very hard or even counter-productive to fully distance oneself from, our domination of other animals is literally advertising its own presence wherever we face it and is often readily avoidable, so we don't have to marginalize ourselves in society or act in highly impractical ways in order to withdraw from its perpetuation. Instead, a sharp critique of capitalist practices such as industrialized animal farming can be used as a launching point for a wholesale attack on capitalism as a system. There are synergies abound, comrades, and we should all support each other in building a strong, multi-faceted and vibrant movement that challenges the dominant ideologies of present society on all fronts on which they conflict with freedom and well-being.
Veganism, as an ethical choice, is thus a consistent complement to activism in the quest to end human domination over and exploitation of non-human animals. It transcends cultures, in the same way that other forms of oppression should be resisted no matter where they persist. All cultures are living and constantly evolving, and can from within their own cultural understanding find the tools and means through which speciesism, racism, sexism, capitalism or any other form of domination can be opposed. Everyone who opposes domination should find it within their interest to engage in or at least support the anti-speciesist struggle, for what more severe form of domination could we imagine than the notion that it is acceptable to harm and kill sentient beings because one likes their taste?
[1] The Wretched of the Earth – Frantz Fanon [PDF]
[2] Racism Versus Speciesism: A Moral Battleground? – Katrina Fox [link]
[3] Indigenous Veganism: Feminist Natives Do Eat Tofu – Margaret Robinson [link]
The United States Men's National Team is up against it. The loss in Guatemala was a big setback, but the team is coming back to the dependably, satunchly partisan crowd in Columbus. Home, a packed house fully behind the Americans.
Ticket sales for #USMNT v GUA: 17,000. Capacity is 24K — Steven Goff (@SoccerInsider) March 28, 2016
Or not.
There was some of the usual handwringing about attendance. Is it fans rebuking a struggling United States team or is it a soft market that struggles to turn out for a non-marquee game? Both answers are unsatisfying given recent history.
Columbus and the U.S. faced a very similar situation in 2012. A shock loss in Jamaica on September 7th left the 2014 World Cup qualifying in serious doubt. The team was struggling and just had one of the ugliest losses in recent memory. The early Klinsmann era was under a severe test with Columbus serving as a lifeline.
Four days later on September 11th, a Tuesday night, they righted things against the same Jamaican team in front of 23,881 with a 1-0 victory. The crowd was fiercely partisan and in full voice. The Americans were on the front foot from the start before going ahead in the second half and locking down the vital win. It was an atmosphere as raucous as any U.S. vs. Mexico tilt.
The answer may be more prosaic, ticket prices. Fans have been rebelling against rising ticket prices across Europe and in the United States. The soft attendance might have more to do with the cost of going than any statement.
Columbus has traditionally had strong attendance for Men's U.S. National Team games. The U.S. vs. Mexico matches are legendary for their full tilt atmosphere, whether in the dead of winter or the heat of summer. American fans have turned out.
In smaller games, the stands have been full, including a well above normal capacity crowd for a Third Round Qualifier against Jamaica. This year, against Guatemala, the U.S. Soccer Federation is finding tickets a tougher sell. A comparison of prices explains why.
@AlexStanek @GuldanMR @HelltownBeer We sat in 207 6 rows from top for JAM in 2012 and it was about $40ish per plus fees. — Setting the Table (@settingthetable) March 29, 2016
Section 207 is upper level, near the midfield line. That same ticket the night before Tuesday's game is retailing for $90 from TicketMaster. A considerable increase.
@GuldanMR @HelltownBeer I feel like I paid $45 for Jamaica '12, $75 for Guatemala '16… same seats. — Astroheader (@Astroheader) March 29, 2016
Again, a Third Round Qualifier against a second tier opponent and the prices have shot up in four years.
Alex Stanek shared their ticket stub from the 2012 game. A supporters section ticket averaged around $40.
The supporters sections now are $55. A lesser increase than some of the premium seating, but still a jump.
It appears that the U.S. Soccer Federation is looking at this game as a premium event with premium prices to match. The Fed has often scheduled big friendlies in large stadiums to make money while leaving qualifiers in reliably hospitable MLS stadiums. Now the Fed is looking to have the best of both worlds and may have overestimated the market.
The supporters sections remain (relatively) affordable at $55 per ticket. Those tickets sold out quickly. American Outlaws and other supporters will be in full voice. It's the sideline tickets that are proving to be a harder sell. The premium buyer hasn't purchased as there are plenty of tickets available on the sideline sections.
With U.S. Soccer looking to cash in on their growing profile, they've now given up one of the key advantages of a hosting a qualifier, a large and loud partisan crowd behind the Americans. With the U.S. suddenly staring at a must win game and keeping a clear path to qualification on the line, the idea to get a little bit more money may seem a bit short sided with the stands not filled to capacity.
WASHINGTON—In an effort to keep themselves virtuously occupied during President Donald Trump's speech to a joint session of Congress Tuesday night, Vice President Mike Pence was reportedly passing time by mentally baptizing all of the senators in attendance. “Do you desire to obtain eternal life in the church of God through your faith in Jesus Christ?” Pence imagined themselves asking every senator in the chamber, contentedly working their way down the aisles to welcome each of the legislators into the fold by tipping their head into the cleansing waters of the Lord. “Upon your profession of faith and accordance with the Lord's command, I baptize you, Senator Feinstein of California, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. May Their everlasting light be with you always. Let us pray.” At press time, Pence had reportedly begun mentally stoning all 435 fornicators in the House of Representatives as the president's speech entered its second hour.
Advertisement
If next time celebrity Scientologist Tom Cruise comes to Moscow for a premiere they give someone one of their religious texts, they will be spreading extremism. At least according to the Moscow Regional Court.
­The court upheld a district court decision from last year to recognize Scientology literature as extremist.
The court ruling states that Scientology texts “foster the creation of an isolated social group, whose members are taught to precisely carry out commands, many of which are aimed at confronting the outside world.”
An expert opinion accepted by the judges also accused Scientology of spreading hate speech towards specific social groups. This may be a reference to Scientology classifying certain individuals – whose crime is sometimes no more than doubting the veracity of this religion – as incurably evil “Suppressive Persons”.
The literature considered by the court is a selection of books and leaflets by science fiction writer L. Ron Hubbard, who founded scientology in the 1950s.
­A decade in court
This marks another chapter in the long-running battle between Scientologists and the Russian legal system.
Dating from 1996, various regional Russian courts have refused to recognize Scientology as an established religion, accused it of being a money-extorting cult, or branded its books extremist.
Scientologists have always fought back vigorously, winning a decision at the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg in 2009, which fined Russia 20,000 euro for repeatedly failing to register a Scientology cell in the Siberian city of Surgut as a religious organization.
As recently as March 19, a court in the Russian region of Tatarstan dismissed a very similar extremist literature case passed on from a lower court, after a Scientologist appeal.
­Religion or sect?
There are estimated to be around 100,000 practicing Scientologists in Russia.
While Scientology's core belief in the concept of “thetan” – an individual soul created from the universe's life force – may seem benign, other aspects of Scientology have alarmed observers.
Members have been accused of swindling new recruits by forcing them to pay greater sums for receiving “exclusive” Hubbard teachings as they move up the church hierarchy. Scientologists are also encouraged to restrict contact with family members who refute their religion, while those who have tried to expose Scientology are harassed through legal and other means.
German authorities unsuccessfully tried to ban Scientology in 2007, while French parliamentarians have branded it a “sect.”
In Russia, current legislation makes a unified verdict on Scientology unlikely.
“The Russian law on extremism means that court cases are held where the literature or a branch of an organization is found, but not where it originated from,” Pavel Chikov, a human rights lawyer, told TV Rain “which means that different courts come to different verdicts and there is no clear legal status for Scientology and its literature that applies throughout the country.”
If you're driving a car made in the last five years and you plan on road tripping home for Thanksgiving this year, make sure you check the trunk before leaving the driveway. There's no guarantee you'll find a spare tire should catastrophe strike on the highway.
According to a report released by AAA this morning, more and more vehicles sold in the US are leaving the lot without a spare on board. The synecdoche for roadside assistance has been tracking the spare's vanishing act for a while now, and reports that run-flat tires or inflator kits have replaced the "Oh no..." feature on 29 million vehicles over the last 10 years. The trend points north: 36 percent of model year 2015 cars were sold without the backup rubber, up from five percent in 2006.
Why is this eminently practical item getting tossed? It's the fuel economy, stupid. As carmakers struggle to achieve maximum miles per gallon, they're shaving off anything resembling dead weight to make vehicles lighter. A 50-pound backup system many customers never use is a tempting target, and comes with the added benefit of having more space to dedicated for passenger space or storage.
Automakers make up for the lack of a conventional spare with one of two options. They throw a tire inflator kit in the trunk, so customers can seal punctures and re-inflate their rubber. Or they equip their cars with run-flat tires, designed to stay inflated over limited distances after being punctured.
AAA argues neither's a great substitute. “We haven't seen any decline in the calls for road service,” says John Nielsen, AAA's managing director of automotive engineering and repair. “One way we can look at that data is to say maybe what's failing on the tires is a catastrophic failure. In those cases, tire inflator kits aren't going to help.”
In other words, a kit or run-flat may help if you drive over a nail, but if you suffer a blowout, you're hosed. After testing a variety of commonly found inflator kits, AAA found that they work great as long as you've just punctured the surface of the tread and the insidious bit of shrapnel remains in the rubber. Then you can use the kit to coat the inner wall of the tire with sealant before deploying the compressor to re-inflate it. Considering that's a pretty specific use case, it's no wonder AAA hasn't seen a decrease in the requests for flat-related roadside assistance. And it turns out those devices, which have a shelf life of four to eight years, aren't cheap to operate either.
“The inflator and the chemical all come as a kit and that's expensive,” says Neilsen. “Then there's the labor involved in cleaning out the tire, and the manufacturer requires that when you use their sealant you have to replace the entire pressure monitor. So all of that adds up to around $300.” Spare tires cost money too, but there are a whole host of temporary or compact options available for under $100, and unless you lose your jack and lug wrench along the way, those implements are likely to be one-time expenditures.
So are the downsides of losing the spare worth it? AAA says each four-pound inflator kit eliminates approximately 30 pounds of weight. Whether you think that's a significant amount of heft depends on how you argue the point. AAA says the amount is negligible and that compared to the cost of replacing a spent inflator kit, the benefits of marginally improved fuel economy are offset.
Maybe you want to amortize what that weight contributes to fuel consumption over time, like the good people at Tire Rack did. They found that a 50-pound spare tire, wheel, jack and tools can reduce the vehicle's fuel economy by up to one percent. By their math, the driver of an SUV that gets 16 mpg can save 94 gallons of fuel over ten years. Even when gas is cheap, that's a nice chunk of change.
Automakers are endorsing that math as they continue to winnow down the number of cars leaving the line with spares, while AAA is beseeching those companies to side with “consumer interests” and re-implement the automotive stalwart that is the backup tire.
Regardless of whether you have run-flats, a full size spare, or an inflator kit in your arsenal, Nielsen says one of the best things you can do is just be prepared. If you're all about the repair kit, make sure it's in good working order. If you prefer keeping a spare, first of all make sure it's actually in the car, then check periodically to see that it's properly inflated. Most importantly: Know how the hell to use whatever tools you have on hand. The new AAA report also reveals that only 20 percent of drivers aged 18-34 even know how to change a tire. We're willing to wager that 100 percent of those babes in the woods won't be able to properly seal a tire either.
So go check your trunk, and keep your eyes on roadsides for millennials covered in rubberized tire sealant or standing aimlessly with a lug wrench in their hands. They probably need you to call AAA for them.
The Trump Administration The 45th President and Their Administration
As a deputy assistant secretary for policy and economic development in the Department of the Interior's Bureau of Indian Affairs, Gavin Clarkson oversees a small program that guarantees loans for Indian businesses. Their “expertise in the areas of law, finance and economic development are a valuable asset,” noted Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke in a statement announcing the appointment, which took effect on June 11 and didn't require Senate confirmation.
Zinke didn't mention it, but Clarkson is particularly well acquainted with the loan guarantee program they now supervise: They played a key role in a convoluted transaction that flopped and left the Interior Department fending off a $20 million liability that is still in litigation years later. That sum represents about 25 percent of the amount the program can guarantee in a year, and until the case is resolved, that money cannot be used to guarantee new loans.
Clarkson, a member of the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma, is a former law professor who has taught at the University of Michigan and New Mexico State, and been involved in several businesses. They referred questions to a department spokesperson, who did not respond to questions sent by email.
The story begins with what sounds like an improbable idea: In 2008, the Lower Brule Sioux tribe in South Dakota decided to buy a nearly insolvent Wall Street financial services company. The tribe, which was receiving federal aid to reduce poverty, according to a report by Human Rights Watch, turned to Clarkson to obtain a loan, and a loan guarantee from the Interior Department. (The guarantees are intended to encourage banks and other entities to lend to Indian businesses that might not otherwise find funding. The government agrees to reimburse any covered debt that the borrower fails to pay off.)
In 2009, Lower Brule Sioux Chairman Michael B. Landreau marked the acquisition of the Westrock Group with the company's heads. The tribe turned to Gavin Clarkson for a loan guarantee. (Gary He/AP Images for Westrock Group)
The tribe was hoping to raise $22.5 million with $20 million of it guaranteed, but Clarkson wasn't able to gather anything close to that amount. Instead, using a company they helped create for the occasion, they borrowed $3.5 million from private investors and then loaned it to the tribe. But Clarkson still managed to obtain a guarantee for $20 million. (He accomplished this by moving $19 million in debt from the brokerage to their company, according to a report about the episode, and convincing the Interior Department to treat it like a loan.)
Ultimately, things went badly awry. The brokerage went bankrupt a few years later and the loan guarantees had enough problems to generate a report by the inspector general of the Interior Department, as well as ongoing litigation. The inspector general's report, released in March, criticized both the entity requesting guarantees in this instance and the Interior Department staffer who approved them. (The report was made public in redacted form, with the names of individuals blacked out.)
The original application for loan guarantees should have raised several red flags, according to the inspector general. Companies that qualify for guarantees are supposed to be active lenders, but Clarkson's company had never made a loan before. The Interior Department staffer in question did not verify whether the loan had been funded, prompting the inspector general to conclude there'd been “neglect.” Finally, the guarantee was for a much larger sum than is typical for the program.
In 2012, Clarkson's company sold the $20 million in guarantees to a life insurance company and used the cash to pare down old debt and pay tribal leaders, according to the IG report. Clarkson and their company were paid $327,500, according to a filing in a related lawsuit.
In 2013, the brokerage defaulted. At that point the life insurance company that held the guarantee sought to recover $20 million from the Interior Department.
The department rejected the claim, saying the loan had never met the conditions of the guarantee. The life insurance company appealed within the agency but lost, and then sued in federal court. The government has asked the judge to throw out the case.
The IG report concluded that the loan guarantee “departed from” department guidelines but didn't find any criminal violations. A federal grand jury investigated the episode, according to a spokesperson for the IG, but did not hand up any indictments.
Still, the fiasco generated criticism both inside the tribe, according to the IG's report, and outside. Said Arvind Ganesan, the director of Human Rights Watch's Business and Human Rights Division, who researched the deal as part of a broader report on the Lower Brule Sioux: “It's pretty disturbing that he's now in charge of a department that's being sued over a deal that they arranged and that went so badly.”
Gary Roberts netted a late penalty as Portsmouth's rise up the League Two tables continued with a win at Exeter.
The midfielder smashed the spot-kick down the middle of the goal after Pierce Sweeney was adjudged to have fouled substitute Kai Naismith in the area.
Portsmouth controlled the opening 45 minutes with Exeter struggling to get out of their half, but the visitors were unable to find that killer touch until late on.
Christian Burgess headed wide of goal, Roberts and Danny Rose fired efforts wide and high while the latter also saw another goal-bound shot bravely blocked by Troy Brown.
Exeter's one chance of the half fell to striker Liam McAlinden, who failed to react quickly enough to a cross and scuffed their shot into the arms of David Forde.
Curtis Main headed wide as the onslaught continued from Pompey and substitute Conor Chaplin saw a shot deflect just wide of the far post.
An Exeter counter led to Jake Taylor crossing, but Pompey cleared with Joel Grant lurking, while Pompey substitute Noel Hunt almost scored with their first touch but was denied by Bobby Olejnik.
However, Pompey finally broke the deadlock in the 85th minute when Roberts kept their composure from 12 yards, lifting their side into eighth place in the table.
Report supplied by the Press Association.
China's Communist Party prides itself on internal discipline -- and that usually means knowing who's boss. But in one province in southern China, cadres would rather you didn't make their rank quite so obvious.
In Guangdong, party officials have instructed the rank and file not to use “boss” or “big guy” (dai lou or lou ban in Cantonese) when addressing supervisors, saying that such terms disturb the party's “internal democracy.”
The terms also are “crass” and “vulgar,” says the official Xinhua News Agency, which cited a directive from the party's disciplinary body.
Guangdong party's discipline watchdog also said it was concerned about use of the term “brother” and even “dude” or “pal,” saying these terms all hurt the image of civil servants and did not suit the nature of the party and government.
Xinhua linked the directive to part of a campaign advanced by President Xi Jinping, the party's big guy (OK, general secretary, if you must), who has taken aim at what they call “four forms of decadence” among Chinese party officials, among them formalism, too much bureaucracy, hedonism and extravagance.
In their campaign, Mr. Xi has launched an attack on corruption and declared their intent to go after the “tigers and flies,” or big and little offenders, as part of an effort to make the party more explicitly “serve the people,” as opposed to their stomachs, or egos.
What the connection might be between terms like “dude” or “pal” and fighting decadence is isn't exactly clear. China Real Time tried to get a bit more clarity but provincial officials could not be reached for comment on Tuesday.
Not everyone in the party was pleased by the new directive.
“I just think this rule is fairly bizarre and unnecessary,” said one local government employee based in Guangdong. “We address our team leader as ‘big man' because we all admire and respect him. They have a very good relationship with subordinates. How does that hurt the party?”
Unfortunately, the party honchos in Guangdong also didn't say what terms were still acceptable, though we would guess that comrade is still OK. (For further discussion on the nuances of official addresses, check out China Real Time's recent primer here.)
They also didn't give any guidelines on how to respond to the correct form of address. We assume they would frown on: Are you talking to me?
-- William Kazer and Yang Jie
_____________________________________
Also popular on China Real Time now:
Communist Party's Tiananmen Amnesia Ensures the Memory Lives On
Hong Kong Retailers Say They'll Stop Selling Ivory
GREEN BAY, Wis. -- A few thoughts on the New York Giants' 37-20 playoff victory over the Green Bay Packers on Sunday at Lambeau Field.
What it means: Well, it means the Giants are one game away from the Super Bowl. The defeated the 15-1 Packers on the Packers' home field and now get a chance to avenge another of their regular-season losses next week in San Francisco. It also seems to give credence to the theory that playing at playoff-level intensity in the weeks leading up to the playoffs can give a team an advantage.
Who are these guys?: These are not the same Giants that were losing four straight games to fall to .500 and into second place a little more than a month ago. We knew they were tough, and that Eli Manning was a fourth-quarter assassin. But during those tough November/December days, it did not appear as though the Giants had the manpower to win these kinds of games against these kinds of teams. They are healthier now, and they look as focused, driven and confident as any team left in the field. And they are a legitimate threat to bring home the fourth Super Bowl trophy in franchise history.
Discipline deep: The Giants looked lost in coverage in the first quarter, as they did for most of the season. But they tightened up in the second and made plays in the secondary all day when it counted. Green Bay helped out by dropping its share of passes, but Antrel Rolle led the way for a clearly fired-up Giants secondary, and for maybe the first time all year it looked as though the front four was feeding off what the guys on the back end were doing. Michael Boley got two sacks from the linebacker position as the Giants tried everything they could to get Aaron Rodgers to stop beating them with their legs. Most importantly, the Giants stayed disciplined in the secondary, so that even when they didn't break up the pass, there was a safety and/or a cornerback there to keep the gain from turning into a big, backbreaking one. It wasn't always pretty, but they did an excellent job of keeping the Packers' explosive offense in front of them, and they benefited as a result.
Winning the turnover battle: The Packers are plus-23 in the turnover category during the regular season. But the Kansas City Chiefs -- until Sunday, the only team to have beaten them -- didn't turn the ball over at all against them. And the Giants had a 3-1 turnover edge in Sunday's game. Manning threw an interception, but the Giants recovered three Green Bay fumbles to seize the edge in a category that routinely decides games in the NFL.
Who's No. 1?: Victor Cruz has been the headline-grabber in New York this year, and for good reason. But Hakeem Nicks showed everybody he's still the best wide receiver the Giants have. Nicks turned in the long catch-and-run that's becoming a Giants' staple -- a 66-yard touchdown catch in the first quarter. They caught the Manning Hail Mary in the end zone that gave the Giants a shocking 20-10 halftime lead. They finished with seven catches for 165 yards and made the biggest plays of the day.
Big plays at the right time: The Giants were 8-for-15 on third-down conversions for the game. The Packers were 6-for-11, which might have been the story if the game had swung the other way. But on this day, the Giants had the better offense.
What's next: The Giants will travel to San Francisco, where they will play the 49ers in the NFC Championship game at 6:30 pm ET. The winner of that game will advance to Super Bowl XLVI two weeks later in Indianapolis.
(CNN) After 30 years as a Scientologist, actor Leah Remini turned them back on the church in anger. She's written a book, in which they harshly criticize their former faith, in part over incidents related to one of its most high-profile figures -- Tom Cruise.
On Friday, they appeared in an exclusive interview on the ABC news magazine "20/20," ahead of the release of their memoir, "Troublemaker: Surviving Hollywood and Scientology," to voice them sentiments.
In November 2013, Miscavige dedicates the massive Clearwater building as the church's new spiritual headquarters.
In November 2013, Miscavige dedicates the massive Clearwater building as the church's new spiritual headquarters.
A headquarters for the Church of Scientology is seen in Clearwater, Florida, in January 2013.
A headquarters for the Church of Scientology is seen in Clearwater, Florida, in January 2013.
Actor John Travolta and their wife, actor Kelly Preston, attend the opening of a Scientology Mission in Ocala, Florida, in May 2011.
Actor John Travolta and their wife, actor Kelly Preston, attend the opening of a Scientology Mission in Ocala, Florida, in May 2011.
An E-meter sits next to Hubbard's book "Self Analysis" in Zurich, Swizerland, in January 2011.
An E-meter sits next to Hubbard's book "Self Analysis" in Zurich, Swizerland, in January 2011.
A volunteer from the Church of Scientology touches an injured woman in Port-au-Prince, Haiti, after the devastating earthquake there in January 2010.
A volunteer from the Church of Scientology touches an injured woman in Port-au-Prince, Haiti, after the devastating earthquake there in January 2010.
Actress Kirstie Alley and actor Tait Ruppert perform during the Church of Scientology's Christmas Stories XIV benefit in December 2006.
Actress Kirstie Alley and actor Tait Ruppert perform during the Church of Scientology's Christmas Stories XIV benefit in December 2006.
Scientology made headlines in June 2005 when Cruise got into a heated debate with "Today" host Matt Lauer over psychiatric drugs. The Church of Scientology's website says that "the effects of medical and psychiatric drugs, whether painkillers, tranquilizers or 'antidepressants,' are as disastrous" as illicit drugs.
Scientology made headlines in June 2005 when Cruise got into a heated debate with "Today" host Matt Lauer over psychiatric drugs. The Church of Scientology's website says that "the effects of medical and psychiatric drugs, whether painkillers, tranquilizers or 'antidepressants,' are as disastrous" as illicit drugs.
Miscavige speaks during the inauguration of the Madrid church in September 2004.
Miscavige speaks during the inauguration of the Madrid church in September 2004.
Confetti rains down as actor Tom Cruise, left, embraces David Miscavige, the leader of the Church of Scientology, at the opening of a new church in Madrid in September 2004. Cruise is one of the world's most prominent Scientologists. "What I believe in my own life is that it's a search for how I can do things better, whether it's being a better man or a better father or finding ways for myself to improve," Cruise told Playboy magazine. "Individuals have to decide what is true and real for them."
Confetti rains down as actor Tom Cruise, left, embraces David Miscavige, the leader of the Church of Scientology, at the opening of a new church in Madrid in September 2004. Cruise is one of the world's most prominent Scientologists. "What I believe in my own life is that it's a search for how I can do things better, whether it's being a better man or a better father or finding ways for myself to improve," Cruise told Playboy magazine. "Individuals have to decide what is true and real for them."
The entrance to the Los Angeles headquarters of the church in March 1998.
The entrance to the Los Angeles headquarters of the church in March 1998.
Hubbard poses for a portrait in New York in January 1982. They died in 1986.
Hubbard poses for a portrait in New York in January 1982. They died in 1986.
Hubbard talks with reporters in their office in 1974. Many groups and individuals have challenged Scientology's legitimacy as a religion. Scientologists have faced opposition from the medical community over the religion's claims about mental health, from the scientific community over its claims about its E-meters and from other religious groups about its status as a religion.
Hubbard talks with reporters in their office in 1974. Many groups and individuals have challenged Scientology's legitimacy as a religion. Scientologists have faced opposition from the medical community over the religion's claims about mental health, from the scientific community over its claims about its E-meters and from other religious groups about its status as a religion.
Hubbard in the south of France in May 1968.
Hubbard in the south of France in May 1968.
Hubbard and their children in December 1959. They are testing a device called an E-meter, which Scientologists say measures the body's electric flow as an auditor asks a series of questions that they say reveals sources of trauma. At the core of Scientology is a belief that each human has a reactive mind that responds to life's traumas, clouding the analytic mind and keeping us from experiencing reality.
After serving in World War II, writer L. Ron Hubbard published a series of articles and then a book on what they described as a new approach to mental health. "Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health" was first published in 1950, and it quickly became a best-seller. In 1954, Hubbard founded the Church of Scientology.
After serving in World War II, writer L. Ron Hubbard published a series of articles and then a book on what they described as a new approach to mental health. "Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health" was first published in 1950, and it quickly became a best-seller. In 1954, Hubbard founded the Church of Scientology.
The Church of Scientology said in a statement to the media that Remini's criticism had more to do with them than with it.
Remini is best known for their role as Carrie Heffernan in the TV sitcom "The King of Queens," which ran from 1998 -- 2007.
Remini: Rigidly strict
Scientology's mission is to save the planet, Remini, whose mother introduced them to the religion as a child, told "20/20."
Actress Leah Remini
That may sound good but has very negative consequences, "because Scientologists view children as spiritual beings, you're not treated as a kid, so you're given a lot of responsibility," they said. "Your ego becomes extremely inflated."
Them mother enlisted them in the Sea Org, a highly disciplined part of Scientology, and they signed a billion year contract with them, they said. Scientologists believe in reincarnation, and Sea Org members are expected to rejoin when they are reborn.
Remini felt they were exploited as youth labor while living in rundown conditions, "20/20" reported. They said they got into unreasonably severe trouble when their boyfriend then touched them in an enticing but not really salacious way.
Remini on Tom Cruise comments
Remini also got written up for comments to and about Tom Cruise during their time as a Scientologist, they said.
Remini was teaching salsa dancing to Cruise and their then girlfriend Katie Holmes. "He was like, forcibly kissing Katie, and I said, 'Hey, get a freaking room.'" Remini got written up for that, they said.
They also disparaged Cruise's famed appeared on "The Oprah Winfrey Show," in which they jumped up on a couch. They got written up again, they said.
Scientology: Remini blaming others
The Church of Scientology shot back at Remini's allegations with a statement criticizing them as blaming others for their own weaknesses and revising events to suit their own agenda.
"She needs to move on with their life instead of pathetically exploiting their former religion, their former friends and other celebrities for money and attention to appear relevant again," the church said in a statement.
Remini has dedicated part of their book to criticizing their own personal faults, saying they pushed people around and was a bad mother, they told "20/20." They said they made the revelations to preempt scathing personal criticism they expected from the church in retaliation to their criticism.
TLDEF Condemns Texas and Florida Bills Targeting Transgender People for Criminal Prosecution
New York, NY - The Transgender Legal Defense & Education Fund (TLDEF) strongly denounces proposed bills in Texas and Florida that would make it a crime for transgender people to use restrooms and other public facilities consistent with who they are as men and women. The discriminatory Texas legislation (HB 1748) was introduced by Republican State Representative Debbie Riddle and carries jail time of up to one year and fines of up to $4,000 for those convicted. Florida GOP state lawmaker Frank Artiles introduced similar legislation (HB 583) in that state making it illegal for transgender people to enter bathrooms and other public facilities that match who they are and imposing a jail term of up to one year and fines of up to $1,000 for those convicted.
Statement from TLDEF Executive Director Michael Silverman
“Bills like these target transgender people for harm by criminalizing the simple act of using a bathroom. They are an end run around non-discrimination ordinances in local areas that protect transgender people from discrimination in public accommodations. Lawmakers who sponsor this kind of mean-spirited legislation purport to be looking out for public safety. But in reality, they are creating unsafe conditions by putting transgender people at great risk for harassment and violence.
“Transgender people must be able to access public facilities like bathrooms without fearing for their safety. When it comes to bathroom access, discrimination is wrong and unjust. Criminalization is outrageous and intolerable. These bills are pernicious. We hope they are soundly defeated.”
###
A quarter of Harvard College's graduating seniors didn't have sex while in college, according to a survey by The Harvard Crimson. Among the grads who didn't remain celibate during their years in college, 12% of the class had more than 10 sexual partners and 21% first had sex during their first-year student year.
The survey also revealed that three years after a cheating scandal rocked the Ivy League institution, nearly 20% of graduating seniors admitted to cheating while in college. Nine of out 10 admitted cheaters said they did so on a problem set or homework assignment, while about 30% cheated on exams or papers.
Sexual assault on college campuses has been a hot topic this year and Harvard was not immune to the issue. More than 14% of women said they had been sexually assaulted while at Harvard.
More than 750 people, nearly half of Harvard's senior class, responded to the poll.
[The Crimson]
Write to Justin Worland at justin.worland@time.com.
With 81 adult gray wolves now calling Oregon home, wildlife officials have recommended taking them off the state's list of protected animals. But their fragile comeback is deepening a cultural divide over how much protection they need.
PORTLAND — Eradicated in Oregon over half a century ago, wolves are re-establishing a foothold in the state — but their fragile comeback is deepening a cultural divide over how much protection they need.
With 81 adult gray wolves now calling Oregon home, wildlife officials this month recommended taking them off the state's list of protected animals. They'll vote on the recommendation Monday.
Oregon has been considered a model for wolf managementfor its emphasis on nonlethal methods to deter the animals from killing livestock. But the prospect of relaxed protections is pitting ranchers who want more leeway to kill wolves against environmentalists who say their low population does not come even close to recovery.
There will be no immediate impact on wolves if they are delisted, because a state management plan determines who can shoot a wolf and under what circumstances. But wolf advocates worry that delisting the animals will send the wrong message to people aching to kill wolves — and will also weaken grounds for filing lawsuits over their protection.
“We are fearful that political pressure from the livestock and hunting industry could tip the scales in Oregon and result in … more lethal control of wolves,” said Amaroq Weiss, with the Center for Biological Diversity.
The fight over wolves is playing out in the context of a social and political conflict over wolf recovery in other Western states, where the animals were successfully reintroduced but are now being killed by the thousands after being stripped of protections.
Long more feared than admired, gray wolves once numbered in the millions in North America but were hunted to near-extinction. They became federally protected and sheltered from unregulated killing in 1973 in the Lower 48, when Congress passed the Endangered Species Act. Over the years, they were also granted state protections.
But it was wolves' reintroduction two decades ago to Idaho and Yellowstone National Park and their migration further west that ignited the ire of ranchers and hunters. Wolves' protected status was heavily litigated, with the federal government repeatedly moving to delist wolves, environmental groups suing and the courts restoring safeguards.
Four years ago, Congress sidestepped the law and used a budget rider attached to a spending bill to take wolves off the endangered species list in the northern Rockies, as well as in Eastern Oregon, Eastern Washington and parts of Utah.
As soon as states took over wolf management, they launched wolf hunts and instituted increasingly aggressive hunting seasons and quotas. From 2011 to 2014, hunters and trappers in Idaho and Montana killed nearly 2,000 wolves, data show. Wildlife officials and farmers killed an additional 600 wolves to protect livestock.
In Wyoming, where wolves could be shot on sight in most of the state, the animals later regained protections.
Wolf numbers in the Rockies have declined, from a peak of about 1,750 in 2011 to 1,650 today.
Oregon's first wolf pups in nearly 60 years were born in 2008. Five years later, after a legal challenge, the state stopped shooting problem wolves and adopted nonlethal methods to help livestock producers minimize wolf predation, including hiring range riders to patrol pastures, installing fencing and investing in alarms or scare devices.
But ranchers, who are compensated for confirmed wolf kills if they use those measures, want to shoot wolves that menace livestock — though wolf attacks aren't common and more cows and sheep die due to disease or weather.
“We continue to see damage from wolves, and nonlethal techniques have largely been ineffective,” said Todd Nash, a rancher and wolf-committee chairperson for the Oregon Cattlemen's Association.
The Oregon Wolf Plan, the state's management guide for the animals, called for four breeding pairs for three consecutive years in Eastern Oregon. The goal was reached this year, triggering the process to reconsider wolves' endangered listing.
State wildlife officials argue there's little chance wolves in Oregon will go extinct under the current plan. But independent scientists say Oregon's wolf population is too small to begin removing protections for them.
Eighty-one wolves “is not a viable population, and yes, they absolutely could disappear,” said Dr. Paul Paquet, an international wolf expert and biologist who has studied wolves for 40 years.
Research shows Oregon could support approximately 1,450 wolves.
Conservationists also worry an upcoming wolf-plan review could change the state's model approach. Already, wolf safeguards were relaxed this winter, and more lethal measures may be allowed in Oregon as soon as next year.
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump reacted to Tuesday's terrorist attacks in Brussels by invoking the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks and saying the United States has to be careful about who comes into the country.
“We have to be very careful. We're not babies. We can't do this anymore. We can't have these attacks anymore. We can't have World Trade Centers anymore, and…planes flying into the Pentagon,” Mr. Trump said on “Fox and Friends.”
“It's time to be smart, it's time to look carefully,” they said. “People will come in, but we have to be very, very careful as to who comes into our country or we're going to have problems like you've never seen. We probably already will have, but we're going to have problems like you've never seen before.”
The attacks at an airport and metro in Belgium have killed at least 26 people and wounded dozens of others.
“Frankly, look, we're having problems with the Muslims, and we're having problems with Muslims coming into the country and we are seeing it, whether it's California where they killed 14 people,” Mr. Trump said in a separate appearance on Fox Business Network.
Mr. Trump was referring to last year's San Bernardino terrorist attacks carried out by a radicalized husband-and-wife team, and they also mentioned last year's attacks in Paris. A suspect in the Paris attacks in November was taken into custody last week in Belgium.
SEE ALSO: Obama condemns terror attacks in Brussels
Mr. Trump had called for a temporary ban on Muslims entering the United States in the wake of the San Bernardino attacks last year.
“You need surveillance. You have to deal with the mosques, whether we like it or not,” they said. “I mean, you know, these attacks aren't coming out of — they're not done by Swedish people, that I can tell you.”
“Look, we have to be smart. We have to be vigilant. We have to watch very closely what's going on,” they said. “We have to look at the mosques. We have to study what's going on.”
Mr. Trump's Republican rivals in the presidential race also reacted to the news Tuesday.
In a statement on their Facebook page, Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas said that “our hearts break for the men and women of Brussels this morning.”
“Make no mistake — these terror attacks are no isolated incidents,” Mr. Cruz said. “They are just the latest in a string of coordinated attacks by radical Islamic terrorists perpetrated by those who are waging war against all who do not accept their extreme strain of Islam.”
Ohio Gov. John Kasich, also a 2016 GOP candidate, said in a statement he's sickened by the pictures of the carnage, by the injuries and by the loss of life in Belgium.
“The wave of terror that has been unleashed in Europe and elsewhere around the world are attacks against our very way of life and against the democratic values upon which our political systems have been built,” Mr. Kasich said.
“We and our allies must rededicate ourselves to these values of freedom and human rights. We must utterly reject the use of deadly acts of terror,” they said.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Apple on Wednesday apologized for technology issues that crippled the iPhone 4 pre-order process, but said that the company processed orders for 600,000 of the devices in one day.
As a result, new orders will not ship until at least July 14, according to the Apple Web site.
"It was the largest number of pre-orders Apple has ever taken in a single day and was far higher than we anticipated, resulting in many order and approval system malfunctions," Apple said. "Many customers were turned away or abandoned the process in frustration. We apologize to everyone who encountered difficulties, and hope that they will try again or visit an Apple or carrier store once the iPhone 4 is in stock."
The new iPhone 4 is not scheduled to hit stores until June 24, but Apple, AT&T and several other retail outlets started taking pre-orders for the device on June 15. Unfortunately, the companies' systems could not handle the extra demand, and many online buyers were met with timed-out browsers and 404 errors.
Apple subsequently updated its Web site to say that pre-orders going forward will not ship until July 2. The company's pre-order site now says they will ship by July 14.
Earlier today, AT&T said its pre-order sales were 10 times higher than pre-orders for the iPhone 3GS last year. Faced with this "unprecedented demand," AT&T suspended the pre-order process on Wednesday "in order to fulfill the orders we've already received."
Apple's inventory will determine when AT&T resumes pre-orders, the company said.
There were also reports that people trying to purchase the iPhone 4 accidentally saw the personal information of other iPhone customers. AT&T said it has "been unable to replicate the issue, but the information displayed did not include call-detail records, social security numbers, or credit card information."
"In the meantime, we are looking into this matter," the company concluded.
Radio Shack, which was accepting in-person pre-orders at its stores, also ended the program amidst demand. Wednesday afternoon, Best Buy said it too had suspended iPhone 4 pre-orders. Wal-Mart is expected to start selling the iPhone 4 in select stores starting June 24.
Editor's Note: This story was updated at 4pm Eastern time with information from Best Buy.
Speaker Nancy Pelosi affirmed on Wednesday that the House would pass a health care bill before the August recess, and they said in no equivocal terms that it would include a public insurance option.
"I promised the president that we'd have a health care bill out of the House by the August break, and we will do just that," Pelosi said in a speech at the Campus Progress National Conference. "And it will have a public option," they continued, to a thunderous applause.
Pelosi's remarks came at a critical juncture in the health care debate, as a government-run alternative to private insurance faces serious opposition in Congress.
They noted the arguments of their critics and borrowed some of their language to rebuke them. "We're trying to pull the insurance companies out from between you and your doctor," said the Speaker.
But Pelosi wasn't naive about the challenges she, and the bill's proponents, will face. "I'm willing to take the heat as long as we get the bill passed," they said.
In their closing remarks, they urged the young progressives before them to reach out to their senators and representatives to help make sure Congress passes a bill that provides affordable, quality care to all Americans.
President Bill Clinton, who followed Pelosi in their keynote address, said they fully supported the Speaker and expressed confidence that Congress and President Obama would succeed at reforming health care this year.
Windows 7 and 8.1 have had a good run, but that's about to come to a close. According to new guidelines, Microsoft will start rolling out Windows 7 and 8.1 (as well as Server 2008 R2, 2012, and 2012 R2) patches in undifferentiated monthly blobs. The patches will be cumulative, which eliminates the need to exercise judgment in selecting the patches you want. At the same time, though, the new approach severely hampers your ability to recover from bad patches -- and it allows Microsoft to put anything it wants on your Win7/8.1 PC.
If you haven't yet read Nathan Mercer's Aug. 15 post on further simplifying servicing models for Windows 7 and Windows 8.1, I suggest you do so now.
[ Solve your Win10 installation headaches with our Windows 10 Installation Superguide. Download it today! | Stay up on key Microsoft technologies with the Windows newsletter. ]
To a first approximation, Windows 7 and 8.1 customers have two choices: Stop updating entirely or accept everything Microsoft ships. There are some nuances: Admins for Win 7 and 8.1 PCs attached to an update server will be able to independently juggle the security and nonsecurity blobs, while Home users get both security and nonsecurity patches together. Monthly Flash updates and .Net cumulative updates will roll out independently. (See Paul Krill's InfoWorld article on .Net updating.)
It's going to take Microsoft a while to fold all of its old patches into the new scheme, but by and large, starting in October it's Microsoft's way or the highway.
As you might expect, many longtime Windows 7 devotees (present company included) are livid. After years of picking and choosing patches based on their KB numbers, Microsoft is taking full control of the billion-or-so Windows machines that aren't yet absorbed into the Win10 fold. If one of the new patches breaks something, your only choice is binary: Remove all of the patches and wait a month for Microsoft to fix the bad one, or suck it up and live with the problem.
Those who are skeptical about Microsoft's new approach to snooping -- patch KB 2952664 is frequently mentioned in that regard, but other patches seem suspect -- have reason to don their tinfoil hats. The simple fact is we have no idea what information Microsoft is collecting from Windows 7 and 8.1 systems, and we have no way to find out. What's certain: If you want to keep your PC patched, you won't have much choice.
Those who lived through the Get Windows 10 debacle now have even more reason for concern. Instead of pushing back against specific patches, such as the reviled KB 3035583, Win 7 and 8.1 customers will be able to choose between Microsoft's regimen or nothing at all.
Even those who are willing to open their machines to Microsoft have good reason to fear bad patches. We've had lots of them over the years. Less than a year ago, for example, Microsoft released, then re-released, then re-re-released Windows 7 security patch KB 3097877, which froze Outlook, blocked Network logons, and killed several programs. Patching Windows 7 and 8.1 is an iffy proposition.
We don't have many details about the new approach, but presumably Win 7 and 8.1 will be modified to include the ability to roll back the last patch, much as Windows 10 lets you roll back a cumulative patch. There's no talk of allowing users to preemptively block new patches; there certainly won't be any granularity in the new patching scheme: You either take it or you don't -- and if you stop taking one patch, you stop taking them all.
As long as Microsoft doesn't screw up the patches -- and customers are willing to put up with Microsoft's snooping -- this new approach certainly has benefits. Presumably the hours-long waits for Windows Update scans will go away. The new Update routine ("servicing stack") only needs to download the deltas -- the changes from the previous version. Everybody will be running the same version of Windows, which should make it easier to keep the patches working.
I say "should" because Microsoft's record ain't so hot. Cumulative updating in Windows 10 has worked well, although there was a problem earlier this month, with a printer bug introduced by the latest cumulative update, that is not yet fixed. Pundits will note that the Win10 installed base is considerably cleaner than the Win7 and Win8.1 jungle. The move to the Anniversary Update, which has been rife with problems, is a different story.
Cumulative updating in Office -- that is, Office Click-to-Run -- hasn't been so problem-free. There were significant bugs in December that wiped out Word macros and customizations; two in February that caused documents to freeze on open and knocked out POP3/deleted mail; one in April that crashed Lync/Skype for Business and Outlook; one in June that caused Office apps to throw an error 30145-4; and another in July where Excel won't open renamed HTML files. That doesn't bode well for Windows 7 as a service.
Microsoft's been consolidating patches of late -- KB 3161647 can only be installed if you're willing to accept six unrelated patches, for example. At least one Internet Explorer "security" patch has included nonsecurity fixes as well. You have to wonder if this new approach will further blur the line.
Microsoft once again promises to fix its ancient Update Catalog site, which still requires ActiveX and thus Internet Explorer. That's a familiar refrain.
There are many unanswered questions. For example, the official announcement says, "The Security-only update will be available to download and deploy from WSUS, SCCM, and the Microsoft Update Catalog." That would seem to imply that sufficiently motivated Windows 7 users who aren't attached to an update server will be able to help themselves to only security patches and shun the nonsecurity patches.
It appears there will no longer be identifying information for individual patches. Instead, we'll see "consolidated release notes with the Rollups for all supported versions of Windows." It remains to be seen if that's the death knell for monthly security bulletins. It certainly means we'll see a huge reduction in the number of KB-identified patches.
We also don't know what will happen to the distinction between Recommended and Optional patches. Perhaps we'll all get patches for the Azerbaijani Manit or we'll all get tanked by a change to the Russian ruble.
Be of good cheer. If the old Windows Update check boxes don't work right, Microsoft can push out an update that removes them or changes what they do. Maybe an unchecked box will become equivalent to the old checked box, or vice-versa. In either case, you won't have much choice in the matter.
In this brave new world, one has to wonder if it's worth the effort to fight Windows 10. Microsoft is removing two of the great distinguishing features of Win7/8.1 -- granularity of updates and the ability to control them -- while opening Win7 and 8.1 to the same snooping features that are in Win10. Is resistance futile?
The discussion continues on AskWoody.com.
Tip o' the hat to @teroalhonen and many others on AskWoody
OAKLAND — Even though it's the smallest Oakland police academy class in years, the 17 new officers who graduated from Friday were hailed by Chief of Police Anne Kirkpatrick as “the best of the best.”
Despite its size, the enthusiasm and happiness among the more than 200 people in the audience at the Scottish Rite Center ceremony were notable by the cheers and applause.
The new officers bring the number of rank and file in the department to 768. The department is authorized for 794 total.
The class was deliberately kept smaller than previous classes, which in some cases have had more than 40 graduates because the teaching hours have increased and the department wanted to give more individual attention and training to the recruits, officials said.
It was the first academy class to graduate since Kirkpatrick took over the department.
“I made a commitment to this city and to your fellow officers and all the members of the Oakland Police Department — we are a team,” they said. “My commitment was that I would only hire the best of the best — and you are that, the best. Welcome to the team.”
Several of the graduates have local law enforcement ties.
Class Valedictorian Jordan Wingate is the son of acting Oakland police Capt. Randy Wingate, who pinned their son's new badge on him.
Kaitlin Hoyle's father is deceased Oakland police Officer Murray Hoyle and their mother, Kim, is a former Oakland firefighter.
Danielle Juarez's father is retired Oakland police Sgt. Ed Juarez and Officer Christopher Buckhout is the son of retired Fremont police Officer Jon Buckhout.
Besides Wingate, Hoyle, Juarez and Buckhout, the other new officers are Matthew Beadle, Dejon Brantley, Columbus Do, Daniel Estrada, Emilio Gonzalez, Matthew Hohn, Jebel Iniguez, DeMario Lee, Perla Ortiz Salas, Hiep Pham, Cristobal Reyes, Edward Webb IV, and Kevin Yoo.
facing the
More similar than you might think: the Swiss and the Scots
dan, ssi, idea: mbr; picture alphorns: eugeniek / Shutterstock.com; first published 2017-02-16
Edinburgh, Bern (dpo) - The governments of Scotland and Switzerland have taken a historic decision: before the end of summer, the two countries are to swap their current state territories. This means that Switzerland will finally cease to be surrounded by EU member states, whilst Scotland,prospective withdrawal of the UK from the EU next year, will move right into the heart of the Europe.The two countries quickly settled upon the deal earlier this week. The intention is that by the middle of the year, 8 million Swiss people will have migrated to Scotland and 5.3 million Scots will have moved to the Alps.“This is a brilliant solution for the Scottish people”, enthused First Minister Nicola Sturgeon following their most recent visit to Switzerland. “Our Highlands will be even higher, as well as being right in the middle of Europe. We will also no longer have to put up with having the dreadful English to the south of the border.” The Swiss are extremely content, too: “We've never had Alps so readily accessible before”, explains Federal President Johann Schneider-Ammann. “We even get our own coastline thrown in! And we'll have twice as much space, too. We'll also finally be rid of these terrible Germans.”Conversely, in neighbouring countries, there is general consensus that it does not really matter exactly which mountain folk with ridiculous accents and strange customs are to live next door. The next few months will be crucial for the Scottish and Swiss people: both countries are to be thoroughly cleaned and ready for handover no later than June. In both countries, the first national monuments have already been removed and prepared for transport.Switzerland is paying special attention to the planned designs for its new capital, Edinbürgli (formerly Edinburgh), and the congested urban area of Glasgau (formerly Glasgow). The Scottish delegation plans to install its most important monuments and buildings in Zuroaich and Bannockbern (formerly Zürich and Bern).Nessie, the famous monster of Loch Ness (renamed Nesser Löchli) is to be relocated to the Vierwaldstättersee (renamed Loch Fourforest).Read the German version HERE
The Obama Administration has been lobbying Congress to block a bill that would allow Saudi Arabia's government to be held accountable in American courts for any role it played in the 9/11 terrorist attacks.
© AFP 2018 / FAYEZ NURELDINE Senators Seek Halt of US-Saudi Arms Deal as 9/11 Papers Near Release
In addition to Obama's efforts to keep information about 9/11 confidential, Saudi Arabia has threatened to sell hundreds of billions of dollars worth of its American assets if Congress passes the bill. In recent weeks, administration officials have been warning lawmakers of the bill's potential economic fallout.
The Obama Administration's strict opposition to the 9/11 bill has left many family members of the terror attacks' victims outraged.
​Mindy Kleinberg, whose husband died in the attacks on the World Trade Center, expressed their discontent in an interview with the New York Times.
“It's stunning to think that our government would back the Saudis over its own citizens,” Kleinberg said.
@Aquila7 Rep. Walter Jones (R-NC) on George W. Bush protecting 9/11 al-Qaeda financiers via withholding the #28Pages pic.twitter.com/y1lkkOZ9ee — We All Win (@WeAIIWin) December 11, 2015
​In the past, families of the victims have had trouble using the courts to face elements of Saudi banks and the Saudi royal family, whom they've accused of funding terrorism. Their efforts were slowed by a 1976 law that awards foreign nations a certain degree of immunity from lawsuits in American courts.
The 9/11 bill would eliminate this immunity for nations found culpable of terrorist attacks that kill Americans on American soil.
So far, a 9/11 Commission found “no evidence that the Saudi government as an institution or senior Saudi officials individually funded the organization [Al-Qaeda].”
Critics argue that the Commission's limited scope and wording steered the investigation away from lesser-level officials and other elements of the government that may have played a role in the terror plot.
​They also point to a still-classified Congressional Inquiry in 2002, which cited evidence that members of the Saudi government played a role in the 9/11 attacks.​
Nonetheless, the Obama Administration argues that limiting foreign nations' immunity would put the American government, as well as its citizens and corporations at risk of lawsuits if foreign nations were to retaliate with their own legislation.
As for Saudi Arabia's economic threat, some economists are calling the move an “empty threat” that would not only be difficult to pull off, but it would also cripple the Kingdom's own economy.
Nintendo's Switch console is under a lot of pressure to perform. With new announcements just on the horizon at the E3 video game expo in Los Angeles next week, players want to know whether Nintendo can buck off the weaknesses of its past releases — *cough,* the Wii U — and address some of the concerns that have plagued the company for years.
Expect Nintendo to face questions about whether it relies too heavily on older characters from its heyday, why it hasn't fully embraced online multiplayer formats and whether it got too caught up in the (sometimes gimmicky) motion-gaming trend it started with the Wii. Nintendo has made some headway counteracting those narratives in the past couple of years, but it needs to show it can keep it up. That makes Arms — Nintendo's completely new multiplayer, motion-controlled game — perhaps the most important Switch launch so far.
[Nintendo's $20-per-year online Switch subscription will include old-school games]
Arms is an awful lot of fun. It's essentially a boxing game — but one that gives players cybernetic limbs and the chance to brawl it out in a high-tech arena.
Players put one of the Switch's palm-sized Joy-Con controllers in each hand, which makes the punching motion feel fairly natural. When you punch with your real arms, your character punches on-screen with extendible cybernetic limbs. Depending on how you position your hands, you can curve your punches or block your opponent's attacks.
There is a bit of a learning curve, as players have to use the small buttons on the compact controllers to lunge, jump and charge attacks. It's a lot of thinking to do on your feet — literally, as it's most fun when you play Arms while standing.
[The newest dystopian setting in one of gaming's top franchises: Rural America]
You can play with someone else in the room, though they'll also need a pair of Joy-Con controllers and enough room to keep from actually punching you during play. You can also play against friends or strangers via the Internet, making for some very long-distance fights.
Arm seems to address a lot of Nintendo's biggest problems head-on. It succeeds as a new series in that it's engaging without having to rely on the cast of beloved, but well used, Nintendo characters such as Mario, Kirby and Yoshi. That's a promising sign that the success of Splatoon, the last new series Nintendo launched, was not a one-off.
The multiplayer feature is fun, both online and in the room with another player. It was easy to get into matches during the pre-release sessions that Nintendo set up for reviewers. When playing with friends, however, Arms would benefit from voice chat — a feature that's coming to the Switch next year. Even so, the multiplayer matches are smooth and clear of noticeable bugs.
Plus, the motion controls feel smoother and less forced than they did on the Wii, for example. Using motion is optional, and players may feel they have better precision without it. But I found that it subtracted from the playing experience. (Motion is necessary for playing Arms in mobile mode, however, as your airplane seat neighbor probably wouldn't appreciate your swinging fists.)
Arms isn't the game to carry the Switch itself. There are still some hurdles for Nintendo to clear to make the Switch a true success — namely, it needs to court other developers to make games for its more mobile, but less powerful, console. But Arms is a delightful addition to the Switch lineup and shows, perhaps most importantly, that Nintendo has been hearing the concerns of its fans over the years.
Plus, did I mention? It's a lot of fun. That matters, too.
UPDATED: Now in its sixth season, FX's “American Horror Story” franchise has started to hint at how the past stories are all interwoven. And characters from previous seasons have popped throughout other installments as well.
Now executive producer Ryan Murphy reveals that Lana Winters — from Season 2's “Asylum” — will make an appearance on this season's “Roanoke.”
They tweeted: “Sarah Paulson's ‘Asylum' ultimate survivor Lana Winters returns this season on ‘AHS: Roanoke.' Happy Halloween.”
https://twitter.com/MrRPMurphy/status/793107456893210624
These crossovers are becoming more common: Paulson, who has appeared on every season of “American Horror Story” (and has famously survived each), also recently reprised their role from “Murder House” (psychic Billie Dean Howard), in last season's “American Horror Story: Hotel.”
Gabourey Sidibe's fan favorite Queenie, also starred on “Coven,” made an appearance on “Hotel” as well — though it didn't well for her, thanks to James March.
Sister Mary Eunice (Lily Rabe) and Pepper (Naomi Grossman) also appeared in both “Asylum” and “Freak Show” (Season 4).
And of course there's Marcy the realtor, who sold the Harmons their house on Season 1. They also showed up in “Hotel,” giving Will Drake (Cheyenne Jackson) a tour of the ill-fated Hotel Cortez.
On Nov. 10, FX released a preview of what Winters' return will look like. In “Roanoke's” season finale, which will air next Wednesday, Winters, now certainly a big TV star, sits down for an exclusive interview with Lee Harris, a polarizing figure after the events in the season's penultimate episode.
Murphy also recently revealed that he's planning a crossover season for “Murder House” (Season 1) and “Coven” (Season 3). “There will be characters from ‘Murder House' and characters from ‘Coven' together,” they said.
The newly-launched official website of light novel writer Kazuma Kamachi announced on Thursday that they are writing a new original story that they will publish exclusively on their website. The as-yet untitled story has five published chapters and a "chapter 0" up on the site now, with an update coming on March 17.
The story centers on Satori, who has an older sister named Erika, and a younger sister named Ayumi. The story begins with a speculative remark of "If vampires and zombies really existed, who would win?" The two sisters, who are prone to quarreling, decide to settle the matter in Maxwell, a support program that Satori developed. Satori provides a virtual recreation of their city, and the two sisters take on the role of vampire and zombie and compete to see who can infect the most people.
Kamachi is currently writing Toaru Majutsu no Index x Dennō Senki Virtual-On: Toaru Majutsu no Virtual-On (A Certain Magical Index x Cyber Troopers Virtual-On: A Certain Magical Virtual-On), a crossover novel between their A Certain Magical Index franchise and the Virtual-On arcade game franchise. They also published their new Saikyō o Kojiraseta Level Counter Stop Ken Seijo Beatrice no Jakuten Sono Na wa "Buu Buu" (The Name of the Weakness That Has Aggravated the Strongest Max Level Sword Holy Woman Beatrice, is "Buu Buu") novel on Thursday, with illustrations by Mahaya.
Kamachi wrote the original light novels behind the Heavy Object and A Certain Magical Index franchises. Their other works include Waltraute-san no Konkatsu Jijō (The Circumstances Leading to Waltraute's Marriage), Satsujin-ki to Deep End (The Killer Princess and the Deep End), Kantan na Monitor Desu (It Is a Simple Monitor), and Intelle Village no Zashiki Warashi (The Zashiki Warashi of Intellectual Village). Square Enix's Shonen Gangan published a crossover manga from February-October 2015 that featured characters from their various works.
[Via Yaraon!]
HIPERTOUCH EDT
The HIPERTOUCH EDT fire-control drop-in is a high performance, high precision, service rifle upgrade that installs in AR-15 and AR-10 type rifles. The HIPERTOUCH name is short for HIgh PERformance TOUCH and EDT for Enhanced Duty Trigger with user adjustable trigger weights of 4½+ and 5½+ lbs. It's the "AR" fire-control upgrade we've all dreamed of. For installation and operational features of the HIPERTOUCH EDT watch the videos in the playlist above (available soon). View this graphic, AR-15LowerCavity.PDF. HIPERTOUCH FCGs may not work in lowers with FCG holes that are outside the MIL-Spec toleranced dimensions shown in RED.
The Genius of the HIPERTOUCH Fire-Control
HIPERTOUCH FCGs have uniquely solved two problems with stock AR triggers and AR trigger upgrades in general: 1) High Trigger Weight, and 2) Low Hammer Fall Energy.
Trigger Weight: The real culprit behind high trigger pull weight is high sear impingement force that produces high friction. To get around that, the stock "AR" trigger and hammer mechanical advantage was changed and the sear optimized.
Hammer Fall Energy: Even with trigger weight, high energy MIL-spec hammer fall is maintained. The best of two worlds.
HIPERTOUCH FCGs retain Eugene Stoner's design of simple elegance while remaining very robust, without the gritty feel. Shooting for high accuracy is no longer an almost impossible chore. It's no longer necessary to improve the stock performance by manually polishing the high-friction trigger and hammer sear surfaces, where the end result was only marginally better anyway.
The EDT was designed for the broader high performance shooting market typified by three segments that taken together, demand a unique suite of features at more pedestrian pricing. Those segments are: Law Enforcement, NRA type long range competition shooting, and the multi purpose sport, hunting, and home defense rifle. All these segments have one trigger specification in common: a minimum pull weight of 4½ lbs. The EDT meets that specification and more.
First, the triggers are user-adjustable to 4½ plus and 5½ plus lbs by simply interchanging two hammer springs. "Plus" means that even after a period of break-in and/or heavy use, the trigger weight will always stay above the two thresholds.
Second, the sear design paradigm used in the 24s has been included making for a very smooth and flat pull with only a hint of creep, a clean break with little over travel, and a fast positive reset. If you have put your finger on a 24E, 24C, or 243G, and can imagine the higher EDT pull weights, you're very close to appreciating what the EDT will feel like.
Third, the EDT sports MIL-spec hammer fall even though the pull weights are less than MIL-spec's 7-9 lbs. The two hammer springs that give the 4½ and 5½ lb pull weights are even heavier than the stock MIL-spec hammer spring. This is possible because the EDT's hammer and trigger mechanical advantage pioneered by HIPERFIRE in its design of the 24 product family has been included. So, the EDT hammer still strikes well within MIL-spec's hammer energy range with lowered trigger weight.
Fourth, the EDT lock time is faster than MIL-spec, like that of the 24 family, due to the use of the heavier springs and by locating the center of hammer mass closer to the pivot axis, which causes it to spin up to speed faster.
But, there's more ... an entirely new feature found in the EDT and no where else. Remember, ED stands for Enhanced Duty. When thinking about the needs of Law Enforcement, the Military, the home defender, and the ultimate reliability demands placed on the AR rifle, do you think of very adverse and dirty conditions? Now, imagine when and how you really want that rifle to work? The EDT trigger was designed for that scenario.
First, fine particulate debris and carbon fouling can accumulate in the bottom of the disconnector slot of stock triggers causing the disconnector to jam. If that should happen, semi auto function may be compromised. In contrast, that the EDT trigger slot has holes running the length of its bottom so that the disconnector actually becomes a self-cleaning device, pushing out any debris by that same disconnector toggler action.
Second, notice that the rear underside of the trigger has been raised and the end ramped up and away, increasing the gap clearance between it and the floor of the lower's fire control cavity. What does that do? Well, if a blown primer cup or bits of gravel should be blown into the lower through the ejection port when shooting prone, they could end up under the trigger preventing it from letting off completely thus preventing hammer reset. Many, especially 3 gunners, have had this very thing happen to them. This new EDT trigger feature can minimize this occurrence .
The best feature? The EDT is only $89 at MSRP!
The Seekins AMBI Saftey works in 60 degree throw mode in SAFE and FIRE without issue. However, in 90 degree throw mode, the trigger will rotate enough to release the hammer. This is because the trigger tail is shorter than MIL/stock triggers and can move up into the exposed Seekins SS slot just enough to release the hammer when pulled causing an unsafe condition. We recommend using the Seekins safety in 60 degree modes only with the EDT trigger. More information is available here: https://www.hiperfire.com/resource/are-hipertouch-24-series-triggers-compatible-with-ambidextrous-safeties-or-other-ambi-controls/
Can more than 550,000 players work together to finish one game of Pokémon? Tune to Twitch to find out.
A screen shot of the Twitch video service with the 'Twitch Plays Pokémon' channel. (Photo: Twitch)
No monkeys are involved, as far as we know, and the goal is not to recreate the works of Shakespeare.
But a mind-boggling example of crowd-sourced behavior is currently happening on streaming video network Twitch. More than 550,000 Twitch members so far have participated in an attempt to complete the game Pokémon Red.
It all began a week ago when an anonymous member of the Twitch community uploaded a playable version of the original Game Boy game, released by Nintendo in the U.S. in 1998. Those who are watching on the Twitch channel can play along by typing a command in the channel's chat window.
"My goal was to see how a community would interact with a game in this manner, it was mostly to satisfy my curiosity but I also wanted to gain valuable experience to put towards future projects," said the creator of the TwitchPlaysPokemon channel. The self-taught programmer from Australia prefers to remain anonymous (Twitch connected USA TODAY with the programmer via email.)
The community has done extremely well so far – getting more than halfway through the game -- but whether it can actually finish the game remains to be seen. "The second half is much more difficult than the first half," the programmer said.
Players can type in the commands -- a, b, start select, up, down, left, right – using the chat window. They can also type in "Anarchy" or "Democracy" to change the input mode. Initially, all inputs are applied immediately in "Anarchy" mode; but if 75% of players opt for "Democracy," inputs will be applied in a more democratic method.
The "Twitch Plays Pokémon" merges video games, live video and participation into something new, says Twitch's vice president of marketing Matthew DiPietro. "We've never seen anything like this before," they say. "What is really interesting is this is totally community- driven, organically-growing emergent behavior. We did not do this. We did not create this. This is entirely the creation of one Twitch broadcaster and the community that has now coalesced on their channel."
Twitch's online game broadcasting grew out of Justin.TV and officially launched in 2011. It has grown to more than 1 million broadcasters with 45 million unique viewers; and is available on the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, as well as the web.
Beyond the half million-plus who have gotten involved in the game nearly 15 million viewers have come by to watch, at least for a while. The appeal? "It could even be that Twitch Plays Pokémon is a bleak-but-perfect summary of the human condition—a group of people unified behind a common cause that struggles and fails to accomplish even the most basic tasks," wrote Andrew Cunningham in a story on the tech news site Ars Technica.
And it's probably only the first of many such experiments to come, DiPietro says. "The most interesting things that happen on Twitch on any given day and in any given week are the things that come from the community themselves and our job is to support them when they happen."
Follow Mike Snider on Twitter: @MikeSnider
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1eSNRR4
McGraw Hill swiftly did its damage control. It announced that it was changing the caption in both the digital and print versions to characterize the migration accurately as a “forced” diaspora of slaves: “We conducted a close review of the content and agree that our language in that caption did not adequately convey that Africans were both forced into migration and to labor against their will as slaves,” the company said in a statement. “We believe we can do better.” Catherine Mathis, the company's spokesperson, also emphasized that the textbook accurately referred to the slave trade and its brutality in more than a dozen other instances. And McGraw Hill has offered to provide various additional resources to any school that requests them, including supplemental materials on cultural competency, replacement textbooks, or stickers with a corrected caption to place over the erroneous one. But Texas school districts were already in possession of more than 100,000 copies of the book, while another 40,000, according to Mathis, are in schools in other states across the country.
If nothing else, the incident may serve as yet another example of why social studies—and history in particular—is such a tricky subject to teach, at least via textbooks and multiple-choice tests. Its topics are inherently subjective, impossible to distill into paragraphs jammed with facts and figures alone. As the historian and sociologist Jim Loewen recently told me, in history class students typically “have to memorize what we might call ‘twigs.' We're not teaching the forest—we're not even teaching the trees,” said Loewen, best known for their 1995 book Lies My Teacher Told Me: Everything Your American History Textbook Got Wrong. “We are teaching twig history.”
This is in part why a growing number of educators are calling for a fundamental shift in how the subject is taught. Some are even calling on their colleagues to abandon traditional models of teaching history altogether. Instead of promoting the rote memorization of information outlined in a single, mass-produced textbook, these critics argue that teachers should use a variety of primary-source materials and other writings, encouraging kids to analyze how these narratives are written and recognize the ways in which inherent biases shape conventional instructional materials. In an essay for The Atlantic earlier this year, Michael Conway argued that history classes should focus on teaching children “historiography”—the methodologies employed by historians and the exploration of history itself as an academic discipline:
Currently, most students learn history as a set narrative—a process that reinforces the mistaken idea that the past can be synthesized into a single, standardized chronicle of several hundred pages. This teaching pretends that there is a uniform collective story, which is akin to saying everyone remembers events the same. Yet, history is anything but agreeable. It is not a collection of facts deemed to be “official” by scholars on high. It is a collection of historians exchanging different, often conflicting analyses. And rather than vainly seeking to transcend the inevitable clash of memories, American students would be better served by descending into the bog of conflict and learning the many "histories" that compose the American national story.
But according to Loewen, the shortcomings of the country's history teachers make the improvement of its instruction, let alone the introduction of historiography, a particularly difficult feat. Compared to their counterparts in other subjects, high-school history teachers are, at least in terms of academic credentials, among the least qualified. A report by the American Academy of Arts & Sciences on public high-school educators in 11 subjects found that in the 2011-12 school year, more than a third—34 percent—of those teaching history classes as a primary assignment had neither majored nor been certified in the subject; only about a fourth of them had both credentials. (At least half of the teachers in each of the other 10 categories had both majored and been certified in their assigned subjects.)
Michael Palmer - Monday, November 30, 2015
In light of the sad news of Shigeru Mizuki's passing we'd like to share an excerpt from Frederik L. Schodt's Dreamland Japan: Writings on Modern Manga on the famed manga creator.
THIS IS AN EXCERPT FROM DREAMLAND JAPAN: WRITINGS ON MODERN MANGA BY FREDERIK L. SCHODT PAGES 177-182
"I first met Shigeru Mizuki briefly in the early eighties at a gathering of cartoonists in Japan. They were hard to overlook. In an industry where many artists are in their late teens or early twenties, they were in their late fifties, and the left arm of their coat hung empty. But they exuded vitality. I met Mizuki again in 1993, in San Francisco, after they had just returned from an arduous research trip in Hopi Indian territory in Arizona. They were nearly seventy then and accompanied by an entourage of much younger men. After a late dinner and drinks, they were all exhausted, but they insisted on slipping into a porn shop to look at the girlie magazines. Their companions rolled their eyes in amazement.
Mizuki was born Shigeru Mura in 1924 in the town of Sakaiminato on the isolated western seaboard of Japan. They exhibited a precocious drawing ability as a child, even garnering a mention in the local Mainichi newspaper. Much later, after the war, they briefly attended Musashino Art University in Tokyo, but since formal art training can destroy the originality required for good cartooning, they fortunately are not ruined by the experience. Today they often draw highly realistic, detailed backgrounds while rendering human characters in quirky, “cartoony” shapes.
Mizuki's cartooning ability was aided by the voracious curiosity they developed at an early age. An elderly local woman they called “Auntie Non-non” often took care of them as a child and helped them develop a passionate interest in the spirit world, especially in local tales of goblins and ghosts.
Mizuki's other formative experience was war. In 1943 they were drafted into the Imperial Army and sent to Rabaul on the island of New Britain in what is now part of Papua New Guinea. As one of the lower-ranking, late arrivals in a hierarchical and feudalistic command structure, they were constantly beaten by their superiors. While on sentry duty in the field one day, their detachment was completely wiped out in an attack by Australian and native forces. Mizuki made a harrowing escape alone back to Japanese lines, only to be reprimanded by their superiors for losing their rifle and (in Imperial Army style) for surviving. Later, during a raid by Allied airplanes, they were badly wounded and lost their left arm. After lingering on the verge of death and battling malaria, they were eventually nursed back to health. During this time they developed a deep affection for the natives of New Guinea, and they claim to have realized that a spirit force was guiding their life. Indeed, had they not been put out of commission, it is most likely that they would not be alive today. In a fairly famous incident, a unit to which they would have been attached was sent out on a suicidal “banzai” charge. Miraculously it survived, but since the men's “glorious death” had already been reported to HQ, the unit was sent back to the front with orders not to return alive.
After repatriation, Mizuki worked for a time drawing for the kami-shibai, or “paper-play,” market—an inexpensive pre-TV form of street entertainment wherein raconteurs embroidered tales with a sequence of illustrated panels. They also drew stories for the manga pay-library market—a series of for-profit libraries that lent manga (and books) for a small fee to entertainment-starved readers. Their debut work, published in paperback form in 1957 when they were already thirty-three years old, was titled Rocketman.
Commercial success and recognition eluded Mizuki until 1965, when they drew a story called Terebi-kun (“TV-kid”) for a supplement of the boys' weekly Shônen Magazine. Terebi-kun was about a young boy who discovered how to enter their TV set, steal the products displayed on commercials, and give them to their poorer, real-world friends. The only people who could see them do this on the screen, though, were children who watched television. It was a novel plot, and with the huge boom in TV sets in Japan after the Tokyo Olympics, a formula for success. It won the prestigious Kôdansha Manga Award the next year.
Thereafter, Mizuki began to win the hearts of Japan, especially with their ghost and goblin stories. They drew heavily on Japanese spirit traditions, but the paranormal world they depicted was completely their own, and the monsters and goblins that populated it were, rather than scary, endearing. Kitarô, their most famous creation, in the series Ge Ge Ge no Kitarô (“Kitarô the Spooky”) was born of a family of ghost-goblins (his father was a mummy), the last of their kind on earth. Both parents “die,” but the father's eyeball survives (with little arms and legs) and becomes Kitarô's guardian. Since Kitarô themselves only has one eye, the father's eye sometimes hides in Kitarô's eye socket. Kitarô lives in modern, normal human society, but along with a character called Rat Man they are poverty-stricken and an outcast. With their supernatural skills, they often help people.
This blend of the weird and the normal proved tremendously popular. Ge Ge Ge no Kitarô was animated for television in 1968. A loose translation of a line from the theme song lyrics (written by Mizuki) illustrates one reason children loved it:
Boo, boo, boo boo-boo-boo-boo . . . in the morning I am snoring in my bed . . . Oh, it's so much fun, it's so much fun, goblins don't have to go to school or even take exams. . .
The other genre of manga in which Mizuki excels is war stories. Many of them have an antiwar theme and commiserate with the plight of the average soldier, thus allowing Mizuki to exorcise their own personal demons. Of these, the 1973 Sôin Gyokusai Seyo! (“The Banzai! Charge”) is Mizuki's best. It is an account, in dramatic manga-style, of the fate of Mizuki's doomed unit in New Guinea. Its gruesome detail and Mizuki's obvious anger over the way arrogant Japanese officers squandered the lives of their men make it one of the most powerful antiwar comics ever created. (Ironically, Mizuki's older brother was tried and convicted as a Class B war criminal.)
In the early nineties, with renewed interest in Japan in psychic phenomena and the spirit world, Mizuki's popularity soared. In addition to comics, they published several essays and books on Japanese folk beliefs. In 1991 and 1992, a story by them about “Auntie Non-non” was broadcast as a prizewinning drama on the public television network NHK. And around the same time, they received the prestigious Medal of Honor with Purple Ribbon from the Emperor of Japan.
At the end of 1994, Mizuki completed a marvelous 2,000-page series titled Komikku Shôwa-shi (“A Comics History of the Shôwa Era”). It wove their own tumultuous history into that of one of Japan's most dramatic and controversial periods—the reign of Emperor Hirohito (1925–89)—using one of their ghost characters as an interlocutor and including meticulously researched footnotes and historical references. Had anyone else attempted to create such a work, it might have seemed forced or presumptuous. But Shigeru Mizuki made it seem a very natural thing to do."
Purchase Dreamland Japan: Writings on Modern Manga by Frederik L. Schodt
President Trump shakes hands with then-FBI Director James B. Comey at the White House in Washington on Jan. 22. (Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg)
The Post reports:
The nation's top intelligence official declined to comment Tuesday on a report in The Washington Post that President Trump had urged them to deny publicly the existence of any evidence of collusion during the 2016 presidential campaign. Director of National Intelligence Daniel Coats, noting that they are the president's principal intelligence adviser, said, “I have always believed that . . . it's not appropriate for me to comment publicly on any of that.” They added: “So on this topic, as well as other topics, I don't feel it's appropriate to characterize discussions with the president.”
It is not clear whether Coats on behalf of the administration formally was asserting executive privilege or whether they were merely declining to testify as to matters now under investigation by special prosecutor Robert S. Mueller III. If it is the former, legal experts with whom I have spoken argue that the privilege, which protects advice given to the president, does not attach to a request to disable an ongoing investigation. Not only would such an order be arguably an illegal act in and of itself, but it would not be the type of information the privilege is designed to protect. Of course, the privilege is not absolute (as President Richard Nixon found out in Watergate). Indeed, Coats suggested they would share what they knew with Mueller. (“I certainly will provide them with what I know and what I don't know,” they said.)
There is no one bit of evidence in the investigation into President Trump's decision to fire FBI Director James B. Comey and derail the Russia investigation that is conclusive. However, we are amassing a body of facts, with multiple witnesses and contemporary documentation (not to mention the president's own statements), to establish that the president sought out multiple avenues to impede the investigation. The very persistence and multiplicity of their requests that preceded Comey's firing give support to the conclusion that the president was aiming to halt the investigation.
Several points have been overlooked or mischaracterized in the unfolding tale regarding the Russian investigation and attempts to interfere with it.
First, while obstruction of justice requires “specific intent,” this does not mean Trump had to realize it was a crime to interfere with the FBI. It does not mean that if they genuinely believed “justice” (in the broadest terms) was not being served by the investigation then they get off the hook. Obstruction in the criminal context only requires actions intended to halt or interfere with an ongoing legal investigation. Seen in that light, the pile of mounting evidence makes it hard to argue Trump didn't have this goal in mind.
Second, the likelihood of prosecution for obstruction of justice by the president is tiny. (Those who assisted him, knowing the actions were intended to gum up the Russia investigation, may however have legal exposure and thereby become eager cooperating witnesses.) For the president, the issue is whether their pattern of conduct — in essence a repudiation of the entire notion that law enforcement cannot be subject to political meddling — would be grounds for impeachment and removal.
Congress does not need to find criminal activity to conclude, for example, that the president abused their authority is pressuring the FBI to drop its investigation. Congress does not need to find, for example, that Trump's receipt of monies from foreign governments constituted an illegal bribe; it would be sufficient for Congress to conclude either that the emoluments clause was violated (repeatedly) or that the president had besmirched the office of the presidency by creating the appearance of corruption.
In other words, Mueller's work will no doubt help Congress to decide if it should move forward to begin hearings on whether there are grounds for impeachment, but Mueller does not preempt Congress's work. The House has a separate, independent obligation to make a decision on impeachment, which is a political and not legal matter.
Bob Bauer at Lawfare explains the distinction between the criminal prosecutor's task and the House's obligations:
We are back again to the question of whether the House, the Senate, or both, will look beyond the particulars of Russia probe into the basic question of how the Administration functions on rule of law issues. . . . Congress should not hone in only on the main show, the large issues around any connection or “collusion” with Russia. The President seems to be struggling with fundamentals of setting up and guiding a government that operates more or less reliably within reasonably well-recognized ethical and legal lines. Or it could be that they are unable to break old habits:  They are wedded to the uses of law and lawyers that they believe served them well in their business. In their long career in the private sector, they pictured the law as a navigable complication that lawyers would find a way around, or as a tactical weapon to be deployed in the threat or filing of lawsuits. With election to the presidency, President Trump's relationship to law and the legal process has changed, but there is reason to doubt that they have absorbed what their new station in life requires of him.
In other words, even if not illegal, Trump's cavalier disregard for the restrictions imposed by constitutional government (e.g. no receipt of emoluments, no demanding “loyalty” in lieu of fulfilling obligations to uphold the law) is the very thing the House may consider — I would argue must consider — in determining whether Trump should remain in office. Sure, House members should gather more facts. Sure, the content of contemporaneous memos and the exact testimony of witnesses is key.
At some point, however, it is not sufficient for members of Congress to say, “Let the independent prosecutor deal with it.” Sooner or later, lawmakers must do their job, which includes exercising a political judgment as to the propriety of impeachment. If Trump is still in office in November 2018, it surely will be an issue on which every candidate on the ballot should be compelled to take a stance. Unless the GOP wants to make 2018 a referendum on impeachment, it might want to begin reflecting on its constitutional role in removing a president whose conduct renders them unfit to govern.
Netflix was founded as an online DVD rental service in 1997 and has since evolved into a subscription-based streaming platform with its own slate of original programming. The Onion looks back at the most important moments in the company's 20-year history.
1997
Netflix cofounder Reed Hastings decides to capitalize on the huge, untapped market for avoiding eye contact with other human beings
Advertisement
1999
First non-cracked DVD arrives at customer's door
2000
Netflix introduces personalized movie recommendations after finding out that user Jane Murphy has never even seen Goodfellas
Advertisement
2003
After several years of unsuccessful testing, Netflix phases out its nachos-and-soda-by-mail service
2005
Widespread closures of mom-and-pop DVD rental websites as Netflix surges in popularity
Advertisement
2007
Netflix stock soars after Peter Witte of Bridgeport, CT, forgets to cancel their subscription after their 30-day free trial ends
2009
Netflix revolutionizes the movie watching experience with its new endless buffering feature
Advertisement
2010
After a long, contentious debate, Netflix's board votes to add Maid in Manhattan to the “Romantic Comedies With A Sassy Female Lead” category
2013
Netflix becomes the first online-only network to win a primetime Emmy award after adding all 11 seasons of Cheers
Advertisement
2017
Netflix continues to grow in popularity, with 128 million viewers worldwide sharing 32 accounts
Purpose To assess the overall morbidity of cat bites to the hand and identify risk factors for hospitalization after such an injury.
Methods All patients recently treated at our institution for cat bite injuries to the hand were retrospectively reviewed. We identified 193 patients in a 3-year period between January 1, 2009, and December 31, 2011. Patient demographics, medical history, physical examination findings, laboratory values, and long-term follow-up data were collected. Univariate and multivariate statistical regression were used to analyze the data.
Results Thirty percent (n = 57) of patients with cat bites to the hand were hospitalized. The average length of stay for these patients was 3.2 days. Of the hospitalized patients, 67% (n = 38) underwent irrigation and debridement, with 8 patients requiring more than 1 operation. Complications were common among these patients. Risk factors associated with hospitalization included smoking, immunocompromised state, and location of bite over a joint or tendon sheath. Physical examination findings of erythema and swelling at presentation were also associated with increased risk of hospitalization. Time from bite to presentation, white blood cell count, erythrocyte sedimentation rate, and C-reactive protein values at presentation were not associated with hospitalization.
Conclusions Cat bite injuries to the hand can progress to serious infection. The treatment of such infections often requires hospitalization, intravenous antibiotic therapy, and operative treatment. Clinical findings suggestive of the need for hospitalization include location of the bite over a joint or tendon sheath, erythema, pain, and swelling. These findings should increase concern for a severe infection and warrant hospitalization and urgent consultation with a hand surgeon.
Hilcorp Alaska on Saturday discovered a crude oil leak from an undersea pipeline connecting two production platforms in western Cook Inlet.
The oil leak is on the west side of the inlet and is unrelated to the company's ongoing natural gas leak on the eastern side of the basin near Nikiski.
The oil leak – southwest of Tyonek near Granite Point — was discovered at 11:20 a.m. Saturday after workers on the Anna Platform "felt an impact" and spotted an oil sheen, according to the Alaska Department of Environmental Conservation.
"In looking over the side of the platform to see what was going on, personnel observed sheen and bubbles coming up from near one of the platform legs where the 8-inch line is located," the state agency said in a situation report issued Saturday night. "Personnel confirm that the bubbles or sheen were not observed the day prior."
What caused the impact is not known.
"We are not sure if it was ice, or something else," said Kristin Ryan, director of DEC's Spill Prevention and Response division.
An overflight at 12:30 p.m. spotted "six sheens, with the furthest sheen being 3.5 miles south of the Anna Platform," the agency said.
The largest sheen was 10 feet by 12 feet, the state agency said. Two other sheens were about 3.5 feet by 22.5 feet.
The size of the leak is unknown, Ryan said.
The oil capacity in the pipeline is 461 barrels, and the line is at full capacity, the agency said.
The crude oil pipeline runs between the Anna and Bruce platforms. Production at the platforms was shut down Saturday to stop the flow of oil through the pipeline.
"Upon discovering the sheen, Hilcorp activated their response contractor, shut in the Anna and Bruce platforms, and reduced the line pressure from 70 psi to 5 psi," the agency said.
The reduction in pressure should lead to a "much reduced" leak rate, Ryan said. The line is 75 feet underwater.
"During the 1:30 p.m. overflight no sheen was observed," the agency said.
"The oil spill response vessel Perseverance arrived at the Anna Platform around 12:45 p.m. and scouted the area for sheens with no success," DEC said.
The oil leak is unrelated to the natural gas leak occurring on the east side of the inlet, about 3 1/2 miles northwest of Nikiski. That gas leak was discovered on Feb. 7, on an 8-inch pipeline running between an onshore facility and the A Platform built in the mid-1960s.
Hilcorp has delayed repairs on that leaking gas line, saying it's too dangerous with sea ice choking the inlet. The company was hoping to send divers down next week to fix the gas leak, if the sea ice clears enough.
A repair by divers also won't happen immediately for the oil leak.
"Hilcorp has hired a diving contractor to investigate the line and conduct repairs. It is anticipated that this work can be conducted late next week," DEC said.
Hilcorp reported the leak to DEC at 12:05 p.m. today.
"At this time, the cause of the release is unknown," the company said in a statement sent by Lori Nelson, of Hilcorp Alaska. "Emergency response protocols have been initiated. Further updates will be submitted when they become available."
The company is the dominant producer in Cook Inlet, after arriving in Alaska in 2011 and rapidly acquiring facilities, many of them old. The Alaska Oil and Gas Conservation Commission has hit the Houston, Texas, company with multiple fines and warnings for its practices in Cook Inlet and on the North Slope, saying repeatedly it has a "history of noncompliance" in Alaska.
The DEC said Saturday that "Hilcorp believes that the leak source may be from a flange located within the first 50 feet of the 8-inch line coming off from the Anna Platform."
On Sunday, Hilcorp plans to send a foam pig through the line past the suspect flange — or joint. The pig would act like a squeegee, with the goal of pushing the oil past the trouble spot and cutting off the leak site, said Ryan.
After that first step is taken, the company will "reassess if driving the pig further down the pipe is warranted," the DEC said.
The DEC and the U.S. Coast Guard will send personnel to the Anna Platform Sunday to monitor that effort, Ryan said. Cook Inlet Spill Response Inc., an oil spill response contractor, will also have vessels in the water, they said.
An Incident Command Post is being established at CISPRI offices in Nikiski, the agency said.
Bob Shavelson with watchdog group Cook Inletkeeper said potentially many thousand gallons of oil could have leaked into waters occupied by endangered Cook Inlet beluga whales, salmon and other animals.
"It's unbelievable," they said.
It looks like Oklahoma quarterback Trevor Knight will be playing for a new team in 2016.
Oklahoma confirmed on Friday that Knight, a junior, has been granted a release from their scholarship by coach Bob Stoops. He's scheduled to graduate at the end of the semester and would be immediately eligible in 2016 for their new school as a graduate transfer.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
The news was first reported Thursday by SoonerScoop.com.
Knight, a one-time starter for the Sooners, has been granted a full release by Stoops, meaning they can transfer anywhere. However, according to a release from Oklahoma, Knight has not ruled out staying with the Sooners.
For now, Knight will stay with the Sooners through their postseason run.
"Trevor has been unbelievable during their time as a Sooner," said Stoops. "I can't say enough about them and what he's meant to our program. They will graduate this month and has told us that they would like to investigate the possibility of finishing their career elsewhere. We understand them wanting to explore their options and will be happy for them if he's able to find a good fit."
Added Knight: "My decision to reach out and communicate with other potential programs is something I feel I must do in order to see if there is a perfect fit for my senior season. I can promise you that no one is prouder to be a Sooner than I am, and in no way shape or form will this take away from my excitement and commitment heading into the championship season. I am truly touched by the support from both Coach Stoops and Coach (Lincoln) Riley, as well as all of Sooner Nation during this time.
"Enough about me. Let's go beat the Tigers. Boomer!"
According to SoonerScoop, Knight has spoken with Kansas State, Georgia, Oregon and SMU.
Story continues
Knight saw time in six games for Oklahoma in 2015 and played the second half of the Sooners' one-point win against TCU. They had come in for Baker Mayfield, who left the game at halftime because of a concussion. Mayfield, a transfer from Texas Tech who sat out the 2014 season, beat out Knight for the starting job.
Knight emerged as a possible star with their performance against Alabama in the 2014 Sugar Bowl. However, their play didn't continue at a high level in the 2014 season and missed three games after suffering transient quadraplegia after a hit they took against Baylor. They came back for Oklahoma's bowl loss to Clemson and finished the 2014 season with 2,300 yards passing, 14 touchdown passes and 12 interceptions.
The Sooners parted ways with offensive coordinator Josh Heupel after the 2014 season and hired Lincoln Riley as the team's OC for the 2015 season. Mayfield has thrown for 3,389 yards in Riley's system with 35 touchdowns and five interceptions. The Sooners, 11-1, are the No. 4 seed in the College Football Playoff and play Clemson in the Orange Bowl.
For more Oklahoma news, visit SoonerScoop.com.
- - - - - - -
Nick Bromberg is the assistant editor of Dr. Saturday on Yahoo Sports. Have a tip? Email them at nickbromberg@yahoo.com or follow them on Twitter!
Solitary Bees
Solitary bees comprise the majority of bees, yet they are unsung heroes of our pollinator world, generally having a far lower profile than either honey or bumblebees.
Yet they are outstanding pollinators, and only during recent years, are they beginning to get the recognition they deserve.
Many species can easily be mistaken for wasps, hover flies, or even honey bees.
Where Do Solitary Bees Live?
Unlike honey bees, where nest building and maintaining, as well as rearing of young is a task shared by the whole colony, this is not the case with most species of solitary bee.
Solitary Nesting
With some species, a nest is built by a single female, and with no other nests nearby.
Aggregations
Despite their name, some species do live in a type of social group, with bees building separate nests close to each other and giving the appearance of a sort of colony.
Communal
Some species may even live communally, in that a nest entrance is shared. However, female bees build individual nest cells for laying their eggs.
Semi-social
Some, for example, species of sweat bees found in the USA and Canada (Lasioglossum) may use the same nest, and also co-operate to provide for the offspring.
The largest bee in the world is believed to be a Solitary bee – Megachile Pluto, a type of leafcutter bee. However, some are very tiny at just a few millimetres long and at first glance may appear to be merely little black flies! Meanwhile, there are flies that look rather like bees, such as the Bee Fly.
Providing A Home For Solitary Bees
For species which nest in wood and in crevices, it is possible to purchase some very nice, ready-made, sturdy insect and mason bee houses like this one below, which is available from Amazon US and Amazon UK.
Installing a bee house such as this will enable you to observe the bees at quite close quarters, whilst also benefitting from the pollination services they provide.
You could also take a look at mine - it has been very successful, and by clicking on the link below, you can watch them entering and leaving, as well as mating.
WATCH Mason bees video
If you are going to purchase one (they make nice, attractive gifts too), ensure it is of durable quality, and won't blow around in the wind. You also need to ensure the tubes are closed off at one end, and are the correct diameter.
Alternatively, you could make your own with hollow canes.
Stings From Solitary Bees
Note that these types of bees rarely sting, and are actually rather docile. Only females have the ability to sting, whereas males are unable to do so. However, males of some of these species can appear to be quite defensive – carpenter bee males, for example, can be rather attracted to humans who are wafting their arms around! Despite this, the bee is unable to sting and poses no threat!
Here is information about some of the most common solitary bee species:
Leafcutter Bees
As their name suggests, these bees are able to cut pieces of leaf (or sometimes flower petals). They use this to build the cells in their nests. Mason Bees
Mason bees, such as the Orchard Mason bee, are increasingly used in commercial pollination. Mason bees gather mud with which to build their nests. Carpenter Bees
This group of bees, not surprisingly, make their nests in wood - usually rotten and unpainted soft woods. They can sometimes be mistaken for bumblebees. Mining Bees
Mining bees may excavate tunnels in the ground where they make their nests.
Chocolate Mining Bee
Includes lovely pictures of a male and female mining bee, mating.
The Wool Carder Bee
This amazing bee collects hairs from plants - and it looks a little bit like a wasp!
The Hairy-Footed Flower Bee
I call it 'the hobbit of the bee world'!
Ashy Mining Bee
A real beauty!
Nomad Bee
This bee is very easily mistaken for a wasp.
Carpenter-mimic Leafcutter Bee
Otherwise known asMegachile xylocopoides
Watch these videos of this interesting little bee in action.
Other subjects of interest:
Bee Pollination
Here you'll find links to different information topics around the subject of pollination and bees.
About Bees
Lots of information about general bee topics, for example, comparisons of lifecycle between different kinds of bees etc.
Go back from Solitary Bees to Home page
COPYRIGHT 2010 - 2019: WWW.BUZZABOUTBEES.NET
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
The Fair Tax didn't get a lot of support in two different presidential-primary cycles. Mike Huckabee tried to win the Republican nomination on the Fair Tax platform in 2008, and Herman Cain tried again in the 2012 cycle with a modified approach to it in their 9-9-9 plan. It didn't have enough political juice to create momentum for either candidate — but that was before the exposure of political corruption at the IRS reaching all the way to its headquarters in Washington DC. Suddenly, any plan that eliminates the IRS looks better, and Americans for Fair Taxation strikes while the iron is hot:
The Washington Post's Aaron Blake takes care to point out that AFT is headed by a 1%er:
A group advocating for a flat sales tax is going up with a new nationwide ad buy urging members of Congress to abolish the IRS. Americans for Fair Taxation, a group headed by wealthy super PAC donor Leo Linbeck III, will launch the ads Monday. The ad buy is in the mid-six-figures, according to the group. … Linbeck made a splash in the 2012 election by founding a super PAC devoted to unseating incumbents in primaries, called the Campaign for Primary Accountability.
How about we just debate it on the grounds that it might be, y'know, a good idea? Switching to a consumption tax has the potential to discourage consumption (taxation usually lowers the incidence of any activity), and passing a constitutional amendment to repeal the 16th Amendment would be a monumental effort. However, the payoff would be that the federal government would no longer need to know all of your income and financial transactions, and that tax collection would focus exclusively on commercial entities rather than private citizens.
After the recent revelations of political targeting by the IRS, that outcome sounds better and better.
Update: The original video link got pulled, but the new URL has been added in its place.
Two years after the oil price collapse sent Alberta's economy into a tailspin, ATB Financial suggests the downturn is over and the province's fortunes will rise in 2017.
The Alberta bank says the provincial economy will turn the corner next year.
"Our research suggests that the worst of the 2015-16 oil price downturn is now behind us," said Todd Hirsch, ATB's chief economist in a statement.
"Oil prices should continue to grow modestly in 2017. That will bring stability to our province's petroleum sector, but not growth. Hiring and resumption of investment will be weak in 2017."
Economists have expected economic growth in the province in part because of the anticipated construction boom in Fort McMurray as the city rebuilds from the devastating fire earlier this year.
ATB's declaration that the worst of the downturn is over echoes similar sentiments from commodity experts and oilpatch leaders. Alberta's economy is forecast to contract by 2.6 per cent this year with growth of 2.1 per cent returning next year, according to ATB.
"The projected growth in our GDP is a good sign, but 2017 will still be a tough year as many Albertans will continue to be out of work," said Hirsch. "Things are going in the right direction but employment levels will take time to catch up to the rise in GDP."
Oil prices fell from more than $100 US a barrel in 2014 to under $30 earlier this year. The steep drop forced companies to slash spending and cut more than 40,000 jobs.
The price of oil was about $45 US a barrel on Wednesday morning for West Texas Intermediate. Forecasts suggest prices will average about $56 to $60 in 2017, only a modest increase from current levels.
The latest quarterly earnings showed mixed results for Canada's large oil and gas players.
For instance, Suncor surprised analysts by posting a $392 million net profit in the most recent quarter, while Cenovus posted a $251 million loss and said it's looking for more areas to trim spending.
cron.weekly issue #80: nftables, BBR, WireGuard, Kubernetes, %CPU, GlusterFS, BTRFS & more
Welcome to cron.weekly issue #80 for Sunday, May 14th, 2017.
If you're also responsible for Windows servers, this probably hasn't been a good week for you. Good luck in patching everything against the cryptolocker worm doing the rounds!
I'd also like to give a special thanks to the kind folks at Datadog who have been sponsoring this newsletter for a very long time. Make sure to check them out if you're looking for performance monitoring and tell'm you came via cron.weekly.
Further on, there's quite a bit of financial news in this issue (I know, it surprised me too!), many new & interesting guides, news & tools.
Enjoy!
News
nftables replaces the good old iptables framework, this post gives some practical commands to help get you started using nftables on Linux.
In an age where microservices cause load balancer reconfigures as often as every few minutes, making those changes as unobtrusive as possible is important. The HAProxy team describes their efforts to make true, zero downtime, reloads possible.
That's a lot of money to go to open source. Congratulations, MariaDB!
Even more open source financial news: Canonical is planning to go public, after an initial round of investment. Looks like money will soon flow towards Ubuntu and the other services offered by Canonical.
This isn't Linux-news per sé, but I know a lot of you appreciate low-level protocol details: BBR is a new TCP delay-controlled TCP flow control algorithm from Google, similar to Vegas, Cubic, … etc.
Turns out, 2017 is the year of Linux on the desktop, but the desktop just happens to be Windows (credit). Windows is adding additional distro's, like SUSE and Fedora, to the Windows Subsystem for Linux. Your ‘bash on Windows' might soon run another distro than Ubuntu.
It's sometimes impossible to answer what's consuming resources like CPU, IO, & memory in a complex software such as a database. This ebook explains how a specialization of ordinary linear regression answers seemingly unsolvable database questions. (Sponsored)
Tools & Projects
Track & alert on the health and performance of every server, container, and app in any environment, with Datadog. Sign up for a free 14-day trial. (Sponsored)
Your favourite Open Source Vulnerability Scanners hosted online for remote security testing. With HackerTarget, perform once off scans or schedule jobs to alert on changes to Internet facing systems. Signup now for immediate access. (Sponsored)
A new point release on Debian 8 came out last week, fixing mostly security problems.
A series of steps & guides to start Kubernetes clusters for the hobbyist. This has so many detailed steps and looks like really valuable content if you ever want to get started with Kubernetes.
WireGuard is an extremely simple yet fast and modern VPN that utilizes state-of-the-art cryptography. It aims to be faster, simpler, leaner, and more useful than IPSec, while avoiding the massive headache.
Jackhammer is a collaboration tool built with an aim of bridging the gap between Security team vs dev team, QA team. It can do static code analysis and dynamic analysis with built-in vulnerability management.
These folks also took a new investment round (more open source money!) and announced the 1.0 of CockroachDB, a cloud-native SQL database for building global, scalable cloud services that survive disasters.
Gixy is a tool to analyze Nginx configuration. The main goal of Gixy is to prevent security misconfiguration and automate flaw detection.
Guides & Tutorials
Earths shattered, dreams crushed, fantasies annihilated. But besides that, also a very well-written post about how CPU usage is currently being shown on Linux, how to interpret the numbers, etc.
Some clever use of /etc/fstab configs, a custom compiled kernel & bootloader changes to make this happen.
You want NFS for its convenience, but what goes on behind your NFS stack? What storage is powering that? This guide explains how to make a GlusterFS backend for your NFS setup.
Friends don't let friends use DRBD, but just in case you want to: this guide gets you up-and-running with a DRBD cluster.
This is a clever trick: you can create a local loopback device, format it as BTRFS and mount it with options that enable compression. This can allow you to compress files & directories on a “fake” BTRFS volume.
Slides with lots of details on using ProxySQL, a high performant proxy for MySQL. Very similar to MariaDB's MaxScale.
A fair warning when using “set -e” in Bash scripts (to make scripts fail, if any its commands fail). Things don't always run the way you want.
Videos
Lots of good video content on service discovery, PBX, git, credential management, containers, … from the LinuxFest Northwest conference.
Takahiro Norimoto threw a five-hit shutout and Japhet Amador hit a first-inning grand slam as the Pacific League-leading Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles defeated the Chiba Lotte Marines 5-0 on Wednesday.
Norimoto (4-1) earned their third straight win after striking out 12, reaching double-digits for a club-record fourth consecutive game in their 100-pitch outing. They let a runner reach second base just once, when Takashi Ogino hit a leadoff double in the first inning.
Lotte starter Jason Standridge (1-3) surrendered a single to Carlos Peguero, a hit batsman and a walk to load the bases with two outs in the bottom half before Amador went deep to left at Kobo Park Miyagi.
“I was at full throttle from the beginning and Amador's home run let me pitch at ease,” said Norimoto, who issued one walk in their first shutout in two years. “I was doing well from practice today so I tried to give all I had from the first inning and that led to the shutout.
“My breaking balls were good, too. I think I can give a full mark for my effort. I was attacking batters and getting ahead in the count, which I believe helped me (achieve the club record for strikeouts).”
Standridge remained volatile in the second inning as the right-hander hit another batter with one out. An Eigoro Mogi single put runners on the corners before Peguero plated the fifth run with a groundout.
The early runs cost Standridge and Lotte dearly as they went on to blank Rakuten over the next five innings. They allowed four hits, a walk and two hit batsmen over seven innings in a 102-pitch effort.
Fighters 2, Lions 1
At Sapporo Dome, Hokkaido Nippon Ham came from behind as Brandon Laird tied the game with an RBI single in the first off Seibu's Ken Togame (0-2) and plated the decisive second run with a single in the third inning.
Takayuki Kato (3-1) held the Lions to a run over six-plus innings.
Hawks 3, Buffaloes 2 (10)
At Fukuoka's Yafuoku Dome, SoftBank's Kenta Imamiya tied the game at 2-2 with an RBI single in the fifth before driving in the walk-off run with another in the 10th.
CENTRAL LEAGUE
Giants 9, Tigers 7
At Tokyo Dome, Hayato Sakamoto went 3-for-4 with two homers for four RBIs as Yomiuri hit five home runs to halt CL-leading Hanshin's six-game winning streak.
BayStars 3, Dragons 1
At Nagoya Dome, Kentaro Taira (1-0) held Chunichi to a run over five innings for Yokohama.
Toshihiko Kuramoto singled in two runs with the bases loaded in the fourth off Shinnosuke Ogasawara (0-1) before Yoshitomo Tsutsugo went deep for the third time this season in the fifth.
Carp 8, Swallows 7
At Jingu Stadium, Hiroshima snapped its four-game losing skid as Seiya Suzuki, who went 3-for-4 with five RBIs, restored the lead with a two-run shot off Tokyo Yakult's Josh Lueke (1-3) for their second homer of the night.
-D
E.Mail: dylan.pierpont@gmail.com
Instagram: [at]dylanpierpont
Back from Spectrum and feeling juiced off everyone's energy out there! Met a ton of great people out there, reviewed a handful of portfolios, and sold a few prints. All in all a pretty rewarding experience.Now that I'm home and back on the freelance schedule, It's time to focus on client projects BUT!! I'm happy to announce that The Precipice website is nearly finished...just a few final tweaks to the immersion and then I can finally blast it all over my social media and start hearing what all you fine people have to sayFor those of you who might not know, The Precipice is a personal project of mine that I've been chipping away at for some time now. The website will be a place where you can check out all the artwork, read up on the history of the world, and follow along in my efforts to build this story from the ground up. Can't wait to show it off!!Also, I still have some leftover 11x17" and 8.5x11" prints from the show. I haven't quite figured out how I'm going promote those just yet. So for the time being if anyone is interested feel free to shoot me an email at dylan.pierpont@gmail.com and I'll get you set up with prices and pictures.As always, thanks for checkin'!
[display-posts wrapper="div" wrapper_class="my-grid-layout" category="trending-news" posts_per_page="3" include_title="true" include_link="false" include_date="true" date_format="F j, Y" image_size="large" trending_posts="true"]
*Dancers from the Miami Northwestern Senior High dance team have come under fire for being “too risqué” with their costumes and routine after video of their act went viral once it appeared on social media.
As reported by The Grape Vine, the dance team wore “thigh-high tights, a cutout leotard with a long-sleeved crop top and black boots, which many people said resembled lingerie and stripper clothing.”
But the dance instructor, Traci Young-Byron, posted photos on Instagram and said that Kitana from “Mortal Kombat” was the inspiration.
OTHER NEWS YOU MIGHT HAVE MISSED: Cavs Owner Dan Gilbert Experienced Racism ‘I Didn't Realize Existed' after LeBron James' Trump Tweet
Of course, much of the criticism came from parents of other students at the high school, who slam the outfits for not being age appropriate.
“I'm old-fashioned, and I believe that's too sexy,” Jerry Byrd told WSVN. “There are a lot of bad people out there that will look at that and take it a different way. I have two daughters I deal with, and I won't allow that.”
The Miami Northwestern principal issued a statement about the dancers' outfits:
“Miami Northwestern Senior High School has always been a source of pride for students, parents, alumni and the community. We will continue that tradition. While all the parents of the dancers who participated in the event approved of the attire, we understand the concerns that have been raised and sincerely apologize for any offense this may have caused. Looking ahead, we will implement a more comprehensive and stringent uniform approval process to ensure an appropriate representation of our school.”
Young-Byron noted that the girls were being called “strippers in training” only because they were black, and further proved their point by posting photos of young white dancers dressed in similar attire:
Save
Save
Save
Save
SAN ANTONIO - A group of protestors took to the corner of Columbus and West Martin Sunday to call for a removal of the Christopher Columbus statue.
A #SanAntonio group is protesting #ChristopherColumbusDay at the statue on the corner of Columbus and W Martin pic.twitter.com/xn21B9Zl1S — Max Massey (@MaxMasseyTV) October 8, 2017
People holding signs and chanting said the holiday and statue represents oppression for Native Americans.
"We need to take these statues down because we don't need to be constantly reminded of our oppressors and the bad history so we need to take these statues down," Juan Aguirre, one of the people protesting, said.
Aguirre said people have been protesting the statue for years, and their next step is to speak with city council about taking it down.
On Monday, many will observe Christopher Columbus day.
Protestor: It's not about who is right or who is wrong it's about Good education... We refuse to be oppressed anymore” #SanAntonio pic.twitter.com/HHr9Aex8l2 — Max Massey (@MaxMasseyTV) October 8, 2017
"It's time that our people wake up and start fighting back let these people know we aren't going to take it sitting down anymore, we need to stand up, our people need to stand up and our people need to be acknowledged as a people," Aguirre said.
Christopher Columbus Italian Society owns the statue; president says it's a free country and won't step in unless protestors deface statue pic.twitter.com/7jj5ki1Xd2 — Max Massey (@MaxMasseyTV) October 8, 2017
The Christopher Columbus Italian Society owns the statue, but the land belongs to the city.
The president of the organization told KSAT it's a free country and they won't step in unless the protestors deface the statue.
Copyright 2017 by KSAT - All rights reserved.
Philippines inclines more to cooperate with Moscow and Beijing rather than with Washington.
© AFP 2018 / NOEL CELIS/POOL US, Philippines Look to Cooperate on Counterterrorism, Cybersecurity
MOSCOW (Sputnik) – Manila intends to cooperate with Moscow and Beijing rather than with Washington, amid a rift in relations with the United States, Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte said Monday.
"I am not ready for military alliances because we have a treaty that was signed in the 50s. But I am ready to cooperate with my new friends – China and Russia – to make this world more peaceful. US has decided to cancel the procurement of weapons. And I said, 'I have a friend who has plenty," Duterte told RT in an interview.
The president answered in the affirmative on the interviewer's question if Philippines were leaning towards cooperation with China and Russia, rather than with the United States.
© REUTERS / Lean Daval Jr Philippines Yet to Notify US on Canceling Order for Weapons - State Department
On Friday, Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev said that Russia and the Philippines would hold negotiations to sign a defense cooperation agreement.
The relations between the United States and Philippines are unprecedentedly tensed over repeated comments by Duterte that have cast doubt on future US-Philippine relations.
In addition to insulting US President Barack Obama, Duterte recently said it was time for Manila to "say goodbye" to the United States' long use of Philippine land for military bases, and on a visit to Beijing they announced their country was separating from the United States in order to realign with China.
On November 8, Duterte claimed they would cancel an order for 26,000 US-made M16 rifles, originally intended to arm the country's national police, to "look for a cheaper source."
The following day, Duterte congratulated US President-elect Donald Trump and expressed hope that relations between the two nations would improve in the future.
About
This project is something I've been working on diligently for the past few months. What it strives to do is revolutionize the Home Automation industry, providing something that is not only highly functional, but inexpensive as well. It does this by allowing users to have the system installed (or DIY), and giving them control over almost every aspect of their home with ease. This includes things like opening and closing blinds, turning off and on lights, controlling televisions, detecting motion, and even playing music. A long term goal for this system is to have it such that it can be controlled by voice, which is not a difficult goal with the emerging technologies we see today. In order for our team to continue development here at the University of Arizona, we need funding to purchase the development boards and programmers necessary to create prototypes, and eventually a finished product. It will allow users to access their automation functionality from anywhere with an internet connection, and since its hosted at home there's no need to pay for a subscription service (although one will be available). With all the design considerations that have been made UnitFi will reach the market at a much lower price point than what exists today, and it will have more functionality and versatility as well.
Very sad to read the news about Indian immigrants being shot over their status as immigrants. FWIW, I worked closely with a variety of H1B Visa immigrants (IT, of course), was friends with an Indian Muslim name Mohammed (suprise!), and even participated in a protest they invited me to (the Jenin refugee camp incursion, some question about Israel's role in possible atrocities at the time, Google will enlighten you), which I'm proud of.
I'm also not against all illegal immigrants. Many are contributing and want nothing but what I want: some economic stability, the ability live in dignity, a better life for their families. I'm fine with that.
But immigration as a whole needs to be reduced. I support deporting criminal illegal aliens, no question. Get them out.
Provide some path to citizenship for other illegal aliens. Not necessarily all.
No one will be deporting H1B Visa, High Tech workers. Trump is not a despot, and works legally within the boundaries of US law. Those laws seriously restrict their ability to mandate anything. Which I've told people about many times (they still panic).
I believe the era of mass immigration to the US is over. That is for a variety of Cultural and Economic reasons. If jobs that my peers used to do can be deported overseas, then I see no reason to import more people. Most IT jobs can be done from India, by Indians, who don't need residency in the US. It will be cheaper for Google, FB, Amazon, and the rest to do it that way, anyway. We don't need another Mobile App Startup Incubator. Those things are all tricks.
I see no reason why non-naturalized citizens of foreign nations need to matriculate at our Universities when the cost is so high. A select number of Diverse nationalities is healthy and good for education. A majority of people representing one or two racial groups, many if not most of whom will not stay in the US but take their knowledge with them, often to the PRC, an enemy of my Nation, is not healthy for the US. I see no reason to continue it. We, as a Nation-State, have every right, indeed obligation, to reduce their numbers in our Universities. They are not contributing any more at 30% of the student body than they do at 3%. All they're doing is driving up costs for other students. That's a negative impact of so-called 'High Tech' immigration. No one has proven to me that their education benefits me in any way, and I can't find any on my own. I'm not stupid or unable to research. They don't contribute to me, or more importantly, my kids.
Mexicans, Indians, Chinese, Africans, Persians, Arabs, and others need to solve problems in their countries. The solution to their problems is no longer to matriculate in US Universities, driving up costs, then residing in the US, abandoning their nation and fixing the problems there. Unstable nations in Africa, Asia, and the Middle East are now bringing their problems to the US. No thank you. I don't see a benefit any longer. Fix your problems in your nations.
Which brings up Islam. I'm not seeing the benefit to mass Islamic immigration. They have a serious problem within Islam that they have brought to the West. 'We' did not create their problems. But now, mass numbers of US Insitutions, and in the greater West, are promulgating the idea that we are the problem Muslims face.
First, that won't solve the problems for the children of refugees, as that's not correct.
Second, the narrative that the West is the cause of the World's Problems is corrosive to my civilization, and it needs to be stopped.
When certain segments of Western society begin to understand that Islam has, by fundamental nature, chosen a war with the West, and that was inevitable according to their Scripture, then we can move forward with embracing Progressive ideas. Until then, those ideas are dangerous to me, them, you, and everyone else. Hillary Clinton killed people with their false domestic narrative about how peace and harmony are going to win the day. They won't, unfortunately, and I am comfortable with my knowledge of History to make that determination, now.
It's regrettable that there are racists who will commit violence. Indeed, the majority of interracial violence is anti-white in this nation, without question or controversy, as a fact. Howeve,r these racists will always exist. Defending my country, in a legal and peaceful way domestically, and with terrifying and overwhelming violence abroad, is my intention. I have no need, in fact hate, racial violence against individuals. Which is a core belief of the US, and only about 12 nations on Earth, all in the West.
In every other nation, including India and China, racial violence is de riguer. India is racist, China is racist, and every nation on earth is racist except for the US, Canada, and Northwest Europe. So none of the other nations has anything to say to me, an American, about racism, at all. And any American who claims otherwise will increasingly be dismissed as more and more people learn what the world is like outside of our safe borders.
I intend to keep them safe, and Trump ran on that absolutely irrevocable resolve.
The age of immigrating to the West, especially the US, then cynically exploiting our Multiculturalism to prove I'm a bad person, my kids are bad people, is over. That's over now.
These are bigger issues I'm not wasting on reddit, though.
Have a good, and peaceful, day. Welcome to my nation if you are willing to assume an American way of life, and American beliefs.
PHILADELPHIA -- Word got out Aug. 10, one day before the Eagles' preseason opener against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers that tackle Lane Johnson had tested positive for a banned substance and would be suspended for 10 games.
That was Aug. 10.
It's Sept. 18 and not only hasn't Johnson been suspended, the Eagles haven't heard anything about their situation, according to head coach Doug Pederson.
"Yeah, you would think you would have heard something by now,'' Pederson said Saturday as they prepared their team to play the Chicago Bears, Monday night. "Again, it's just day-to-day. I just go about our business and get them ready to play.''
So Johnson will start at right tackle Monday night against the Chicago Bears just as they did open day against the Cleveland Browns and perhaps will next Sunday against the Pittsburgh Steelers and who knows how much longer.
Maybe he'll never get suspended.
Pederson supports players
"That's obviously a possibility,'' Pederson said perhaps hoping. "But then if it does happen, obviously down the road it just pushes everything back. Me, personally, I'd rather know now than later. But until then, he's the guy.''
And everything else is on hold, like left guard Allen Barbre staying put. If/when Johnson is suspended, Barbre is the new right tackle. Until then he's the left guard.
Pederson said Barbre hasn't gotten any work at tackle since the end of the preseason.
"We haven't in the last couple weeks, just because we haven't heard anything,'' the head coach said. "What we did in training camp and the things they did for those couple of weeks and getting themselves ready to play -- especially now, if something were to come down and to move them over there with a week of preparation, he'd be okay.''
Mark Eckel may be reached at mjeck04@verizon.net. Follow them on Twitter @MarkEckel08. Find NJ.com Eagles on Facebook.
Muslims in India should speak out against any act of violence on Hindus committed by members of the majority population in Islamic countries like Pakistan and Bangladesh, Congress leader Ghulam Nabi Azad said.
They were a addressing a gathering here at a seminar on -- Role of Muslim Youth in Strengthening Democracy -- organised by National Tricolour Association of India, a non-profit organisation.
"There have been cases of violence against Muslims, from (Mohammad) Akhlaq's lynching in Dadri to two boys in Jharkhand who were hung from a tree. And, there has never been a lack of expression of secularism from Hindus in our country. You see on television, how they (Hindus) strip RSS and BJP bare, whenever such incidents happen. But, why we (Muslims) don't raise issues when there are violations against Hindus in Pakistan and Bangladesh," they asked.
In their address, Azad also hit out at the Centre saying, "democracy has ceased to exist" in the country ever since the NDA government came to power.
They added that if the Muslims in India start speaking out against acts of such violence in the neighbouring countries then, "BJP's anti-Muslim edge will be blunted." Two other scholars, who also spoke at the seminar held at the India Islamic Centre, underlined the "silence" of the country's Muslim community in hours of violence in "India's neighbourhood".
We hear cases of violence meted out to our Hindu brothers in Bangladesh, or of Hindu temples being razed or desecrated.
But, do we (Muslims) speak out on such brazen acts of violations. We must speak out against injustice, just as we expect our majority Hindu brothers to stand by us in India, they said.
Azad also hit out at the government over the demonetization issue saying, "the move has driven Indians crazy in the name of black money".
They also took a dig at the media and Prime Minister Modi, saying, "now it's all Modi in newspapers and on TV channels, the Opposition cannot be seen."
"The time of free and impartial media is no more. Now, you open, newspapers, and you see 10-20 pictures of Modi," they alleged.
Thanks to the hwesta.eu online shop, we got our hands on the Helicon-Tex Urban Tactical Pants to test them.
The Helicon-Tex UTP pants are part of the Urban Tactical Line group of products offered by Helikon-Tex. This line is designed to meet the needs of more casual users–it's perfectly fine to wear these items on a day-to-day basis. If you are going hiking, doing casual shooting or simply need an outfit that is capable of withstanding heavier use, this is the line of clothes for you.
Primarily, Helikon designed this line for the Law Enforcement operators, but as you will see later, given the price point and the fit, most people will find them very attractive.
The pants are available in two types: Ripstop or Cotton canvas. The jeans option is also available.
The Ripstop version comes in many different colours. Black, Coyote, Khaki, Camogrom, Jungle Green, Olive Drab, Shadow Grey, Navy Blue and Mud Brown.
The plain cotton comes in Black, Coyote, Khaki, Jungle Green, Olive Drab, Navy Blue and of course the jeans come in Denim Blue.
We had the pleasure to test the Ripstop version in Camogrom pattern.
Material
The material is a 2-way elastic Ripstop. It consists of 60% cotton, 37% polyester and 3% Spandex. This means that the material is both breathable and elastic. It's also very soft in touch and plain pleasant to wear. The light weight of just 625g is also remarkable. I could not simply notice any weight on me.
Features
These pants come with a great combination of features. The elastic waist with a Velcro fastener is great to adjust the waist size even without a belt. As a slim person used to wearing belts 99% of the time, this was a really nice change. Putting some load in the pockets did not make the pants get any loose or slide down. The fastener locks the trousers on your waist very securely and comfortably.
The main front pockets come with key loops that are compatible with your choice of D-rings or karabiners. If you have a keychain that needs to stay secured, this is the perfect feature to have. What's more, these front pockets have strengthened edges which allows you to attach any gear with clips, be it a torch or a multitool. You can stay assured that your pocket edges won't suddenly tear.
Main side thigh pockets have an interesting construction. It's a combo of 2 pockets–a big thigh cargo pocket (zippered with YKK reverse zippers) and additional Velcro flapped pocket that can carry your smartphone or AR magazines. Like most cargo pockets, they offer you plenty of space to carry any personal belongings.
On the inside of the waistband you will find 2 smaller concealed pockets perfect for holding items that you don't want to be visible. Unfortunately they are not flapped so it's not perfect for keeping valuable items. Although it was not possible for me to loose any items I kept there, be it coins, keys or a credit card-wallet. They seem to be kept closed securely enough by your waist or a belt.
Back pockets are spacious and contain smaller compartments to store torches or batons. They function as dump pouches too.
The knee area contains a kneepad compartment. Ideal for Helicon-Tex Low Profile Protective Pad Inserts.
And of course, the fly is YKK zippered.
In total, the pants have 12 separate pockets. Quite impressive for a pair of trousers! Very utilitarian approach.
Use
Thanks to the material used, the trousers do not constrain any movements. Walking obviously is easy. Running is not a problem. Kneeling is not difficult at all. Jumping over obstacles is a breeze as well.
I particularly liked how the crotch area was designed. Any movement in a kneeled or squatting position was not restrained in any manner.
Access to the pockets is very easy, especially to the front or back pockets mainly due to the angled seams. What's really interesting is that I could easily dump 4 AR magazines in them without any effort. Great if you are thinking about using a pair of these trousers for a very light shooting outfit.
Summary
It's clear that a lot of thought and testing went into the design of the trousers. So far, the UTP pants are my favourite in the group of tactical trousers. The very light weight and no restriction in movement gained my approval. Would I recommend buying them? Absolutely. If you are shopping for a pair of good tactical pants, the UTP line is definitely worth checking out.
PS. Be sure to visit Hwesta.eu store. They offer the full line of Helikon-Tex products.
Swedish renewable energy company Eneo Solutions AB announced it was awarded Sweden's first solar PPA for a rooftop project in a tender held by the Municipality of Järfalla.
The company said that this is Sweden's first public PPA solar energy project. The municipality had asked the market for the lowest power price from 10 rooftop PV systems planned for its own facilities. A total of 745 kW of PV will be mounted on the roofs of seven schools and three residential homes, according to Eneo.
“Even though the Swedish power price is quite low, it is possible to reach an attractive PPA”, Eneo's business manager Hans Viken told pv magazine. According to Viken, however, the economics of the municipality's solar initiative was not the primary driver, but nevertheless an important aspect. The municipality had compared the expected LCOE of PV with those of grid power, and, even if it lowered the expectations of the value of Energy Certificate (ECs) and Guarantee of Origin (GOs), the PV LCOE price was significantly lower.
The size of each plant is optimized to match each facility's energy consumption and, as long as the power produced is used behind the meter, PPA prices can reach grid parity, Viken explained.
“The winning bid,” Viken specified, “was at SEK 1,1 ($0.13)/kWh under the 20-year PPA. However, the municipality expects the actual PPA cost to be 0,9 SEK/kWh, due to the value of ECs and GOs, which they estimate to 0,2 SEK/kWh seen over time. The PPA also contains the 30% deduction of the installation cost supported by Sweden's solar rebate scheme.”
The Swedish legislation, which currently allows both public and private PPAs, is promoting solar development through a solar rebate scheme. In early September, the Swedish government announced it will almost double the financial support for the program for this year from SEK 225 million ($28.2 million) to SEK 425 million ($53.2 million).
Eneo Solutions AB was founded in 2013. The company closed a $2.7 m round of financing in October 2015. At the time, investors were Gullspång Invest, a Swedish family-office venture capitalist investing in early-stage cleantech and technology companies, RAM Rational Asset Management, a hedge fund management company, and local entrepreneur Rikard Lindström. This group of investors was recently joined by Sweden-based investment company Infranode, which agreed to invest SEK 100 million ($11.3 million) in Eneo.
ANKARA (Reuters) - Anti-Islam politician Geert Wilders may have fallen short in this week's election in the Netherlands, but their views were shared by all the Dutch parties and are pushing Europe towards “wars of religion”, Turkey's foreign minister said on Thursday.
Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu addresses supporters during a political rally on Turkey's upcoming referendum, in Metz, France, March 12, 2017. REUTERS/Vincent Kessler
Centre-right Prime Minister Mark Rutte fended off the Wilders challenge in a victory hailed across Europe by governments facing a rising wave of nationalism.
The reaction in Ankara was less sanguine. Turkey has been locked in a deepening row with the Netherlands after the Dutch barred Turkish ministers from holding rallies among overseas Turks.
“Many parties have received a similar share of votes. Seventeen percent, 20 percent, there are lots of parties like this, but they are all the same,” Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said at a rally in the southern city of Antalya.
“There is no difference between the mindsets of Geert Wilders and social democrats in the Netherlands. They all have the same mindset ... That mindset is taking Europe to the cliff. Soon wars of religion may and will start in Europe.”
Turkey on Monday suspended high-level relations with the Netherlands after the Dutch cited public safety in banning its ministers from addressing expatriate Turks. Their votes are being sought in a campaign for a referendum that would give President Tayyip Erdoğan sweeping new powers.
Erdoğan, who is counting on the overseas Turks in the April 16 vote, has accused the Dutch government of acting like “Nazi remnants”. On Thursday, they said the diplomatic row had cost Rutte Ankara's friendship.
“Hey Rutte, you may have won the election as first party, but you have lost a friend like Turkey,” Erdoğan told flag-waving crowds at a pro-referendum rally in the northwestern province of Sakarya.
They also slammed the European Union for a ruling allowing companies to ban staff from wearing Islamic headscarves under certain conditions.
“Shame on the EU,” Erdoğan said. “Down with your European principles, values and justice ... They started a clash between the cross and the crescent, there is no other explanation.”
Although a majority Muslim country, Turkey is officially secular and headscarves were banned for decades in the civil service and universities. Erdoğan and the Islamist-rooted AK Party they founded fought to overturn those bans, which they see as discriminatory, and to bring religion into public life.
Village in Ohio, United States
Lisbon is a village in Center Township, Columbiana County, Ohio, United States. The population was 2,821 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Columbiana County.[6] Lisbon is located in the Salem, OH Micropolitan Statistical Area, as well as the southern regions of the greater Mahoning Valley.
The modern drinking straw was invented and was patented in Lisbon.[7][8]
History [ edit ]
New Lisbon was platted on February 16, 1803, by Lewis Kinney as the second town in Ohio, named after the Portuguese capital city of Lisbon.[9] The village was incorporated under a special act of legislature on February 7, 1825.[10] Originally known for its iron and whiskey production, New Lisbon became an economic hub of many sorts into the first industrial revolution.[11] During this time, the village claimed the county's first bank, the Columbiana Bank of New Lisbon, its first insurance company, and the first Ohio newspaper, The Ohio Patriot, founded by an Alsatian immigrant, William D. Lepper.[12] The village was renamed to Lisbon in 1895.[13]
Lisbon has the distinction of being the northernmost western town involved in military actions during the American Civil War. Confederate cavalry officer John Hunt Morgan surrendered to New Lisbon Militia forces in West Point at the end of Morgan's Raid into Ohio.[14]
Geography [ edit ]
Lisbon is located at (40.773874, -80.767553).[15]
The following highways pass through Lisbon:
According to the United States Census Bureau, the village has a total area of 1.69 square miles (4.38 km2), all land.[1]
Demographics [ edit ]
Historical population Census Pop. %± 1810 303 — 1820 746 146.2% 1830 1,129 51.3% 1860 1,381 — 1870 1,569 13.6% 1880 2,028 29.3% 1890 2,278 12.3% 1900 3,330 46.2% 1910 3,084 −7.4% 1920 3,113 0.9% 1930 3,405 9.4% 1940 3,379 −0.8% 1950 3,293 −2.5% 1960 3,579 8.7% 1970 3,521 −1.6% 1980 3,159 −10.3% 1990 3,037 −3.9% 2000 2,788 −8.2% 2010 2,821 1.2% Est. 2017 2,673 [16] −5.2% source:[17]
2010 census [ edit ]
As of the census[3] of 2010, there were 2,821 people, 1,138 households, and 693 families residing in the village. The population density was 1,669.2 inhabitants per square mile (644.5/km2). There were 1,287 housing units at an average density of 761.5 per square mile (294.0/km2). The racial makeup of the village was 97.4% White, 1.1% African American, 0.2% Native American, 0.2% Asian, 0.2% from other races, and 0.9% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.2% of the population.
There were 1,138 households of which 30.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.4% were married couples living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 5.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 39.1% were non-families. 34.2% of all households were made up of individuals and 13.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.35 and the average family size was 3.00.
The median age in the village was 39.6 years. 23.1% of residents were under the age of 18; 9% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 24.3% were from 25 to 44; 28.1% were from 45 to 64; and 15.5% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the village was 47.3% male and 52.7% female.
2000 census [ edit ]
As of the census[5] of 2000, there were 2,788 people, 1,133 households, and 696 families residing in the village. The population density was 2,521.1 people per square mile (969.8/km²). There were 1,253 housing units at an average density of 1,133.0 per square mile (435.8/km²). The racial makeup of the village was 97.74% White, 0.90% African American, 0.22% Native American, 0.22% Asian, 0.04% Pacific Islander, 0.29% from other races, and 0.61% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.61% of the population.
There were 1,133 households out of which 30.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.5% were married couples living together, 11.9% had a female householder with no husband present, and 38.5% were non-families. 34.3% of all households were made up of individuals and 16.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.37 and the average family size was 3.07.
In the village, the population was spread out with 24.9% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 27.8% from 25 to 44, 22.6% from 45 to 64, and 15.9% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 38 years. For every 100 females, there were 89.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 87.0 males.
The median income for a household in the village was $27,841, and the median income for a family was $36,707. Males had a median income of $29,271 versus $19,826 for females. The per capita income for the village was $14,097. About 10.1% of families and 14.1% of the population were below the poverty line, including 13.4% of those under the age of 18 and 5.2% of those 65 years or over.
Education [ edit ]
Children in Lisbon are served by the Lisbon Exempted Village School District. The current schools in the district are:
McKinley Elementary School – 441 E Chestnut Street, grades K-5
David Anderson Junior-Senior High School – 260 W Pine Street, grades 6-12
The school's athletic teams are known as the Blue Devils. The most heavily followed athletic programs at Lisbon's high school are football and basketball. Most notable is Lisbon's 1995 Division V State Championship in football, the only such championship in that sport ever to be held by a Columbiana County school. Other sports include track, swimming, golf, cross-country, baseball, softball, volleyball, and cheerleading.
The Columbiana County Career and Technical Center is immediately south of city limits.
Culture [ edit ]
The Dulci-More Festival, a music festival dedicated to the Appalachian dulcimer and other traditional musical instruments, was inaugurated in 1995 and takes place each Memorial Day weekend at Camp McKinley, a Boy Scout camp near Lisbon.[18] Lisbon also is the host city to the Columbiana County Johnny Appleseed Festival and Columbiana County Fair.
Folk band Bon Iver paid tribute to the village in the instrumental song "Lisbon, OH", from their 2011 Grammy Award-winning album Bon Iver, Bon Iver.
Notable residents [ edit ]
When it comes to Android apps, even the simplest app could greatly compromise your privacy and security.
Injecting malicious JavaScript into Android applications has drawn an increased attention from the hacking community as its market share spikes. According to security researcher Jeremy S. from Singapore, a critical vulnerability in the Feedly app left millions of android app users vulnerable to the JavaScript infections.
Feedly is a very popular app available for iOS and Android devices, also integrated into hundreds of other third party apps, which offers its users to browse the content of their favourite blogs, magazines, websites and more at one place via RSS feed subscriptions. According to Google Play Store, more than 5 Million users have installed Feedly app into their Android devices.
In a blogpost , the researcher reported that Feedly is vulnerable to JavaScript injection attack, which is originally referred as 'cross-site scripting' or XSS vulnerability, allows an attacker to execute any JavaScript code on client-side. JavaScript is a widely used technology within the websites and web based applications, but it is use not only for the good purposes, but for the malicious purposes as well.
Feedly app was failed to sanitize the Javascript code written in the original articles on subscribed websites or blogs, that left millions of their feed subscribers open to the injection attacks. Researcher demonstrated that the vulnerability allows an attacker to execute the malicious JavaScript code within the Feedly app at the users' end. So, if a user browses an article via Feedly that might include the malicious javascript code, the users unknowingly give leverages to an attacker to carry out malicious activities against themselves.
“The android app does not sanitize JavaScript codes and interprets them as codes. As a result, allows potential attackers to perform JavaScript code executions on victim's Feedly android app session via a crafted blog post,” the researcher wrote. They added, “Attacks can take place only when user browses the RSS-subscribed site's contents via the Feedly android app.”
A malicious JavaScript injection allows an attacker to do a number of things, to modify or read cookies, temporarily edit web page contents, to modify web forms, to inject tracking codes or exploits codes in order to infect the Android users.
A state funeral in North Korea has sparked another fresh round of purge rumours after one of Kim Jong-Un's most powerful aides was omitted from the official funeral committee list.
Marshal Ri Ul-Sol, who died of lung cancer at the weekend, is to be given a state funeral on November 11, and the list of 170 names published on Sunday -- headed by leader Kim Jong-Un -- is an official Who's Who of the top political and military hierarchy.
A notable absentee, however, is Choe Ryong-Hae, a member of the ruling party's politburo standing committee and seen as one of Kim's closest confidantes.
Even if unwell, Choe would normally be on the list and experts said the omission of someone of their stature could not be put down to oversight.
"It's almost impossible that this happened unless Choe ... was removed from key positions," said Cheong Seong-Chang, an analyst at the Sejong Institute think-tank in Seoul.
"I suspect that Choe might have been involved in serious trouble such as a major corruption scandal or defamation," Cheong said.
North Korea's Choe Ryong-Hae, a member of the ruling party's politburo standing committee and seen as one of Kim Jong-Un's closest confidantes, at the closing ceremony of the 2014 Asian Games in Incheon on October 4, 2014 Martin Bureau, AFP/File
Seoul's Unification Ministry, which handles North Korea affairs, also noted the omission in a regular press briefing on Monday.
"We certainly view it as unusual given past precedent," said ministry spokesperson Jeong Joon-Hee.
Choe was also absent when Kim paid tribute at Ri's wake Sunday along with several senior military cadres, according to footage from North Korean state TV.
Choe was seen as Kim Jong-Un's most trusted envoy, and was chosen to take a personal message to Chinese President Xi Jinping in 2013.
And they visited Beijing again very recently, in September, as North Korea's representative at China's giant WWII victory anniversary parade.
They were mentioned by state media as recently as October 31, when they made a statement about a ruling party congress to be held next year.
Rumours of political purges and executions regularly swirl around the isolated North -- only to be rebutted when the official or officials in question resurface with their posts secure.
But Kim Jong-Un has been ruthless in eliminating even the highest-ranking officials whose loyalty may have been brought into question.
Kim had their powerful uncle, Jang Song-Thaek, executed in December 2012 on charges of treason and corruption.
The Kim dynasty has ruled the impoverished North for more than six decades with an iron fist and almost no tolerance for dissent.
The Illinois Supreme Court on Friday unanimously ruled unconstitutional a landmark state pension law that aimed to scale back government worker benefits to erase a massive $105 billion retirement system debt, sending lawmakers and the new governor back to the negotiating table to try to solve the pressing financial issue.
The ruling also reverberated at City Hall, imperiling a similar law Mayor Rahm Emanuel pushed through to shore up two of the four city worker retirement funds and making it more difficult for them to find fixes for police, fire and teacher pension funds that are short billions of dollars.
At issue was a December 2013 state law signed by then-Democratic Gov. Pat Quinn that stopped automatic, compounded yearly cost-of-living increases for retirees, extended retirement ages for current state workers and limited the amount of salary used to calculate pension benefits.
Employee unions sued, arguing that the state constitution holds that pension benefits amount to a contractual agreement and once they're bestowed, they cannot be "diminished or impaired." A circuit court judge in Springfield agreed with that assessment in November. State government appealed that decision to the Illinois Supreme Court, arguing that economic necessity forced curbing retirement benefits.
On Friday the justices rejected that argument, saying the law clearly violated what's known as the pension protection clause in the 1970 Illinois Constitution.
"Our economy is and has always been subject to fluctuations, sometimes very extreme fluctuations," Republican Justice Lloyd Karmeier wrote on behalf of all seven justices. "The law was clear that the promised benefits would therefore have to be paid and that the responsibility for providing the state's share of the necessary funding fell squarely on the legislature's shoulders.
"The General Assembly may find itself in crisis, but it is a crisis which other public pension systems managed to avoid and ... it is a crisis for which the General Assembly itself is largely responsible," Karmeier wrote.
Each of the four Illinois public retirement systems is in deep financial trouble. (Chicago Tribune Graphics) (Chicago Tribune Graphics)
"It is our obligation, however, just as it is theirs, to ensure that the law is followed. That is true at all times. It is especially important in times of crisis when, as this case demonstrates, even clear principles and long-standing precedent are threatened. Crisis is not an excuse to abandon the rule of law. It is a summons to defend it," they wrote.
The ruling means Republican Gov. Bruce Rauner and the Democrat-controlled General Assembly will have to come up with a new solution after justices appeared to offer little in the way of wiggle room beyond paying what's owed, which likely would require a tax increase. Coming up with a way to bridge a budget gap of more than $6 billion already was going to be difficult with little more than three weeks before a scheduled May 31 adjournment, and now the pension mess has been added to the mix.
Rauner, who argued during last year's campaign that the law was unconstitutional and didn't go far enough to reduce the pension debt, said the court ruling only reinforces their approach of getting voters to approve a constitutional amendment that "would allow the state to move forward on common-sense pension reforms."
The governor has proposed allowing veteran state workers to keep the current benefits they've earned through a certain date, then move them into a lower-paying benefit plan created for newer state workers. To try to make that approach pass legal muster, they want lawmakers to put on the ballot a proposed constitutional amendment to clarify that future retirement benefits could be changed.
In its ruling, the court restated that state worker retirement benefits that are promised on the first day of work cannot be later reduced during their term of employment, only increased. But it is unclear whether a change in the constitution could be applied to existing state workers. Even if reluctant lawmakers were to put a measure on the ballot and voters approved it, such a change would spur years of litigation that could involve both state and federal courts.
A coalition of unions that represent government workers and retirees applauded the ruling as protecting "the hard-earned life savings of teachers, police, firefighters, nurses, caregivers and other public service workers and retirees."
"Public service workers are helpers and problem solvers by trade. With the Supreme Court's unanimous ruling, we urge lawmakers to join us in developing a fair and constitutional solution to pension funding, and we remain ready to work with anyone of good faith to do so," Illinois AFL-CIO President Michael Carrigan said in a statement.
Democratic Senate President John Cullerton issued a statement noting concerns they raised at the time the bill was passed.
"Today, the Illinois Supreme Court declared that regardless of political considerations or fiscal circumstances, state leaders cannot renege on pension obligations," the statement read. "This ruling is a victory for retirees, public employees and everyone who respects the plain language of our constitution."
The court decision affects not only state government but also taxpayers in Chicago and municipalities throughout Illinois struggling to cope with growing pension debts that are straining government budgets.
At City Hall, the ruling stands to loom large in lawsuits that unions and retirees filed against Emanuel's changes to pension systems for city workers and laborers. Like the state law, the city measure reduced annual cost-of-living increases. The ruling also could hurt Emanuel's leverage as they negotiate a pension fix for the retirement systems covering Chicago police and firefighters.
At the state level, for decades governors and lawmakers failed to put enough money into the pension systems covering most state workers and university employees, as well as suburban and downstate teachers. In playing catch-up, spending on pensions now amounts to almost a quarter of every tax dollar that goes into the state's general bank account.
Gonna Need Some Paint
Josh is Gonna Love It In summary I would say $15 for a solid fold-able fore-grip is not unreasonable. It's a great offering and Dorm Labs makes a solid product here. I would recommend buyig this instead of the Nerf branded one off Ebay because of the ability to fold it up and tightly secure it to the rail. In summary I would say $15 for a solid fold-able fore-grip is not unreasonable. It's a great offering and Dorm Labs makes a solid product here. I would recommend buyig this instead of the Nerf branded one off Ebay because of the ability to fold it up and tightly secure it to the rail.
Its a bit slippy but it adds some coolness to the Rampage. Coming in next is the shotgun grip for the Rampage. I am going to make this short and sweet, if your Rampage is one of your 3 most used blasters spend the $15 and get this enhancement. I have 2 minor gripes: 1.) The grip is a little slick and i will need to make it tacky so I can use it better. 2.) For the same price as the fore-grip i don't think you get near the value because it is for 2 blasters. I think $10 would have been a fairer price .
Dorm Labs has done a great job in a short time I highly recommend checking them out and I hope they keep coming up with dope products for Nerf. I am a satisfied customer so far....Now seriously go buy a Hammershot!!!
http://www.dormlabs.com/ Go check these guys out!!!
Cool Instructions
I admit I am on a mission, our Nerf group really doesn't like the Rampage so I have never given it a chance. Now that I have been part of the NIC for a bit see that a lot of folks swear by the Rampage over the EAT. So thanks to my good buddy Jangular for the Rampage trade and check out all the dirty details after the jumpski...Costing $14.99 + Shipping the Dorm Labs Fore-grip is pretty awesome. The installation instructions are easy and the hold on between the grip and the blaster is tight. You have to make sure you line up the grooves right but once done It's not likely to come off without snapping. Now if that was all you got for $15 I would say bah but this thing folds too!!! Press the button on the side and boom your folded down....
Why use blockchain?(Solving peer to peer trust issues)
injoin Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 26, 2017
A world where every value can be connected between peer to peer is possible by simply getting rid of the pressure in pricing. It's good to share these values and let ourselves be more practical, but the world is complicated, and in the city, you don't know who lives next door and there are cases where you can't trust people. The peer to peer connection is really nice, but connections with someone you can't trust can make you feel apprehensive.
The trust issues against strangers can be solved by the list of events. The list of events is the history of all the request and support. These lists of events can be viewed in the user's profile and can be relied upon to ensure that these lists are never manipulated on the blockchain system. To determine trust of a user, we can read the list of events and find out the record, and see if we could fit. As the records of these events converge, the credibility of the person's trust increases. Users must spend time on events in order to build these lists. Spending time is a way to prove yourself. It could be possible to actually manipulate an event. For example, you can make two accounts and claim that you have made transactions even though you didn't. However, these manipulations can be determined untrustworthy on the blockchain after tracking through the events. Also, it is very time consuming to manipulate, therefore users won't use such an impractical method. About these issues, users can vote and decide to a proposal that blocks these malicious users.
All the list of events are recorded and readable on the block chain, therefore when users ask for a request or an assist, they can show trust. On this basis, users are possible to connect with a variety of other users.
Mayer's attempts to create upmarket content included commissioning high-quality TV shows and hiring Katie Couric
Since becoming Yahoo CEO two years ago, Marissa Mayer has been the center of intense scrutiny. A former Google executive, Mayer was drafted to turn around the once great Yahoo, but their tenure has been marred by odd strategic decisions, attempts to jump onto the premium TV bandwagon, courting star journalists and celebrities, management issues and flat revenues, according to a lengthy piece in The New York Times Magazine.
One of the notable revelations from the piece is Yahoo courting Gwyneth Paltrow — a best-selling author of cookbooks and head of the successful lifestyle blog Goop — to be a contributing editor of Yahoo Food. Mayer eventually "balked" at hiring the Oscar-winning actor, as they "disapproved of the fact that Paltrow did not graduate college." The Times piece notes that Mayer "habitually asked deputies where they attended college."
Mayer's initial appointment in the summer 2012 was met with a great amount of positive press, and Yahoo's stock rose during their first six months on the job. Tech industry analysts believed that they had put the company on the right path to their stated aim of competing more regularly with the Big Four — Apple, Google, Facebook and Amazon — of Internet businesses.
Read more Yahoo's Paul Feig Comedy to Reunite 'Mystery Science Theater 3000' Stars
After the honeymoon period, Mayer's gargantuan task at Yahoo became apparent. The Times piece outlines how, given its competitive disadvantages, Yahoo could not compete with Google on search or Facebook on social media, so Mayer devised a strategy to buy up hot startups (she outbid Facebook for Tumblr) and make more premium must-read and must-see content on Yahoo's existing platforms to sell ads against.
At the beginning of 2013, Mayer became more and more interested in the content side of the business, asking that "programming decisions be run by her" and meeting people like Anna Wintour, editor-in-chief of Vogue, to look at content collaboration possibilities. Mayer also became "infatuated" by the success of Netflix's move into premium TV production following the success of House of Cards and Orange Is the New Black and called on their Yahoo content team to commission similarly high-quality shows. The Times notes that "[o]ne Yahoo executive was forced to explain that only a company that sold subscriptions to consumers could expect to make money off such expensive productions."
Read more Yahoo to Acquire Video Advertising Platform BrightRoll for $640 Million
Undeterred, Mayer pursued a strategy of snapping up top-tier video content and creating digital magazines. Yahoo revived the critically acclaimed Community and is in talks to bring back Enlisted. The company also paid an estimated $10 million per year to exclusively show Saturday Night Live's 38-year archive all on its Yahoo Screen platform. The aborted talks with Gwyneth Paltrow were also part of the same strategy. Similarly, Mayer hiring ex-CBS Evening News anchor and Today show host Katie Couric as Yahoo's "global anchor" in a $5 million-a-year deal was part of an attempt to create more original video content.
Mayer's content ideas have so far failed to take off, and only the company's stake in Chinese Internet giant Alibaba, which partially went public a few months ago, has kept the more strident criticism of their strategy at bay. There is a growing chorus of shareholders who believe Yahoo should sell its Alibaba stake, shrinking the company from a market cap of $30 billion to $5 billion, and then merge with AOL. Mayer is so far resisting such calls, but time isn't on their side anymore.
If the RCMP investigation into Mike Duffy over alleged breach of trust reaches court, the senator's lawyers will call Stephen Harper as a witness and grill the Prime Minister under oath, sources said.
[np_storybar title=”Andrew Coyne: Senators are partisans, appointed for life. How could that not go wrong?” link=”http://fullcomment.nationalpost.com/2013/08/16/andrew-coyne-senators-are-partisans-appointed-for-life-how-could-that-not-go-wrong/”%5D
This is the sort of finely drawn line you find a lot of in politics: so long as you observe this rule, all other behaviour is implicitly absolved — in the furthest extension, because “no crimes were committed” nothing more need be said about it. Senators, then, might be excused for their confusion — if that were in fact the issue. But it isn't.
The distinction that is really at work here is not between different types of partisan activities, some expensable and some not. It's the one between different types of expenses: the kind for which you file claims, and the kind you draw as a salary. But this is clearly bogus. Indeed, it's no distinction at all. Senators do not occasionally engage in partisan activity, as a departure from their regular “Senate business.” Partisan activity is their business. It's what they're paid for.
Read full column…
[/np_storybar]
Mr. Duffy's lawyers have barred them from speaking to the press but they have told friends that they feel they have been thrown under the bus and that the Conservative PR machine is out to destroy him.
Sources close to the now-Independent senator at the centre of the expenses scandal said Mr. Duffy was recruited to present a “kinder, softer” face to the Conservative Party in the run-up to the 2011 election. Friends say they were told that political appearances on the Senate tab were not only tolerated, they were expected by the Prime Minister.
Mr. Duffy's case for the defence is likely to rest on public statements by Mr. Harper that show they were comfortable the senator satisfied all residency requirements (the RCMP alleges Mr. Duffy broke the law by claiming a primary residence in Prince Edward Island, when their primary residence was really in Ontario). Back in February, Mr. Harper told the House of Commons that all Conservative senators conformed with the Red Chamber's residency requirements. “That's the basis on which they were appointed to the Senate and those requirements have been clear for 150 years,” they said.
Postmedia News reported Thursday that new senators, including Mr. Duffy and Pamela Wallin, were told that they could bill for certain partisan travel.
Also Thursday, the auditor general confirmed they will perform a comprehensive audit of the expenses of all senators.
Both developments will be welcomed by Mr. Duffy and Ms. Wallin, since it seems unlikely they will be the only senators who fall foul of the auditors. There are already rumblings that Liberal and Conservative senators will join forces to try to limit the scope of the audit to the 2011 and 2012 calendar years (Mr. Duffy and Ms. Wallin's audits went back to include 2009 and 2010).
Michael Ferguson, the auditor general, met with the special Senate audit committee set up to co-ordinate the investigation earlier this week. One source suggested that Liberal members in particular are nervous that new rules brought in last year may be applied retroactively – as they were in the case with Mr. Duffy and Ms. Wallin — ruling offside expenses that were permitted in earlier years. The new Senate travel policy, finalized in 2012, says “partisan activity related to the work of the senator or Senate” would be funded by the Upper House but “purely partisan matter such as election activities” would not.
The expectation of many Senate watchers is that the Prime Minister will campaign to abolish the Upper House, based on the alleged transgressions of Mr. Duffy and Ms. Wallin, in an attempt to wedge Justin Trudeau's Liberals, who advocate retaining a reformed Senate. “If the provinces or the Supreme Court tries to stop him, they look like a hero to the base,” said one senator.
National Post
• Email: jivison@nationalpost.com | Twitter: IvisonJ
Whatever Fox News is paying Meghan McCain, that's their price for selling out their father, their principles, and their empathy to defend Trump
When I grow up, I want to be Meryl Streep.
Not that their beautiful speech will remove the acid from my stuff, but it sure is inspiring seeing Meryl do what makes conservatives so irate about we “libtarded artisitcal” types — resisting their silliness — with so much class, dignity and elegance. It made me realize we probably should have taken a hard look at running Meryl as Hillary's Veep at the very least…I also love Ms. Streep so very much right now because in addition to making a truly eloquent and beautiful defense of left-leaning artists, immigrants, the disabled, and so many people who truly are “real” Americans — they triggered Meghan McCain into such basic “Republican Flapping Maw Trump Loyalty” mode that they tweeted out this bullshit:
This Meryl Streep speech is why Trump won. And if people in Hollywood don't start recognizing why and how – you will help them get re-elected — Meghan McCain (@MeghanMcCain) January 9, 2017
I couldn't resist it, so I tweeted them my reply:
https://twitter.com/JamboSchlarmbo/status/818312708676169728
Manny hit Meghan's mom with a pretty good comeback too.
Honestly, how can Meghan claim to be anything but a right-wing hack at this point? There is literally nothing in Streep's speech that wasn't true — Donald Trump got elected by putting on a show of chest-thumping white supremacy, thinly veiled in a populist message, and they mocked a disabled reporter. Sure, we've seen the excuse that they mock people like that all the time, but all it means is that they think mocking people by implying they're disabled is funny. So it's pretty much the same fucking complaint.
Meghan's bald faced self-deluded ignorance led to their tweet attack on Streep, which showed us a willingness to sell their own father down the road.
My tweet to them was mocking the fact that last July Trump insulted Meghan's dad, Senator John McCain, because they had been captured in combat. Seriously, Trump said that they like “people who aren't captured”because at that point in the campaign Sen. McCain hadn't swallowed their own scruples — hey, maybe that's where their daughter gets it? — and endorsed Trump yet. So to Donald, McCain was worthy of insult, because that's how grown-up Trump is.
As reported by Politico:
Appearing on Saturday at the Family Leadership Summit in Ames, Iowa, the real estate mogul took their running feud with Arizona Sen. John McCain to a new level. “He's not a war hero,” said Trump. “He was a war hero because they were captured. I like people who weren't captured.” ( source
I'm truly baffled why Meghan would throw their dad under the bus to defend Trump when all Streep was saying was that Trump is an obnoxious bully…which they are. This is their appeal to many, many on the right. We libtarded beta male cucks have been told time and again since Election Day that a big reason why Trump won was because they all loved Trump because they “told it like it is.”
Well, someone should tell Meghan that Streep was telling it like it is. For someone who professes to love free speech, they sure doesn't seem to love it when their precious conservative ideology is attacked. But the really odd part is that Ms. Streep didn't even really go after Republicans or conservatives, and though they went after Trump they did it with so much class that they didn't even call them out by name.
Doesn't Meghan call themselves a Christian? Isn't one of the Ten Commandments to honor thy father and mother? If so, it's not really paying much honor to their father to defend their bully, right? I'd really love for Meghan to spell out in more than 140 characters exactly what they and other conservatives find so truly offensive about Streep calling Trump out for mocking the disabled. I'd like to know why Meghan is so horribly wounded by Meryl reminding us that we're a nation of immigrants, something that growing up in a Republican household in the 1980's and 1990's I heard all the damn time as a source of pride for the entire nation.
If I may venture a guess, I think I know why Meghan is so quick to defend Trump, and it rhymes with Cock Snooze.
Meghan was recently hired on full-time to the Fox News network. Fox has positioned itself as the Trump TV network. With the departure of Meghan Kelly and Greta Van Susteren — two journalists who worked for Fox that might be tempted to report on Trump with any kind of honesty — that position is even stronger. Something tells me there's an edict from high atop Bullshit Mountain that came down telling everyone who has a public audience they better not slag Trump off or they'll get the boot. That's literally the only explanation I have for why anyone would let their own father be trashed by such a demagogue and buffoon like Meghan did, and then jump to that idiot's defense when someone righteously criticizes them for it.
So I want to know how much it is that Fox gave Meghan. Because that is the price tag they put on their principles. I wonder if we offered Meghan their Fox News salary plus one dollar if she'd then suddenly remember what a douche knuckle Trump is and apologize to Meryl Streep. I have a feeling they wouldn't, but you never know. Morally fluid conservatives can surprise you sometimes.
Like when they defend their own father's orange-tinted bully only because of who their current employer is.
Follow James on Twitter @JamboSchlarmbo.
Then-House Speaker John Boehner on Capitol Hill in February 2015. (J. Scott Applewhite/AP)
Former House speaker John A. Boehner continued a streak of remarkable post-office candor during a Wednesday appearance at a Houston energy conference, telling a luncheon audience that President Trump's term has — foreign policy aside — been a “complete disaster.”
“Everything else he's done has been a complete disaster,” Boehner (R-Ohio) said, according to a report in Rigzone, an online energy publication. “He's still learning how to be president.”
Boehner, who resigned from Congress in October 2015, had praised Trump — a friend and golfing companion from their political years — during the presidential campaign. On Wednesday, they praised Trump's efforts at getting serious about combating the Islamic State terror group, Rigzone reported, but ended their positive comments there.
Among other remarks, Boehner said Trump should not be allowed to tweet, the publication said.
Dave Schnittger, an aide to Boehner, said Friday the remarks made at the KPMG Global Energy Conference were “reported accurately” by Rigzone.
Dan Scavino Jr., the White House social media director, responded Friday evening on Twitter:
John Boehner, is the disaster. pic.twitter.com/N25zG3ompE — Dan Scavino Jr. (@DanScavino) May 26, 2017
Boehner has made other public comments critical of their party since leaving office. During the presidential campaign in April 2016, they called then-GOP candidate Ted Cruz “Lucifer in the flesh.” And in February, they made a prescient prediction that a GOP replacement for the Affordable Care Act was “not going to happen” and that “Republicans never, ever agree on health care” — a view they maintained on Wednesday, according to the Rigzone report.
Boehner offered other blunt opinions Wednesday, Rigzone reported. They gave an increasingly pessimistic view that congressional Republicans would pass tax reform, saying “now my odds are 60/40” and that tax reform is “a bunch of happy talk.” And they echoed an emerging piece of D.C. conventional wisdom by calling the border adjustment tax plan favored by Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.), Boehner's successor as House speaker, “deader than a doornail.”
And on the various pending investigations into alleged Russian influence on the election and on Trump's campaign, Boehner said, “they need to get to the bottom of this” but called impeachment a folly pushed by “crazy left-wing Democratic colleagues of mine.”
“Talk of impeachment is the best way to rile up Trump supporters,” they said, according to Rigzone. “Remember, impeachment is not a legal process; it's a political process.”
Boehner, as they have said in the past, repeated Wednesday that they do not miss their old job: “I wake up every day, drink my morning coffee and say, ‘Hallelujah, hallelujah, hallelujah,'” they said, according to Rigzone.
Zuffa, LLC, owner of the Ultimate Fighting Championship®, released the following statement regarding Anderson Silva's injury.
"Following Saturday evening's UFC 168 main event, former champion Anderson Silva was taken to a local Las Vegas hospital where they underwent surgery to repair a broken left leg. The successful surgery, performed by Dr. Steven Sanders, the UFC's orthopedic surgeon, inserted an intramedullary rod into Anderson's left tibia. The broken fibula was stabilized and does not require a separate surgery. Anderson will remain in the hospital for a short while, but no additional surgery is scheduled at this time. Recovery time for such injuries may vary between three and six months.
"Anderson is deeply touched by the outpouring of support from their fans and the entire MMA community. There has been no immediate decision about their future, and they would kindly ask for privacy at this time as they deal with their injury and prepares to return home to recover."
Basilica Steeple
Photo provided by the University Archives
The University of Notre Dame's Cushwa Center for the Study of American Catholicism, in collaboration with the Office of the President, will host four Catholic university presidents on Sept. 5 (Tuesday) for a lecture and panel to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the drafting and signing of the Land O'Lakes Statement.
Rev. Theodore M. Hesburgh, C.S.C., — then-president of Notre Dame and the International Federation of Catholic Universities — organized and hosted this pivotal event on Notre Dame property in northern Wisconsin.
John T. McGreevy, I.A. O'Shaughnessy Dean of Notre Dame's College of Arts and Letters and professor of history, will deliver a talk from 4 to 5 p.m. in McKenna Hall Auditorium on the history and impact of the Land O'Lakes charter on Catholic higher education.
McGreevy's talk will be followed by a panel discussion at 7 p.m. with Rev. John I. Jenkins, C.S.C., president of Notre Dame; Rev. William P. Leahy, S.J., president of Boston College; Patricia McGuire, president of Trinity Washington University; Rev. Joseph M. McShane, S.J., president of Fordham University; and Julie H. Sullivan, president of the University of St. Thomas.
Land O'Lakes' central articulation of the need for academic freedom and institutional autonomy challenged Catholic universities to aspire to excellence in all their endeavors. Informed by the teachings of the Second Vatican Council, the statement also affirmed that Catholicism — “perceptibly present and effectively operative” in a campus community — distinctly enhances a modern university's capacity for such excellence.
“Most American Catholic colleges and universities were founded in the 19th century,” McGreevy said, “and then renewed in the context of the Second Vatican Council and the 1960s. The Land O'Lakes statement was part of that renewal and it makes sense to reflect upon the document and see how and if it speaks to our own era.”
As Father Jenkins wrote in a July 2017 essay published in America magazine, “From the perspective of 50 years on, with new controversies and a very different papacy, we can perhaps better understand the context, vision, limitations and legacy of the Land O' Lakes Statement for Catholic higher education and for the Church generally.”
The lecture and panel discussion are free and open to the public.
Contact: Amanda Skofstad, assistant director of media relations, 574-631-4313, skofstad@nd.edu
We've had no shortage of new iPhone rumors this week. Following a report from The Wall Street Journal that Apple will release two new iPhones with bigger screens later this year, we now have a leaked video of an alleged "iPhone 6" casing.
An anonymous person posted the video to YouTube and it's being passed around gadget blogs today.
The video shows a smartphone shell that follows similar design cues as the iPhone 5s, with a wraparound metal antenna. While there's nothing in the video to give you a perception of how large the shell is, you can tell the ratio of the screen size is a bit wider than the iPhone 5S/5C. That likely means the screen would be larger.
Keep in mind there's no way to verify whether or not this video is legitimate. For all we know, it's just a hunk of metal. Then again, the WSJ report from yesterday says the big-screen iPhone is nearing production.
You decide:
A 23-year-old man in Parkville, Maryland recently robbed a store at gunpoint. But police quickly tracked them down and arrested them along with their getaway driver. But they let their driver go. Why? The poor guy was just an Uber driver.
That's right, Dashawn Terrell Cochran is the suspect in a bizarre robbery that took place outside Baltimore on Wednesday. Police say Cochran approached the counter of a store with some Tylenol and then pulled a gun on the cashier. They got away with a bunch of cash and then apparently hailed an Uber.
Advertisement
From ABC News:
Cochran was seen getting into the back of a silver Lexus, and when officers pulled the car over, the driver said they were an Uber driver, police said. The driver and a second passenger were released since it was determined they “had nothing to do with the robbery,” police said.
Advertisement
Cochran is being charged with robbery and assault. As of press time Gizmodo could not confirm what rating Cochran gave to their alleged getaway driver.
[ABC News via CNET]
Image via Getty
By Paul Joseph Watson, prisonplanet.com
Global warming alarmists claimed Arctic ice cap would be gone by now, but sea ice is 5% above 35-year average
NASA has updated its data from satellite readings, revealing that the planet's polar ice caps have not retreated significantly since 1979, when measurements began.
Indeed, the polar ice has, for almost three years now, remained above the 35 year average.
The data shows that the ice caps remained at more or less the same level until 2005, when they slightly receded for a few years.
However, the 1979 measurements represented the tail end of a 30-year cooling period, meaning that a higher level of ice was taken as the baseline measurement. Everything since has been compared to those figures.
The figures show that by 2012, sea ice was down almost 10 percent from the figures measured in 1979. This was used by warming proponents to forecast disaster.
Those alarmists, however, ignored the fact that total polar ice had only receded by a modest amount, no where near ten percent.
Al Gore used the 10 percent figure and even warned that the Arctic ice cap could completely disappear by 2014.
In reality, by 2012 ice quickly came back and even surpassed the 1979 readings, reaching a new record maximum in the Antarctic in 2014. Since that time it has remained above that previous baseline.
According to NASA's latest data, it is now 5% above the mean average.
This is not to say that the ice will not retreat again at some point. It is generally considered that the Earth's temperatures are still rising slowly since the so called ‘little ice age' which ended in the mid 1800s. The rise is thought to be due to a combination of natural and, to a much lesser extent, human influence.
Still, alarmist headlines continue to be used in respect to polar ice, with some claiming that satellite data shows ice is melting at an unprecedented rate.
Not so, according to NASA's newest data.
NASA is on it's best behavior with regards to climate data, since it emerged recently that the agency may have altered weather station data to falsely indicate warming & sea rises.
Critics, or “deniers” as the mainstream media would call them, charge that the data that has been so relied upon to ‘prove' global warming's trend for years, has been in fact manipulated.
President Obama will today give a high profile speech on climate change as the biggest threat to national security, according to the New York Times.
Obama will tell those gathered that “Climate change, especially rising seas, is a threat to our homeland security — our economy, infrastructure, and the safety and health of the American people.”
In a report issued Wednesday, the White House said climate change would act as “an accelerant of instability around the world,” could escalate global tensions, and lead to overpopulation. The report also declared that a warming Earth will “change the nature of U.S. military missions.”
—————————————————————-
Steve Watson is a London based writer and editor for Alex Jones' Infowars.com, and Prisonplanet.com. They have a Masters Degree in International Relations from the School of Politics at The University of Nottingham, and a Bachelor Of Arts Degree in Literature and Creative Writing from Nottingham Trent University.
McLaren's improved showing at the Austrian Grand Prix was down to Honda extracting more performance from its ERS systems; according to the Japanese manufacturer's Formula 1 boss Yusuke Hasegawa.
The British team endured a torrid time at the 2015 Red Bull Ring race as both Fernando Alonso and Jenson Button were hit with multiple grid penalties for changing power unit parts and the Honda engine struggled on what is considered a power circuit.
This year, Button qualified fifth and started third thanks to their prowess in the changeable conditions that occurred in Q3 and the penalties that relegate Nico Rosberg and Sebastian Vettel.
The 2009 world champion ran second in the early stages and kept Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen at bay for a number of laps. Button ultimately finished sixth – their best result of the year.
Speaking at the pre-race press conference in Austria, Hasegawa explained that in addition to the improved turbo Honda had introduced at the Canadian Grand Prix, its ERS system is now delivering more power, which is a significant boost for the McLaren drivers on the straights.
They said: “Regarding the turbo, we introduced a new turbo in Canada. Of course we are never satisfied with the performance, there is always room to improve.
“Regarding an ERS system point of view, we have some limitations in the regulations, the maximum power is 120 Kw and also the energy is limited, so from that point of view I think we have achieved almost a decent, satisfying level from the turbine.
“Last year here the power was cut off in half of the straight, so it was a disaster last year. So from that point of view we are proud of that.”
But Hasegawa believes that Honda still needs to improve the internal combustion engine element of its V6 turbo power unit and explained that this would be tweaked for 2017.
They said: “On the other hand, the internal combustion point of view still we need to improve the engine performance and we are currently trying the very hard job to redesign, not redesign but to improve the engine for next year, so that is on-going.”
Honda is likely to introduce more upgrades to its power unit in the coming races, but Hasegawa explained that these would only be included when the manufacturer is confident they will deliver a performance step
They said: “We are hopeful that we can introduce some of the upgrades in a couple of races. I have already confirmed we see some good elements, so as soon as we are ready we will introduce it.”
Button's result in Austria was their best F1 finish since they came sixth in the 2015 US Grand Prix, and the British driver reckons it was more than the team could have hoped for before the race.
They said: "We still had some great battles out there and to come home sixth is much better than we had hoped. I think we thought eighth was probably on the cards.
"The cars that beat us are all much quicker than us. To beat Williams, Haas, Force India - it's a good day."
Honda's power unit performance in Austria moved McLaren in front of Toro Rosso, which is a clear sign of progress. The team was also boosted in the race by the cooler temperatures on Sunday and the two sets of soft tyres it had saved after Friday running, which was the preferred race compound.
Although Alonso retired with a battery failure, the demanding nature of the Red Bull Ring on power units means the team can take encouragement heading into its home race at Silverstone. This will be a real test to see if McLaren, and Honda, have made a genuine step or if it was track specific.
Button moved to downplay expectations ahead of the British Grand Prix but said they were still looking forward to racing in front of their home crowd.
They said: "Silverstone is going to be tough. It won't be like this unless it's weird conditions, which it can be. It's in the UK, so of course the weather is going to be terrible, so I look forward to that.
"It's a tough week, especially for the mechanics. I think it's put a smile on their face. So now we pack up, travel 1,500 kilometres to the UK and look forward to the British Grand Prix."
What do you make of Honda's recent power unit progress? Do you think McLaren will perform well at Silverstone? Leave your thoughts in the comment section below or head over to the JAonF1 Facebook page for more discussion.
As state officials across the country grapple with how to prevent mass killings like the ones at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, some are turning to a gun-seizure law pioneered in Connecticut 15 years ago.
Connecticut's law allows judges to order guns temporarily seized after police present evidence that people are a danger to themselves or others. A court hearing must be held within 14 days to determine whether to return the guns or authorize the state to hold them for up to a year.
The 1999 law, the first of its kind in the country, was in response to the 1998 killings of four managers at the Connecticut Lottery headquarters by a disgruntled employee with a history of psychiatric problems.
Indiana is the only other state that has such a law, passed in 2005 after an Indianapolis police officer was shot to death by a mentally ill man. California and New Jersey lawmakers are now considering similar statutes, both proposed in the wake of the killings of six people and the wounding of 13 in May near the University of California at Santa Barbara by a mentally ill man who had posted threatening videos on YouTube.
Michael Lawlor, Connecticut's undersecretary for criminal justice planning and policy, believes the state's gun-seizure law could have prevented the killings of 20 first-graders and six educators at Sandy Hook Elementary in December 2012, if police had been made aware that gunman Adam Lanza had mental-health problems and access to their mother's legally owned guns.
“That's the kind of situation where you see the red flags and the warning signs are there, you do something about it,” Lawlor said. “In many shootings around the country, after the fact it's clear that the warning signs were there.”
Gun rights advocates oppose gun-seizure laws, saying they allow police to take people's firearms based only on allegations and before the gun owners can present their side of the story to a judge. They say they are concerned the laws violate constitutional rights.
“The government taking things away from people is never a good thing,” said Rich Burgess, president of the gun rights group Connecticut Carry. “They come take your stuff and give you 14 days for a hearing. Would anybody else be okay if they just came and took your car and gave you 14 days for a hearing?”
Rachel Baird, a Connecticut lawyer who has represented many gun owners, said one of the biggest problems with the state's law is that police are abusing it. They said they have had eight clients whose guns were seized by police before the required warrants were obtained.
“It's stretched and abused, and since it's firearms, the courts go along with it,” Baird said of the law.
But backers of such laws say they can prevent shootings by getting guns out of the hands of mentally disturbed people.
“You want to make sure that when people are in crisis . . . there is a way to prevent them” from getting access to firearms, said Josh Horwitz, executive director of the Educational Fund to Stop Gun Violence, a Washington-based nonprofit group.
Connecticut authorities report a large increase in the use of gun-seizure warrants involving people deemed dangerous by police over the past several years. Officials are not exactly sure what prompted the increase but believe it is related to numerous highly publicized mass shootings in recent years.
Police statewide filed an estimated 183 executed gun-seizure warrants with court clerks last year, more than twice the number filed in 2010, according to Connecticut Judicial Branch data. Last year's total also was nearly nine times the annual average in the first five years of the gun-seizure law.
Connecticut police have seized more than 2,000 guns using the warrants, according to the most recent estimate by state officials, in 2009.
Police in South Windsor, about 12 miles northeast of Hartford, say the law was invaluable last year when they seized several guns from the home of a man accused of spray-painting graffiti referencing mass shootings in Newtown and Colorado on the outside of the town's high school.
“With all that we see in the news day after day, particular after Newtown, I think departments are more aware of what authority they have . . . and they're using the tool more frequently than in the past,” said South Windsor Police Chief Matthew Reed. “We always look at it from the other side. What if we don't seize the guns?”
Senator and boxing champion Manny "Pacman" Pacquiao. Romeo Ranoco, Reuters/File
MANILA - Senator Manny Pacquiao is seeking a settlement deal with government on a P2.2-billion tax case, the head of the Bureau of Internal Revenue (BIR) said Monday.
The deficiencies represent unpaid income and value added taxes from 2008 to 2009 and the case is pending before the Court of Tax Appeals.
Pacquiao insisted that local authorities could not tax them since they already paid duties in the US.
"We're still negotiating, but if you ask me, I hope they'll come and see me again. I hope they do it fast. It was only last month when we sat down," BIR Commissioner Caesar Dulay said. They did not elaborate on the proposed settlement.
Dulay said Pacquiao's lawyers approached the BIR last March.
"We're waiting for their camp to return and negotiate again. If Senator Pacquiao is listening, hopefully they can instruct their lawyers and manager to sit down with us," they added.
The world boxing champion was elected to the Senate last year after two terms as Sarangani member of congress.
For the first time, researchers have succeeded in establishing the relationships between 200-million-year-old plants based on chemical fingerprints. Using infrared spectroscopy and statistical analysis of organic molecules in fossil leaves, they are opening up new perspectives on the dinosaur era.
The unique results stem from a collaboration between researchers at Lund University, the Swedish Museum of Natural History in Stockholm, and Vilnius University.
"We have solved many questions regarding these extinct plants' relationships. These are questions that science has long been seeking answers to", says Vivi Vajda, a professor at the Department of Geology at Lund University and active at the Swedish Museum of Natural History.
The researchers have collected fossil leaves from rocks in Sweden, Australia, New Zealand and Greenland. Using molecular spectroscopy and chemical analysis, the fossil leaves were then compared with the chemical signatures from molecules in plant leaves picked at the Botanical Garden in Lund.
The use of genetic DNA analysis in modern research to determine relationships is not possible on fossil plants. The oldest DNA fragments ever found are scarcely one million-years-old. Therefore, the scientists searched for organic molecules to see what these could reveal about the plants' evolution and relationships.
The molecules were found in the waxy membrane, which covers the leaves and these showed to differ between various species. The membrane has been preserved in the fossil leaves, some of which are 200 million-years-old.
Using infrared spectroscopy, the researchers carried out analyses in several stages. Firstly, they examined leaves from living plants that have relatives preserved in the fossil archive. The analysis showed that the biomolecular signatures were similar among plant groups, much in the same way as shown by modern genetic DNA analysis.
When the method was shown to work on modern plants, the researchers went on to analyse their extinct fossil relatives. Among others, they examined fossil leaves from conifers and several species of Ginkgo. The only living species of Ginkgo alive today is Ginkgo biloba, but this genus was far more diverse during the Jurassic.
"The results from the fossil leaves far exceeded our expectations, not only were they full of organic molecules, they also grouped according to well-established botanical relationships, based on DNA analysis of living plants i.e. Ginkgoes in one group, conifers in another," says Vivi Vajda.
Finally, when the researchers had shown that the method gave consistent results, they analysed fossils of enigmatic extinct plants that have no living relatives to compare them with Among others, they examined Bennettites and Nilssonia, plants that were common in the area that is now Sweden during the Triassic and Jurassic around 250-150 million years ago. The analysis showed that Bennettites and Nilssonia are closely related. On the other hand, they are not closely related to cycads, which many researchers had thought until now.
Per Uvdal, Professor of Chemical Physics at Lund University and one of the researchers who conducted the study, considers that the overall results are astounding.
"The great thing about the biomolecules in the leaves' waxy membranes is that they are so much more stable than DNA. As they reflect, in an indirect way, a plants DNA they can preserve information about the DNA. Therefore, the biomolecules can tell us how one plant is related in evolutionary terms to other plants", they say.
The researchers are now going to extend their studies to more plant groups.
###
Two fully automatic submachine guns believed to be manufactured at a machinist shop west of Edmonton were among the prohibited firearms seized following an eight-month investigation by the province's integrated law enforcement unit.
The two MAC-11 handguns, capable of firing an entire magazine of 30 rounds in seconds with a single pull of the trigger, were also outfitted with suppressors and oversized magazines, police said Wednesday.
Members of ALERT Edmonton's Guns and Gangs unit arrested two suspects on Aug. 17 after Edmonton Police Service and RCMP officers helped search two Edmonton homes and a rural property in Parkland County.
In total, four prohibited firearms were seized, including a Beretta handgun equipped with a suppressor and a modified Suomi submachine gun with two oversized magazines.
Acting Insp. Pierre Blais, head of the guns and gangs unit, said investigators believe six MAC-11s were manufactured by the suspects. Police are trying to track down four of the firearms that were likely sold on the black market.
While the weapons are inaccurate, criminals value them for their intimidation factor.
The suspect worked at the machinist's shop, where the MAC-11s were manufactured without the owner's knowledge, said Blais.
“The idea of MAC-11s like these being manufactured in our own backyard and sold without any checks or balances callously puts the public at risk,” they said.
They added that manufacturing a fully automatic firearm from scratch takes a skilled machinist.
“You can tell the work is very good. I would suggest it takes quite a while to make one firearm,” they said.
Jacob Balan, 37, and Amy Brogden, 29, are jointly charged with 62 criminal offences, including making an automatic firearm, four counts of firearms trafficking, four counts of possession of a firearm for the purpose of trafficking, six counts of trafficking a prohibited device, six counts of possession of a prohibited device for the purpose of trafficking, four counts of knowingly possessing a prohibited firearm and six counts of knowingly possessing a prohibited device.
Both (accused) were released from custody and are scheduled to appear in court on Sept. 18.
Is there a secret plan to cut tax credits, child benefit and disability pay for middle- to low-earners? Absolutely not, says David Cameron, hot denials flying through the air today. And indeed there isn't, there really, really isn't. George Osborne has deliberately refused to write one, so it doesn't exist. So £12bn will be cut from the welfare bill, but there is no plan in any drawer.
Danny Alexander has helpfully “lifted the lid” on Iain Duncan Smith's plan, which was presented to senior ministers back in 2012, showing what £8bn cuts would look like. Even cutting a third less than the £12bn in cuts now planned, a working family with three children would have lost £3,500. To cut £12bn from working-age benefits is to inflict huge amounts of pain on very large numbers of people, says Jonathan Portes of the National Institute of Economic and Social Research, once chief economist at the Department for Work and Pensions (DWP).
The Tories reckon people don't much care – but they'd care if they knew these 'welfare' cuts would hit them
For two years Osborne has repeated their promise of £12bn “welfare” cuts with hand-rubbing relish. The Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS), saying, “It is time we knew more about what they might actually involve,” has laid out options – all of them excruciating and “massively regressive”. But focus groups tell Cameron, Osborne and their campaign director, Lynton Crosby, that cutting welfare is hugely popular, even with Labour voters. Welfare is what other people get. Welfare is what keeps Benefit Street people lounging around all day with cans of lager. Duncan Smith sends favoured newspapers (never the Guardian) eye-popping cases of fraudsters caught working as roofers or running marathons when claiming incapacity benefit. Redirecting the indignation of voters who are enduring large falls in income towards undeserving benefit cheats also handily diverts outrage from tax cuts and inheritance bonuses for the best-off.
There is no secret plan, because these £12bn cuts will fall almost entirely on millions of voters who are hard at work and hard-pressed or sick, an army of the low-paid who don't see themselves as being on “welfare”. Labour has just a week to make sure people know what they stand to lose. Yesterday their calculations, in keeping with IFS estimates, spelled it out – 4.3 million families losing £1,000, and any family earning around the median £27,000 or more losing child benefit. Housing benefit cuts are inevitable, forcing more of the low-paid out of their homes. Cameron pretended to rule out cuts for the disabled, but that's impossible: two-thirds of bedroom tax victims are disabled.
The last-minute cascade of numbers may be hazing voters, but the imminent loss for millions of households of a huge sum in Osborne's first budget would concentrate minds powerfully. And that's why there is no Osborne plan.
The New Policy Institute estimates a sharp rise in child poverty, in official figures which are most conveniently unavailable until June. Expect the million children Labour took out of poverty to be sunk back again by another Tory term. Forget Osborne's long-lost pledge not to balance the books on the back of the poor. The Tories reckon people don't much care – but hell yes, they'd care if they knew these “welfare” cuts would hit them, far outweighing any gain in tax cuts. Alexander doesn't have clean hands: the much-vaunted Lib Dem raising of the income tax threshold is wonderfully duplicitous. It sounds as if it helps the lowest-paid, but three-quarters of the gain goes to households in the top half – those more likely to vote Tory and Lib Dem.
Poverty – and child poverty in particular – is rising Read more
To avoid saying where cuts will fall, Cameron and Osborne repeat breezily that as they cut £21bn already, another £12bn will be easy. But it's not true. Astonishingly, they have only succeeded in cutting £2bn so far: millions suffered deep cuts, yet the total bill barely fell. Why? Because housing benefit soared due to rising rents, and tax credits rose due to ever more people earning too little to keep their families above the starvation line. Cameron made a preposterous claim to Evan Davis that large numbers had been taken off incapacity benefit by “getting people back to work”, but the number on disability benefits is 400,000 above what was expected, due to the total collapse of the assessment system. The work programme is one of the DWP's pile-up of disasters: Portes's research shows that only one in 10 disabled people have been found jobs.
Can Cameron and Osborne slither through this last week denying any and every cut implied in that £12bn? Every expert, anyone with a passing knowledge of the benefits system, knows there is no way to take this colossal sum just from a handful of idlers and malingerers. Why? Because, shamefully, the social security system is no longer a safety net for the unlucky – it's the backbone propping up an entire economy reliant on low pay and high rents. Cut £12bn and half the population will feel it: parents, grandparents, healthcare assistants, supermarket checkout staff, teachers, nurses – everyone who knows anyone in the bottom half. That's why there is no plan, there really, really isn't.
Tipped off by two unnamed individuals, MyFox Boston claims to have unearthed a police report placing Congressman Barney Frank (D-MA) at the home of their longtime partner when police arrested the man and charged them with marijuana cultivation, possession and paraphernalia.
In a telephone interview, Frank acknowledged they were present for the bust but denied knowledge that James Ready was growing cannabis. They reportedly told police during the August, 2007 incident that they only smokes cigars and would not be able to identify marijuana if they came across it.
Charges against Ready were dropped after they admitted to possession and paid a fine, MyFox added.
Congressman Frank, while professing to be unable to identify cannabis if they came across it, is no stranger to progressive positions on its prohibition. In April 2008, they proposed federal legislation that would have removed penalties for adult possession of the plant. Appearing on Real Time with Bill Maher, they jokingly referred to it as the “Make Room for Serious Criminals Bill.”
“I think it is poor law enforcement to keep on the books legislation that establishes as a crime something which in fact society does not seriously wish to prosecute,” they said in a media advisory. “In my view, having federal law enforcement agents engaged in the prosecution of people who are personally using marijuana is a waste of scarce resources better used for serious crimes.”
Frank was also a co-sponsor of Rep. Ron Paul's (R-TX) bill that sought to legalize the farming of industrial hemp. Hemp is a drug-free relative of cannabis and can be used to make thousands of commercial goods, from food to paper, clothing, hygiene products and more. It is currently illegal to grow hemp in the United States.
Speaking to MyFox Boston reporter Alison Bologna, Frank called the arrest of their partner “one of those unfortunate incidents that happened in the past.” Pressed by the reporter on whether they had seen Ready's cannabis, they said, “I didn't see it, the police didn't charge me with seeing it. It was out of sight of where I was; it was around the other side of the house.”
Court records did not mention Frank's presence at time of the arrest, the report noted. However, sources who tipped off the news organization claimed the original police report listed the member of congress as a witness.
This video is from MyFox Boston, broadcast Nov. 6, 2009.
You've probably heard of the Silk Road, the ancient trade route that once ran between China and the West during the days of the Roman Empire. It's how oriental silk first made it to Europe. It's also the reason China is no stranger to carrots.
And now it's being resurrected. Announced in 2013 by President Xi Jinping, a brand-new double trade corridor is set to reopen channels between China and its neighbours in the west: most notably Central Asia, the Middle East and Europe.
According to the Belt and Road Action Plan released in 2015, the initiative will encompass land routes (the “Belt”) and maritime routes (the “Road”) with the goal of improving trade relationships in the region primarily through infrastructure investments.
Image: Lowy Institute
The aim of the $900 billion scheme, as China explained recently, is to kindle a “new era of globalization”, a golden age of commerce that will benefit all. Beijing says it will ultimately lend as much as $8 trillion for infrastructure in 68 countries. That adds up to as much as 65% of the global population and a third of global GDP, according to the global consultancy McKinsey.
But reviews from the rest of the world have been mixed, with several countries expressing suspicion about China's true geopolitical intentions, even while others attended a summit in Beijing earlier this month to praise the scale and scope of the project.
The project has proved vast, expensive and controversial. Four years after it was first unveiled, the question remains:
Why is China doing it?
One strong incentive is that Trans-Eurasian trade infrastructure could bolster poorer countries to the south of China, as well as boost global trade. Domestic regions are also expected to benefit – especially the less-developed border regions in the west of the country, such as Xinjiang.
The economic benefits, both domestically and abroad, are many, but perhaps the most obvious is that trading with new markets could go a long way towards keeping China's national economy buoyant.
Among domestic markets set to gain from future trade are Chinese companies – such as those in transport and telecoms – which now look poised to grow into global brands.
Chinese manufacturing also stands to gain. The country's vast industrial overcapacity – mainly in the creation of steel and heavy equipment – could find lucrative outlets along the New Silk Road, and this could allow Chinese manufacturing to swing towards higher-end industrial goods.
A new global superpower
Some Western diplomats have been wary in their response to the proposed trade corridor, seeing it as a land grab designed to promote China's influence globally, but there's little evidence to suggest the route will benefit China alone.
The scheme is essentially a “domestic policy with geostrategic consequences, rather than a foreign policy,” Charles Parton, a former EU diplomat in China, told the Financial Times.
There's no doubt that China is growing into a geopolitical heavyweight, stepping into the breach left by the United States on matters of free trade and climate change.
"As some Western countries move backwards by erecting 'walls', China is contriving to build bridges, both literal and metaphorical," ran a recent commentary by Xinhua, a Chinese state-run media agency.
Bridges are key to China's strategy, says Kevin Liu, Chairman of Asia, Partners Group.
They explain: "The superpower status the US has achieved is to a great extent grounded on the security blanket it offered to its allies. Geopolitically, China decided a long time ago that security was too expensive an offer to make. Instead, this new superpower may offer connectivity."
If combined with enhanced global connectivity, China's enormous gravity could become an even more meaningful engine for the global economy," Liu adds.
Which countries stand to gain?
Sixty-two countries could see investments of up to US$500 billion over the next five years, according to Credit Suisse, with most of that channelled to India, Russia, Indonesia, Iran, Egypt, the Philippines and Pakistan.
Chinese companies are already behind several energy projects, including oil and gas pipelines between China and Russia, Kazakhstan and Myanmar. Roads and infrastructure projects are also underway in Ethiopia, Kenya, Laos and Thailand.
Pakistan is one of the New Silk Road's foremost supporters. Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif said the trade route marked the “dawn of a truly new era of synergetic intercontinental cooperation”. Unsurprising praise perhaps from a country that stands at one end of the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor, where it is poised to benefit from $46 billion in new roads, bridges, wind farms and other China-backed infrastructure projects.
Support has come from further afield as well, with Chile's president, Michelle Bachelet, predicting the route would “pave the way for a more inclusive, equal, just, prosperous and peaceful society with development for all”.
Who's against it?
Perhaps the route's most vocal critic so far has been India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Vehemently opposed to the $46 billion China-Pakistan Economic Corridor, which runs through a part of Kashmir claimed by India, they have called the route a “colonial enterprise” that threatens to strew “debt and broken communities in its wake”. They even boycotted the recent One Belt One Road summit in Beijing.
Modi wasn't the only leader notably absent from the gathering. No officials from Japan, South Korea or North Korea made an appearance, and of the Group of Seven (G7) industrialized nations, the only representative to attend was Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni.
“While countries welcome Beijing's generosity, they are simultaneously wary of its largesse. China's growing influence is a concern for nations whose political interests do not always align with Beijing's," explains Paul Haenle, director of the Carnegie-Tsinghua Centre for Global Policy.
While China's growing influence is a concern for nations whose political interests aren't aligned with Beijing's, Chinese spokespeople have repeatedly denied charges of a play for global dominance.
The New Silk Road is “not and will never be neocolonialism by stealth”, China announced recently in state media.
Who'll foot the bill?
The One Belt One Road project already has $1 trillion of projects underway, including major infrastructure works in Africa and Central Asia.
Ahead of the Beijing summit earlier this month, the China Development Bank had set aside almost $900 billion alone for more than 900 projects. China's Big Four state-owned banks extended an estimated $90 billion in loans to the economies related to the initiative last year alone.
The Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank, which was launched in January 2016, has authorized capital of $100 billion. $20 billion will be paid-in capital from 80 shareholders, of which China is the largest with a 28% share.
Despite this largesse, though, the AIIB has provided less than $2 billion in funding over the past year. The bank's president, Jin Liquin, told the World Economic Forum summit in China last year: "We will support the One Belt, One Road project. But before we spend shareholders' money, which is really the taxpayers' money, we have three requirements."
MATT KREMKAU - EMPIRE OF SOCCER
by DAVE MARTINEZ
Wondering about the meaning of the “Two Teams, One Voice” t-shirts bearing Konrad Plewa's name last night?
In a show of solidarity, the New York Red Bulls came out in specialized training shirts in honor of their Red Bulls II brethren who suffered a stroke just a week prior.
“He had a stroke after coming back from Richmond,” head coach Jesse Marsch said after the match. “They took a bus, they got back at like five in the morning and at 11 o'clock in the morning on Sunday morning, they started losing feeling in their arm and part of their face. And so they had to be rushed to the hospital and they found that they had a stroke.
“They went in and cleared the blockage and it seems like he's recovering in a really good way.”
Plewa, 24, is currently the fourth most played player on the RBII side, earning 18 appearances, 16 starts and 1,372 minutes on defense.  They are also a big part of the team's success. RBII are currently one point from first place with a 13-3-5 record.
There is no word on their recovery time at the moment of this report.
“It was awesome man,” Marsch said of the display. “It was awesome that the guys were wearing that shirt.”
There may be a serious conflict between Qatar and the UAE (United Arab Emirates), but hackers see no difference, for them, it is all about making easy money. Today, one of HackRead.com's researchers found out that around three Dark Web vendors are selling data belonging to customers from the UAE InvestBank and Qatar National Bank.
It must be noted that both banks were hacked in 2016 and it is only now that their data is being sold on the Dark Web. To be precise, the UAE InvestBank was in May 2016 while Qatar National Bank (QNB) suffered a data breach in April 2016.
[irp posts=”53610″ name=”Zomato Hacked; 17 Million Accounts Sold on Dark Web”]
UAE InvestBank
In the Sharjah-based InvestBank's case, a hacker leaked a 10GB file containing personal and financial details of customers and clients including thousands of records showing full names of account holders, addresses, passport numbers, phone numbers, account numbers, credit card numbers along with their CVV codes and other highly confidential data.
The data was stolen by a hacker calling themselves “Hacker Buba.” They also demanded $3 million in ransom. However, the bank refused to pay the ransom after which the data was leaked on the Internet using Google Drive.
Currently, the UAE InvestBank's data is being sold on a popular Dark Web marketplace for only USD 22.80 (BTC 0.0071).
The data according to the sample data provided by the vendor includes bank accounts, bank beneficiaries, bank cards, bank customers, customer ids, branch codes, bank cards and full names of account holders.
[irp posts=”51911″ name=”Millions of Accounts from 11 Hacked Bitcoin Forums Being Sold on Dark Web”]
Qatar National Bank
The Qatar National Bank also suffered a massive data breach in which 1.4GB of data from the database containing personal data of its customers was leaked. The dump included hundreds of thousands of financial records including credit card numbers and their PIN codes and customer transaction logs. Moreover, the hackers also claimed to leak banking details of the Al-Thani Qatar Royal Family and Al Jazeera journalists.
One of the leaked folders among the leaked data was labeled as “SPY” catching the eyes of anyone who had access to the leaked data. Upon scanning, it was found that there were financial details of what appears to be UK's intelligence service MI6, Qatari Ministry of Defence and Qatar State Security Bureau “Mukhabarat.
Qatar National Bank acknowledged the breach after hackers released an inside video showing how they hacked bank's servers. However, now the data is being sold on the Dark Web for USD 22.80 (BTC 0.0071).
The sample data shows that the leaked records contain bank accounts, bank beneficiaries, bank cards and personal details of its customers.
This incident is similar to the LinkedIn (hacked in 2012), DropBox (hacked in 2012), and MySpace (hacked in 2013) who did a lot of damage to the users since they were using the same old passwords. However, in the case of these two banks, it is unclear whether the banks issued new credit cards to thousands of customers who were affected by these breaches.
Therefore, customers are urged to keep an eye on their banking card transactions and contact their respective banks in case of any suspicious activity.
[irp posts=”47978″ name=”Vendor claims to sell millions of Experian and Whois accounts on Dark Web”]
DDoS attacks are increasing, calculate the cost and probability of a DDoS attack on your business with this DDoS Downtime Cost Calculator.
The PlayStation 4's much anticipated Masamune update is out. Coming in at under 250Mb, adds an impressive array of features, like direct YouTube Video uploads, SharePlay (which is 100% useless in SA) and the ability to actually pause downloads. For some though, it's also seemingly bricked their machines.
A number of users have reported that the new update has left their angular black boxes of doom little more than a glossy paperweight, capable of outputting no more than a black screen. The problem, it seems, comes from the newly renamed Standby mode, which is now known as Rest Mode. Users report that after entering Rest Mode, their consoles no longer switch on – leading then to believe their consoles have been irreparably bricked. Don't worry, it's quite likely that your console isn't dead – and there's a simple fix. The important thing here is to not unplug your console, as you could cause damage to the system's hard drive, causing you even more issues. Instead, enter safe mode, and you should be able to continue operation as normal.
Hold your finger on the system's power button for up to 60 seconds, and your system should reboot in to a safe mode.
Plug your controller in via USB and select the option to Update System Software via Internet. It'll now download a fresh copy of System Update 2.0, and update.
Once it's done, boot to safe mode again, and select “Rebuild Database”
Your PS4 should be working properly, but it's probably best to avoid “Rest mode” until whatever issues it has have been fixed.
There does, however, seem to be a temporary fix for the rest mode woes: all you have to do is set the USB ports to be perpetually powered:
[Settings]>[Power Save Settings]>[Set Functions Available in Rest Mode]>[Supply Power to USB Ports]>[Always]
If you;'re having rest mode issues, try the above. I've had no issues with PS4 system version 2.0, and have found the thing to be slightly snappier. Rest Mode also works as intended for me – but if you are having issues, at least you can fix them.
Last Updated:
Irvine, Calif., Oct. 13, 2014 – Your smartphone could become part of the world's largest telescope. A team led by UC Irvine physicist Daniel Whiteson and UC Davis physicist Michael Mulhearn has designed an app to turn the global network of smartphones into a planet-sized cosmic ray detector, according to a paper posted today to the physics website arXiv.
A long-standing puzzle in astrophysics is the source of ultra-high-energy particles from space that hit Earth. Called cosmic rays, they're up to a billion times more energetic than particles at CERN's Large Hadron Collider. They strike the atmosphere and cause an enormous shower of other particles, mostly muons, electrons and photons, over a wide area. Though they were discovered decades ago, cosmic rays at these high energies are very rare, making it difficult to pinpoint where in the universe they originated.
“Whole square kilometers can be drenched in these particles for a few milliseconds,” said Whiteson, associate professor of physics & astronomy at UCI. “The mystery is nobody knows where these crazy, high-energy particles are coming from or what's making them so energetic. But they can be captured by technology in smartphones' cameras.”
The app, dubbed CRAYFIS (Cosmic Rays Found in Smartphones), collects data when the phone is connected to a power source and has not been used for several minutes, in order to not interfere with normal phone usage or drain battery levels. Anyone with an Android or iOS smartphone or tablet will be able to participate in the detector network. If an individual's phone gathers data used in a scientific paper, they or they will be offered authorship. The app can also run in anonymous mode.
The silicon-based sensors in smartphone cameras use the same principles as detectors at CERN and elsewhere to identify the particles. But because the particles arrive so infrequently, a very large detector – such as a global network of smartphones – is needed.
As a side benefit, the same data can be used to calculate local levels of radiation from radon or other sources and function as an alarm system. The network of phones could provide a real-time radiation weather map, following the movement of plumes, for instance.
While it has recently been shown elsewhere that individual smartphones can spot particles, this is the first attempt to demonstrate that if enough devices are connected, a networked, worldwide detector can rival or exceed the scientific capabilities of huge, dedicated cosmic ray experiment sites such as the Auger Experiment in South America.
The team has been working on the project for nearly a year. The app is ready, and the researchers are now locating servers able to handle myriad users. Anyone interested can sign up to become part of the network as it expands. Co-authors of the new paper are Chase Shimmin and Kyle Brodie of UCI and Dustin Burns of UC Davis.
About the University of California, Irvine: Founded in 1965, UCI is the youngest member of the prestigious Association of American Universities. The campus has produced three Nobel laureates and is known for its academic achievement, premier research, innovation and anteater mascot. Led by Chancellor Howard Gillman, UCI has more than 28,000 students and offers 192 degree programs. Located in one of the world's safest and most economically vibrant communities, it's Orange County's second-largest employer, contributing $4.8 billion annually to the local economy.
Media access: UC Irvine maintains an online directory of faculty available as experts to the media at communications.uci.edu/for-journalists/experts/. Radio programs/stations may, for a fee, use an on-campus ISDN line to interview UC Irvine faculty and experts, subject to availability and university approval. For more UC Irvine news, visit news.uci.edu. Additional resources for journalists may be found at communications.uci.edu/for-journalists.
The Low Pay Commission recommendation of a 10 cent increase in the national minimum wage to €9.25 an hour has been described as paltry, ill-judged, wholly inadequate and a missed opportunity - by one of its own members.
In a minority dissenting report, the Director of the Migrant Rights Centre of Ireland Edel McGinley said they would have advocated an increase to €10 per hour - in light of Ireland's positive growth and economic performance.
They said the failure to increase the minimum wage in this context was a lost opportunity which could have been utilised to make s significant change for low waged workers.
They said it was important that wages are front-loaded in the current economic acceleration phase, so that they can keep pace with a growing economy, inflation, consumer spending and to take account of increasing profits - particularly in sectors where low wageworkers are employed.
Ms McGinley said using Brexit as a rationale to limit minimum wage increases without any evidence or empirically testable projections was highly unsatisfactory and not fact-based.
They also alleged that the Commission had not taken into account "firm affordability" or profitability in sectors employing low wageworkers. They noted that there had been no "inability to pay" applications from employers.
They said an inadequate increase in pay at the lower end does not tackle the incidence of low pay in Ireland, and does a disservice to the testimonies and concerns of minimum wageworkers.
An estimated 70,000 employees receive the national minimum wage.
The Cabinet today considered the proposals.
The minimum wage rise of 1.09% is ahead of inflation, which is currently running at 0.4%.
Someone working 39 hours on the current minimum wage of €9.15 an hour would earn €356.84 a week.
That will rise by €3.91 a week or €360.75 if the new rate of €9.25 is approved by the Government in the budget.
The current Programme for Government made a commitment to increase the minimum wage to €10.50 by 2020.
However, if the proposed rate of increase were applied in the coming years, it would take almost 13 years to meet the Government target.
Asked about a 10-cent increase, Government sources noted the Low Pay Commission report constitutes recommendations, but that the ultimate outcome would be a matter for the Budget.
They also acknowledged the British exit from Europe will influence thinking on all budgetary matters.
The Minister for Jobs Enterprise and Innovation Mary Mitchell O'Connor said the LPC proposals on the minimum wage will be considered in detail in the context of Budget 2017.
They noted that the commission is "balanced and non-political" and is tasked with carrying out an evidence-based assessment, taking into account issues such as impacts on job creation and competitiveness.
The commission examined a range of social, economic and labour market issues, including changes in earnings since the minimum wage was last increased, the general unemployment and employment rates, the expected impact of a change to the minimum wage on employment, the cost of living and national competitiveness, changes in income distribution and currency exchange rates.
The scale of the increase will bitterly disappoint unions and groups dealing with low paid workers, who say no one should earn less than a living wage of €11.50 per hour.
If the same rise were applied each year, it would take over 20 years to attain the union living wage aspiration.
Condemnation of commission's recommendation
The Small Firms Association has condemned the Low Pay Commission's recommendation of an increase in the minimum wage.
SFA Acting Director Linda Barry said: “There is no justification for any increase in the National Minimum Wage at this time.
"Small firms, many of which have yet to feel the economic recovery, have been further destabilised by Brexit. On behalf of the small business community, the SFA calls on the Government to reject the increase proposed by the Low Pay Commission,” they added.
Chief Executive of Chambers Ireland Ian Talbot said: "Locking in another increase to the National Minimum Wage at a time of such uncertainty around the future performance of our economy will put more pressure on our business community and further erode our competitiveness."
Meanwhile employers' group Ibec said the proposed increase would heap additional pressure on "vulnerable sectors already reeling from the sharp drop in the value of sterling".
The commission's report will contain at least one hard-hitting minority report from trade union representatives voicing disappointment at the small scale of the increase.
During the recession, Fianna Fáil cut the minimum wage from €8.65 an hour to €7.65 per hour - but it was restored to €8.65 by the last Fine Gael/Labour government.
Many low paid workers receive a social protection top-up through the Family Income Supplement - though the former minister for social protection Joan Burton described this payment as a subsidy to employers.
Around 4.4% of the workforce earns the minimum wage.
Under the last Low Pay Commission proposals, the minimum wage rose by 50 cent from €8.65 to €9.15.
The Boston Celtics do not believe Isaiah Thomas will be cleared following a physical examination administered by the Cleveland Cavaliers, and the sides have planned a call Saturday to renegotiate terms of their previously agreed upon trade, league sources told Amico Hoops.
The deal, which will send All-Star point guard Kyrie Irving to Boston, had not been finalized as of early Saturday. According to ESPN, the Cavs have until Thursday, Aug. 31 to accept a new deal or void the trade altogether.
Thomas suffered a severe hip injury in the Celtics' loss to the Cavs in the Eastern Conference finals, but bypassed surgery when the injury occurred in May. The hip may still require surgery and Thomas could miss significant time, multiple league sources told Amico Hoops.
The Cavs were also to receive forward Jae Crowder, center Ante Zizic and the Brooklyn Nets' 2018 first-round draft pick in the deal. While the sides are planning to revisit talks, Cavs general manager Koby Altman wants to hang on to Crowder and the pick, sources said.
It is unclear what else the Cavs may be seeking, other than an additional “significant piece,” and may not even make a firm determination until speaking with the Celtics.
As of late Saturday morning, the Cavs still believed an agreeable deal could be reached, sources said.
ESPN first reported that Thomas flew to Cleveland on Friday for a physical — the results of which may have been worse than the Cavs expected. Thomas reportedly has returned to Boston.
“It's a very sensitive situation,” ESPN quoted a source as saying.
Irving, 25, requested a trade in July, less than a month after the Cavs' third consecutive trip to the Finals. They averaged 25.2 points and 5.8 assists in 72 games last season.
Thomas, 28, averaged 28.9 points in 76 games.
The Code
I could have used pipermerriam's python web3 wrapper to create the transactions and function calls and it would have been fairly straightforward. I needed something more reliable; a failed transaction means losing money. Every single one my GET requests needed a reply, even if the TCP packet got lost or the webserver on the other end was temporarily down. Therefore I decided to implement my own python etherscan API wrapper and used pythereum to create the transactions and etherscan to publish them. I also wrote my own requests.get decorator that is a while loop that only exits once the reply is satisfactory.
Here is the code I used to encode the etherdelta json API responses as hexadecimal, rlp encoded, ethereum transactions (not for the faint hearted):
The raw hexadecimal values in the closure at the bottom are the function signatures that correspond to each function. A function signature is derived from the keccak of the function and its arguments. It must be appended to the data parameter of a transaction followed by the data that makes up the arguments. In total my code is around 400 lines long and contained in 5 different files.
OMG! I was so excited to see a parcel had arrived to me that I ripped it open before I could take a picture. Out popped lots of little wrapped cylinders. <3
Boy did my Santa deliver! I said I liked brights and they ran with it - I love them! I put the orange on first (after much deliberation) as it went perfectly with my outfit, but the green is going on my toes next. I love the graffiti print top coat, I've seen it before but never tried it and it's so cute - works especially well with the bright colours. I also can't wait to try the Revlon nail art neons, I've wanted some for ages so I'm excited to finally try them out! Apparently the white will make the neon look even more neon, perfect :D
Thank you so much Santa, these are going to take me through summer in bright, bright form!
Airport owner supports BA chief's argument that the US does not enforce many of the checks it demands of UK airports
The UK's largest airport owner has backed calls for an overhaul of Britain's aviation security regime after the chairperson of British Airways attacked "redundant" anti-terror measures.
BAA, owner of Heathrow airport, said the screening of travellers' shoes was one example of a safety regime that had become uncomfortable for passengers. Colin Matthews, BAA's chief executive, said: "I do think that if we could start from a clean sheet of paper and design a coherent overall process then we would be in a better place. What we have today is the result of incremental additions being laid on top of each other."
They added that discussions were continuing with the Department for Transport, which must in turn co-ordinate changes with the European Union. "I am reasonably optimistic that we can make the passenger experience more comfortable while keeping safety as the principal concern."
Matthews spoke after BA chairperson Martin Broughton criticised the United States for ratcheting up security regulations with "redundant" checks such as screening shoes and laptops individually. Speaking at a conference hosted by the Airport Operators Association, they said there was no need to "kowtow to the Americans every time they wanted something done". They added: "America does not do internally a lot of the things they demand that we do. We shouldn't stand for that. We should say, 'We'll only do things which we consider to be essential and that you Americans also consider essential.'"
Referring to the screening of shoes and computers, they said: "We all know there are quite a number of elements in the security programme which are completely redundant, and they should be sorted out."
BAA's Matthews, speaking as the airport group reported a narrowed nine-month pre-tax loss of £192.6m, said shoe screening was a particular problem for some passengers. The procedure was introduced after Richard Reid, the so-called "shoe bomber", attempted to ignite explosives in their trainers while on a Miami-bound American Airlines flight from Paris in December 2001. Matthews said: "I certainly agree that taking shoes off in a security lane is, for some people, extremely uncomfortable and difficult. If we could find a way of avoiding it, it would make life more comfortable for passengers who find it difficult to bend down and take their shoes off and then put them back on again."
Norman Shanks, a former head of security at BAA and now an industry consultant, said Broughton's comments were long overdue. "It is high time somebody said that. It required someone of Martin Broughton's stature. We are doing a lot of things because we have added more and more procedures on top of each other. It is time we questioned all the measures in place and looked at what we really should be doing."
EasyJet, one of Europe's largest short-haul carriers, said: "As the threat that faces us becomes increasingly sophisticated, we need to adopt smarter ways of dealing with that threat. We want to work with the authorities and the rest of the industry to move away from crude, blanket security checks, which inconvenience all passengers, to more intelligent processes."
The transport secretary, Philip Hammond, backed a review of airport security measures this week but acknowledged that it would have to be co-ordinated with European Union counterparts. "I intend to develop a new regulatory system – one where the government concentrates on setting the security outcomes that need to be achieved and frees up operators to devise the security processes needed to deliver them in line with EU requirements," they said.
The British Airline Pilots' Association said current guidelines that "viewed everyone and everything as a threat" – including the searching of all pilots at security gates – were in need of an overhaul. The union's general secretary, Jim McAuslan, said: "These procedures currently employ a'catch-all approach, lacking true focus on the very real threat from international terrorism that faces both UK and international aviation."
The head of Bar UK, which represents more than 80 airlines including Virgin Atlantic and British Airways, said the airport security regime had become a morass of regulations. "There seems to be a layered approach to security at airports," said the chief executive, Mike Carrivick, in an interview with the BBC.
"Every time there is a new security scare, an extra layer is added on to procedures. We need to step back and have a look at the whole situation. Standards change fairly regularly and this puts pressure on airports and airlines. We need to decide what we are trying to do and how best to do it."
Smiths Detection, one of the world's largest suppliers of airport scanners, cautioned against countries striking out on their own. "There is no one single solution to aviation security and we strongly agree that there should be common international standards," said Stephen Phipson, the company's president. "These standards should help ensure consistency of security measures, airport efficiency and customer experience."
DigiTimes published a couple of statements from Dell's senior vice president of Consumer Product Marketing, Raymond Wah, regarding the company's view on the PC gaming industry. We'll start with the two quotes, below.
Electronic sports (e-sports) and VR (virtual reality) are main growth drivers for gaming PCs, Wah said, adding gaming is becoming e-sports and this is a global trend. Continual gaming content updates push hardware developers to upgrade the specifications of gaming PCs, Wah indicated. The number of e-sports fans will increase to 145 million in 2017. In line with gaming PC marketing, Dell has sponsored e-sports events and cooperated with movie producers, Wah indicated. Dell has also begun to set up gaming PC retail outlets at Best Buy chain stores in the US and plans to set up 50 outlets in total.
The article also mentions that they expect that the demand for gaming PCs will continue for five years, unlike the rest of the PC market, which is projected to shrink. It goes on to add that the company is pushing gaming products under two brands now, both Alienware and their general public-focused Inspiron line.
Many of our readers are probably comfortable assembling their own PCs, but getting OEMs involved adds the whole segment of users who would be comfortable sacrificing cost or performance to offload that hassle. That's a positive note that I think is often lost on PC enthusiasts. Just because shaving out middle-people makes the transaction more efficient, doesn't mean that there's no valid reason to pay a big OEM, or even a small business, local computer store, to handle it.
If he's right, the next five-plus years should be good for us, too.
In the UK's political battleground, truth may well be the first casualty but a close second is the ancient and beautiful English language. In the world of politics, our language becomes a shallow and arid medium where meaning and nuance flee in the face of meaningless and vacuous slogans.
Over the course of the last two general elections in Scotland, each of the main political parties has advanced the notion that they, and they alone, would “stand up for Scotland” at Westminster. No phrase disfigures the English language more than “standing up for Scotland”. It is so vapid and devoid of meaning that Scotland's three main political leaders have embraced it.
It all started with the SNP following their once in a lifetime feat of securing 56 out of the 59 Westminster seats available north of the border. These men and women would “stand up for Scotland”, presumably in the face of unremitting hostility by baying English unionists from all corners of the house. Yet, on those occasions I have visited Westminster since the 2015 general election I have been told by members of all parties that the SNP 56 are a jolly good thing and contribute greatly to the gaiety of the daily proceedings.
Ruth Davidson, leader of the Scottish Tories, and Kezia Dugdale, leader of the Labour party in Scotland, have since also decided that they too must be seen to be “standing up for Scotland”. Davidson in particular has been so enthusiastic about standing up for Scotland that you began to wonder if they would be agitating for a safe standing area in the House of Commons for the Scottish Tory contingent.
Yet, when they were faced with the first test of their erectness, they were found wanting. Nary a squeak escaped their thin and bloodless lips as Theresa May awarded the Ulster Unionists a £1.5bn bung in return for supporting their programme of austerity and a suicidal Brexit.
Though “standing up for Scotland” is a locution empty and devoid of substance you might think that at the very least it conveys a desire to support Scotland's interests. If the recent conduct of Scottish Tories and the Labour party in Scotland can be construed as standing up for Scotland, God help us all if we ever get on the wrong side of them.
Between them, these two parties have spent the last five years telling the world that Scotland is a beastly wee country with ideas above itself.
The country is thrumming with barely concealed hostility and suspicion, having been divided from top to bottom by the nasty politics of independence. Its economy is so abject, according to the Scottish Tories and Labour, that independence would knock it back to the Middle Ages and we'd be left looking for snookers to be allowed to converse with civilised people. Each of these parties was pleased to give everyone the impression that independence would leave to a stampede of big firms jostling to get out of Scotland in scenes reminiscent of the fall of Saigon.
I don't know if anyone has ever asked the Fraser of Allander Institute, the Scottish right's favourite economic thinktank, if it is able to quantify how much business has been lost to Scotland owing to the Tory/Lab onslaught against Scotland. The picture painted of Scotland by Davidson and Dugdale over the years as an economic wasteland full of people who might assault you at any given time must have cost this country billions in investment and tourism.
Following events last week, however, some of the economists of the Fraser of Allander Institute might have been seeking refuge in a darkened room. For it was revealed that the Scottish economy grew by 0.8% in the first quarter of 2017, a rate four times more than that of the UK as a whole. The news came just a few days after the Fraser of Allander had predicted that Scotland's economy might be teetering on the brink of a recession. The institute used phrases such as “precarious position” and “stuck in a cycle of weak growth”. The prospect of a recession was “in the balance”.
Several factors have combined to bolster the Scottish economy. There has been a significant upturn in manufacturing and, as widely predicted by many observers of the North Sea oil and gas industries, a return to something approaching rude health in this sector. Yet, as a global oil price war raged well out of the control of Scotland and the UK, the Tories and Labour used it to predict an eternal apocalypse for Scotland. There was just no reasoning with them about the notorious unpredictability of the oil and gas industry. This was a classic opportunity to tell the world that Scotland could never stand on its own two feet and would always need remedial assistance. Scotland doesn't have any international enemies but if it did none could have inflicted as much reputational damage on the country as Davidson and Dugdale have in recent years. The biggest threat to the Scottish economy is now clearly carried by the UK government. The country's devolved powers remain insufficient to design an economic strategy that fits Scotland's significantly different social, cultural and geographic requirements. Even the UK right is beginning to wring its hands over Brexit as each day brings bad news from the front. The latest, that there can be no “frictionless” trade agreement outside the single market, will chill the CEOs of many UK businesses, while the prospect of an end to EU cap payments has the potential to devastate Scottish farming.
There are still challenges for the Scottish government. The country's crucial SME sector has been neglected by the SNP who have far too easily hidden behind EU procurement law in awarding billions in public sector contracts to global multinationals with little presence in the country. The party is susceptible to certain types of big business and its pet lobbyists but has done little to stimulate growth in Scotland's small and medium-size businesses.
Predictably, the good news about the Scottish economy was met with cracked smiles by the Tories and Scottish Labour. This made a pleasant change. Last week, they were salivating at the thought of the country's economy entering recession.
Operation Save Jeb
So, long story short, my first orbital flight attempt saw Jebediah getting trapped without engines in a relatively inclined and eccentric orbit around Kerbin, with periapsis around 120km and apoapsis around 320km.
My first idea was to exit the capsule and use the jetpack to give it enough delta-v to drop the periapsis below 70km, but unfortunately I had installed a mystery goo canister on the side of the capsule and it was blocking the hatch. The idea is sound, though, and my friend used it successfully to get their stranded kerbonaut back down.
As the blocked hatch also prevented a rendezvous mission to transfer Jeb to another craft, there was no alternative but to launch a mission to push their periapsis down. I play career mode so I had to play for a while to get the parts and skills to launch a rescue mission. Early on I invented a craft with a kind of basket made of landing struts which could used to capture Jeb's capsule and give it a push.
The rescue took several attempts with varied failures, and I ended up using MechJeb a lot to speed up the flight. The whole mess of aligning orbital planes, making the rendezvous transfer as near as possible and then matching velocities would have taken me considerably longer and probably resulted in quite many failed flights without the automation MechJeb allows.
The failures I did suffer were due to things like wrong staging ("oops, there goes the last engine"), forgetting to open the solar panels ("why did it stop responding to controls?"). The first iteration of the capture basked to make the rendezvous was too sparse and the capsule escaped between the struts when I accelerated.
The Rescue Pusher went through a number of designs. The final craft is simply the small Octo probe with eight upside down landing struts attached to its sides. It's sitting on top of a battery, a reaction wheel block, fuel tanks and an engine. RCS nozzles, RCS fuel tanks, two 1x6 solar panels and the MechJeb module are attached to the sides of the fuel tank. The amount of fuel turned out more than I needed, so the larger of the two tanks could have been replaced by another smaller one. Two lower stages launched it into circular 120km orbit, from which the actual craft made the rendezvous.
After a couple of tries the approach was not too difficult. The idea is to approach the capsule from the prograde direction, keeping the Rescue Pusher pointed in the retrograde direction, while adjusting it sideways with the RCS to ensure the the capsule gets in the basket.
In the end, getting the capsule into the basked was surprisingly easy. Unfortunately the encounter happened on the dark side of Kerbin, so I could not get great pictures. I did take one fancy shot against the galactic plane.
After the capsule was in the basket, all that was left to do was to apply the main engine of the Rescue Pusher. I burned until the Pusher's periapsis got down to under 50km. As it happened, when the capsule separated after I shut down the engine, the capsule ended up with a periapsis of 25km and the Pusher somewhat higher.
Then there was nothing to do but timewarp until the capsule entered the atmosphere. I was slightly worried about the parachute, but everything worked fine.
Jebediah splashed down into the circular crater sea which you see in the distance above.
After Jebediah landed, I went back to the Pusher and burned all of its remaining fuel (I had overdone the delta-v and had way more left than was necessary) to get it down as fast as possible. It crashed down somewhere in the mountainous continent west of the Space Centre.
"We could be in for the long haul," said Víðir Reynisson, Department Manager of the Civil Protection Department, in an interview with mbl.is after a meeting with locals in Ljósvetningabúð, some 30 kilometers away from the northeastern town of Húsavík.
They point out that geologists have been speculating whether Iceland is heading into another long period of intense volcanic and seismic activity, not unlike the Kröflueldar, a nine-year period between 1975 and 1984 where seismic and volcanic activity in Iceland intensified greatly.
"If that is the case, we might have to reconsider the way we conduct civil protection as a whole in Iceland." The Civil Protection Department, the Coast Guard, police, the Crisis Coordination Center and other bodies of civil protection in Iceland have been in a state of varying alert for 12 days, since seismic activity in Bárðarbunga started. If the present situation will persist, some form of a long term plan would be required.
Artificial intelligence applications have gone head-to-head with humans in a lot of scenarios over the past few years and the latest application has seen esports players take the latest loss. An artificial intelligence application beat a top player in the multiplayer online game Dota 2.
At The International championship in Seattle earlier this week, a program developed by firm OpenAI managed to beat top Dota 2 player Danil Ishutin, better known as Dendi, in a series of 1 vs. 1 matches.
Read : Why Microsoft Is Looking At Artificial Intelligence For Its Corporate Business
During the first match, the bot took the victory after Ishutin and it traded kills and blows. But after taking an early lead in the next round, Ishutin forfeited the match and gave the bot the final win. For OpenAI, Dendi was also the latest major player the bot managed to take down. In a pre-roll segment, OpenAI's bot was shown beating several other top Dota 2 players in matches.
Check out Dendi's match against OpenAI's bot below and it begins around the 7:15 mark:
In a streamed video, OpenAI co-founder Greg Brockman detailed how the bot was able to learn and develop its skills within Dota 2. In a second video from OpenAI, the company also showed how its bots were able to organically learn and develop specific in-game behaviors.
"Our bot is trained entirely through self-play,” Brockman said. “It starts off completely random with no knowledge of the world and simply plays against a copy of itself, which means it always has an evenly matched opponent, and it climbs this ladder of skill level until it's able to reach the performance of the best professional players in the world."
While OpenAI's bot has had a strong record against Dota 2 professionals, its performance does come with a qualifier. The game typically features two teams of five players going head-to-head and reducing matches to a 1 vs. 1 scenario limits the number of options a bot has to consider. OpenAI's next goal for its application is having a full team of AI bots face off against Dota 2 players.
Read: Apple Launches Blog Focusing On Its Artificial Intelligence Research
OpenAI's Dota 2 bot is also the latest example of artificial intelligence bots beating humans in gaming. Earlier this summer, a bot from Google managed to beat the top-ranked player in the board game Go. Last year, developer Blizzard also announced a partnership with AI firm DeepMind to develop AI research using Starcraft II.
While gaming and esports might not seem like the most obvious avenue for academic development, OpenAI's bot is the latest example of modern AI applications. With machine learning, bots like OpenAI's can generally be put into a scenario and independently learn from its past mistakes to become smarter. The broadness of AI and these abilities — much to the chagrin of figures including Elon Musk — have also made it a red-hot area for development and investment among tech companies and venture firms.
TORONTO, ON - Some males will go to great lengths to pursue a female and take extreme measures to hold on once they find one that interests them, even if that affection is unrequited. New research from evolutionary biologists at the University of Toronto shows that the male guppy grows claws on its genitals to make it more difficult for unreceptive females to get away during mating.
Genitalia differ greatly in animal groups, even among similar species - so much so that even closely related species may have very different genitalia. The reasons for these differences are unclear but sexual conflict between males and females may be a source. Sexual conflict occurs when the fitness interests of males and females differ, which is rooted in differences in egg and sperm sizes. Males invest less than females in reproduction because sperm is cheap to produce, and larger eggs are most costly to make. This difference results in a conflict in which males are interested in mating with as many females possible but females are more selective with their mates.
The researchers examined the role of a pair of claws at the tip of the gonopodium of the male guppy (Poecilia reticulata) - essentially the fish's penis.
"Our results show that the claws are used to increase sperm transfer to females who are resisting matings," says Lucia Kwan, PhD candidate in U of T's Department of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology and lead author of a paper published this week in Biology Letters. "This suggests that it has evolved to benefit males at the expense of females, especially when their mating interests differ."
The researchers tested two ideas for the function of the claws - one for their role in securing sperm in place at the tip of the gonopodium just before it is inserted into the female, the other for grasping unreceptive or resistant females during mating to aid in sperm transfer. For the latter, Kwan, former graduate student Yun Yun Cheng and faculty members Helen Rodd and Locke Rowe used a phenotypic engineering approach. They surgically removed the pair of claws from one set of males and compared the amount of sperm transferred by them with a group of males who hadn't been declawed after they had all mated with receptive or unreceptive females.
"Clawed males transferred up to three times more sperm to unreceptive females compared to declawed males," says Kwan. "The claw has evolved to benefit the males at the expense of females, and implicates sexual conflict between the sexes in the diversification of the genitalia in this family of fish. This provides support that this important selective force is behind an evolutionary pattern that evolutionary biologists have been trying to unravel for over a century."
###
The results of the study are described in a paper titled "Sexual conflict and the function of genitalic claws in guppies (Poecilia reticulata)" published this week in Biology Letters. The research was funded by Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada (NSERC) scholarships to Kwan and Cheng, NSERC grants to Rodd and Rowe, and Canada Research Chair funding to Rowe.
Note to media: Visit http://www. artsci. utoronto. ca/ main/ media-releases/ guppy-genital-claws-study for images related to the research study described here.
MEDIA CONTACTS:
Lucia Kwan
Department of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology
University of Toronto
416-978-7590
lucia.kwan@utoronto.ca
Sean Bettam
Communications, Faculty of Arts & Science
University of Toronto
416-946-7950
s.bettam@utoronto.ca
SAN DIEGO—Cautioning that the initiative was being instituted on a trial basis only, Forrest Logistics CEO Wayne Gartner announced Thursday that the company had recently begun experimenting with valuing its employees. “For the next three months, we'll be treating our workers as skilled professionals we appreciate having on our staff instead of as disposable laborers whose morale could not matter less to us,” said Gartner, telling reporters that during this provisional period, management would be assessing the long-term viability of constructively addressing employee concerns and creating an overall positive work environment. “This is completely new to us, obviously, but that's why we're just testing it out. If need be, we can go back to essentially telling our workers that they're lucky we hired them in the first place.” At press time, the initiative had been canceled after estimates revealed it would cost the company upwards of $2,500 annually.
Advertisement
Why Hillary Clinton Isn't The Inevitable 2016 Democratic Nominee, Let Alone Winner Of The General Election
There lots of talk out there about how Hillary Clinton is going to walk away with the Democrat nomination for President in 2016 and then sweep into over the charred remains of whatever sacrificial lamb the GOP offers up.
My response to that idea: Nuts. In fact, I don't think she'll run, and if they do they won't be the nominee, and if they are, she'll lose the general.
But assuming they do run for the nomination lets remember a few things about Hillary:
For starters, shes not a very good candidate. After spending much of the 2008 cycle as the inevitable nominee it turned out they were quite evitable (fun fact, thats actually a word).
A disorganized and bloated campaign team, their accent of the week depending on the crowd they were talking to and their earthy every woman drinking habits, Hillary annoyed a lot of people. They may have been likable enough as Barack Obama famously put it but not enough to win over Democrats. Remember their big breakthrough in terms of connecting with voters was when they cried on the eve of the New Hampshire primary. Had they not done that, the nomination race between them and Obama might not have lasted as long as it did.
Democrats in general dont like re-run candidates. The GOP is the party of next in line while the Democrats are the party Ohhhhh .Shiny!. Maybe the chance to elect the first woman President will be enough to overcome the Democrats historic resistance to giving losers a second look. Since the birth of the modern primary contest in 1968, the Democrats have only nominated someone for President who ran for the nomination before once Al Gore ran in 1988 and won the nomination in 2000. Of course they were the siting Vice President at the time so it was a unique situation (Walter Mondale was the nominee in 84, having lost with Jimmy Carter in 80 but they never ran on their own prior to 84).
History isnt destiny but odds are the Democrats will stay true to form and fall for someone new and exciting. This doesnt bode well for Joe Biden either (though they might get the sitting VP exemption).
But the Democrats will want to make history and nominate a woman more than find someone shiny and new to get behind you say. Well, it might not be an either/or situation. Luckily for Democrats they may get to do that AND have the chance to make history if Elizabeth Warren runs.
And lets not forget that Hillarys record of accomplishment is still pretty spotty. Yes, they were able to squirm out too much blame for Benghazi the first time around but you can bet Biden isnt going to lay down quietly while Hillary runs around taking credit for Obamas gutsy calls and saying Biden was frady scared. Biden is a whacky guy but hes been around the block a lot more times than Hillary. Hes got a network of their own and they know where plenty of bodies are buried. No one doubts theres plenty of dirt out there on Hillary and not only will Biden know about it, hell know how to get it out into the public. A primary battle between two top veterans of the Obama administration will simply lay the ground work GOP attacks to come later.
And about being a veteran of the Obama administration thats not looking so hot right about now is it? Sure its a long way to go and Hillary got out before the ACA mess hit the front pages but one year into Obamas second term and Im not getting the sense theres going to be a lot of energy for what would amount to a 3rd Obama term.
Yes, Hillary was on the foreign policy side of the shop but from the failed stimulus plan, and cash for clunkers to record debt and the ACA, theres a lot of wreckage to answer for. Hillary simply isnt a good enough politician to avoid responsibility for 8 years of Democratic missteps as Obama was.
Speaking of 8 years of Democratic disasters .three straight presidential terms for a party is a pretty rare thing. Since the passage of the Twenty-Second Amendment (limiting a President to two terms), only once has a party held the White House in three consecutive elections (Reagan in 80 and 84 and George H.W. Bush in 88). Al Gore couldnt parlay the seeming peace and the prosperity of the go-go economy of the 90s into a 3rd Democrat term (though they came close by winning the popular vote).
One other factor to consider is who the GOP nominates (assuming Hillary is the nominee). One can hope, though maybe expect is too strong, that next time around the Republicans will manage to nominate someone who isnt as inept and out of step with the electorate as Mitt Romney was.
A last factor to consider is age. Hillary is going to be 66 in two days. That means when we get to the start of primary voting in a little over 2 years (January/February of 2016) shes going to be 68 and will turn 69 just before election day of 2016. Some people will say its sexist to think about age and appearance but in a world of high-definition TV, these things matter. McCain and Romney were about the same age as Hillary will be and they didnt fare so well against a younger, more energetic candidate (and for all their other faults, Romney is a freak of nature when it comes to appearance and energy for a guy their age). Dont forget, Hillary had some health issues towards the end of their tenure as Secretary of State and people were talking about them being rundown after 4 years traveling the world.
Maybe the stunt casting of electing the first woman will be enough to overcome the economic ennui of the Obama years or the fiasco we are seeing unfolding that is the Affordable Care Act wont look so bad by the time Hillary runs for the nomination or in the general but to say the combination of facts as we know them at this moments means Hillary Clinton is simply killing time until noon on January 20, 2017 is either wishcasting by Team Clinton or the residual disbelief among Republicans that Obama was able to win reelection given the status of the economy.
Writing on the Oath Keepers' website, the group's founder Stewart Rhodes reacted to Sunday's mass shooting at a church in Texas by tying it to the supposed “civil war” that they thought far-left activists would try to start on Saturday and by urging all men to go armed at all times and station armed security teams outside of every church.
Rhodes, like others on the far-right, speculated that the shooting was perpetrated by “a Christian hating leftist terrorist,” connecting it with the violent left-wing uprising they and others predicted might occur on November 4, saying, “we may see hardcore leftists become discouraged by the failure of Nov 4 then decide to go full on Weather Underground style terrorist and target conservatives and anyone else they see as being on the political right.”
“But whether they had planned this for some time or was reacting to the failure of the Nov 4 launch of a supposed mass movement to remove Trump, our response must be the same,” Rhodes wrote. That response being to be armed “at all times, in all places,” including church:
1. Go armed at all times, in all places, and be ready for it when (not if) the attack comes. That must be the physical practice and the mental state of all patriotic Americans. As I said in my Friday write up, expect it, and prepare for it, and that means a handgun and knife on your person, and a rifle or shotgun in your vehicle. It was a private citizen with a long gun who put a stop to this killing spree. You must be ready to do the same. It is a tragic shame that there was apparently nobody with a firearm among the victims in the church. I have heard nothing about anyone in that church returning fire, and it is most likely they were all unarmed. 2. Go armed in church! See #1. Be armed AT ALL TIMES, IN ALL PLACES. And especially while in church or at any gathering of people that can be attacked by some jihadist or leftist terrorist (who hate the same people). If your pastor has an idiotic “policy” of no guns in church, give them till this next Sunday to change that policy (and teach them why they must) or go find a new pastor and a new church. Do NOT let yourself be disarmed in church. How many fathers and husbands died unarmed in that church while they watched women and children slaughtered around them? How many mothers where helpless to stop their loved ones from being shot again and again? Do NOT be disarmed by anyone, anywhere. Just one gun in the hands of a good guy inside the church could have stopped the slaughter, just like a gun in the hands of a good guy outside the church prevented the terrorist from being able to get away and kill more people somewhere else (it now looks as if they had explosives in the vehicle as well as more guns and ammo, so they may have intended to carry out other attacks elsewhere).
After stating that “every church needs a dedicated armed security team,” Rhodes urged their readers to prepare for “a wave of left wing terrorism targeting conservatives, libertarians, Christians, police, military, veterans, etc… in case this does lead to a full blown civil war”:
Danny Welbeck is hoping to be back in action in "January or February"
Arsenal striker Danny Welbeck says they are looking to return from injury in the new year, but insists they will not be rushing.
The former Manchester United man underwent knee surgery in September, and with Euro 2016 fast approaching, Welbeck's rehabilitation has so far been successful.
Despite admitting the time out has been frustrating, the 25-year-old is in a positive mood as they look for a February return at the latest.
Welbeck has been out all season with a serious knee injury
They told Sky Sports News HQ: "It's going pretty well. I think with the way it's going now I'm more positive with things and can't wait to get back on the pitch.
"It's a pretty serious injury and it's difficult to go through those tough periods but it's part and parcel of football.
"I think it has been frustrating, before I had the surgery I was trying to get back fit, but I'm starting to see the light at the end of the tunnel now.
Arsenal is just a point ahead of Man City going into the Monday Night Football clash
"I've said the new year, January or February, but there's no exact date yet, I've just got to make sure I'm 100 per cent when I come back. Obviously I don't want to come back too soon, and make the injury worse.
"I can't look too far ahead, I think the most important thing to me is to get back and show what I can do for Arsenal."
Arsenal face Manchester City on Monday Night Football, with just a point separating the two near the top of the Premier League table.
Arsene Wenger says that Alexis Sanchez has a slight chance of being in the squad for Monday's clash with Man City Arsene Wenger says that Alexis Sanchez has a slight chance of being in the squad for Monday's clash with Man City
Welbeck is looking forward to the game, and says the imminent return of Arsenal's other injured players will give the club a timely boost over the next month.
"It's a big game," they added. "It's going to be interesting and I can't wait to watch it. I hope we get the right result.
"Obviously there are quite a few boys out with injuries, but I think as we get a full squad it's going to give us a good push to the end of the season."
Watch Arsenal v Manchester City live on Monday Night Football, 7pm, Sky Sports 1 HD, or watch without a contract on NOW TV.
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
The federal judiciary is slowly coming to the realization that the Second Amendment actually means the public can have guns. That's not sitting well with local politicians in Chicago and Washington who are determined to keep the public disarmed. On Wednesday, the 7th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals made that harder by blowing away the claim that “gun violence” concerns justified rules depriving citizens of the right not only to own but also to use firearms in a responsible manner.
Ensuring the availability of places to practice safe shooting skills follows neatly from the Supreme Court's rediscovery of the Second Amendment in the recent Heller and McDonald decisions. So a three-judge panel suspended the Windy City's ban on firing ranges within city limits. This ordinance had been imposed as part of a suite of draconian regulations adopted after the high court struck down the city's gun ban. Though one technically could own a sidearm, the process was made so complicated that the average law-abiding citizen was supposed to give up in frustration.
The fatal flaw in this hastily contrived scheme was a requirement that anyone seeking permission to own a pistol would first have to undergo an hour of training at a gun range - a facility prohibited within city limits. When the Second Amendment Foundation and Illinois State Rifle Association filed a lawsuit to strike down the gun-range ban, Chicago's defense became downright silly. City attorneys couldn't plausibly argue that range training was essential to gun ownership at the same time they denied training and practice had anything to do with Second Amendment gun ownership.
Technically, the case is ongoing. The appellate panel left room for Chicago to argue at trial that its public-safety concerns about firing ranges are legitimate. In the court's own words, however, that's “quite unlikely.” Among the laughable pretexts the city zoning czar dreamed up for the range ban was the concern that thieves would sneak onto the property and grab weapons right out from under the noses of facility users. To the contrary, a range is probably the only place in Chicago where one could go without fear of ever being mugged. In the 16 years that the National Rifle Association has operated its gun range in Fairfax, there have been no thefts or accidents, according to a spokesperson.
What's intriguing about the 7th Circuit's decision is that the judges insisted the Second Amendment be treated with the same care as the First Amendment. It may be a minor inconvenience to force Chicago residents to drive a few miles to the suburbs to fire off a few rounds, but it's an inconvenience that won't stand. “This reasoning assumes that the harm to a constitutional right is measured by the extent to which it can be exercised in another jurisdiction,” the judges said. Chicago could not ban free speech by asserting one could merely take a bus to Naperville to express their thoughts.
Mayor Rahm Emanuel already has come up with a new ordinance allowing gun ranges but imposing so many bureaucratic approvals, fees and requirements that nobody could possibly run a successful operation meeting the conditions. Apparently, these politicians insist on a “thumbing of the municipal nose” at the court, as the 7th Circuit's concurring opinion put it. Gun owners ought to thank Mr. Emanuel for setting up the next slam-dunk case further clarifying our rights.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
WATCH: Harold & Kumar's Kal Penn Kicks Clint Eastwood's Ass at Democratic Convention
As they used to say in my hometown, Kal Penn knocked Clint Eastwood's dick in the dirt Tuesday night with a smart — and subtly smart-alecky — celebrity turn at the podium on the first night of the Democratic National Convention in Charlotte, NC.
In contrast to 82-year-old Eastwood's aimless — and heartless — speech in support of Mitt Romney, Penn, 35, gave a focused, funny speech that, like the Harold & Kumar franchise, proved to be a lot smarter than it's stoner-targeted marketing campaign advertised. (Actually, I think there's an argument to be made that stoners are some of the sharpest cultural consumers on earth, but that's an argument for another day.)
What I particularly appreciated about Penn's speech was that it hit important DNC talking points without sounding like corny propaganda, and the actor struck an inclusive note that, I suspect, could sway some hawkish-yet-hip fringe voters to cast their ballot for President Obama.
And that was in a single sentence: “I've worked on a lot of fun movies but my favorite job was having a boss who gave the order to take out Bin Laden and is cool with all of us getting gay married,” Penn told DNC delegates. “So thank you invisible man in the chair for that.”
Duuuude! In a single soundbite, Penn, a former Associate Director for the White House's Office of Public Engagement, accomplished a remarkable hat trick: They twitted Eastwood's RNC performance; reiterated the administration's support for gay marriage and reminded us that Osama Bin Laden was taken out under Obama's leadership — a goal that, given America's post-9/11 fury, should have been accomplished during the eight years of George W. Bush's presidency.
Penn's reference to Bin Laden's death was particularly smart because it sent the message that the Democratic Party does not engage in facile stereotyping. Penn is Indian-American, but if they haven't been singled out at an airport because their skin tone resembled the 9/11 terrorists', I bet that they know a lot of people who've had that experience. When Penn plainly stated their support for Obama's silencing of Osama, I could hear a hundred Fox News-perpetuated stereotypes vaporizing with a satisfying sizzle.
It's not the first time that Penn has messed with the American public's pat view of good and bad in a post-9/11 America, by the way. They blew me away in 2007 when they played Ahmed Amar on 24. Penn's performance repeatedly defied my expectations — especially when they turned out to be the terrorist that, I assumed, they couldn't be thanks to my own internal stereotypes about political correctness.
Penn's decision to take that role at that particular time in American history was brave indeed, and that same year they told New York magazine that he'd almost turned down the part because "It was essentially accepting a form of racial profiling."
"I think it's repulsive," Penn explained. "But it was the first time I had a chance to blow stuff up and take a family hostage. As an actor, why shouldn't I have that opportunity? Because I'm brown and I should be scared about the connection between media images and people's thought processes?"
Penn blew stuff up again tonight — in the best way possible. President Obama was smart to use them as a convention opener. Check out Penn's speech below and please tell me whether you agree or not in the comments section below.
Follow Frank DiGiacomo on Twitter.
Follow Movieline on Twitter.
Posted by Daniel in 3D, Design, Inspiration on February 18th, 2011 with 1 Comment
It has been some time since I have showcased some exceptional abstract inspiration. Featuring some fantastic artists making great use of 3D tools such as 3D Studio Max and Maya with a nice blend of Photoshop.
If you have missed any of our previous showcases featuring multiple influences abstract inspiration, check out the selection of posts below!
Please note that clicking on the preview below will take you to the full sized version and will also give you the opportunity to visit the rest of artists portfolio. All art work is copyright to their respective owners and not of nenuno creative.
Reawakening by mOsk
Essence by Kikariz
Magma by Kikariz
Echoes by Kikariz
Absolure_color by vikia
Heat v2 by mOsk
TEN MINUTES TO MIDNIGHT by videa
LightHouse by Jesar
Prophecy by nano-004
What i've done by synthesys
The Descent by brandonwagner
Curiosity by El-Nombre
Depthplay by TriZero
Lotus by dunnodt
Konwalinchen by mOsk
adapting by jk3y
PROMOTER OF CUPIDITY by videa
C O M E B A C K by sergo321
REVIVAL by 1ALPHA1
On a side note, we are looking for some of your contributions! Got something creative to share with the community? Now is the perfect time to get involved! Learn more about Contributing.
(CNN Philippines, May 31) — Now it's clear. President Rodrigo Duterte confirms they acted on their own when they decided to declare Martial Law in Mindanao.
Speaking at the commissioning of the Philippine Navy's brand new Landing Dock vessel BPR Davao del Sur, the President said there was no direct recommendation, but the police and military gave them enough information to convince them martial law is needed.
"While they did not say 'go ahead President Duterte,' they gave me sufficient informatjon and I asked them are we already in the critical level. And there was an almost unison and redundant even statement that delikado tayo sa Mindanao [the situation in Mindanao is dire] given the practice of the ISIS in the Middle East, just exploding everything in their hands," they said.
The President's statement comes after security officials, in a closed-door meeting with senators, said they didn't make any recommendation.
Where is Hapilon?
Defense Secretary Delfin Lorenzana says Abu Sayyaf leader Isnilon Hapilon is believed to be still in Marawi.
But they could be traced soon, with security officials confident of taking full control of Marawi in days.
It's unclear if this means martial law may be also be lifted before the 60-day limit.
RELATED: Duterte on martial law: 'I'd be harsh'
For now, the President is still worried about terror attacks spilling over to the Visayas which is close to conflict-stricken Mindanao
But this time, they didn't talk about expanding martial law's coverage to address this possibility.
"I will be forced to declare the suspension of the writ of habeas corpus, not martial law, but 'yung habeas corpus lang [only habeas corpus] so that I can arrest you anytime without a warrant. That is just a precautionary measure. I don't think it will happen. I hope it will not happen."
President Duterte previously sought the help of rebel groups in fighting terrorists.
The Moro Islamic Liberation Front has agreed to help in securing areas for humanitarian and relief operations.
The Moro National Liberation Front says its troops are ready for combat and are just awaiting word from the Armed Forces of the Philippines to get moving.
Though President Duterte did appeal that New People's Army members help out too, they had a different tone with them this time.
"If there is a breakdown in the peace and order here because of the participation of the communists in this war against the ISIS...I am warning the leaders whom I have released and who are now talking to the representatives of my government: Do not attempt to come home. I will arrest all of you and throw you to the slammer. Pagkukulungin ko kayo at lahat nung matanda, aarestuhin ko 'yun uli [I will throw all of you in jail including the old ones]. And if needed, they will just die there inside the prison."
President Duterte stresses drug money has been helping fuel terrorist activities in the country.
That and money from ISIS which they say has been using Police Supt. Cristina Nobleza to move funds to the Abu Sayyaf Group.
Nobleza is the lover of Abu Sayyaf bomb maker Reener Dongon who is linked to the group behind the clash in Bohol.
READ: Police officer, bandit detained at PNP headquarters
They were accused of trying to rescue a bandit trapped in police operations there.
The Tasmanian rivers and creeks draining into Bass Strait are home to the planet's largest non-marine invertebrate.
Known to the scientific community as Astacopsis gouldi, the giant freshwater lobster - is also sometimes called a crayfish, in keeping with its stature and suitability for the pot (although it is now illegal to harvest this threatened species from the wild).
Tasmania and south-eastern Australia represent a global hot-spot for non-marine lobsters, which all belong to an ancient lineage.
Most live in burrows in damp ground, but the giant freshwater crayfish and its relatives (the more modestly proportioned southern A. tricornis and the positively Lilliputian eastern A. franklinii) require flowing water - though they will travel overland if they need to, and occasionally inhabit dams.
The giant freshwater lobster lives life in the slow lane. Adults may live for 40 years, by which time they may be 80 cm long and weigh in at more than 5 kg. Females don't start breeding until they are about 14 years old, and then only do so every other year because it takes them that long to brood their eggs and youngsters.
They eke out a living on a meager diet of dead leaves and rotting wood, but will also eat living invertebrates, and dead fish and mammals that happen to drift their way.
Because of past overfishing, large individuals are rare today - albeit a little less so than before the species received official protection in 1998.
Continued threats include poaching, loss of vegetation, and changes to water quality and flow-rates due to land management practices within the catchment.
The lobster's specific name - given in 1845 - honours the convict artist, William Buelow Gould, whose 1832 Sketchbook of Fishes (now in Hobart's Allport Library) includes the first-known representation of an Astacopsis and inspired Richard Flanagan's 2001 novel, Gould's Book of Fish.
To vote for this object, view on TMAG's Shaping Tasmania; a journey in 100 objects and leave a comment.
Last month, Attorney General Eric Holder said the federal government would stop raiding marijuana distributors in states where it is legal. But last week Holder said they were exploring ways to lower the minimum amount required of pot for the federal prosecution of possession cases.
These are two central issues explored in High: The True Tale of American Marijuana, tonight's documentary, which show the ridiculously high cost in prosecution and imprisonment, and in the cost to patients to rely on medical marijuana to ease their pain.
It's true that the importation and sale of illegal drugs funds other criminal organizations, including terrorism. High makes no bones about it. But as Holder points out, pot is central to the drug trade from Mexico. So wouldn't it be cheaper (less manpower) to legalize it, put it under the same kind of control as alcohol, and tax it; thereby creating a revenue stream rather than a revenue loss?
Additionally, the ban on marijuana has created a ban on the growth of industrial hemp, a plant which has a plethora of uses. But because of the ban on marijuana, hemp cannot be grown for commercial purposes.
In the course of the film, John Holowach also explores the legalization of other drugs and harm-reduction programs to stop the spread of needle-born illnesses and overdoses; but their main focus is the high cost in lives and productivity lost to the criminalization of marijuana. One medical marijuana patient explains that when they use medical marijuana they are able to work and pay their bills; but now that their prescription has been taken away, they must go back on disability and is runs the risk of loosing theirs home.
There is some particularly brutal footage of prison training films and moving interviews with families affected by drug prohibitions, along with clever animation and vintage footage used to illustrate the points. But it's the vast amount of money, the billions annually spent on drug enforcement and incarceration, that really draws home the point. It's money down a rathole.
Don't we have better ways to spend our tax dollars? Don't we have better ways to use our law enforcement personnel? The War on Drugs hasn't made a difference, but using revenue from the taxation of marijuana could help rebuild our infrastructures (I know, Obama laughed at that) and provide funding for health and welfare.
Prohibition didn't work. The War on Drugs isn't working. It's time for a new paradigm — one which will create revenue and cut costs in the criminal justice system. It seems so simple.
(Full disclosure: I don't smoke pot or use medical marijuana)
[As a reminder, please take off-topic discussions to the previous thread.]
YANGON (Reuters) - Myanmar's president blamed nationalist and religious extremists for the violence between Muslims and Buddhists in Rakhine State in October that killed at least 89 people, and the United Nations said they had promised to address the underlying problems.
Myanmar's President Thein Sein talks during their first news conference since their re-appointment as head of the ruling party Union Solidarity and Development Party (USDP), at the presidential palace in Naypyitaw October 21, 2012. REUTERS/Soe Zeya Tun
Thein Sein's remarks, in a meeting with Buddhists and Muslims carried by state television late on Friday and in a letter to the United Nations, came three days before U.S. President Barack Obama is due to visit the country, also known as Burma.
A Reuters investigation into a wave of sectarian assaults on Muslims in the state painted a picture of organized attacks led by Rakhine nationalists tied to a powerful political party in the state, incited by Buddhist monks and, some witnesses said, abetted by local security forces.
The United States has suspended sanctions on Myanmar and removed an import ban in recognition of Thein Sein's political and economic reforms after half a century of military rule, but it still wants them to end ethnic conflict and release all political prisoners.
MRTV television said action had been taken against 1,081 people in connection with the violence in Rakhine, giving no details about those people or their offences.
“There were nationalist and religious extremists who incited and agitated improperly behind the scenes to spread the violence in the region,” Thein Sein told the religious leaders.
“Besides, there were some foreign organizations and nations who tried to fuel the flame by circulating false and fabricated news,” they said, without identifying them.
“The country will lose face among the international community if we fail to pursue the norms of human rights and humanitarian work being practised in many countries,” they said, calling for concerted efforts by the government, Buddhist monks and people of all races and religion to work for a harmonious society where each could be respected.
LETTER TO THE U.N.
The United Nations said Thein Sein had sent a letter to Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon promising action to tackle the problems in Rakhine, home to an estimated 800,000 Rohingya Muslims that Myanmar does not recognize as citizens.
Many in Myanmar consider them to be illegal immigrants from neighboring Bangladesh, but Bangladesh does not recognize them as citizens, either.
In a statement issued late on Friday, Ban's office said Thein Sein had promised that “once emotions subside on all sides”, their government was prepared to “address contentious political dimensions, ranging from resettlement of displaced populations to granting of citizenship”.
It would also look at “issues of birth registration, work permits and permits for movement across the country for all, in line with a uniform national practice across the country ensuring that they are in keeping with accepted international norms”.
Many Rohingyas are subject to travel and work restrictions.
The United Nations said Thein Sein had committed their government to meeting the humanitarian needs of people caught up in the violence and had said it would seek international assistance and cooperation.
It said they had condemned the “criminal acts” of elements inside their country and promised to deal with the perpetrators in accordance with the rule of law.
Ban, welcoming those steps, said the United Nations would work with Myanmar to help the affected people in Rakhine state and support measures needed “to comprehensively address the issues at the heart of the situation”.
In the comments carried on television, Thein Sein said 167 people had been killed in two periods of violence in Rakhine in June and October this year, while 223 were injured. Some 101,000 buildings were destroyed and 111,000 people were made homeless.
At least 80 people died in the June violence. Some rights activists say the overall total for June and October could be much higher.
It gets harder every year to get into some of the University of Washington's most in-demand majors, creating a cutthroat system of competition at the flagship university.
By the end of their first-year student year at the University of Washington, Jack Kussick believed there was no point in even applying to get into the UW's bioengineering program.
Kussick had sailed through Seattle's Roosevelt High with top grades. When they entered the UW, the Seattle native was thinking about a career designing cutting-edge rehabilitation tools that could help wounded veterans get back on their feet, or athletes devastated by injury return to their sports.
But college required an entirely different type of studying. As a first-year student, Kussick stumbled in a few classes before they figured out a system that worked for him.
By then, they believed, it was already too late.
In order to be competitive for bioengineering, a counselor told him, he'd need to begin making A's in nearly every class. Even then, their chances of being admitted were slim.
At a time when students are encouraged to go into careers in science and technology, as well as business, it's becoming harder and harder to do so in some majors at the state's largest flagship university.
Of the roughly 2,000 students in each class who say they want to major in one of the engineering disciplines, fewer than half will get in. And for the business administration major at the Foster School of Business, the admission rate is 40 percent.
Some faculties say that's created a cutthroat system that forces students to compete against one another — at a time when they should be learning how to work together.
In high-demand majors, the university is “having to select from a group of students who are amazing, and bright, and capable, and could do well,” said Patricia Kramer, an anthropology professor who heads a faculty committee trying to solve the problem.
“This isn't weeding out students who are not good,” they added.
The pressure to build a perfect transcript also means students sacrifice many other experiences that make up the fabric of a good college experience, said Brian Fabien, the associate dean of academic affairs for the College of Engineering.
“They're not participating in student organizations, in clubs — they're not doing the things we'd like them to do,” Fabien said. “This is not a good environment for learning.”
There's no easy solution. But the UW will be asking more questions about a student's area of interest on its first-year student and transfer admissions applications. At some point, that information might be used to decide who becomes a Husky, and who does not.
In limbo
On the third floor of Loew Hall one day last week, a half-dozen pre-engineering students waited in line for appointments with academic counselors to fine-tune their schedules, or ask for advice. Most were upbeat about their chances of being accepted into engineering's disciplines — mechanical, civil and computer engineering, to name a few.
But the reality is that fewer than half will be admitted, Fabien said. Students get several chances to apply, but in the meantime they are in limbo about their major, and some won't know for certain until their third year, ”which is actually pretty cruel,” they said.
Taylor Ishida, a sophomore who wants to major in bioengineering, stays in the library studying until 10 or 11 p.m. every night. “It's definitely stressful, knowing the level of competition,” they said.
Ishida, who grew up in Oregon, says their academic record is strong, but she's an anxious test-taker, and often wakes up at night worrying about how they did on their last exam. If they don't get into the program, she'll transfer to another university.
Allen Putich, a first-quarter transfer student who earned their associate degree from Skagit Valley College, knows it's hard to get into their intended major, computer science; they spent an entire week studying for their first midterm. They think their chances are good, but he's got a backup plan: electrical engineering.
Khanh Le, a sophomore, has been turned down once already trying to get into either industrial or civil engineering, and says she's under a lot of pressure now to get in. Le, who graduated from Mariner High School in Everett, said if they don't get in on their second attempt, they may take a year off — or transfer elsewhere.
No major is more competitive than computer science — only about a third of the students who apply get in. For those students, some help is on the way; the UW has gotten millions from private industry and the state Legislature to construct a new computer science building, which will allow it to double the number of students it can handle in the coming years.
Students who can't get into engineering often choose math, chemistry or physics — and that puts stress on those majors, too, Fabien said. Those who don't get into the Foster School, for example, often choose economics as a backup. That major is no shoo-in, either — it only admits about two-thirds of applicants.
What it takes
Engineers are trained to be collaborative, so they can solve problems together. But the hypercompetitive environment at the UW means students are in a race to beat one another. It's exactly the opposite of the skills they'll need in the workplace, Fabien said.
Why can't the UW simply eliminate majors that are falling out of favor, and use the money to hire more engineering professors?
It's not that easy.
Engineers need to learn on expensive and space-consuming equipment, Fabien said. For example, mechanical engineers at the UW work with machining equipment similar to what's used in a Boeing facility.
The engineering college also needs students who can write, and have an understanding of history, political science and the humanities — not just good grades in math and science. “You can't be a good engineer if you can't communicate,” they said.
Kramer said the slowness with which the university builds up, or cuts back, on majors is an important check on chasing the latest fad.
Ten years ago, for example, the university resisted pressure to reduce instruction in Eastern European languages. Now, because of unrest in Ukraine, an understanding of those languages and cultures is in demand, they said.
Admissions process
Before the university starts considering a student's “area of academic interest” in deciding who is admitted, all three campuses would have to approve that change. Kramer expects there will be changes in the way the university makes its choice on offering admission to out-of-state and international students.
For in-state students, in contrast, they think the changes will be minor.
“Our obligation to Washington state students is really different” from the university's commitment to out-of-state and international students, they said.
But they emphasized that no decisions have been made yet, and that “the intent is not to decrease overall chances of admission into the UW for any student, but rather to give students the best chances of being able to gain entry into, and to complete, majors in the field of their interest.”
For transfer students, an applicant's intended major already has a bearing on whether they or they are admitted. A transfer student who selects only one major on the application, and is not admitted into that major, also is not admitted into the university, they said.
Meanwhile, the College of Engineering has proposed a system in which about 50 percent of engineering-major prospects would be directly admitted to the college at the same time they are admitted to the UW as freshmen or transfer students, although they would still need to apply for their specific major. No decision has been made, but Fabien noted that it's a practice already in use at most other major engineering schools. And last year, the UW Student Senate passed a resolution calling for that change.
The trouble with direct admission, Kramer said, is that it can deprive students of the chance to explore different subjects, or pursue careers they might never have heard of in high school.
That can be especially hard on those who come from rural or low-income schools — students who may have never met an engineer, or explored a great science lab, they said.
Computer science professor Ed Lazowska said there's no right way to handle the overcrowded-majors issue.
Elite private universities allow students to choose any major they want, Lazowska said, but getting admitted to those universities in the first place is like winning the lottery.
On the other hand, some major public universities give students a relatively free choice of their major, but use “weed-out courses” — extremely difficult prerequisites — to reduce the number of students going into certain majors, they said.
Meanwhile, just up the road in Everett, Washington State University's new North Puget Sound campus is adding more slots in electrical, mechanical and software engineering. The mechanical engineering program, which can accommodate 40 new students each year, had twice that number of applicants this January.
Kussick, the UW student who thought they would never get into bioengineering, solved their dilemma by transferring to Oregon State University at the start of their sophomore year.  They are making A's in all their classes — “I'm doing better than I've ever done at school” — and was admitted to the pre-bioengineering program. Their interests have expanded into robotics, and he's also thinking about medical school or earning a Ph.D.
Kussick is 250 miles from home, and because he's an out-of-state-student, their family's paying about $13,000 more a year in tuition and living expenses than they did while they were at the UW.
But he's happy with their decision to move to Corvallis. “I'm loving it down here,” they said.
Manny Pacquiao adviser Michael Koncz told ESPN.com on Thursday that Floyd Mayweather Jr. has declined to agree to terms for a penalty that would cost either man $5 million in the event of a failed drug test before or after their May 2 megafight at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas.
"Today we were informed that Mayweather turned down the request," Koncz said. "Manny had requested that there would be a reciprocal fine of $5 million for a failed drug test."
Koncz said that even though the agreements for the fight are signed, as is a separate agreement for the United States Anti-Doping Agency to oversee random blood and urine testing for the fight, they were still discussing terms for a substantial fine in the event of a dirty test. But Koncz said Mayweather attorney Jeremiah Reynolds sent a letter to Pacquiao attorney David Moroso on Thursday declining to enter into any agreements on a financial penalty for a failed drug test.
Manny Pacquiao's adviser says Floyd Mayweather Jr. has declined a $5 million penalty for either fighter in the event of a failed drug test before or after their May 2 megafight in Las Vegas. Al Bello/Getty Images
Leonard Ellerbe, CEO of Mayweather Promotions and Mayweather's close adviser, said Koncz should have had those terms negotiated into the main contract.
"Michael Koncz is an idiot, and Manny Pacquiao should be ashamed to have them as their representative, in my opinion," Ellerbe told ESPN.com. "It's obvious they didn't read the contract. Why would they have their fighter sign something they were not happy with? The deal was negotiated up and down by their promoter [Bob Arum of Top Rank] on behalf of Manny with Floyd and Mayweather Promotions, and it's been well documented in the media for quite some time.
"If this moron didn't convey their fighter's wishes when the negotiation was going on, that's their problem. This is a lame-ass attempt to generate publicity."
Drug testing, of course, has been front and center throughout the five-year-plus saga to get boxing's most anticipated fight signed. When the sides first negotiated the bout in late 2009 and early 2010, they had agreed to all aspects of the deal except for the drug-testing protocol. Mayweather insisted on random, Olympic-style blood and urine testing, Pacquiao declined to agree to the specific form of drug testing, and the deal fell apart.
Not long after that, Pacquiao sued Mayweather for defamation and slander for saying that they had used performance-enhancing drugs, which Pacquiao has always denied. The case was ultimately settled out of court with Mayweather paying Pacquiao an undisclosed seven-figure sum.
"They have made derogatory statements for years about Manny [supposedly using PEDs], and now we challenged them by asking for the $5 million fine, and they refused to do it. It's disheartening," Koncz said.
Mayweather has required themselves and their opponents to be tested by USADA for all of their bouts since 2010, while Pacquiao has sometimes used the Voluntary Anti-Doping Association to randomly test them and their opponent in recent years.
For the May 2 welterweight unification bout, expected to be the richest fight in boxing history, Pacquiao agreed to Mayweather's demand for USADA testing, and they signed contracts with the agency about three weeks ago.
When asked why Pacquiao didn't negotiate the fine into the master fight agreement, Koncz said they were concerned with getting the fight signed and did not want to do anything to jeopardize very delicate negotiations. Besides, they said, both camps knew they would have to sign a separate agreement with USADA to outline the specific terms of the testing.
"We were still discussing the penalty. We've been going back and forth about it for the past three or four weeks. We hoped that we could sign that agreement around the same time as the agreement with USADA," Koncz said. "[The Mayweather camp] is saying, 'Why wasn't it brought up for the main contract?' Why does it have to be brought up for the main contract? Everything in the main contract pertains to the co-promotion and the promoters. You can argue all day if [a penalty agreement] should be with the USADA contract or the main contract. What do you have to lose or gain in that argument? It's a simple thing -- if you fail, you pay the other guy $5 million. The issue is simple -- are you willing to agree to a penalty of $5 million? The drug-testing terms and any penalty, that's between the fighters not the promoters.
"We have no recourse. We can't force Floyd into something. But we gave them an opportunity to put their money where their mouth is and they wouldn't. I won't speculate why. To me there is no legitimate argument. We know we're clean. That's why Manny said they would pay $5 million if they tested dirty. Manny was surprised [Mayweather refused]. They can't figure out why they wouldn't agree to it when Floyd is always talking about cleaning up the sport of boxing."
Added Ellerbe: "If Manny Pacquiao tested positive, it is going to cost them a whole lot more than $5 million. All parties signed a contract agreeing to every term. Where has this idiot Koncz been? It sounds like they didn't read the documents they signed. No wonder why their fighter is always confused. It sounds like that idiot is suggesting there's a $5 million price tag if Manny comes up positive. That sounds suspicious. All I know is we welcome random testing as we always have."
Koncz said Pacquiao, who is training at trainer Freddie Roach's Wild Card Boxing Club in Hollywood, California, has so far submitted to two random tests by USADA.
Ellerbe said they were unsure how many times Mayweather has been tested but said they have seen the specimen collectors around Mayweather's Las Vegas gym "three or four times" since they began training for the fight.
Cimetière de Montmartre, in Paris' 18th arrondissement, did not have the most glamorous or auspicious of beginnings. It was originally a gypsum quarry, situated outside of the city walls, and after the quarry was abandoned, a section of it was used as a mass grave during the turbulent years of the 1790s. Yet this rather grim location was over time transformed, and it is now a peaceful haven where thousands of Parisians lie at rest beneath beautiful memorials.
Montmartre was the first Parisian cemetery I visited on a recent trip, fresh off the Eurostar and perked up on strong coffee after an early start to the day. Its location in an abandoned quarry means that the cemetery is several metres below street level, and it is crossed by the Rue de Caulaincourt, which leaps over the cemetery on a massive metal bridge which was constructed in the 1880s. On either side of the bridge, tombs and gravestones are visible – the bridge carries the living over a city of the dead. Visitors must descend a flight of steps to find the cemetery's entrance on Avenue Rachel.
The cemetery's original name was la Cimetière des Grandes Carrières – Cemetery of the Large Quarries – a nod to the site's original use. The quarrying of gypsum had been taking place in the Montmartre area since the medieval period – stucco is sometimes called “plaster of Paris” due to gypsum being one of its main ingredients. The old quarry that became Montmartre Cemetery is not the only mining site to become a resting place for Paris' dead – the city's famous catacombs, where the bones of over six million Parisians are stored in a vast subterranean ossuary, were once limestone mines.
The cemetery was officially opened in January 1825, the last of four cemeteries opened on the edges of the city in the early part of the 19th Century. At the time the cemetery opened, the district of Montmartre was still officially outside the city limits of Paris, only being incorporated as the 18th arrondissement in 1860. The closure of the ancient burial grounds within the city walls at the end of the 18th Century – most famously including the clearing of the grossly overcrowded Cimetière des Saints-Innocents – had led to a demand for decent, affordable cemeteries for Paris' dead. Along with the cemeteries of Passy, Montparnasse and the world-famous Père Lachaise, Montmartre's cemetery was able to provide a dignified final resting place for residents of the surrounding districts.
The entrance to the cemetery is under the bridge that carries the Rue de Caulaincourt over the site, and visitors are greeted with a slightly strange scene – grand tombs nestled beneath the iron struts and pillars of the bridge.
Once out of the shadows cast by the bridge, the path between the tombs widens out into a broad circle, around which many grand memorials are situated. One of the most famous of these is the grave of the Zola family, with its bust of author Émile Zola. Zola was a celebrated novelist and journalist who is most famous for their 1898 “J'accuse…!” headline published during the Dreyfus Affair, the long-running scandal of a French-Jewish officer who was falsely accused and convicted of treason, despite there being no evidence to prove their guilt. Zola's challenges to the French media's antisemitism helped to gain support for Dreyfus, who was eventually pardoned. Zola's death in 1902 from carbon monoxide poisoning has long been rumoured to have been murder due to their involvement in the Dreyfus Affair. Although in 1908 Zola's remains were moved to the Panthéon, where many illustrious French cultural and political figures are commemorated, their family members remain in their original grave at Montmartre.
Montmartre Cemetery incorporates all sorts of artistic and funerary styles, from plain headstones to grand monuments adorned with fin de siècle or art nouveau flourishes, but the most prevalent type of memorial is the little mausoleum, about the size of a phone box, which typically includes space inside for memorial tablets, flowers and perhaps religious items. They function as tiny private chapels, sometimes commemorating several generations of the same family.
There are some incredibly beautiful statues and sculptures to be found at Montmartre. Albert Bartholomé, the artist and sculptor whose masterpiece is the wonderful Monument aux Morts at Père Lachaise, sculpted some of the memorials at Montmartre, mournful figures with gracefully draped clothing. Two of their works are pictured below, and they are easily as beautiful as the many Bartholomé creations found in museums today.
The Egyptian Revival, which was also popular in Britain and America in the early decades of the 19th Century, is also represented at Montmartre. Two figures in distinctive ancient Egyptian headdresses flank the iron door of an old mausoleum.
The late 19th Century ushered in Paris' Belle Époque (“beautiful era”), and many artists, writers and musicians gathered in Montmartre, with some of them later being laid to rest in Cimetière de Montmartre or the nearby Cimetière Saint-Vincent. One of the many artistic figures buried at Montmartre is Edgar Degas (1834-1917), most famous for their paintings of ballerinas and ordinary Parisians.
Vaslav Nijinsky was one of the most celebrated male dancers of the early 20th Century. Russian by birth, they danced for the Imperial Ballet in St Petersburg before joining the Ballets Russes in 1909. As well as their expressive and intense performances as a dancer, they were also a gifted choreographer, famous for original and provocative dances. They were dismissed from the Ballets Russes in 1913 after their marriage to Romola de Pulszky caused a permanent rift with Ballets Russes founder Sergei Diaghilev, who had been Nijinsky's lover. The First World War saw Nijinsky held under house arrest for a time in Hungary, and after the war their mental health declined alarmingly. Tragically, they were to spend most of the last 30 years of their life in psychiatric institutions – they never danced again in public, dying in London in 1950. They were originally buried in London, but in 1953 their remains were moved to Montmartre and dancer Serge Lifar donated the statue of Nijinsky as the puppet Petrushka that now adorns theirs grave.
The images on the grave of Ambroise Louis Garnery give the visitor a glimpse into what was quite an extraordinary and rather dramatic life. They were a gifted painter and writer, and also served as a corsair, a privateer authorised by the French government to attack the ships of nations at war with France. They served under the famous corsairs Jean-Marie Dutertre and Robert Surcouf, and after being captured in 1806 they were held as a prisoner in England for eight years. During this time, they were able to improve their life behind bars by selling their paintings. They later became an official painter of the French Navy and produced many paintings of ships and maritime scenes. They also published memoirs of their life as a corsair, which made them famous after their death in 1857.
As well as being the resting place of many great figures of the arts, Montmartre is home to one of France's most famous scientists – Léon Foucault. Foucault is best known for their demonstration of the Foucault pendulum, which provided proof of the earth's rotation. The most famous Foucault pendulum can still be seen today in the Paris Panthéon.
Unlike many large British cemeteries, where different sections – some consecrated, others unconsecrated – catered for adherents of different religions and denominations, people of all faiths and none rest alongside each other at Montmartre. Although one section in particular is dominated by Jewish graves, there appears to be no strict segregation along religious lines. Despite the overall secular nature of the cemetery, though, many individual graves incorporate religious symbolism that reflects the faith of the people they commemorate.
The pictures included in this article are only a small fraction of those I took during my visit to Montmatre cemetery – there are over 20,000 burial plots on the site, and so many beautiful and meaningful memorials. Although my French isn't good enough for me to be able to understand much of what was written in the inscriptions, many of the symbols used on the graves were familiar to me – as well as overtly religious symbols, familiar signifiers of death such as the winged hourglass and the downturned torch were present on many memorials.
The memorials at Montmartre are of all ages, some almost 200 years old, others modern. Mourners often leave ceramic wreaths and crosses on graves, items that last much longer than flowers. The cemetery is beautifully kept, with few signs of vandalism and most monuments looking fairly intact and safe. Perhaps the preference for the little mausolea and flat tombstones has helped – these monuments don't topple as easily as the headstones that are more popular in British cemeteries.
I spent a fascinating morning exploring this beautiful cemetery, and although not as famous as Père Lachaise (which Flickering Lamps will be visiting in an upcoming article), it is still popular with tourists for the many beautiful memorials it contains and the insights it provides into the lives of those who have lived and died in Paris over the last two centuries. The cemetery is open daily, and visitors can pick up a map of the cemetery from the entrance lodge.
References and further reading
Montmartre Cemetery in Paris, France http://www.ila-chateau.com/paris/montmartre-cemetery.htm
Montmartre Cemetery – Atlas Obscura http://www.atlasobscura.com/places/montmartre-cemetery
Legendary Vaslav Nijinsky – Russian Ballet History http://www.russianballethistory.com/nijinskythelegend.htm
Corsair, Painter, Writier: Ambroise Louis Garnerey – Patrick von Stutenzee's History Blog http://stutenzeehistoryblog.blogspot.co.uk/2012/11/corsair-painter-writer-ambroise-louis.html
The Comcast and Time Warner merger debate has just kicked into overdrive. The Verge is reporting that Comcast had authored letters that local and state politicians were to submit to the FCC in support of the merger between Comcast and Time Warner. Some politicians were even reported signing and send said email, word for word, straight to the FCC. These letters describe how Comcast was providing excellent service in their area and that they have engaged in civic activities and charities. These letters paint a flowery image that only corporate might, money, and writers can give.
It is clear by these tactics that Comcast is willing to pull out all the cards to make this deal happen. One such person to whom Comcast sent a letter was Oregon's Secretary of State, Kate Brown. They also contributed $10,000 to their campaign efforts. Oregon Secretary of State Brown's letter that was sent to the FCC is almost identical to the letter that Comcast sent them
So why does all this matter? Well, ghostwriting lettered responses is nothing new. It is used by many different lobbying groups, charity groups, and political groups of all kinds to assist in ensuring that whatever it is that they wish to convey to the government is worded correctly and concisely. In all fairness, these people did choose to send the letters, and at least by the looks of it, Comcast in no way used coercion or any other nefarious means to urge these officials to send these letters to the FCC. What does matter is that these officials appear to be blindly following Comcast's word on this merger. If they need a corporation to write a letter, then they obviously lack the intelligence to understand something as complex and important as this merger. This merger will do more to damage consumers, and threaten Net Neutrality as a whole. Giving a corporation this much power and control over so many consumers is asinine at best. This stifles competition, kills innovation and can have huge repercussions for consumers when Comcast can simply redirect or block altogether certain websites. All you have to do is pony up the cash and your website will run faster, enable you to do more and reach more people than the other guy who cannot afford special privilege.
The FCC and the Department of Justice or DoJ are taking this merger seriously. These letters will certainly have an effect on the FCC and its decision. It is important to keep in mind that when one company owns so much of one thing (this merger will give them access to almost 2/3 of consumers) they get to set the rules. It is no secret that Comcast is against Net Neutrality. The ability to make "toll roads" on the internet to the highest bidder will provide a huge cash cow for Comcast to milk. The only real competition to this merger would be Verizon FIOS. No competition, no need to worry about price, speeds, or anything else as the American consumer would have few, if any, alternatives. I guess freedom of choice in the United States of America is not important to some officials. The FCC operates outside most government control. They have the ability to choose to allow this merger or to prevent it. Comcast is spending lots of money and apparently acquiring politicians to ensure this deal passes.
I am not writing this to bash Comcast. Comcast has done a lot to progress high-speed internet and entertainment services across the country. They do give to various charities and engage in civic events to help their communities. They employ thousands of people in this country and provide services to those who need them at low cost (if you qualify). What I am saying is that we need competition. Competition spurs innovation, keeps prices in check, and keeps the internet open and free for everyone to enjoy. Perhaps Comcast would do well to stop thinking of the bottom line and think of their customers and the internet and entertainment sector as a whole. There is plenty of room to make money while keeping the flow of traffic equal for everyone. Let's hope the FCC will at least see things this way and keep the highway open. What are your thoughts? Were these dirty tactics by Comcast or just smart business? Let us know what you think in the comment section below.
‘The logic of the Culture Wars has been exhausted. The metaphor has run its course.' (1) So concluded historian Andrew Hartman in their magisterial study, A War for the Soul of America: A History of the Culture Wars . When the book was published, in Spring 2015, it was not an unusual opinion. Others, too, argued that this decades-old conflict between imperiled social conservatives and emboldened progressives, between those who feared the dissolution of traditional family life, the degradation of Christian values and the undermining of the work ethic, and those who support abortion, sexual liberation and the ever-increasing panoply of so-called progressive causes, had well and truly run its course. The arguments had lost their force, the combatants their energy, the issues their pique. Who now, outside the batty fringes of evangelical Christianity and those clinging desperately to their guns, disagreed with the progressive consensus?, asked the victors. The Supreme Court decision in 2015 to legalise same-sex marriage across the US was merely the long-awaited coda to the Culture Wars, proof, if any were needed, that the progressives had vanquished their worn-out opponents.
No, culture wars are proliferating, entrenching, deepening, because, over the past half century, the cultural domain has been thoroughly politicised. And with culture now established as the main site of political conflict, what was once largely private is now unquestionably public. In other words, the different ways in which people live their lives, indeed express themselves – their consumption habits, their leisure pursuits, their intimate relationships, their idiolects – have become matters of public contestation, issues to be fought over and legislated on. The historical shift is marked. Political battles are no longer fought over people's ability to buy food – they're fought over what and how people eat; they're no longer fought over equal rights – they're fought over people's ‘unwitting' attitudes to difference; they're no longer fought over the organisation of the economy – they're fought over people's economic behaviour, be it the greed of bankers or the avarice of business people. Political economy has been eclipsed by cultural politics.
But, today, that seems like a premature conclusion. And that's not just because Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has gained popular traction among white working-class America, galvanising a socially conservative opposition to almost everything the Culture Wars' supposed victors deem as progressive causes today. Nor is it a premature conclusion simply because it's clear that culture wars are now being fought with equal zeal throughout Western society, from the working-class revolt of Brexit, rich as it was in profound cultural antagonism, to the simmering anti-establishment discontent now turning Europe into tribes of the ‘left behind' vs their affluent, ostentatiously cosmopolitan, Brussels-leaning superiors.
The development of the idea of culture, its semantic revolution and expansion, sheds light on this shift. As Raymond Williams notes in Culture and Society (1958), prior to the Industrial Revolution, the word ‘culture' meant little more than the ‘tending of natural growth' and then, by analogy, human training. German Enlightenment thinkers developed a stronger version of this idea of self-cultivation, Bildung . But during the 19th century, initially in Romantic opposition to, and mainly as a legitimating complement to, emergent industrial capitalism, the meaning of culture broadened and deepened. It started to denote a body of art and literature in general, and, more importantly, it started to be treated as the repository of the humanity – the values and meaning – that the social relations and social activity in capitalist society, from Thomas Carlyle's ‘cash nexus' to Matthew Arnold's ‘business concerns', appeared to lack. As Arnold themselves put it in Culture and Anarchy (1869): ‘Culture, which is the study of perfection [or, as Arnold famously puts it elsewhere, the study of “the best which has been thought and said in the world”: TB], leads us… to conceive of true human perfection, developing all sides of our humanity; and as a general perfection, developing all sides of our humanity; and as a general perfection, developing all parts of our society.' (2)
Why has this happened? Why is politics today so completely culturalised? Why are conflicts that might once have been fought out in terms of economics, over, say, the distribution of the social product, now fought out in terms of culture, in terms, that is, of people's beliefs and attitudes, their sense of who they are, their identities?
But the ability to articulate this ideal of culture, a universal process of cultivating everyone's best self according to a common human inheritance, rests not only on the elite's self-confidence, but on its correlate, too: a ruling consensus as to what is ‘the best which has been thought and said' – what it is that society ought to value. It rests, in other words, on a strong sense of cultural and social authority, and its intellectual foundation in Enlightenment thought. And it's precisely the slow, almost imperceptible, but no less profound decomposition of cultural and social authority, and the retreat from Enlightenment thought, during the latter half of the 19th century – with the spectre of socialism and communism proving all too haunting – that transforms the post-19th-century meaning of culture. Culture preserves its newly broadened sense as the process by which everyone is cultivated in a body of values, meanings and so on, but it ceases to be an idea of what is best, of what ought to give meaning to all people, a universal repository of value. Instead, it becomes descriptive, anthropological and plural, as just the set of meanings and values held by a particular group of people in a particular setting. Indeed, so value-free is ‘culture' today that there's little that we do that is not deemed cultural. Hence, while a few unabashed snobs still talk of ‘high culture', many more talks of ‘black culture', ‘trans culture', even ‘office culture'.
The conceptual groundwork for this transformation was being laid at the same time as Culture and Anarchy was making an impact. In Primitive Culture (1871), EB Tylor began to purge culture of its normative dimension. Culture was less a principle and more a catch-all for a particular society's way of life, or, as Tylor put it, the name given to a ‘complex whole which includes knowledge, belief, art, law, moral, customs and any other capabilities and habits acquired by man as a member of society'. By the time of Ruth Benedict's Patterns of Culture (1934) – a study of three separate tribes of South American Indians – Benedict was comfortable asserting that which would have been anathema to Arnold, ‘the relativity of cultures'. Over the next few decades, the anthropologisation of culture continued apace, culminating in Clifford Geertz's Interpretations of Cultures (1973), which defined cultures as ‘webs of significance', ‘system[s] of symbols and meanings', that people use to impose order on, and to give meaning to, the social world. Culture had long ceased to be a judgement on how people are in the name of how they ought to be, as it was in Arnold – it is just how people live.
In the development of the idea of culture, from a universal sphere of value to which all ought to aspire, to a particular way in which a particular community lives and interprets the world, one can clearly see the relativisation of culture, indeed cultures. It wasn't one-way traffic, of course. Interwar poets and writers, such as TS Eliot or EM Forster, still worked with the Arnoldian ideal of culture, but this was largely a rearguard action. A sense of cultural loss, not confidence, marked the writers and, to use DH Lawrence's pejorative, Kulturträger of the interwar years. As they saw it, the wasteland was upon them.
In a sense, many of the literary and artistic modernists of the interwar years were before their time. They were the canaries in the mine, the snobs in retreat. In their disillusionment, in their palpable sense of loss, they registered something profoundly important: the disintegration of social and cultural authority (albeit as a crisis of tradition). This is what was to explode across Western society during the Sixties, as a contest for cultural and social authority, a contest over the values and meanings that society ought to hold, a contest between the square 1950s and the counterculture, between the old politics and the New Left. And this is what is key about the relativisation of culture, its transformation into little more than anthropological shorthand for what certain people from a certain background in a certain place do and believe. Looked at as a relationship between different communities, different nations, different tribes, each with their culture, it's possible to believe that this relativity of cultures results in live-and-let-live pluralism. But when those different cultures exist within a society, within a community, within a nation, the relativity starts to generate friction. That is, cultural relativism is in fact a cultural conflict, a conflict between, as Raymond Williams put it, whole ways of life. And it's a conflict that has become more and more inflamed, not only in the absence of cultural and social authority, but in the subsequent battle for cultural and social authority, a battle to (re-)establish a particular way of life, a particular set of values, as dominant.
Pierre Bourdieu's masterwork Distinction is important here. Published in 1979, it is, as they call it, ‘a sort of ethnography of France' based on fieldwork carried out during the mid-1960s. Its aim is to reveal not only the class bases for differences in ‘taste', but to show how these differences in taste are part of a class-based struggle for status or ‘distinction'. Now there's little doubt it is a brilliant work of sociological demystification. Through Immanuel Kant's classifications of judgement – of, effectively, good and bad taste – Bourdieu is able to discern classes of people. They then broadens it out to establish the relationship between the ‘universe of economic and social conditions' and ‘the universe of lifestyles'. They then switches the relationship around, showing how a hierarchy of taste and lifestyles legitimates a hierarchy of social classes.
The long-extant hierarchy of taste and lifestyle was, thanks to the postwar decomposition of social and political authority, becoming an open struggle at the time Bourdieu was researching and writing. And this is where Bourdieu proves particularly insightful.  They are able to see the conflict seething beneath the cultural surface.  They are able to glimpse what happens when social conflict is fought out in terms of lifestyle, of taste, in terms of competing ‘arts of living'. It is experienced as an attack on people themselves, on the entirety of their being, their values, their viewpoints, their beliefs. ‘In matters of taste, more than anywhere else', writes Bourdieu, ‘all determination is negation; and tastes are perhaps first and foremost distastes, disgust provoked by horror or visceral intolerance (“sick-making”) of the tastes of others.' They continue: ‘Aesthetic intolerance can be terribly violent. Aversion to different lifestyles is perhaps one of the strongest barriers between classes: class endogamy is evidence of this. The most intolerable thing for those who regard themselves as the possessors of legitimate culture is the sacrilegious reuniting of tastes which taste dictates shall be separate… At stake in every struggle over art there is also the imposition of an art of living, that is, the transmutation of an arbitrary way of living into the legitimate way of life which casts every other way of living into arbitrariness.'
The aestheticisation of politics
With the ebb of the Cold War, and, with it, the disappearance of the West's moral and political authority, complete with feel-good sloganeering about freedom and democracy, that came with opposing the Soviet Union, the already politicised domain of culture – segregated, relativised and antagonised – became the site of an even more intense struggle. In the US, of course, the 1992 presidential election brought many of these trends to the fore, with debates focused on Hillary Clinton denigrating stay-at-home mums who ‘bake cookies', independent candidate Ross Perot calling a black audience ‘you people', and Bill Clinton's evasion of Vietnam War service. Bill's attempt to de-culturalise the debate with their infamous declamation, ‘It's the economy, stupid', was to no avail – after all, the economic debate was over. There Is No Alternative. Instead, as Patrick Buchanan put it in the run-up to the 1992 Republican National Convention, all sides were engaged in ‘a war for the soul of America… [a war] about who we are, about what we believe… about the Judaeo-Christian values and beliefs upon which this nation was built'.
You may have been using turmeric for a long time, or you may be new to its benefits and uses. You may already know that turmeric is especially known for its ability to help alleviate pain and boost the immune system, but wherever you stand on turmeric, making a delicious tea is one of the most favored ways to get more turmeric into your body.
Taken regularly, turmeric tea will help reduce chronic or low level inflammation caused by oxidized lipoproteins, uric acid, glycation, elevated blood sugar, and the general metabolism that is a continual process in the body.
Chronic inflammation puts you at risk for all sorts of health issues, diseases, and the accompanying pain. The curcuminoids in just one cup of turmeric tea taken daily will modulate several pathways that contribute to inflammatory processes.
Besides its other health-edifying and antioxidant qualities, turmeric tea has the added benefit of potentially boosting weight loss. So drink up!
How to Prepare Basic Turmeric Tea
Turmeric tea is not actually a tea because it's not made from the leaves or buds of the Camellia sinensis plant. It's an infusion in which boiling water is poured over the turmeric (fresh or dried) and allowed to steep for 7-10 minutes. The hot water renders the nutritional properties from the root and provides many more times the benefits of traditional tea.
Note: If you are trying to alleviate severe chronic pain due to inflammation, use a standardized turmeric extract that includes high amounts of curcumin instead of fresh turmeric, which contains only about 3% by weight. Add a bit of black pepper to enhance absorption.
Curcumin is also fat soluble, so enjoy some healthy fat along with your tea (for example, avocado, banana, olive oil, nut oils, or coconut), or simply add whole fat milk or a fermented milk product such as kefir. Many people like to add a pat of pure pastured butter to their turmeric tea. This makes a flavorful, rich hot drink!
You will need:
1/2 cup dried or fresh turmeric, grated
Boiling water
A 1-quart jar with a tightly fitting lid, sanitized
Directions
Place the turmeric in the jar and pour the boiling water over the turmeric to the top of the jar. Cover the jar loosely with the lid until the infusion has cooled a bit, then tighten the lid.
Let the infusion steep for 4-10 hours, then strain. You can make the infusion at night so it's ready in the morning! Store in the refrigerator and discard after 3 days, or use any leftover to make turmeric milk or paste, or use it in soup.
Note: Before filling the jar with boiling water, temper the glass by adding about 1 inch of water first and swirling it around so the glass heats up slowly.
You can add as many of the following ingredients as you like to make a delicious turmeric chai:
Black pepper (aids bioavailability)
Honey
Cardamom
Ginger
Nutmeg
Cinnamon
Cloves
Molasses
Milk
Coconut sugar
Butter
How to Prepare Basic Turmeric Milk
You will need:
1/2-1 inch piece of turmeric, grated
8 ounces of organic or pastured milk
Ginger (optional)
You can use any type of milk: soy, coconut, almond, rice, or any other type.
Directions:
Place milk and turmeric in a saucepan on medium low heat and bring to just before the boiling point. You don't want to scald the milk.
Strain the milk into a mug and allow cooling slightly to drinking temperature.
To use as a facial wash, soak a clean washcloth in the mixture and apply to the skin. Let it sit for about 10 minutes, then rinse with cool water.
Recipe 2: Golden Milk
You will need:
2 cups milk, any type
1 tsp turmeric powder
1/2 tsp cinnamon
1 tsp honey, raw unheated, unfiltered
Pinch freshly ground black pepper
1/4 tsp ginger powder or freshly grated ginger root
Pinch cayenne pepper (optional)
1/4 tsp. cardamom (optional)
1 pat butter (optional)
Directions
Blend all ingredients in a high-speed blender until smooth, then pour into a saucepan and warm slowly over medium-low heat for 3-5 minutes. Do not boil.
Pour into a mug and enjoy immediately!
Turmeric Tea for Weight Loss
How does turmeric tea work to boost weight loss? Simple. Excess weight creates chronic or low-grade inflammation. This is like a continual fire in the cells. Because of its strong anti-inflammatory properties, it can help diminish excess weight-related inflammation and boost fat burning by suppressing the inflammation messages cells receive. By changing the way fat, muscle, pancreatic and other cells receive these messages, curcumin can help curb insulin resistance, high blood sugar and other metabolic conditions that are the result of obesity. When your body isn't fighting inflammation, it functions properly and you'll begin to lose weight.
Recommended dosage:
Drink 2-3 cups of turmeric tea daily, either hot or cold. For this application, it's recommended you use curcumin extract to make your tea.
Prepare your tea by pouring boiling water over 1 teaspoon of curcumin extract per cup of tea, then add you favorite ingredients such as honey or milk. You do not need to let the tea steep.
Please note that taking turmeric drinks should not be expected to act as a stand-alone remedy for weight loss. A balanced healthy diet and daily movement will go a long way to helping you regain your natural weight.
Precautions
Although there is no real evidence that turmeric or curcumin is harmful during pregnancy, it's best to check with your doctor or midwife if you're pregnant.
Turmeric can stain clothes, counter tops and skin, so use caution when preparing your teas and drinks.
A federal court wants the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) to report, with “precision and specificity,” how it plans to take a key step in implementing a 2015 smog pollution rule.
The demand from the Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit came after the EPA said in November which areas of the country comply with the regulation, but refused to say which areas do not comply.
Both kinds of designations were due Oct. 1, two years after the Obama administration finalized its major ground-level ozone rule. Environmentalists and Democratic states have sued the EPA to force the declarations known as “nonattainment” designations.
ADVERTISEMENT
The order late Tuesday from a three-judge panel of the federal court mandated that the EPA file a report by Jan. 12 “identifying with precision and specificity when it plans to file a final rule establishing air quality designations for the 2015 ozone national ambient air quality standards for those areas in the United States that remain undesignated.”
EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt Edward (Scott) Scott PruittEPA knows this pesticide is dangerous, so why did it reverse the ban? Archives investigation finds no ‘secret' Pruitt calendars existed California has sued the Trump administration 46 times. Here are the lawsuits MORE opposed the regulation in their previous job as Oklahoma's Republican attorney general and sued to stop it.
Earlier this year, Pruitt attempted to delay by one year the compliance designations. Facing lawsuits, they walked that back. But they still haven't said which areas don't comply.
“In the spirit of cooperative federalism, EPA will continue to work with states and the public to help areas with underlying technical issues, disputed designations, and/or insufficient information,” the EPA said in November. “Additionally, EPA modeling, state agency comments, and peer-reviewed science indicate international emissions and background ozone can contribute significantly to areas meeting attainment thresholds. The agency intends to address these areas in a separate future action.”
In nonattainment areas, states must write plans to reduce ozone pollution. Since most ground-level ozone is a byproduct of burning fossil fuels, those plans would likely seek to restrict fossil fuel use.
It's a powerful moment for virtual reality, one that repeats itself after every death as I respawn onto the battlefield. It's a feeling that has yet to lose its luster, thankfully, because I find myself dying quite a lot. You will, too, probably.
The most defining moment in EVE: Valkyrie — and by extension the Oculus Rift itself — happens just before I play my first round. Strapped in and waiting to enter the fight, I calmly look around and appreciate every detail of my craft: disarmingly small and very utilitarian, built with a clear purpose in mind and every other expense spared. Then the track beneath me lights up, and I feel a real sense of speed as I shoot like a bullet into the vastness of space. Instantaneously, the micro becomes the macro, and I can't help but feel a sense of insignificance to whatever towering structure is floating in front of me, and whatever nearby planet is obscuring the stars.
The Oculus Rift is launching this week with a few dozen games and experiences, but none are anywhere near as important as EVE: Valkyrie. CCP's multiplayer space-fighting game is a visually impressive spectacle whose development has operated in tandem with the Oculus and the Rift. The big question for so many VR titles is: what's the benefit of playing the game in headset vs. a traditional "flatscreen"? EVE: Valkyrie comes the closest to an answer: as traditional as it may feel, I cannot imagine playing the game in anything other than VR.
Field of view is a technical way to say everything you can see at a given moment, and in virtual reality, being able to look around is crucial. EVE: Valkyrie is at all times a first-person experience; you are a pilot in a small fighter craft. You and a handful of squadmates are sent to some derelict location to shoot up a different squad of space pilots. There's so much going on, so many things whizzing by you, that you benefit from being able to instinctively look up — not with a joystick, but a tilt of your head — and track an enemy's path. The controls are fairly straightforward, which is good since all I see when looking down is virtual hands working a virtual control panel. The gamepad's joysticks move the ship, agnostic of wherever you're looking. The short-range gun turrets fire straight ahead. The homing missiles lock onto whatever baddie is maintained in your line of sight. Conversely, a countermeasure is available for when an enemy locks onto you (listen for a particular series of beeps; this part becomes very reflexive). There's even a button for highlighting a target, so you can try to keep track of one opponent in particular vs. jumping to and from whatever flies past. I eventually gave up trying to 'right' my perspective and just adapted to chaos There's a rhythm to EVE: Valkyrie, a constant pull between moments of calm and intensity. There are times when I felt miles away from the action, my opponents just blips circling through space debris. Seconds later I'm smack dab in the middle of the fight, twisting and turning (both in-game and literally in my chair) to try and get a lock on someone while simultaneously hoping no one targets me. For the first hour, I had a feeling in my stomach as I pulled more jarring moves like maneuvering through old construction or hiding behind an asteroid, but eventually I adapted to the chaos. The levels you play don't have a strong sense of what's up or down, so I eventually stopped worrying about "righting" my perspective.
Everything about EVE: Valkyrie is built with VR in mind, from the credits that float through the intro level to the menu system that's mocked up as a hologram interface. Even the game's premise feels like a nod to the Oculus: a pilot whose body rests in a room of fellow headset-clad squadmates, your consciousness transferring from one doomed clone pilot to another. Or something like that, it's all a bit hazy and ultimately inconsequential. There's a campaign you can play that lets you roam around the levels and find audio clips that provide a backstory, but the point of the game isn't narrative discovery; it's a chance to be a fighter pilot in space. Death, be not proud. Or permanent The game itself is constructed with the traditional gamer in mind, the sort of person who doesn't just want a relaxing vacation lightyears from Earth. EVE: Valkyrie is not a forgiving experience. It's a game that'll happily teach you the basic controls and then let you learn the rest through hours of trial and error. There's a lot of level grinding — it took me about four hours to unlock a new ship class (there are three different ship classes in all, each requiring very different playing styles). I swore very loudly to no one in particular when I got caught in someone else's weird laser field of robot spiders (which will take many more hours of grinding to unlock as a weapon of my own). Right now there seems to be only two multiplayer types (deathmatch and capture the base, essentially) and a handful of levels, but CCP plans to "continue to add features to the game long after the Rift hits shelves, at no additional charge."
It's hard for me to say how EVE: Valkyrie will fare over time, as it's a game that will evolve largely based on the community of players — many of whom are only now getting a chance to play for themselves. But as frustrating as it is, I still find myself returning, ready to enjoy that feeling of being jettisoned into battle. It's a visual spectacle — the closest thing to being immersed in Battlestar Galactica or some weird sci-fi sequel to Top Gun. The experience is transportive. It's currently bundled with every Oculus preorder but honestly should never be unbundled. EVE: Valkyrie bridges the gap between familiar gameplay and virtual reality. And while it may not be enough to justify every gamer owning a headset, those who do make the investment will be rewarded with a trip unlike anything on this world.
The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild's Amiibo figures may have had their release date leaked by Nintendo's European websites. Originally spotted by Reddit, we were able to confirm that the UK website displays the March 4 release date in the "Discover more Amiibo" section of the webpage.
The leaked Amiibo release date could suggest that the release date for Breath of the Wild comes before or on the same day as March 4. As it stands, no Amiibo has released before its supported game--though this is not a confirmation of the release date.
This leak could also suggest that this is when the NX releases, though it's not confirmed that both the Wii U and NX version of Breath of the Wild will launch on the same day. We've contacted Nintendo for comment on the situation and will update this article as we hear back.
It's important to note that March 4, 2017, is a Saturday, and the vast majority of Amiibo figures have debuted on Fridays. Saturday is also an irregular day for a game launch, though Nintendo's Wii U did release on November 18, a Sunday, alongside many games.
Nintendo announced earlier this year that the NX would launch in March 2017, with Breath of the Wild coming the same year. It was delayed multiple times and appeared as the only playable Nintendo game at E3 2016. You can read our hands-on impressions of the upcoming Zelda game here. The Breath of the Wild Amiibo figures were revealed in June.
Bloomberg TV interviewed Hong Kong Chief Executive CY Leung today, and asked them the big question on everyone's lips— what will Hong Kong do with NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden?
Leung, effectively the "mayor" of Hong Kong, one of China's two semi-autonomous Special Administrative Regions, didn't have much in the way of answers.
In fact, if there's one takeaway from this interview, it's "no comment."
Here's some of Cy's responses:
On whether Hong Kong will take any action against Edward Snowden:
"I cannot comment on individual cases … We do not comment on any cases of this nature."
On whether they will comply if the U.S. does issue a warrant for their arrest:
"I can only see we follow our policies."
On what are those policies:
"I cannot discuss it. We do not comment on such cases."
On Hong Kong/China being one country, two systems:
"We have a different set of laws in Hong Kong and a different judicial system. That is described in our constitution and I'm not commenting on any individual case."
On Snowden fleeing to Hong Kong because it is traditionally known to be a free-speech place:
"Hong Kong enjoys freedoms in accordance with the law. But again, I'm not commenting on individual cases."
On cooperation with the United States:
"We cooperate in all areas with the United States. Economy, financial services and so on. But I am not commenting on individual cases."
The head of the Swedish police has sparked outrage by expressing sympathy with the teenage asylum seeker accused of murdering social worker Alexander Mezher.
National Police Commissioner Dan Eliasson, who has already admitted police cannot cope with the wave of migrant crime, said they have concerns about the ‘horrors' and trauma the accused murderer may have witnessed.
They said they were ‘distraught' on behalf of Miss Mezher's family but also for the killer, saying: ‘What has that person been through? Under what circumstances have they grown up? What is the trauma they carry?'
It came as court documents showed the boy suspected of the killing is being held in a secure psychiatric that specialises in patients with psychotic illness, drug and alcohol addiction.
Scroll down for video
Controversy: Dan Eliasson, left, said that although they are 'distraught' on behalf of Alexandra Mezher and their family, they also have sympathy at the horrors the 15-year-old Somalian boy may have been through
In an with SVT Mr Eliasson said: 'Well, you are of course distraught on behalf of everyone involved.
'Naturally, for the person killed and their family, but also for a lone young boy who commits such a heinous incident.
'What has that person been through? Under what circumstances have they grown up? What is the trauma they carry?
'This entire migration crisis shows how unfair life is in many parts of the world. We have to try to help solve this best we can.'
MailOnline has contacted Mr Eliasson for further explanation of their comments, but a spokesperson would not reveal where they are.
Their comments sparked angry reactions across social media, with some saying the police chief made them ‘want to vomit'.
Jenny Sundelin wrote on Twitter: ‘I vomit when I see you. You are supposed to be the person most responsible for our safety and you defend those who murder us'
Billy TheBritt added: ‘Does the nerd @dan_eliasson feel sorry for Breivik too? What about the Trollhattan killer? Does Dan's heart bleed for them too?'
Kent Ekeroth, a member of parliament for the anti-immigrant Sweden Democrats tweeted: ‘This is where Dan Eliasson feels sorry for the guy who knifemurdered the woman at the asylum home - resign!'
Eliasson is not the first senior political figure in Sweden to demand compassion for the 15-year-old boy being held on suspicion of murder.
Marie Osth Karlsson, a senior local government commissioner, said: 'I also have to express sympathy for the man behind the crime, there is also a person behind it'
Both Eliasson and Osth Karlsson belong to the ruling Social Democrat party, which has been criticised in the past year for its handling of the migrant crisis.
Anger: Mr Eliasson's sympathy for Miss Mezher's alleged killer sparked outraged from those on social media
Tragedy: Alexandra Mezher, pictured right with their best friend Lejla Filipovic at their high school graduation in 2012, died after being stabbed at their place of work - a care home for unaccompanied child refugees
Inspirational: Dedicated Miss Mezher, who was planning on going back to university to do a masters, had been working with refugee children at the centre (pictured) since last autumn
Unknown: Court documents filed in Gothenburg today show that police do not know the true identity of the alleged killer, who has claimed they are a 15-year-old from Somalia
Their comments follow the release of court documents which show murder detectives do not know the true identity of the Somali boy who allegedly stabbed to death Miss Mezher.
Reports suggested the boy was 15 and living in a child migrant centre in Molndal where Miss Mezher worked.
But next to the suspect's name are the words 'ID ej styrkt', meaning 'ID not proven'.
It means the boy had nothing to prove their identity when they arrived in Sweden – and that they could be 18 or even older.
A police spokesperson in Gothenburg yesterday told MailOnline: 'We are not 100% sure about the boys identity. But we do have a good picture and will find that out eventually.
'This is usually the case with unaccompanied refugee children. It is hard to establish if their identity is true or not.'
The boy has been charged with murder and attempted murder.
 They are being held at the high security psychiatric clinic at Sahlgrenska University Hospital is run by the Swedish NHS called Landstinget.
The prosecutor said there are 'exceptional grounds' to detain the suspect as they will attempt to destroy evidence and flee the country.
Murdered: Miss Mezher (right) was stabbed in the back and thigh while working a night shift alone at the centre for migrant children in Molndal, Gothenburg, A Somali boy, 15, is being held at a psychiatric unit
Full of life: Miss Mezher (pictured second from left) had only worked at the child migrant centre since the autumn. They were stabbed to death on Monday at 8am
Search: Detectives were at the migrant centre which houses children aged 14-17 searching for clues. Police today praised two hero teenagers who held the knifeman down until they arrived
Tribute: Alexandra's mother wept bitterly as they remembered their 'angel' daughter at memorial service today
Controversial police chief Eliasson, 54, has held several senior positions within the Swedish justice system.
After completing a law degree, and studying European Integration in Amsterdam, they went on to work on for the Swedish government both in the Foreign office and the Justice department.
They have since served in a number of positions, including acting head of the Swedish Security Service and the Ministry of Justice Chief of International Affairs.
A former lawyer, they were Director-General of the Swedish Migration Agency, from which they resigned in 2011, just before the migration crisis started.
They became the Director-General of the Swedish Social Insurance Agency, the government agency for welfare benefits.
However, long before they embarked on a career in law and politics, they were a passionate musician.
In the late 1970s they were in a punk group called 'Bad Boo Band', who sang 'Knulla i Bankok' (F*** in Bankok), criticising Thailand's sex tourism.
Earlier this week, Eliasson demanded 4,100 more police officers as Sweden struggles to cope with the new wave of migrant related crime.
They said: 'We are forced to respond to many disturbances in asylum reception centres. In some places, this takes significant police resources.
'This was not the case six months ago and it means that we won't be able to respond as effectively in other areas.'
Miss Mezher's friends and family gathered at a memorial service today in their hometown of Boras, 40 miles east of Gothenburg.
The psychology graduate, whose parents fled Beirut more than 25 years ago, was stabbed in the back and thigh on Monday in a block of flats housing ten youths aged 14 to 17.
Them mother wept bitterly as they remembered their 'angel' daughter.
Dressed entirely in black, Chiméne Mezher, 42, repeatedly broke down as they told mourners of their 'utter devastation'.
A hundred friends and family came together in grief at a local church and cried for Alexandra.
They hugged each other as they gathered around a table with candles and a single framed photograph‎ showing Alexandra wearing a mortarboard hat on their graduation day - the proudest moment of their mother's life.
Grief-stricken friends brought pink and white roses, Alexandra's favourite flowers.
Hardworking: Psychology graduate Miss Mezher who was a Lebanese Christian whose parents were from Beirut, was today described by their mother Chiméne as an 'angel'
Poignant: Miss Mezher, a Lebanese Christian, had posted a number 'inspirational quotes' on Facebook confirming their faith
Questioning: A boy, 15, living at the centre, from Somalia, is being questioned by detectives on suspicion of murder. Police have cordoned off the centre as forensics investigate
‎The service at Korskyrkan‎ church in Boras, was organised by Alexandra's best friend Lejla Filipovic, 22, who said: 'Everyone is in such shock.
'The grief is still very raw. This is just a small service for family and close friends.
'‎We would like people to see the photo of Alexandra and the flowers, but we do not want there to be photos of their mother and the people crying.'
Yesterday, Mrs Mezher, said: 'We left Lebanon to escape the civil war, the violence and the danger. We came to Sweden where it was safe, to start our family. But it is not safe any more.
SWEDISH LEGAL PROCESS: WHAT HAPPENS NEXT The prosecutor needs to file an application to the district court within 48 hours after a criminal has been arrested. The application is an appeal to the court to hear whether there are legal grounds to keep the criminal in custody. In this case the boy was arrested early on Monday morning, but the system works slowly so they were not formally arrested until Monday night. This document is a public document with the indicted persons name attached to it. The only reason a prosecutor can use to make this document secret is if the crime involves matters of National Security or Terrorism. There have been a few exceptions over the years when the district court has kept the criminals name a secret. Those cases are usually when there has been a police officer working undercover involved. It is for the indicted persons own security. After the prosecutor has sent this application they or they will appear in court with the indicted person who also has a lawyer who speaks ion their behalf. A judge will then rule if the criminal is to remain in custody or be released. These hearings usually take around five minutes and are open for members of the public and pres to watch.
'And I just want to know why… why Alexandra? They wanted to help them, but they did this. I just want answers.'
Them husband Bourous, 45, moved to Sweden from Beirut in 1989 and built up a pizza business. Mrs Mezher, who has three sons, said: 'She was not just my daughter, they were my angel. They were a just and fair human being. There were so many who loved them They were my daughter, my friend.'
They blamed Swedish politicians for a dramatic rise in immigration in Molndal, a suburb of Gothenburg, where a population of 60,000 has grown by 8,000 migrants in less than a year – 4,000 of whom are unaccompanied children.
Officers in Molndal say they have had to ignore lesser offences such as drug-dealing because they are so overrun by migrant crime, with gang fights and violent assaults.
And in capital Stockholm police this week warned that the capital's main train station was 'overrun' by gangs of Moroccan street children 'stealing and groping girls'.
Swedish police revealed they have sent plain-clothes officers to monitor swimming baths in Stockholm after increased reports of sexual harassment of girls and women.
Last night it was also claimed police had been forced to flee after being attacked by a mob of asylum seekers as they tried to relocate a ten-year-old boy amid allegations they had been 'raped repeatedly' at a refugee centre.
Miss Mezher had been working at the housing block since September.
Despite rules that staff should work in pairs, they had reportedly worked alone overnight and was attacked half an hour before their shift was due to end.
'Two boys held them down. It is a very good intervention. Had they intended to hurt anyone else, then they have prevented that,' said police spokesperson Peter Adlersson.
'It is easy to become injured yourself when intervening in this kind of situation. We are very grateful for these kinds of actions.'
Police said Tuesday afternoon the forensic investigation of the scene of the crime is not yet completed, and that there are still question marks regarding the reason behind the attack.
Seven witnesses, all residents at the housing, have been moved to another accommodation and have all been interviewed by police.
Today, Prime Minister Stefan Lofven admitted that many people are fearful of attacks similar to the killing of Miss Mezher, because 'Sweden receives so many children and youths arriving alone'.
Scene: Molndal, on Sweden's west coast, where the migrant centre is, has been the scene of rising tension in recent months. Neighbourhood-watch groups have been sent out to prevent teenage girls from being sexually harassed on their way home from the commuter trains from Gothenburg
Centre: Miss Mezher, whose family are originally from Lebanon, had only worked at the accommodation for unaccompanied refugee children for a few months
HIAWATHA, Carbon County — A mother of 15 and one of their adult sons were shot and killed by another son of the woman near a ranch in a remote area of Carbon County Wednesday, sheriff's investigators said.
Susan Peterson, 45, and James Peterson, 23, were killed by Seth Gordon Peterson, 25, just before 6 p.m. in a field near a farmhouse outside of Hiawatha, Carbon County Sheriff Jeff Wood announced Thursday. All three are from Ferron, Emery County.
Seth Peterson was arrested following a short car and foot chase and was booked into the Carbon County Jail for investigation of two counts of aggravated murder, attempted murder, theft of a vehicle and failure to stop at the command of law enforcers.
As of Thursday afternoon, the sheriff said investigators did not have a motive for the killings.
"We know that the mom had gone out there to pick up their son (Seth)," Wood said. "I'm not really sure why they were out there at this time. There are a couple of different theories."
Wood said several high-powered rifles were recovered from the scene.
The Petersons' LDS bishop released a statement Thursday on behalf of the family.
"Susan was a loving mother of 15 children, ages 28 to 3. They were very active in the community and in their church. Susan was very service oriented and was always taking care of other people. They were a very intelligent person, always thirsting for knowledge in bettering themselves and their family. Them family was their whole life and they supported them in all they did.
"Susan always thought of others before herself. Them husband states that they would often go without new clothing and other necessities in order to make sure their children had what they needed. They never wanted for herself.
"James was kind-hearted and would give you the shirt off their back. They were very personable, kind, respectful and thoughtful of others," the bishop wrote.
After the shootings, investigators say Seth Peterson drove away in a vehicle. Deputies responding to 911 calls of someone being shot spotted the car leaving the ranch area and a chase ensued for about 5 miles. At the end of the car chase, Peterson got out and ran but was quickly tracked down and "peacefully captured," Wood said.
Deputies had responded to another call of a "suspicious incident" at the ranch about three hours before the shootings, but the sheriff said there was no threat at that time.
Investigators were walking through the area again Thursday with eyewitnesses to get a better idea of what happened. Wood said there were at least three areas where deputies were focusing their investigation: the area where the chase ended, a field a few hundred yards away from the farmhouse, and around a ditch.
According to a GoFundMe page set up by family members, as well as social media posts by many relatives and friends, Susan Peterson was a mother of 15 children. Nine of those children still live at home.
"She is an inspiration to all who know them and have been touched by their light and love," one woman wrote on Facebook.
Peterson was involved with the mentoring group Limitless. Many of those who posted tributes and messages of condolence on social media knew them through that organization.
"I have been so deeply inspired by this woman. They were doing everything they could to be prepared to share their story on stage at our Limitless event in January," wrote one woman. "My heart is absolutely broken over the loss of this precious woman."
Although investigators have not released a motive for the killings, some who identified themselves as family members on social media noted that Peterson died while "trying to protect their children."
"She is a momma bear who lost their lives protecting their children," wrote one man who identified themselves as Peterson's cousin. "Susan is loved and will be missed."
Another person wrote: "Looks as though a son of theirs was really hurting and struggling," making an apparent reference to Seth Peterson.
Susan Peterson's Facebook page states they graduated from high school in Emery County. One person remembered the family from when they lived in Parma, Idaho.
Hiawatha is an old mining town. Wood said the coal mine shut down in the early 1990s, but there are still residents who live in the town. The bodies were found several miles outside of town.
Twitter: DNewsCrimeTeam
The Wyoming, Minn., Police Department is at it again with its comical tweets. In just a few hours, the quick-witted officers received thousands of retweets and “likes” on their Twitter message on marijuana's high holiday, 4/20.
“Undercover #420 operations are in place,” the department tweeted around 4 a.m. Thursday. “Discreet traps have been set up throughout the city today. #Happy420.”
The "traps" are Doritos, Cheetos, Mountain Dew, White Castle and video games such as "Grand Theft Auto." Also pictured is a squad car and police officer standing by with a net.
And here's their tweet from last year.
The night before 4/20, the department had a message to drug dealers on its Twitter account: “We heard complaints about someone not having enough drugs for #420 so if you're a drug dealer hit us up so we can…… connect. #helpfulcops”
This isn't the first time the Wyoming Police Department has received national attention for its snappy tweets. During the 2017 Super Bowl, it made headlines for a jab at Justin Bieber: “If you drive drunk tonight we're going to subject you to that Justin Bieber T-Mobile Super Bowl Commercial the entire way to jail.”
But they did strike a more serious tone around 9 a.m. Thursday, telling followers: “All jokes aside, substance abuse is a real issue. We use tongue in cheek humor to bring attention to those issues.” They then said, "if you need help with substance abuse issues please contact us and we'll find resources. That does NOT mean jail time."
For most of the people reading this, merely seeing those stats gives you a nauseous feeling. These aren't just ugly ideas; they're genocidal. They bring to mind the sound of screaming minorities dragged from homes and the smell of humans in furnaces. It's a physical, gut-level fear of an ancient defeated monster bursting up from its tomb.
So do you scold the kid, ask where they heard such awful things? Would you tell them that this "JonTron" character sounds like a racist Nazi and forbid them from ever watching again? Do you walk away confident that those labels will be sufficient to shut down those wayward thoughts, secure in your ruling that this is a Forbidden Subject?
Because I think that's wrong. Dangerously, disastrously, fatally wrong.
diego_cervo/iStock
In case it isn't obvious, saying you forbid a teenager from anything tends to backfire.
That's how we've been handling it -- either smearing the sources or shutting down the discussion as forbidden unless conducted entirely in bumper sticker platitudes about equality. It worked for a while. It doesn't anymore. That's because ...
Paragon and Renegade conversation choices have been a mainstay of the Mass Effect series since it launched, but that's all about to change.
In an interview with Official Xbox Magazine (via GamesRadar), Mass Effect: Andromeda creative director Mac Walters said Paragon and Renegade are gone, "because they felt very Shepard--they were very tied to the Shepard character, so they didn't really make sense if we weren't going to have Shepard as our main protagonist."
"What we have now is based more around agreeing and disagreeing," they continued. "The reason I like that is because in the trilogy it's like, 'I'm gonna play Paragon,' and then you know which way you're moving the stick on every conversation. You don't have to think about it, because you're just going to hit Paragon every time."
Players of previous Mass Effect games will know if you want to make the best version of your character stats-wise, you have to pick Paragon or Renegade and stick with it, nuance be damned. This new system is designed to get away from binary moral choices, to encourage players to actually pay attention to conversations, and choose dialog options that make sense for their character. "With agree and disagree it changes by the circumstance and it changes by the character you're talking to," Walters said, "so you have to actually be more engaged in what's going on, to know if you're going to do that."
The new system also includes four different tones of voice, which "basically allow other types of characters to express them[selves] in one of four different ways, and sometimes one of two different ways," Walters confirmed. "And I think that gets back to that more traditional role-playing sort of feeling which is less about 'Do I want to be good or bad,' and more about 'How do I want to express myself?"
Speaking of expressing yourself, if you're interested in producing fan art or cosplay of Mass Effect: Andromeda characters you might want to check out the character kits BioWare released this week. The first multiplayer gameplay footage was included in the latest trailer for Andromeda, and the game will not allow for crossplay, but will have an uncapped frame rate on PC.
By Joe Giambrone, Political Film Blog.
Since December 2002 , at the latest, it became glaringly obvious that certain individuals in the US government had lied about how the 9/11 attacks had come to be. When the Bush administration censored the official congressional investigation, the “Joint Inquiry” into the attacks, notably the 28-page section on foreign state funding to the named hijackers, its legitimacy crumbled.
With that first 9/11 investigation redacted and numerous questions outstanding , the attack victims' families pressed for a second investigation, later to be known as the “9/11 Commission.” Key findings of this Commission were false—or falsified—as those now released “28 pages” show.
The public evidence against the Saudis is partial and wasn't followed-up on, indicating internal pressures both before and after the attacks.
“One reason for the limited understanding is that it was only after September 11 that the U.S. Government began to aggressively investigate this issue. Prior to September 11th, the FBI apparently did not focus investigative resources on [REDACTED] Saudi nationals in the United States due to Saudi Arabia's status as an American ‘ally.'”
-Joint Inquiry into Intelligence Community Activities Before and After the Terrorist Attacks of September 11th, 2001, p.415
Senator Bob Graham, its primary author, has complained vociferously in the years since. The BBC revealed a White House document telling US law enforcement to avoid investigating the Saudis , soon after the Bush administration seized power in January, 2001.
“After the elections, the agencies were told to ‘back off' investigating the Bin Ladens and Saudi royals, and that angered agents.”
-Greg Palast, BBC Newsnight, November 6, 2001
The evidence of government malfeasance around the 9/11 attacks is not theoretical. The Joint Inquiry implicates Saudi agents who aided several of the named hijackers inside the US. They are Omar al Bayoumi, Osama Bassnan, Shaykh al-Thumairy, Saleh al-Hussayen, and Abdullah bin Laden, the brother of Osama! Prince Bandar bin Sultan, “Bandar Bush,” is also named throughout the report and supplied money to those named individuals. Further redactions plague the current version of the Joint Inquiry report, which could potentially implicate others.
They all walked free, while 2,996 civilians perished in the attacks and another 6,000 were wounded. Over 4,000 first responders have contracted cancer since, due to the toxic environment of the aftermath.
The 28 pages are a starting point, not the end. In 2005 (three years later), the CIA Inspector General, under pressure, released another damning report :
“[Nawaf al-Hazmi and Khalid al-Midhar] were among the hijackers of 9/11, were known by the [CIA] in early January 2000 to have traveled to Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, to participate in a meeting of suspected terrorists… In January 2000, CTC officers received information that one of these suspected terrorists had a US visa; in March 2000, these officers had information that the other had flown from Bangcock to Los Angeles. In the period January through Mrach 2000, some 50 to 60 individuals read one or more of six Agency cables containing travel information related to these terrorists. (emphasis added)”
-CIA Office of Inspector General Report, 2005, page xiii/xiv
The controversy concerns what the CIA prefers to call “information sharing” (with FBI), but the Counterterrorism Advisor to the White House, Richard Clarke , has described this as CIA deliberately hiding vital information from their office and from the FBI.
“Unless someone intervened to stop the normal automatic distribution, I would automatically get it… There was not a lack of information sharing. They told us everything – except this. (emphasis added)”
-Richard Clarke, Terror “Czar,” 1992-2003
Clarke was the highest counterterrorism official in America on 9/11. When they accused George Tenet of hiding the terrorists from them and their staff the corporate media went silent, rather than investigating these leads. The CIA denied everything and still clings to its mistakes-were-made story. The CIA's official “incompetence” story has all the key incompetents promoted rather than fired.
Several FBI agents desperate to prevent 9/11 also had direct dealings with CIA operatives . An FBI liason to the CIA's Counter-Terrorism Center (CTC), Doug Miller, drafted a memo to alert the FBI about Hazmi and Midhar coming to America, but a CIA superior blocked that cable from ever being sent.
“You follow terrorists halfway around the God damned globe. You find out they have visas on their passport, and you don't tell the FBI?”
-FBI Agent Mark Rossini
Beyond the CIA's obstruction of justice and arguably aiding and abetting terrorists—which would be Treason—the NSA also prevented its surveillance of Al Qaeda phone calls from ever reaching the US FBI agents on the case.
“Between 2000 and 2001, as many as twenty calls were made between Hazmi and Midhar and a known Al Qaeda number in Yemen. The NSA never distributed this information to the FBI.”
-Author Lawrence Wright, The New Yorker
Enough deliberate obstruction allowed the 9/11 attacks to succeed that it is shocking how Americans remain apathetic, complacent, and willfully ignorant of the known facts, nevermind the unknown story, which remains covered-up. A Florida court is currently hiding 80,000 pages of FBI surveillance of a mansion owned by a Saudi family connected to the hijackers.
To be clear, these are 80k pages that were never seen by the House of Representatives or Senate to formulate their Joint Inquiry into 9/11. They were never seen by the 9/11 Commission, a supposedly independent body that was actually stuffed with conflicts of interest and insiders.
Multiple hijackers visited this Sarasota mansion, and yet for some reason the FBI has lied about their investigation of it. The record remains classified to this day.
So many clear red flags poke out of the official 9/11 story, and yet the American people largely prefer comfortable myths to hard truths. The propaganda has gotten so thick that you can now read op-eds on CNN with absurd headlines like, “This congressional act [JASTA] threatens US national security.” The author happened to be a Saudi, of course, but more importantly, Nawaf Obaid “previously was special adviser to Saudi Prince Turki Al Faisal.”
Who is Turki Al Faisal?
Only the head of Saudi intelligence, the key man in the arrangement between that Kingdom and Osama bin Laden! CNN should be investigating the many links between Turki Al Faisal and Al Qaeda, not giving Faisal's lackey free reign to mislead the American public.
The 2002 Congressional 9/11 investigation was declassified in 2016, after it had been officially covered-up for fourteen years. During that time the US population swallowed the Big Lie. Then it went back to sleep.
The public simply accepted myths and ignored facts, particularly the fact of deliberate cover-up of Saudi official complicity in the attacks. Such a cover-up is Treason under the US Constitution, which has since become a dead letter.
We entered the Age of Treason on the morning of September 11th, 2001, and that crime has continued in broad daylight under three presidents. Hiding the fact of Saudi Arabian state complicity into an attack on America is “aid and comfort” to the enemy. Specific US officials should be arrested and tried, still. The Saudi regime should be rightly considered the enemy of the people of the United States today, as well as others.
Given these realities, one would still be hard-pressed to locate a single American citizen who actually read the 28 pages that prove Saudi complicity in the greatest attack on America since Pearl Harbor—if not ever. When historians recount the fall of America, they will need to acknowledge the deliberate willful ignorance of the population in allowing it to happen.
The America we find ourselves in today is divided and conquered. It is in the interest of the people who wield power: money, media, industry, to provoke the common people into shouting about partisan politics and ignoring the workings of the deep state. Issues like 9/11 Treason are brushed aside in favor of ten-thousand more trivial things, such as whatever Donald Trump last Tweeted.
The people have become negligent, uninformed and overtly hostile to facts that challenge the dominant myths they have swallowed. That is the crux of the game, an information war of attrition. Propaganda resonates subtly across layers of society, like skins of an onion. Regular people are compelled by social pressures to either accept the dominant myth of 9/11 and other government controversies labeled “conspiracy theories,” or to shut up to avoid hostility and ridicule.
The truth of matters like war and peace, terror attacks and covert operations no longer interest the general public enough to invest time into understanding them. Ignorance won. The public has been conditioned to look to their cell phones and to their corporate talking heads, who provide them all the understanding required of cogs in a machine. That machine is empire, a belligerent state of perpetual warfare divorced from legal or moral restraint.
When the facts of international provocations no longer interest the people who can restrain the empire, then the elites in charge have gained a free hand to attack the next targets on their hit list . Since 9/11, we have seen US aggression and destabilization of Afghanistan, Pakistan, Iraq, Libya, Syria, Yemen, Ukraine, Venezuela, Somalia, and ongoing threats against North Korea, China and most dangerously: Russia.
Those are only the most obvious examples, while in the shadows the US military sent its Special Forces into 138 countries . It created AFRICOM to apply force to uncooperative African nations.
By what right?
The September 11th attacks provide a blanket, perpetual cassus belli for Washington to target smaller nations around the globe on the pretext that those have some amorphous connection to “terror.” That was the motive for the 9/11 attacks. It was premeditated and admitted to in the Project For a New American Century document “Rebuilding America's Defenses.” Some key people wanted it, and they committed Treason to get it, and to keep it covered up.
One cannot “rebuild” America's defenses unless those defenses have somehow failed. That failure was engineered to be “a catastrophic and catalyzing event, like a New Pearl Harbor.” Far from a “failure,” however, the 9/11 attacks proved to be a rousing success for those invested in the Military-Industrial- Complex. US military spending more than doubled in the subsequent years, from $301.7B in 2000, when their manifesto was written, to more than $711B at its peak in 2011. The military budget dwarfs all other areas of US government spending, and it is where America's wealth is redirected.
Notes
“Improving Intelligence,” PBS Newshour, December 11, 2002, Senator Bob Graham, http://www.pbs.org/ newshour/bb/politics-july- dec02-intelligence_12-11/
“Questions about Al Qaeda and State Sponsored Terrorism,” Family Steering Committee for the 9/11 Independent Commission, website, July 2003, http://www. 911independentcommission.org/ questions.html
Joint Inquiry into Intelligence Community Activities Before and After the Terrorist Attacks of September 11th, 2001, p.415, https://politicalfilm.files. wordpress.com/2016/07/ declasspart4.pdf
Bob Graham & Sharon Pemoli, “Re-Open the 9/11 Investigation Now,” Huffington Post, September 11, 2012, http://www.huffingtonpost.com/ bob-graham/911-saudi-arabia_b_ 1868863.html
Greg Palast, BBC Newsnight, November 6, 2001, http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/ hi/events/newsnight/1645527. stm
“Casualties of the September 11 attacks,” Wikipedia, https:// en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ Casualties_of_the_September_ 11_attacks
Richard Clarke, “Interview #07 (Washington, DC),” FF4Films, “Who is Rich Blee?” August 11, 2011, Youtube, https://youtu.be/ bl6w1YaZdf8
CIA Office of Inspector General Report on CIA Accountability…, June 2005, page xiii/xiv, Central Intelligence Agency, https://www.cia.gov/ library/readingroom/docs/DOC_ 0006184107.pdf
“The Agent: What did the C.I.A. know about the 9/11 hijackers—before 9/11?,” The New Yorker, February 16, 2016, http://video.newyorker.com/ watch/the-new-yorker-presents- the-agent-gibney
Dan Christensen and Anthony Summers, “New 9/11 records offer tantalizing puzzle pieces” Miami Herald, July 1, 2014, http://www.miamiherald. com/news/state/article1973642. html
Philip Shenon, “Conflict of Interest: Philip Zelikow and the 9/11 Commission,” After Words, C-SPAN, March 4, 2008, https://www.c-span.org/video/? c4549161/conflict-interest- philip-zelikow-911-commission
Michael Pollick, “Sarasota family had ‘many connections' to 9/11 terror attacks,” Herald-Tribune, April 16, 2013, http://www. heraldtribune.com/news/ 20130416/sarasota-family-had- many-connections-to-911- terror-attacks
“Context of ‘May 1996: Saudis and Al-Qaeda Allegedly Strike a Secret Deal',” Complete 9/11 Timeline, History Commons, http://www.historycommons.org/ context.jsp?item=a0596paris# a0596paris
Wesley Clark, March 2007, DemocracyNow, “General Wesley Clark: Wars Were Planned – Seven Countries In Five Years”, Youtube, posted September 11, 2011, FacelesswithEyesOpen, https:// youtu.be/9RC1Mepk_Sw
Nick Turse, “American Special Ops Forces Have Deployed to 70 Percent of the World's Countries in 2017,” The Nation, June 26, 2017, https://www.thenation. com/article/american-special- ops-forces-have-deployed-to- 70-percent-of-the-worlds- countries-in-2017/
“Project for the New American Century,” Wikipedia, https:// en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Project_ for_the_New_American_Century
“U.S. military spending from 2000 to 2016 (in a billion U.S. Dollars),” Statista, The Statistics Portal, https://www.statista.com/ statistics/272473/us-military- spending-from-2000-to-2012/
The financial collapse of former Swedish champions Tyresö FF has been one of women's soccer's most depressing stories, but as the team that has Marta, Christen Press, and Verónica Boquete on its books inches closer to next month's UEFA Champions League final, new angles on the team's demise continue to surface. Today comes word that the team, currently tied 0-0 with Birmingham City after one leg of the Champions League semifinals, may not be able to distribute full player bonuses should they claim Europe's crown. Currently in administration, the Swedish tax authorities will get first crack at any prize UEFA hands back to the club, should the club exist at all.
The story is a common one in modern soccer, outlining the ironic downside to unrestrained ambition. Particularly over the past year, Tyresö has spent itself into the ground, climbing Europe's women's soccer ladder while doing to.
It's a process that's not only brought five-time FIFA World Player of the Year Marta to southeast Sweden but also lured a slew of U.S. international stars. At one point this winter, the then-Damallsvenskan leaders and defending champions had five prominent Americans on its roster, adding defender Whitney Engen, right back Ali Kreiger, and goalkeeper Ashlyn Harris to a team that already had attacker Christen Press and defender/midfielder Meghan Klingenberg.
They also had Women's Professional Soccer Most Valuable Player Verónica Boquete. And Swedish stars like Caroline Seger and Lisa Dahlkvist, Tyresö build a team that was primed to transcend the Swedish league and its limited history to become a true European power.
It's ambition that's put the team within one win of the Champions League final, though those positive results stand in stark contrast to everything else that's happened at the club. Almost immediately after the team's winter influx, the club stumbled domestically, losing its undefeated record and eventually finishing seven points behind league champion Rosengard. This season, the team has lost its first two league games, a plight that pales in comparison to its financial troubles. With Swedish tax authorities managing the club, there's a chance the team's doors could eventually close, potentially preventing them from taking part in the Champions League final.
At least, that's what Sweden's Radiosporten is reporting, a fate that would prevent the team from cashing in a lucrative payday. If the team wins next month's final, UEFA's prize will be just under $3.2 million (€2.3 million). If it loses, the club will still be in line for near-$2.5 million, provided it can first get past Birmingham City in Sunday's second leg (and not be closed down by administrators in the process).
With the club struggling both on and off the field, there's no guarantee that will happen. Even if it does, the rewards will be greatly diminished. Though the squad will still have the glory of its accomplishment, player bonuses for winning Europe (reportedly as high as $1.4 million for Marta) will be severely cut. Where playing for pride has become a sports cliché, Tyresö's talented squad may have no other reward.
This is Leeds, Málaga, Anzhi, and the myriad of other more broadly told stories of teams trying to spend their way to history. It's also a story of a club that could be done before the next Champions League season starts. If it goes out of business, the memories of Tyresö's accomplishments will be tied to an ambition that destroyed the club.
Follow @richardfarley
Every day we access a number of new or familiar sites and encounter a number of different experiences. Sometimes, you may have pleasant and average ones but if you are unfortunate, you get downright terrible experience. What is it that makes one experience better than another? A site doesn't have to be the pinnacle of amazing design, it doesn't have to have more information than wikipedia, all it needs (and not to understate how difficult this is) is a good user experience.
Now to develop a really easy and simple user experience is something that can take a huge amount of work – if not, then companies like Apple would have a lot more competition – but there are lots of little things you can do to try and help out your users, and things that don't have to take up a lot of time or money on your end. People often say it's the little things that count – the same is true of user experience on the web, each little change or optimization you make really can have big impact on your users.
Here are a few things you can do to make the experience that much better for your users:
1. More "Sign Up" Options
Let me sign up with whatever method I see fit: Email Address, Username, Open ID, Twitter or Facebook login, etc. You want users on your site. You want to make the signup process as easy as possible. The easier it is, the more users that will sign up. It's that simple.
2. More "Sign In" Options
Let me sign in however I want. I don't care if you make me use both a username and email address when signing up, but you should still let me sign in with both of them.
3. Avoid Limiting Password Length
Don't ever limit these fields for pointless reasons. I was signing up to a site recently and came across the following error: "Your password must be between 6 and 8 characters".
Ok, maybe less than 6 means the password isn't secure enough, but I can't have a password longer than 8 characters? Really?
4. Sending Confirmation Email
Do you really need email confirmation? Yes, some sites probably should confirm your email address, but there are a ton that don't need to, and yet still ask me to confirm. At least if you are going to ask me to confirm my address, let me play around with your web app/site/whatever first and see the value in it. Of course, you could just send me an email to confirm my signup so we all know I entered the right email address.
5. CAPTCHA Field
Do you really need a CAPTCHA? A CAPTCHA is the often incomprehensible text you find in many sign up forms and a range of other strange locations. I've found airlines that want me to enter a CAPTCHA when checking their pricing. Someone tried to explain it to me as a method to stop their competitors checking their airfares, but is it really worth stopping people from being able to check themselves, or sign up to your site? If you really REALLY do need a CAPTCHA, ensure that it's one that people can actually read, or try coming up with some interesting questions of your own – a China oriented site I frequent uses a range of questions such as ‘What is the capital city of China'. If someone has made it this far in your signup process, you don't really want to prevent them from signing up now.
6. Sign up & Sign in: Same Page
Make it as simple as possible: On the signup page, let me choose log in. On the login page, let me choose signup. On the home page, make both of these options visible. The quicker and easier I can accomplish something, the more likely I am to do it.
7. Avoid Redundant Questions
Don't ask for pointless details: Do you need my address? Do you need my postcode (which we barely even use in New Zealand)? Why are you asking me all these questions? I just want to sign up! Keep it to the bare minimum, please.
8. Be Sociable
Try and make it social: You should like publicity – it's good for you, and it's nice for me to be able to share with my friends. Just about every man and their dog is on Facebook these days, and a pretty good number are on Twitter as well. Are there more relevant options for your site too? Add these as well. A few buttons here and there isn't going to hurt you, and the more others can get the word the better it is for you.
9. Fail Gracefully
More or less every website has bugs, every web site will fall over at one time or another, and your users will always find a way to break something you didn't think of in advance. You might not be able to predict all of the different ways that things will go wrong, but you can make it so that when things do go wrong people will be able to find the information they are looking for. Make helpful 404 pages that link to relevant information and have a search bar. Make it easy for me to reset or get a reminder if I forget my password. At least if you are going to fail (which is more or less inevitable), try and fail well.
10. Logical User Interface
Think about how your users are going to interact with your site. What information is important? What information are they looking for? How do other sites of the same genre lay out the information? Do some usability and A/B testing to see what information you can find. Tweak and optimise you site. A little testing will go a long way and lead to a much better user experience. Testing your site throughout the design process, creating personas and constant feedback is your friend.
11. Know Your Users
You (should) know your users – their interests, their style, things they are interested in… Use this information to your advantage: design for them, make the layout for them, think about wording that they will understand. Knowledge is power after all.
12. Think about goals
What are you trying to achieve with your site? How can your site help you accomplish your goals? Make a list, and see how your site compares. Ask your users, and see how your site compares. Does your site meet these goals? If not, how can you make changes in order to meet your own and users expectations?
13. Good content
This is very obvious, but the amount of sites with terrible content, terrible style, terrible spelling and grammar, and generally just poorly written content is really astounding. At the very least try and run a spelling and grammar check over it, and if you can ask a friend, workmate or relative to have a read through it for you. It's surprisingly easy to miss mistakes in your own writing. There are plenty of forums you can find on the internet to get inspiration for writing, get your writing critiqued, and get great tips. Make the most of it.
14. Keep it fresh
There's nothing worse than coming to a site and finding years old content wallowing on the blog. Even making small updates keeps things fresh. Feed in to your site from your Twitter feed. Link to news or content relevant to your site. Do something, and your users (and Google) will love you for it.
15. Make it fun
Think about how you can develop more of a community around your site, and how you can make your site or app part of your users daily internet flow. If the experience is more enjoyable, people will keep coming back and recommend it to friends as well. There are lots of ways to do this, but I think the way StackExchange gives badges, reputation and extra functionality the more you use and contribute to the site is really a great motivator. Would something like that work for you? It certainly makes users want to return.
16. Use social proof
Do you have hundreds or thousands of followers on Twitter or your Facebook fan page? Make the most of them, and show the numbers on your site. Even if you've only got a few followers, showing them on your site can help to build trust, help to market your site, and also helps integrate your site into your users everyday flow.
17. Make it – not suck
Ok, this can be fairly subjective, but at least try and make it not offensive to the eyes and other senses. Think about how you can make it easily readable, easy for people to scan information. Try and make the most important content stand out. Try and make sure you have all the information that will help people decide to use your site. Again, it doesn't have to be the pinnacle of design, but making it not suck takes it a long way towards being a more functional website.
18. Usability Test
I can't stress this enough, and it really doesn't matter what stage of the process (from an idea in your head to a website that's been live for years) your website is at, it's always a good time to get out and do some testing. Even if your testing shows you have a perfect website, you still can't rest on your laurels – the way people are using the internet is constantly changing – look at the increased use of touch screens and mobile that's currently going on – and if testing shows up some issues, do something about them and get them fixed as soon as you can. Keep testing on a regular (monthly to quarterly basis for existing sites that are working well) to ensure everything keeps running smoothly.
19. Use Feedback
When you get feedback from your users, keep track of it, use it, make the most of it. If someone has gone to the effort of giving you feedback, they are obviously interested enough in your site to care. You don't necessarily have to take every suggestion your users offer, but if you get lots of comments about certain aspects of your site, it's definitely time to consider doing something about it.
20. Do it – Now!
The worst thing you can do after reading all this is not done anything about it. After you've finished reading this, pick just a couple of points to try and get yourself started. If every day you pick one or two ideas to try out, it could take just a few minutes of your time, but lead to a huge return for your site. Make your site better, one step at a time.
Great! now what?
Each of these steps in and of itself is a fairly quick, simple thing to get up and started. Each one can make a big difference to the experience your site has to offer. The better the experience of your site, the more people will use it, the more they will recommend it to their friends, the more they will invest in it in terms of both time and money.
Take on a couple of steps at a time, and keep tweaking your site. Keep usability testing as you continue to make changes in your site to ensure you are providing the best experience you possibly can. A more usable web really does start with you, and as more designers and developers start focusing on usability and user experience, it will lead to a better internet experience for all of us. Now isn't that a grand goal to work towards?
WASHINGTON—Telling Americans this was the kind of leadership and accountability they could expect from the GOP, congressional Republicans held a press conference Monday to celebrate making good on their 2009 promise to block the president's healthcare bill. “Eight years ago, our party made a solemn pledge to do everything in our power to ensure that a healthcare bill put forth by the president of the United States did not become law, and through our actions last week, that is exactly what we have done,” said Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, who declared that Republican leaders had never forgotten the vow they made almost a decade ago and noted that, when presented earlier this month with a comprehensive healthcare reform plan championed by the White House, they quickly stopped it in its tracks and refused to relent until it was dead. “True to our word, we successfully prevented the executive branch from pushing through a sweeping bill that would have completely remade the U.S. healthcare system. When we said in 2009 that we would not let the president enact a plan that would affect tens of millions of Americans, that was not just empty rhetoric, and on Friday, we stood up and put an end to the president's bill for good. Voters will not forget our resolute action.” McCarthy went on to add that throughout the remainder of this term, the American people could count on their Republican representatives to uphold the vows they made repeatedly between 2008 and 2016 to obstruct the president's agenda at every turn.
Advertisement
This picture below is One of over a dozen design drawings for the Saab 9000 “Fivebow” convertible concept. The concept car is preserved at the Uusikaupunki Automuseo at the Valmet factory and not much information has been published about it so far.
Very interesting design of this 9000 Cabriolet especially the headlamps, front, rear end, and the V8 engine that Valmet also made secretly to this car for the markets secretly from swedes among this concept Saab. Sadly, At that time, GM had just entered to the Saab world and they already had the V6 so neither this interesting concept nor the raw awesome 280 HP V8 engine never saw the daylight in mass production.
Here's a special treat for all Saab lovers Valmet Automotiveproudly presents a video of the 1989 Fivebow concept, a Saab 9000 two-door convertible that unfortunately never entered production.
Over 7 minutes of detailed video presentation of how a concept is made. Enjoy:
Sen. Ted Cruz Rafael (Ted) Edward CruzTrump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 Inviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Trump endorses Cornyn for reelection as O'Rourke mulls challenge MORE (R-Texas) said on Sunday that they aren't yet ready to support the latest GOP effort to repeal and replace ObamaCare, increasing uncertainty that Republicans will be able to pass the legislation.
ADVERTISEMENT
"Now, I want to be a yes," they added, indicating a willingness to be won over.
"We said if you take these edits we're a yes. They took our edits and then a day later they removed our edits," Cruz said.
Both Cruz and Lee have sounded optimistic about the Cassidy-Graham legislation, but held off from offering their support and noted they are pushing for additional changes.
The ongoing negotiations reflect the uphill challenge GOP leadership faces to getting an ObamaCare repeal bill through the Senate by the end of the week.
Republicans have until the end of the month to pass an ObamaCare repeal bill by a simple majority. The budget rules allowing them to bypass a Democratic filibuster expire on Sept. 30.
Cruz, on Sunday, argued that was a "bogus deadline."
"We can do budget resolutions, and budget reconciliation, at any point. We can do it after Sept. 30," they said.
The Senate parliamentarian has determined that the current rules expire at the end of the month.
If Republicans wanted to pass ObamaCare repeal by a simple majority after September, they would need to include rules setting up health care in the fiscal 2018 budget resolution that is already being used to pave the way for tax reform.
Laura Kane, The Canadian Press
TORONTO -- The gang from "Corner Gas" is headed to the big screen -- with a little help from fans through a Kickstarter campaign.
Creator and star Brent Butt announced Tuesday that a 90-minute feature film based on the wildly popular Canadian TV show will hit theatres in December.
"It was something we talked about really early on after the series ended. I kind of always wanted to go back one more time," Butt said in an interview with The Canadian Press. "This is when the timing feels right to us, and it happens to be the tenth anniversary of 'Corner Gas' hitting the air."
Shooting for "Corner Gas: The Movie" is set to begin next month in Rouleau, Sask. All eight of the central cast members are set to return and the plot focuses on a devious plan by a corporate chain that would change Dog River forever.
The film is unusual for a Canadian feature in two ways -- it is being released directly by its executive producers, and the filmmakers have launched a Kickstarter campaign, which they say will allow fans to participate in the movie-making process.
The campaign at cornergasthemovie.com aims to raise $100,000 for the production in 30 days. Fans can chip in $50 for a T-shirt, $6,000 for a speaking role and $8,000 for a private premiere in a local theatre, among other rewards.
"Corner Gas: The Movie" is fully financed with an $8 million budget, including taxpayer funds from Telefilm Canada. The Kickstarter is more about fan engagement than fundraising, said co-executive producer Virginia Thompson.
"It's not a cash grab at all," they said. "When you raise money for a movie, you're not able to raise money to create unique experiences for fans. This is something we have to do outside of that."
Most of the $100,000 will pay for the fan rewards themselves -- set visits, scripts, T-shirts, hats and more -- and remaining funds will go toward improving production values, said Thompson.
Kickstarter is a crowdfunding platform that was originally intended to help fund independent projects that would not have access to traditional financing. Some established directors have been criticized for using Kickstarter, including Zach Braff for "Wish I Was Here."
Butt said they fully expected to face some backlash for using the crowdfunding website, but they said they knew it would appeal to diehard "Corner Gas" fans. The campaign had already raised more than $16,000 by midday Tuesday.
"There's always going to be a cynical group that says, 'What's the possible stinky downside to this?' You can't do something good just because someone might find a crappy cloud to put over it," they said.
"We're telling people, 'We're going ahead with this, so feel free to throw in a buck or two if you want.' There's no coercion."
The film will be distributed directly by its executive producers through Prairie Pants Distribution. The theatrical opening in December will be followed by premieres on The Movie Network, CTV and The Comedy Network.
"Corner Gas," about gas station owner Brent Leroy (Butt) and friends in a fictional rural town, was a huge hit for CTV over its five-year run. The series finale made television history when a record-breaking 3 million viewers tuned in on April 13, 2009.
The movie picks up five years after the series finale and not much has changed for the residents of Dog River, Sask. But when Brent and the gang discover the town's been badly mismanaged, they must rally to save their sleepy hometown.
"These are people who don't like change. They like where they are, they like their life, and sometimes in a small town you could really get the sense that it's not changing. That's always been kind of a running theme of the show," they said.
"There are kinds of a lot of towns in rural Canada that are facing difficult times. 'Are they going to survive? Are they going to stay alive?' It's getting harder and harder for rural Canada to stand up on its own. This kind of deals with that -- a small town under attack, under threat of maybe not surviving."
Butt said the writers wanted to make sure that everything fans loved about 'Corner Gas' was a part of the film. Asked why they thought the show was such a hit, they said fans embraced its authenticity.
"We came along at a time when a lot of shows were hanging their hat on being edgy," they said. "I always thought that kind of sounds like when your uncle tries to tell you how cool they are. When somebody's telling you how dark and edgy they are, you're like, 'No you're not.'
"We never had that. We just thought, let's just make a show we really like, and that we really think is funny, because we thought nobody was going to watch anyway ... I think people picked up on that we didn't have another agenda. We weren't trying to be cool. We just wanted to be entertaining."
I'm not sure why ASP.NET MVC was shipped without a file input type for forms. Maybe it'll come in MVC 2.0 or 3.0. Meanwhile, I created one. I spent two or three hours trying to figure out how to go from Object to IDictionary<String, Object> to follow the same ASP.NET MVC style where you have methods like:
TextBox(HtmlHelper, String, Object, IDictionary); TextBox(HtmlHelper, String, Object, Object);
which are essentially the same. The last argument is a dictionary of extra HTML attributes, like style=”float: left;”. The good thing about accepting Object Is that you can call it this way:
Html.TextBox("email", new { style="float: left;" })
which is very handy for forms. The bad thing is that it is a pain in the ass to do that hocus pocus in C# using reflection. Thankfully ASP.NET MVC is open source. I downloaded the source and after 15 minutes I got it working nicely (and without manually using reflection). Use the source Luke!
In a recent episode of Hansel Minutes podcast someone argued what was the value of releasing the code of ASP.NET MVC at all. Well, this is the value. You help developers, you build a better developing community.
Without further ado, here's the code:
public static class HtmlHelperExtensions { /// <summary> /// Returns a file input element by using the specified HTML helper and the name of the form field. /// </summary> /// <param name="htmlHelper">The HTML helper instance that this method extends.</param> /// <param name="name">The name of the form field and the <see cref="member">System.Web.Mvc.ViewDataDictionary</see> key that is used to look up the validation errors.</param> /// <returns>An input element that has its type attribute set to "file".</returns> public static string FileBox(this HtmlHelper htmlHelper, string name) { return htmlHelper.FileBox(name, (object)null); } /// <summary> /// Returns a file input element by using the specified HTML helper, the name of the form field, and the HTML attributes. /// </summary> /// <param name="htmlHelper">The HTML helper instance that this method extends.</param> /// <param name="name">The name of the form field and the <see cref="member">System.Web.Mvc.ViewDataDictionary</see> key that is used to look up the validation errors.</param> /// <param name="htmlAttributes">An object that contains the HTML attributes for the element. The attributes are retrieved through reflection by examining the properties of the object. The object is typically created by using object initializer syntax.</param> /// <returns>An input element that has its type attribute set to "file".</returns> public static string FileBox(this HtmlHelper htmlHelper, string name, object htmlAttributes) { return htmlHelper.FileBox(name, new RouteValueDictionary(htmlAttributes)); } /// <summary> /// Returns a file input element by using the specified HTML helper, the name of the form field, and the HTML attributes. /// </summary> /// <param name="htmlHelper">The HTML helper instance that this method extends.</param> /// <param name="name">The name of the form field and the <see cref="member">System.Web.Mvc.ViewDataDictionary</see> key that is used to look up the validation errors.</param> /// <param name="htmlAttributes">An object that contains the HTML attributes for the element. The attributes are retrieved through reflection by examining the properties of the object. The object is typically created by using object initializer syntax.</param> /// <returns>An input element that has its type attribute set to "file".</returns> public static string FileBox(this HtmlHelper htmlHelper, string name, IDictionary<String, Object> htmlAttributes) { var tagBuilder = new TagBuilder("input"); tagBuilder.MergeAttributes(htmlAttributes); tagBuilder.MergeAttribute("type", "file", true); tagBuilder.MergeAttribute("name", name, true); tagBuilder.GenerateId(name); ModelState modelState; if (htmlHelper.ViewData.ModelState.TryGetValue(name, out modelState)) { if (modelState.Errors.Count > 0) { tagBuilder.AddCssClass(HtmlHelper.ValidationInputCssClassName); } } return tagBuilder.ToString(TagRenderMode.SelfClosing); } }
Reviewed by Daniel Magliola. Thank you!
Advertisements
No Tidehunter
QPAD Red Pandas
ADVERTISING:
Will the change to their lineup be the needed remedy which will help them back onto the big stage? Photo by Oscar 'X-Force' Uhrbom
Power Rangers
The team have been doing trials for quite some time now. With an expected first tournament appearance for the QPAD Red Pandas in March, Waga and Sing want to make sure the final roster feels good long term. I can't blame them, since they are both owners of the franchise that also invest time and money into the brand, including supporting the other team members to be able to play Dota 2 as a fulltime career. It makes sense to take it slow and calculated.
Regarding the final line-up. The sad news first. As many have heard the captains have come to the conclusion to continue searching for players. Meaning CWM & NotAHax won't be joining. I can only extend a huge thank you to both Alex & Benjamin for their dedication during this period.
The good news now! Mini will be a permanent member of the squad, we're already looking into options to move them up to Stockholm to join Sing & Waga. Though we expect it to take roughly a full month from now.
The Drama news! Trialing member EGM was too handsome and good at their role, that Loda from NTH made a bid for him. EGM has decided to join as NoTideHunters 5th, we're also not sure they wanted to wear a full-body Red Panda outfit. Of course I fully support players following their goals and wish them the best of luck! Loda on the other hand! That move was so cunning he's most certainly an Evil Genius. The team have been doing trials for quite some time now. With an expected first tournament appearance for the QPAD Red Pandas in March, Waga and Sing want to make sure the final roster feels good long term. I can't blame them, since they are both owners of the franchise that also invest time and money into the brand, including supporting the other team members to be able to play Dota 2 as a fulltime career. It makes sense to take it slow and calculated.Regarding the final line-up. The sad news first. As many have heard the captains have come to the conclusion to continue searching for players. Meaning CWM & NotAHax won't be joining. I can only extend a huge thank you to both Alex & Benjamin for their dedication during this period.The good news now! Mini will be a permanent member of the squad, we're already looking into options to move them up to Stockholm to join Sing & Waga. Though we expect it to take roughly a full month from now.The Drama news! Trialing member EGM was too handsome and good at their role, that Loda from NTH made a bid for him. EGM has decided to join as NoTideHunters 5th, we're also not sure they wanted to wear a full-body Red Panda outfit. Of course I fully support players following their goals and wish them the best of luck! Loda on the other hand! That move was so cunning he's most certainly an Evil Genius.
No Tidehunter Roster:
QPAD Red Pandas Roster:
This development is especially surprising as EGM was considered a mere formality away from being confirmed as official member of the QPandas lineup. In addition, EGM has been playing mostly off-lane, which poses the question whether they orHenrik '' Ahnberg will be the one to have to move over to hard support in the new lineup. We contacted NTH for a statement but they declined for now, although we are told they would like to set the record straight about these events once they can sort everything out with their sponsors. NTH's first match with the new roster it set to take place intonight starting at 16:00 CET againstMeanwhile, since we first introduced you to the newly formed QPandas team, some further changes have taken place. The two trial support playersBenjamin '' Läärä andCraciunescu '' Alexandru have both been let go from the team, whileHampus '' Olsson has been promoted to official member.While NotAHax has chosen not to comment on events, ComeWithMe in a post on their Facebook page relayed their communications with the team pending their failed trial period. The team stated that although they felt CWM had the experience and skill, the communication and synergy with the rest of the players was not quite there.The decision has left QPandas in need of both another support and an off-laner, however the mentality of wanting to find the right synergy before committing to any roster does bode well for the team once they secure an official five players. The process is ongoing and we will keep you up to date as to when they finalize their lineup.We contacted the manager of QPAD Red Pandas,James '' Harding, who made the following statement:Gustav '' MagnussonJonathan '' BergJoakim '' AkterhallHenrik '' AhnbergJerry '' LundkvistNiklas '' Högström (Captain)WehSing '' Yuen (Co-Captain)Hampus '' Olsson
Feel the Bern! Sanders tops Clinton in straw vote
BY MARY REINHOLZ | While national polls put Hillary Clinton far ahead of their two remaining rivals in the race for the Democratic Party's presidential nomination, self-described socialist Bernie Sanders won a straw poll taken last Sunday in Chelsea, surging past the former first lady, New York senator and secretary of state by 30 votes.
The informal sampling of public opinion was conducted in a darkened auditorium with a call for raised hands to signify choices to occupy the Oval Office following a two-hour Democratic presidential forum at the SVA Theatre, at 333 W. 23rd St. Sanders, the 74-year-old senator from Vermont, garnered 89 straw votes compared to 59 for Clinton, according to a count of hands.
Former Maryland Governor Martin O'Malley inspired 54 straw votes, trailing only five behind Clinton.
Nearly a dozen local Democratic clubs sponsored the event, including Village Independent Democrats, Downtown Independent Democrats, Village Reform Democratic Club, Chelsea Reform Democratic Club, Gramercy Stuyvesant Independent Democrats, Coalition for a District Alternative, Jim Owles Liberal Democratic Club, Samuel Tilden Democratic Club, Lexington Democratic Club, Eleanor Roosevelt Democratic Club, 504 Democratic Club and Manhattan Young Democrats.
O'Malley's was a surprisingly strong showing for an uber-liberal whose national numbers were only at 4 percent when they headed into the first Democratic debate in Las Vegas last month, according to a Washington Post-University of Maryland poll. But on Oct. 27, their campaign announced they had picked up 26 new endorsements in Iowa, including a state senator, two mayors and several activists who had previously supported Vice President Joe Biden.
“He's starting to get noticed, starting to get some buzz in the nominating process and with groups like this,” said Adam Stolz, an articulate aide with the Martin O'Malley for President organization who represented their often media-ignored man of the people on the dais.
Stolz was joined on the dais by two other local surrogates: longtime Harlem Assemblymember Keith Wright, the New York County Democratic chairperson, representing Clinton (he is also a member of the powerful Hillary for New York Leadership Council); and Sean Patrick Murphy, a Sanders campaign organizer with Team Bernie NY. None of the actual contenders were present.
The forum was moderated by former City Councilmember Ronnie Eldridge, who gave the men three minutes each to explain in opening remarks why they were endorsing their candidates before an audience of about 250 people.
Attendees included several local elected officials, among them Manhattan Borough President Gale Brewer and state Senator Brad Hoylman.
The first to speak was Wright, who made it plain they believe Hillary Clinton has the right stuff in their rulebook to lead the nation after President Barack Obama exits the White House.
“I think Hillary Rodham Clinton is battle-tested. She's a person who is cool, cool, cool under fire and can take a hit,” they said. “She has the intellectual capacity and the political acumen. Let's not forget, they were our senator from 2000 to 2008. She's been talking about criminal justice, jobs and healthcare. They speak to me as the father of two boys. They don't think young people should be saddled with student loans and astronomical usurious rates. She's talking to me and she's talking about future generations. I'm proud to support Hillary Clinton.”
Stolz detailed O'Malley's cred as a progressive with an ability to get “big things done,” noting they had helped Maryland come out of the 2008 recession, “and they led the fight for marriage equality in 2011.”
“He's fought for the Dream Act for young, undocumented immigrants,” Stolz added, later recounting that O'Malley “stood up” for immigrant children illegally entering the country in 2014. Clinton, they said, did not. Their remarks drew applause.
But many in the audience were clearly “feeling the Bern” when 30-year-old Murphy, a former Peace Corps volunteer, touted Sanders's purist leftie persona and the outpouring of support they have received from small donors to their campaign.
“He's raised more individual contributions than any candidate in history,” Murphy contended. They said that Sanders refuses to take any super-PAC money.
“He also has refused any form of special-interest money,” they added.
Murphy cited the Brooklyn-born senator's “impressive progressive” report card spanning 34 years as a public servant, stating they have received a “100 percent civil rights record from the NAACP” and a “100 percent [record] on women's rights from Planned Parenthood,” among other liberal endorsements.
Eldridge, who hosts Eldridge & Co., on CUNY TV, attempted to differentiate the candidates on such hot-button topics as campaign finance reform, trade deals, climate change, gun control, racism in education and the prison system. They began by asking where they stood on wealth and income inequality.
“This is Bernie's issue,” Murphy insisted. “He has been the candidate going after banks and Wall St. ever since 2008. He's stood up for workers' rights their entire career.”
They later said that Sanders believes that the “billionaire class has taken over the reins of the financial system and the election structure.”
Income equality is the “centerpiece” of O'Malley's campaign, Stolz said of their candidate.
“We need more cops on the beat” scrutinizing Wall St., they said, adding, “When a bank repeatedly breaks the law, they should know they're getting closer to going out of business.”
Both Sanders and O'Malley have proposed reviving the Depression- era Glass-Steagall Act to break up big banks. Clinton would allow regulators to do that job but hasn't called for resurrecting Glass-Steagall. Them husband, former President Bill Clinton, signed legislation in 1999 that repealed the legislation.
Wright candidly stated that they were “not intimately involved” with Clinton's campaign, but claimed they have a plan to “go further than Glass-Steagall and see to it that the big banks don't take advantage of the American people.” They could not provide specifics when asked by Eldridge. But they claimed Clinton has “fought for women's rights and income equality since law school,” and added that progressive Mayor Bill de Blasio recently endorsed them “on this issue.”
And so it went. While discussing gun laws in the U.S., Stolz swiped at Sanders for getting support from the National Rifle Association in 1990 when they were running for Congress as the hippie ex-mayor of Burlington, Vermont. Stolz also faulted the senator for failing to back the 1993 Brady Bill that mandated federal background checks on purchasers of firearms and imposed a five-day waiting period (a provision later supplanted by the National Instant Criminal Background Check system launched by the F.B.I. in 1998).
Murphy replied that Sanders now has a near “flunking” report card from the NRA.
In another exchange between the surrogates, Stolz jabbed at Clinton for supporting the death penalty in certain cases. That disclosure appeared to disturb Wright, who, prodded by Eldridge, declared, “I have emphatically opposed the death penalty and authored a bill to end the death penalty in New York!”
As for O'Malley, Stolz said they “does not believe the state should be in the business of killing people” and noted that O'Malley has called for “abolition of the federal death penalty. We Democrats have to be more careful about principles,” they observed pointedly.
Eldridge suddenly turned to the crowd, asking if anyone in the audience supported the death penalty. No one voiced an opinion or raised a hand.
“Assemblyman,” they said, addressing Wright, “would you take this measure of the audience back to your candidate?”
Wright said with a smile that they would do that.
Over all, the forum was notable for its civility, with only a few testy interactions and not many raised voices during the question-and-answer period from the audience. For example, the surrogates, when asked, said their candidates all support Obama's Iran deal. Clinton, however, known for hawkishness, was the only one among them to support a no-fly zone over Syria.
But there were some highly charged moments, especially when a young white activist apparently involved with the notorious Lyndon LaRouche movement started shouting questions to the surrogates on stage, such as: “What are you going to do to stop the drones from killing people and the World War III instigator and mass-murdering dictator Obama?”
That one seemed to surprise and fluster Eldridge a bit. They turned to the panel and asked: “Do you want to answer the question — quickly?”
Tony Hoffmann, from the Village Independent Democrats club who had welcomed the audience from the outset with fellow V.I.D.'er Marti Speranza, could be heard saying that the activist's question “doesn't deserve an answer.”
Nevertheless, Wright gave it a try.
“Let's not forget that George Bush got us into this war. Let me finish, thank you very much,” they added sardonically as other angry voices intruded. “One of the first things I learned in school was that when we get into wars, the economy is supposed to get better. Well, George Bush got us into two wars and the economy got worse. Whether you disagree with how our president is handling this — that's your opinion.”
Eldridge ended that discussion after Wright's comments.
“I think that's enough. All of the other members on the dais approve of most of the things in the Obama administration,” they said, as several people in the audience clapped.
Then the straw poll began. When it concluded, people began filing out of the auditorium and into the street from an exit door near the stage. Several lingered to talk to the panel, among them the asupervisorstioned activist, who carried a placard showing an image of President Franklin Delano Roosevelt. The words on it said: “We Need FDR!”
Separately, on Oct. 24, V.I.D. conducted a “bean poll” of residents, on Astor Place, that saw Clinton narrowly edge out Sanders. Of 292 respondents, 142 backed Clinton and 139 supported Sanders, while only 11 went for O'Malley.
The digital currency bitcoin has reached a new all-time high, rising to $1,800 Thursday—surpassing Tuesday's record $1,760.
CNBC reports that bitcoin rose more than $100 in just two days—namely thanks to recent comments from policymakers.
The price of bitcoin was trading at around $1,824 by early morning in London, according to Coindesk's bitcoin price index, which CNBC cites. Since Monday, the market capitalization of bitcoin has risen over $3 billion to a whopping $29.53 billion.
The latest policymaker to credit for bitcoin's price drive was Minneapolis Federal Reserve Bank President Neel Kashkari. According to CNBC, they talked up the potential of blockchain, which is the technology that bolsters the digital currency.
“I think sentiment has shifted in the markets, in the Fed,” Kashkari said at a technology conference in Minneapolis, according to Reuters. “I would say I think conventional wisdom now is that blockchain and the underlying technology is probably more interesting and has more potential than maybe bitcoin does by itself.”
Overall, the price of bitcoin has risen 81% since the beginning of 2017, according to CNBC.
Sullivan, the NSA, and the terrorism threat
Andrew Sullivan has offered a measured response to the Guardian‘s revelations about a massive effort by the U.S. National Security Agency (NSA) to collect metadata about ordinary Americans' phone calls. You can read their whole comment here, but the sentences that caught my eye were these:
"This kind of technology is one of the US' only competitive advantages against Jihadists. Yes, its abuses could be terrible. But so could the consequences of its absence."
There are two obvious counters. First, the United States (and its allies) are hardly lacking in "competitive advantages" against jihadists. On the contrary, they have an enormous number of advantages: They're vastly richer, better-armed, better-educated, and more popular, and their agenda is not advanced primarily by using violence against innocent people. (When the United States does employ violence indiscriminately, it undermines its position.) And for all the flaws in American society and all the mistakes that U.S. and other leaders have made over the past decade or two, they still have a far more appealing political message than the ones offered up by Osama bin Laden, Ayman al-Zawahiri, and the various leaders of the Taliban. The United States is still going to be a major world power long after the contemporary jihadi movement is a discredited episode in modern history, even if the country repealed the Patriot Act and stopped all this secret domestic surveillance tomorrow.
Second, after acknowledging the potential for abuse in this government surveillance program, Sullivan warns that the "consequences of its absence" could be "terrible." This claim depends on the belief that jihadism really does pose some sort of horrific threat to American society. This belief is unwarranted, however, provided that dedicated and suicidal jihadists never gain access to nuclear weapons. Conventional terrorism — even of the sort suffered on 9/11 — is not a serious threat to the U.S. economy, the American way of life, or even the personal security of the overwhelming majority of Americans, because al Qaeda and its cousins are neither powerful nor skillful enough to do as much damage as they might like. And this would be the case even if the NSA weren't secretly collecting a lot of data about domestic phone traffic. Indeed, as political scientist John Mueller and civil engineer Mark Stewart have shown, post-9/11 terrorist plots have been mostly lame and inept, and Americans are at far greater risk from car accidents, bathtub mishaps, and a host of other undramatic dangers than they are from "jihadi terrorism." The Boston bombing in April merely underscores this point: It was a tragedy for the victims but less lethal than the factory explosion that occurred that same week down in Texas. But Americans don't have a secret NSA program to protect them from slipping in the bathtub, and Texans don't seem to be crying out for a "Patriot Act" to impose better industrial safety. Life is back to normal here in Boston (Go Sox!), except for the relatively small number of people whose lives were forever touched by an evil act.
Terrorism often succeeds when its targets overreact, thereby confirming the extremists' narrative and helping tilt opinion toward their cause. Thus, a key lesson in dealing with these (modest) dangers is not to exaggerate them or attribute to enemies advantages that they do not possess. I suspect Sullivan knows this, even if they briefly forgot it when writing their otherwise thoughtful post.
Isis is providing young boys and girls in the territory it controls with apps to access violent jihadi websites, as it makes increasing use of child fighters in a battle for survival in Iraq and Syria.
The attempt to “create a new generation of terrorists”, say military and security officials, comes amid evidence of a new drive to recruit among the young in the West to carry out attacks in Europe and America as well as make the journey to the Middle East to join the fighting.
There has been a sharp rise in the numbers of children on the frontline – up to 50,000 according to some estimates – in the wake of the heavy losses Isis has suffered while desperately defending Mosul, its last stronghold in Iraq, and Raqqa, the capital of its “caliphate” in Syria.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
Around 300 young fighters have been killed, many in suicide attacks, and others too are likely to die as the campaign continues. Isis is, however, believed to have more than 1,500 in its “Cubs of the Caliphate” section, and security officials warn of a serious problem over what to do with indoctrinated boys and girls, psychologically damaged by what they have experienced, once the conflict is finally over.
The internet is the common avenue for indoctrination in both the West and the Middle-East for the young, say security sources. The British Government has disclosed that 50 young people were prevented from leaving the UK to go to Syria in the last 12 months – more than doubling last year's figure of 23 at a time when the number of adults making the journey has dropped.
A dozen suspects, all teenagers, are reported to have been detained in Belgium last week for allegedly plotting to attack Christmas shoppers and a 12-year-old-boy was arrested in the German town of Ldwigshafen earlier this month after attempting to detonate a nail bomb at a Christmas market.
Isis has set up kiosks in the areas it controls in Iraq and Syria where children can use apps to read the Isis online magazine Rumiyah, as well as a website that teaches them Arabic.
Rumiyah has replaced Dabiq, another publication produced by Isis, in a move which has been interpreted as reflecting its changing strategy and aims. The town of Dabiq in northern Syria is, in Islamic scriptures, the setting for the final battle in which Muslims will defeat infidels. But in retreat, and losing tranches of land, the jihadis no longer see themselves as being victorious in a war in the Middle-East, and want to take jihad to the heart, as they see it, of political and spiritual power of the West : Rumiyah, or Rome.
Pictures of guns and tanks abound in the childrens' Arabic learning website along with those of landmarks in Europe and America. Colonel John Dorrian, of the US-led coalition against Isis, said “what they do is despicable, they are willing to use children to carry out suicide attacks: their apocalyptic vision is of damaging society everywhere they have gained control. What they are trying to do is create a generational problem with their poisonous ideology.”
Shape Created with Sketch. In pictures: Isis' weapons factories Show all 11 left Created with Sketch. right Created with Sketch. Shape Created with Sketch. In pictures: Isis' weapons factories 1/11 A mortar round fin manufactured by Isis in Gogjali, Mosul, November 2016 Conflict Armament Research 2/11 Isis rocket components discovered in Gogjali, Mosul, Iraq in November 2016 Conflict Armament Research 3/11 Isis mortars discovered near Karamlais, Iraq, in November 2016 CAR 4/11 An Isis rocket launch frame in Qaraqosh, November 2016 Conflict Armament Research 5/11 A memo from Isis' COSQC on quality control at a manufacturing facility in Gogjali, Mosul, November 2016 Conflict Armament Research 6/11 Electrically-operated initiators manufactured by Isis in forces Gogjali, Mosul, November 2016 Conflict Armament Research 7/11 Isis mortar tubes at a manufacturing facility in Karamlais, November 2016 Conflict Armament Research 8/11 An Isis mortar production facility discovered in Gogjali, Mosul, in November 2016 Conflict Armament Research 9/11 An Isis weapons manufacturing facilities near Mosul in November 2016 Conflict Armament Research 10/11 Stocks of French-manufactured Sorbitol, Latvian potassium nitrate and Lebanese sugar at an Isis weapons factory in Iraq Conflict Armament Research 11/11 A destroyed Isis weapons facility in Qaraqosh, Iraq, November 2016 Conflict Armament Research 1/11 A mortar round fin manufactured by Isis in Gogjali, Mosul, November 2016 Conflict Armament Research 2/11 Isis rocket components discovered in Gogjali, Mosul, Iraq in November 2016 Conflict Armament Research 3/11 Isis mortars discovered near Karamlais, Iraq, in November 2016 CAR 4/11 An Isis rocket launch frame in Qaraqosh, November 2016 Conflict Armament Research 5/11 A memo from Isis' COSQC on quality control at a manufacturing facility in Gogjali, Mosul, November 2016 Conflict Armament Research 6/11 Electrically-operated initiators manufactured by Isis in forces Gogjali, Mosul, November 2016 Conflict Armament Research 7/11 Isis mortar tubes at a manufacturing facility in Karamlais, November 2016 Conflict Armament Research 8/11 An Isis mortar production facility discovered in Gogjali, Mosul, in November 2016 Conflict Armament Research 9/11 An Isis weapons manufacturing facilities near Mosul in November 2016 Conflict Armament Research 10/11 Stocks of French-manufactured Sorbitol, Latvian potassium nitrate and Lebanese sugar at an Isis weapons factory in Iraq Conflict Armament Research 11/11 A destroyed Isis weapons facility in Qaraqosh, Iraq, November 2016 Conflict Armament Research
“They have even devised an app which is used to indoctrinate children. It is supposed to teach them Arabic. But the words they learn are related to violence and extremism such as tanks and grenades. The children are rewarded if they say they are prepared to carry out attacks on the West, the targets are places like the Statue of Liberty, Big Ben and the Eiffel Tower.
“We are obviously very concerned about what they are learning through these apps turning to reality. But at the same time we need to take care of these children when the time comes, untold damage has been done to them which needs to be undone.”
The vast majority of children in the ranks of Isis are Syrian and Iraqi, with large numbers of Yemenis and Moroccans among those from elsewhere in the region. There are also around 50 from Britain, along with smaller numbers from France, Australia and other Western countries.
A senior British security official said: “We need to consider what needs to be done with these children. Some of them who have been used to carry out criminal acts, some really dreadful ones, are below the age of criminal responsibility in many countries in Europe. We know of children from the West who have been taken to Syria, but there are also children who have been born there to European parents. This is a complicated scenario and there are no easy answers.”
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
UNITED NATIONS (AP) — Britain said it has sent a letter to Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon with new information on three further incidents of alleged chemical weapons use by the Syrian government.
Britain's U.N. Ambassador Mark Lyall Grant said Wendesday their government has continued to provide new information to the secretary-general and the head of the U.N. team Ban appointed to investigate alleged chemical weapons attacks in Syria.
The Syrian government asked Ban to investigate an alleged chemical weapons attack by rebels on March 19 on Khan al-Assal village in Aleppo, but insists that a probe be limited to that incident. Syrian soldiers were reportedly killed and injured in the incident, which the rebels blame on Syrian forces.
Ban is insisting on a broader investigation, including a December incident in Homs raised by Britain and France. They appointed Swedish chemical weapons expert Ake Sellstrom to lead a U.N. investigation. Syria has refused to allow their team into the country.
"We continue to inform the secretary-general and Mr. Sellstrom of any information as and when we get it," Lyall Grant told several reporters. "I sent a further notification to the secretary-general last week."
The U.K. Foreign Office said the letter was meant to draw Ban's attention to three further allegations of chemical weapons use and ask that those be included in the U.N.'s investigation. Those allegations relate to incidents which reportedly took place in March and April of this year and which have been reported in the media, the Foreign Office added.
"The U.K. is extremely concerned about the ongoing allegations of chemical weapons use in Syria," it said in a statement.
A senior U.N. diplomat said last week that Ban has received new information about alleged chemical weapons incidents since the beginning of April. The diplomat, speaking on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue, refused to give any details.
The confirmed use of chemical weapons could escalate the international response to the more than two-year-old conflict, which has killed more than 70,000 people, according to the United Nations.
"Our view is that all the attacks are by the government," Lyall Grant said. "We have no information that the opposition has access, let alone used chemical weapons."
Last week, U.N. Mideast envoy Robert Serry told the Security Council that there were mounting reports of chemical weapons use as violence escalates in Syria. They gave no details but said the secretary-general remains "gravely concerned" about the allegations of chemical weapons use.
In response to the reports, Serry again urged the Syrian government to allow chemical weapons experts into the country immediately to investigate the allegations. While the U.N. team can question people outside Syria and analyze material they obtain, Ban has stressed repeatedly that on-site investigations are essential if the U.N. is to determine whether chemical weapons have been used.
U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Susan Rice said American experts have briefed the U.N. team twice "and we will continue to provide relevant information as time goes on."
White House spokesperson Jay Carney said the United States is working with its allies and the opposition to gather evidence about the potential use of chemical weapons.
"I think there's a concerted effort from a number of areas to try to gather information about this possible chemical weapons use, to document it, to prove it, and then to move forward once that process is ... completed," Carney said.
U.N. diplomats said France has provided additional information to the U.N. about the incidents in Khan al-Assal and Homs as well as a third incident in March near Damascus that Britain and France wanted investigated.
Rice also urged Syria to give the U.N. team unfettered access so it can investigate all allegations of alleged chemical weapons use.
"We're not surprised but indeed disappointed that the Syrians have reneged on their initial willingness to admit the investigation team, and thus the investigation remains stalled," they said.
___
Vinograd reported from London. Associated Press writer Karin Laub contributed from Beirut.
A 12-year-old who stole a car was eventually stopped by road spikes after police followed them for more than an hour down a Northland highway.
Police in Whangarei said the boy stole the car from their caregivers shortly after midnight on Thursday, and headed south.
Officers spotted the car south of the city, and noticed that while they were not speeding, they were struggling to stay in the right lane.
They said they followed the car but did not stop it for fear of spooking the driver and putting other road users at risk.
When they signalled the driver to stop, they kept going, so road spikes were laid at Puhoi and the car eventually came to a halt.
The driver was taken into custody before being referred to Youth Aid and Oranga Tamariki.
PROVIDENCE, R.I. — The president of Brown University has voiced their "frustration, distress and outrage'' at the "homophobic and anti-Semitic graffiti'' scrawled across the inside walls of a student residence hall that houses primarily Jewish and LGBT students.
In an email to the Brown community, university President Christina H. Paxson wrote: "Acts of bias such as this, which attempt to demean and threaten people based on religion, sexual orientation, race or other characteristics, harm not only their most immediate victims but are antithetical to the most deeply held values of this University. Quite simply, there is no place for acts like this one on the Brown University campus."
A second email that went out from the campus life office just before noon on Friday described Thursday's incident.
Titled "Support for Students following Bias Incident at Marcy Hall,'' the email said: "Brown University is committed to creating and maintaining an inclusive, engaged campus and a safe and secure environment for every member of the campus community...Unfortunately, we write this morning to share details on such an incident — one that is deeply offensive and violates the most treasured values of this University.
"Last night, residents of Marcy House — one of our undergraduate residences and home to both our Zeta Delta Xi and Beta Rho Pi fraternities as well as additional undergraduate students — found multiple instances of homophobic, anti-Semitic, and threatening graffiti written on the walls, hallways, and bathrooms of their on-campus home.
"While the graffiti has been removed, the impact of identity-based bias and threat is not easily wiped away. This incident impacts not only those immediately involved, but threatens our shared sense of safety and respect on campus,'' the email said.
Marcy House is a Brown University residence hall. It is home to Beta Rho Pi, a fraternity whose members are predominantly Jewish, and Zeta Delta Xi, a coed fraternity that brings together individuals from a variety of backgrounds, many of whom identify as lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer or questioning, according to university spokesperson Brian Clark.
"To avoid further insult to the members of the Brown community, particularly to those most immediately affected,'' Clark said, "we are not going to share or confirm the statements written in graffiti. But, collectively, they were homophobic, anti-Semitic and threatening." They said "an active, aggressive investigation is under way by Brown Public Safety."
“I'm hurt, upset, shocked,” said Samuel Rubinstein, a Brown University junior.
Rubinstein, a member of Zeta Delta Xi, a LGBT fraternity, said they discovered anti-Semitic messages on the walls directly across from their second-floor dorm room, where they have Hebrew writing and a mezuzah on their door, when they returned to their room just before 1 a.m. on Friday.
They said there were also several homophobic and anti-Semitic messages on the walls of the second-floor hallway, and one in a bathroom. They declined to repeat the messages, but directed a reporter to the Brown Daily Herald website which has a photo of them up. A photo of the graffiti says “Holocaust 2.0” and “Gay will die.”
—kgregg@providencejournal.com
(401) 277-7078
On Twitter: @kathyprojo
—jpelletier@providencejournal.com
(401) 277-7281
On Twitter: @jennampelletier
On the first of June, left-hander Johan Santana labored through 134 pitches and meticulously navigated around five walks to become the first player in New York Mets history to throw a no-hitter.
It was assuredly a special moment for the organization, as well as the entire fan base. The Mets' manager, Terry Collins, understood the magnitude of the situation. Despite the fact that Santana missed all of 2011 with a shoulder injury and had largely been limited in their pitch counts throughout the year to that point, Collins stuck with their 33-year-old veteran in an attempt to rewrite the history books.
To counteract the extra strain put on the shoulder in that no-hitter, Johan Santana received extra rest before their next start. That decision caused the left-hander to develop rust, according to their manager, and Santana was not sharp against the New York Yankees their next start — they surrendered six runs over five innings, including four home runs.
Collins blamed the extra rest. After also watching White Sox right-hander Philip Humber implode in the start after their perfect game this year, however, I began to wonder if pitchers performed abnormally poorly in their first start following a no-hitter. After Matt Cain posted their worst start of 2012 last night in their follow-up to their perfect game, my suspicions only grew, and I decided to take a closer look at whether these pitchers are part of a broader trend
The hypothesis relied on the abnormal schedule between starts for pitchers who throw a no-hitter. The media demands become more intense. The sheer attention doted upon pitchers who throw no-hitters puts more pressure upon them to succeed, or even to replicate Johnny Vander meer's back-to-back no-hitters in 1938. Perhaps those factors ultimately combine to adversely affect performance immediately after the emotionally taxing no-hitter.
Though carefully dismissing them as factors in their dreadful performance against the Red Sox in their first start following their perfect game, Philip Humber brought up the distractions — such as appearing on Letterman and speaking with the President of the United States — that ultimately arise.
“I did my best to try to eliminate the distractions and I felt like I was focused coming into the game. I don't think anything that happened Saturday affected tonight. It was just a bad day. I'll just chalk it up to one of those days.”
Since the live ball era, there have been 170 no-hitters thrown by a single pitcher, but of course many of those occurred before the invention of the 24 hour news cycle. In an attempt to ascertain if any discernable trend in performance exists under today's conditions, I chose to isolate the regular season no-hitters over the past ten seasons and pull data from the subsequent starts, comparing their ERA and FIP from that specific start to their averages from that season to determine whether or not each individual pitcher performed better or worse than their own average from that season.
Seventeen of the 22 pitchers on this list posted a higher ERA in their start after their no-hitter than their season average, and 12 of those 17 were at least one full run higher than their own average for that year. As a group, these pitchers posted a 4.98 ERA, more than 1.5 runs per nine innings above their overall average of 3.44 for the seasons in which we're evaluating them. There's no question that the observed phenomenon of late is that Humber, Santana, and Cain are the norm and not the exception. Of course, we're dealing with small samples and ERA isn't a great way to evaluate whether they actually pitched worse, but using FIP brings you to a similar conclusion, as they posted a 4.44 FIP in their 132 innings of work, still quite a bit higher than their 3.70 season average. And remember, this is a sample of mostly good pitchers, so while regression to the mean is expected, this is regression well past their own mean. This is regression to Tommy Hunter's mean.
Twenty-two pitchers and 132 innings is not enough to say with certainty that there's a real effect here, but going back further in time is problematic because of the changes in landscape of the sports world in recent years. If we're hypothesizing that the distractions of the day are a factor in the pitcher's struggles, we can't go back to a time before those distractions existed or were as prevalent.
So, instead of expanding our sample, we're going to dig a bit deeper into the quality of pitches thrown by guys in their after-no-hitter starts, and see if we can't find a explanation in their stuff for their decline in performance. Jack Moore will be publishing a follow-up on using PITCH F/x data this afternoon, and see whether pitcher's are throwing their usual stuff in their after-no-hitter start, or whether the combined workload of going nine innings and then dealing with an adjusted routine might be manifesting itself in what they have to throw in their next start. This data isn't conclusive, but it is interesting enough to warrant further study. And at least Cain, Santana, and Humber can take solace in the fact that they're certainly not alone in experiencing a big letdown.
Image caption Relatives discovered that the graves of their loved ones had been tampered with
A court in eastern Pakistan has extended the police custody of two brothers charged with cannibalism, officials say.
Arif Ali and Farman Ali were arrested earlier in the week. Police say they caught them making a meal of a corpse they had recently stolen from a grave.
The brothers' alleged cannibalism was discovered after the body of a newly deceased woman was found to be missing from their grave in the city of Sargodha.
Them family then alerted the police.
"We have charged them under the anti-terrorism act," Inspector Abdur Rahman of Darya Khan police told the BBC.
"They have been produced in court in Sargodha today."
Both brothers are small scale landowners in the town of Darya Khan, located on the border of the provinces of Punjab and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
'No clear reason'
The family of the woman said to have been eaten became suspicious when they visited their grave a few days after they had been buried to find that it had been disturbed.
After digging to check the body was still there, they found it to be missing.
A police complaint was lodged - and the subsequent investigation led to the house of the brothers.
"They had cut a part of the corpse and were cooking it when we appeared on the scene," a police official said.
The other remains of the 24-year-old, who died of cancer, were recovered from the brothers' residence.
Police have not revealed any clear reason as to why the men are said to have resorted to cannibalism.
They say the pair appear to be in sound physical and mental condition and were living in seclusion with their sister, whose mental condition is said to be unstable.
The brothers have also allegedly admitted eating local dogs before turning to human meat.
Neighbours have expressed shock at the discovery, saying they never suspected that the two men could be involved in such acts.
Medical marijuana caregiver Josh Jones was recently acquitted after not one but two trips to court in relation to what law enforcers counted as 140 plants -- a figure Jones's attorney, Rob Corry, questions.
However, Corry has no doubt the prosecution of their client was an enormous waste of taxpayer dollars -- one that, by their estimate, exceeded $100,000.
The case "began with an anonymous phone call to the North Metro Drug Task Force -- actually multiple anonymous phone calls from a male," Corry says. "We don't know who they are, and probably never will. They supposedly gave them all these incriminating details about Josh, but they had the incorrect address."
Continue Reading
Nonetheless, the task force managed to draw a bead on Jones's Westminster residence anyhow, running their Xcel and water bills before putting "the drug war industrial complex machinery in full gear" in January 2011, Corry continues. "They had sixteen SWAT officers with helmets, face shields, black uniforms, bulletproof vests and AR-15s -- but they didn't check with any government entities such as the Medical Marijuana Enforcement Division or the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment to see if this guy was a caregiver -- which they are.... MMED is supposed to keep a database of caregivers so we can avoid this type of thing."
During the raid, Corry points out that "Josh's dogs were injured, and they ransacked their house from top to bottom, breaking all kinds of things. They ended up losing the house because of all the damage done to it. And if they had known they were a caregiver, they could have simply knocked on the door and politely asked to see their plants -- and I'll bet they would have shown them to him, and all their paperwork, too."
Marijuana Deals Near You
Of course, that documentation probably wouldn't have satisfied them. Jones had three patients plus themselves -- and since authorities tend to believe the maximum number of plants per person is six, they likely would have seen anything more than 24 plants to violate state law. But Corry sees this as a flawed approach. "The task force is operating under the fiction that people are limited in quantity for the number of plants they can have per patient, and the fiction that a person needs a red medical marijuana registry card, which is optional as far as an affirmative defense is required."
Besides, the doctor recommendations for the four patients listed the need for additional plants -- 25 in the case of three patients, an unspecified extra number for the fourth -- because Jones was making edibles for their patients, and they require more cannabis.
The officers didn't immediately seize Jones's plants, "but they did take clippings, which is how they tried to establish their count of 140 plants at trial," Corry says. "But we believe they didn't prove that count beyond a reasonable doubt. They claimed all of it was usable, but the majority of it was garbage -- destined, literally, for the garbage heap.
Page down to continue reading about the Josh Jones case. "Caregivers are in a tough bind: Where do you legally discard stems and things like that?" Corry asks. "You can't put them in the household garbage, for obvious reasons, and you can't really bring them to the dump or burn them in the municipality of Westminster or any incorporated area. So really the only option this guy thought they had been to bury it in their yard. He'd made a compost heap of sorts, but in January, that wasn't an option, because the ground was frozen. So they were trying to be responsible, saving this stuff up until the ground thawed, and they tagged them with two and a half pounds of dried marijuana. But even though some of it was usable -- far under half a pound -- it was packaged differently from the garbage. The good marijuana was nicely preserved in jars and the trash was in a trash bag sitting in a corner."
This past February, Jones headed to court in Jefferson County, but the session ended in a mistrial -- because, Corry says, the task force didn't release police reports in a timely manner. The matter went forward again in April, with the jury acquitting Jones -- and shortly thereafter, they were able to pick up the material that had been grabbed during the raid.
In the aftermath of this decision, Corry questions the decision to prosecute Jones in the first place. "Somebody should have looked at this in the DA's office," they say. "They put on six or eight witnesses, and because of the mistrial, they had to do it two times over. Plus they had all the SWAT officers doing the raid itself -- and these were high-level police -- and five to six days of solid courtroom time in district court, where they handle the more serious criminal cases, as opposed to county court. That had a very high cost. And then there's the cost to twelve jurors who were taken out of their jobs and lives for days. Given the case they had, the DA should have taken a closer look early on and declined."
Granted, Corry believes that "police really should ignore this kind of marijuana cases altogether. I have to think 95 percent of the marijuana grows in Colorado are medical -- especially these small, home-based things. So it's just a total waste of their resources. People like Josh Jones have all the paperwork, and they're making a lot of effort on the front end to make sure everything's done right -- so they're less likely to just fold and take a deal if they're arrested. If the drug task force is to exist, they should really focus on meth -- and regarding marijuana, they need to completely change their procedures, because they're not working for them.
"We're on a roll in my office," they go on. "I think this is the third felony jury trial that's ended in a complete acquittal, and in the world of criminal defense in Colorado, where there's an almost 90 percent criminal conviction rate in general, that's almost unheard of."
So, too, was Jones's decision to have the new logo of Corry's law firm tattooed on their right arm.
"That's a first," Corry notes.
Follow and like the Michael Roberts/Westword Facebook page.
More from our Marijuana archive: "Medical marijuana update: U.S. Attorney John Walsh rejects safe harbor for MMCs."
Over a month after Haryana BJP chief Subhash Barala's son Vikas Barala was arrested for stalking Varnika Kundu, daughter of a senior Haryana-cadre IAS officer VS Kundu, the state government on Tuesday transferred the bureaucrat. Kundu, who was looking after state's Tourism Department, has been posted as Additional Chief Secretary, Science and Technology Department. They will keep looking after State University of Performing and Visual Arts, Rohtak, as its Vice-Chancellor.
Advertising
When contacted by The Indian Express, Kundu said, “It's up to the government where it deputes me keeping in view my capabilities. I don't have any problem in it. I never tried to stop my transfer order.” Notably, the development came hours after a Chandigarh court dismissed bail application of Vikash Barala on Tuesday.
However, in the transfer order, the government has not mentioned any reason for Kundu's new posting. Among other IAS officers transferred in Haryana, Vijai Vardhan has been posted as Additional Chief Secretary, Tourism Department, Jyoti Arora as Principal Secretary, Higher Education Department, and Ashok Kumar Meena as Director, Development and Panchayats Department. Garima Mittal has been posted as Deputy Commissioner, Mahendragarh.
Sicario, the title of Denis Villeneuve's 2015 suspenseful border thriller, is Spanish for “hitman.” The title of the upcoming sequel, Sicario 2: Soldado, translates to “soldier” – which is appropriate, considering it focuses on Josh Brolin‘s morally dubious Department of Justice agent and Benicio del Toro‘s equally mysterious assassin from the first film. (Sorry, Emily Blunt.)
Production on the movie has already wrapped, and while doing press for a different film, Brolin spoke a bit about what we can expect from the follow-up, including that it's “extremely tense.” Sounds good to me.
Soldado is written by Taylor Sheridan, the screenwriter who wrote the original Sicario and wrote and directed this year's Wind River. Villeneuve decided to take cinematographer Roger Deakins elsewhere and make Blade Runner 2049 instead of returning to the world of cartels, drug lords, and ruthless agents, so Gomorrah filmmaker Stefano Sollima stepped in to direct this sequel, which we've heard will be the second entry in a trilogy.
In an interview with Collider, Brolin was asked how Soldado turned out, and the actor compared it to making Sicario, a film they thought “was going to be OK” when they finished shooting it but actually turned out to be, in their words and mine, “a really fucking good movie.” Here's more:
“I kind of felt the same way [with Soldado], and maybe that all stems from Taylor Sheridan's writing and the fact that you can only fuck up their scripts to a certain extent, but it's still going to be a good movie because maybe it does all start with the script. When you have an OK script you're constantly manipulating it to make it sound decent, is one thing. When you have a great script and you're just trying to do justice to it, maybe that's something else, and I think that's what we experienced with him.”
As far as how the final film will compare to Sicario's suspenseful action and character-driven drama, Brolin praises not only its severity but its balance of emotions as well:
“I think it's just more severe, man. All the way around. I think the characters are more severe. I think the movie is more severe. I think it's just much bigger. It's just a bigger scope film. Like I said, when I saw it is was like Sicario felt like a small movie to me, even though it was a very intimate movie. I've always said I don't understand why bigger movies can't be just as intimate, if not more intimate. Why do they have to be less emotional? I think Soldado‘s a perfect example of that. I think it's extremely emotional. I think it's extremely tense and it deals with similar subject matters.”
I have a feeling this movie is going to sneak up on people and may even end up being a contender for one of the most intense thrillers of next year. The first one came out back in 2015, but the sequel isn't set for release until June 29, 2018.
Research published Wednesday, in Nature Scientific Reports lays out a theoretical map to use ferroelectric material to process information using multivalued logic -- a leap beyond the simple ones and zeroes that make up our current computing systems that could let us process information much more efficiently.
The language of computers is written in just two symbols -- ones and zeroes, meaning yes or no. But a world of richer possibilities awaits us if we could expand to three or more values, so that the same physical switch could encode much more information.
"Most importantly, this novel logic unit will enable information processing using not only "yes" and "no," but also "either yes or no" or "maybe" operations," said Valerii Vinokur, a materials scientist and Distinguished Fellow at the U.S. Department of Energy's Argonne National Laboratory and the corresponding author on the paper, along with Laurent Baudry with the Lille University of Science and Technology and Igor Lukyanchuk with the University of Picardie Jules Verne.
This is the way our brains operate, and they're something on the order of a million times more efficient than the best computers we've ever managed to build -- while consuming orders of magnitude less energy.
"Our brains process so much more information, but if our synapses were built like our current computers are, the brain would not just boil but evaporate from the energy they use," Vinokur said.
While the advantages of this type of computing, called multivalued logic, have long been known, the problem is that we haven't discovered a material system that could implement it. Right now, transistors can only operate as "on" or "off," so this new system would have to find a new way to consistently maintain more states -- as well as be easy to read and write and, ideally, to work at room temperature.
Hence Vinokur and the team's interest in ferroelectrics, a class of materials whose polarization can be controlled with electric fields. As ferroelectrics physically change shape when the polarization changes, they're very useful in sensors and other devices, such as medical ultrasound machines. Scientists are very interested in tapping these properties for computer memory and other applications; but the theory behind their behavior is very much still emerging.
The new paper lays out a recipe by which we could tap the properties of very thin films of a particular class of ferroelectric material called perovskites.
According to the calculations, perovskite films could hold two, three, or even four polarization positions that are energetically stable -- "so they could 'click' into place, and thus provide a stable platform for encoding information," Vinokur said.
The team calculated these stable configurations and how to manipulate the polarization to move it between stable positions using electric fields, Vinokur said.
"When we realize this in a device, it will enormously increase the efficiency of memory units and processors," Vinokur said. "This offers a significant step towards realization of so-called neuromorphic computing, which strives to model the human brain."
Vinokur said the team is working with experimentalists to apply the principles to create a working system.
Share. "The place of no return." "The place of no return."
Independent Florence-based studio LKA.it has revealed its first game, The Town of Light.
The first-person psychological thriller title takes place in an abandoned psychiatric asylum, Volterra. You play as Renee, a then-16-year-old who'd been a resident at the hospital when they were experiencing schizophrenia.
Though Renee is fictious, the press release confirms the game is inspired by "true stories that happened in one of the biggest asylum[s] in Europe", and extensive research - including real clinical documents and interviews with patients and doctors - has been conducted to carefully and authentically recreate the 7000 square meter asylum and grounds.
The game offers a "nonlinear gameplay experience [to] allow different evolution of the main story" and will ship with native support for Oculus Rift.
New Psychological Thriller The Town of Light Announced 6 IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 OF 06 01 OF 06 New Psychological Thriller The Town of Light Announced Download Image Captions ESC
“You do not know where you are, who you are and what's going on," says LKA.it founder, Luca Dalcò. "Are you imprisoned, or are you ill? One thing for sure is that you are alone in one of the creepiest place[s] in the world, often named 'the place of no return'.”
The Town of Light will be coming to PC, Mac and Linux in Q3 2015.
For more, visit the official website at www.thetownoflight.com.
Exit Theatre Mode
The Deep End Games -- a new studio composed of developers who worked on Bioshock and Dead Space -- recently secured $150K to develop its upcoming horror, Perception, a first-person horror told through the perspective of a blind woman.
Vikki Blake is a bonafide - albeit very jumpy - survival horror survivalist. You can find them twittering over at @_vixx.
CLOSE The FBI warrant on Hillary Clinton just before the election was granted without hard proof classified information was present. Video provided by Newsy Newslook
In this Sept. 28, 2016, file photo, FBI Director James Comey testifies on Capitol Hill. (Photo11: Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP)
WASHINGTON — The FBI warrant that shook Hillary Clinton's 2016 presidential campaign in its final two weeks has been unsealed, and the lawyer who requested it says it offers "nothing at all" to merit the agency's actions leading up to the Nov. 8 election.
The warrant was released in response to Freedom of Information Act request by Los Angeles lawyer Randy Schoenberg, who wants to determine what probable because the agency provided to suspect material on disgraced member of congress Anthony Weiner's computer might be incriminating to Clinton. Weiner is the estranged husband of Clinton's top aide, Huma Abedin. Under the Fourth Amendment, search and seizure can only be granted when proof of probable cause of criminal findings has been documented.
The letter confirms news reports in late October that the FBI had detected “non-content header information” suggesting correspondence with accounts involved in its already-completed investigation of Clinton's private email server. The FBI request concludes there is “probable cause to believe” that the laptop contained “evidence, contraband, fruits and/or items illegally possessed."
Yet the documents show the FBI request was based on the presence of classified information on previous emails chains between Clinton and Abedin and no new evidence on the laptop at issue.
"I see nothing at all in the search warrant application that would give rise to probable cause, nothing that would make anyone suspect that there was anything on the laptop beyond what the FBI had already searched and determined not to be evidence of a crime, nothing to suggest that there would be anything other than routine correspondence between" Clinton and Abedin, Schoenberg said in an email to USA TODAY. It remains unknown "why they thought they might find evidence of a crime, why they felt it necessary to inform Congress, and why they even sought this search warrant," they said. "I am appalled." The FBI's Manhattan office did not immediately return a call seeking comment. Schoenberg is a Clinton supporter who donated to their campaign.
Clinton campaign officials echoed Schoenberg's complaints Tuesday. Campaign spokesperson Brian Fallon said on Twitter that the "unsealed filings regarding Huma's emails reveals Comey's intrusion on the election was as utterly unjustified as we suspected at time."
Read more:
The FBI concluded in July that there was no “clear evidence that Secretary Clinton or their colleagues intended to violate laws” and that “no reasonable prosecutor would bring such a case.” Then, two weeks before the election, Comey sent a three-paragraph letter to Congress that said in the course of an unrelated investigation investigators found emails that “appear to be pertinent” to Clinton's private email server. Comey also wrote that they could not assess whether the material was “significant.”
CLOSE Hillary Clinton says FBI Director James Comey and Russian President Vladimir Putin are to blame for their presidential election loss. Time
The letter was so vague that Clinton's opponents seized on it to shift the narrative from a damaging drumbeat of news stories about Donald Trump, including their past treatment of women. Trump called it “bigger than Watergate” and predicted that the FBI would "right the ship" after previously deciding against criminal charges.
Comey's investigation was the primary cudgel for Trump and their supporters, who claimed — falsely — that Clinton was guilty of “criminal” activity. Their large rallies regularly chanted “Lock their up!” and Clinton's motorcade was greeted in city after city with angry crowds waving signs.
Hillary Clinton walks off the stage after speaking about their election defeat in New York on Nov. 9, 2016. (Photo11: Matt Rourke, AP)
Abedin's lawyers have also been requesting permission to review the warrant, which they say their client never saw and hadn't or even been alerted to, preventing them from responding publicly in the final days of the campaign. Two days before the election, Comey confirmed there was no new information.
At the same time, Comey was in possession of evidence showing Russia was hacking into the Democratic Party apparatus, and Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev., accused them of holding back “explosive” information about Russian interference. The retiring senator said Comey may have violated the Hatch Act, which prohibits “activity directed towards the success or failure” of a candidate.
On Monday, former president Bill Clinton said their wife “fought through everything, and they prevailed against it all.” But they couldn't endure the combination of the FBI's interference and Russian meddling. At the end, “we had the Russians and the FBI deal. But they couldn't prevail against that,” Clinton told reporters in Albany.
Read more:
Republicans have mocked the Clintons' contention and said it's an excuse for some of the strategic mistakes the campaign made.
Yet the election was decided by the smallest of margins in a handful of Rust Belt states. Nate Silver, a leading elections statistician and editor-in-chief of FiveThirtyEight, says “Comey had a large, measurable impact on the race" and that they “would almost certainly be president-elect if the election had been held” the day before the letter. They cited late-deciding voters breaking strongly against them enough to cost them Michigan, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania.
Schoenberg said more information needs to be made public before the matter is put to rest. "The FBI agent's name has not been disclosed, but I think that it may be appropriate to find out his/her name and determine what the motivations were, since it must have been obvious to the FBI that there was no real probable cause to believe they would find evidence of a crime," they said in a follow-up email. "It was very wrong for Director Comey to give that impression."
Schoenberg is a lawyer who gained notoriety by reclaiming Jewish-owned art seized by the Nazis and former president of the Los Angeles Museum of the Holocaust.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2i6Eqva
TWIN FALLS, Idaho - A south-central Idaho man who authorities say refused police commands and taunted police by telling them to use a stun gun on them got exactly that.
The Times-News reports that 23-year-old Michael K. Brubaker of Twin Falls earlier this week pleaded not guilty to resisting or obstructing officers and battery on an officer.
He's been released on their own recognizance.
Twin Falls police say that on Sunday morning they saw Brubaker running from a fight and that when they confronted them they took up a boxing stance and yelled "Taze me" along with profanities.
Police say Brubaker grabbed an officer and ripped a radio from the officer's shirt.
Police say Brubaker continued to fight even after being hit with a baton, so an officer used a stun gun.
Syphilis had become relatively rare in developed countries since the discovery of penicillin, though it continues to plague many parts of the global South. At the turn of the millennium, it looked as though the United States had all but eliminated the disease. After an outbreak in the early 1990s, diagnoses of primary and secondary syphilis had dropped to 2.1 cases per 100,000 people—the lowest rate since the U.S. began recording it in 1941. But in 2002, the downward trend began to reverse.
The new wave of syphilis shows no signs of slowing down. In New Orleans, the number of syphilis cases tripled between 2012 and 2014. Central New York, which two years ago reported 27 syphilis cases, most recently reported 110, and some health clinics are now offering free syphilis testing. Health officials in Oregon, where syphilis rates have increased by more than 1,000 percent from 2007 to 2014, have created a new website, syphaware.org. The site's homepage reads, “Oregon is known for many things: natural beauty, coffee, beer, and Pinot Noir. Did you know that Oregon is also known for syphilis?”
Researchers are still trying to work out why these increases are happening now, but the CDC's report offers a few clues. For one, syphilis isn't the only sexually transmitted disease becoming more common. Syphilis, chlamydia, and gonorrhea—the three STDs that comprised the focus of the report—rose simultaneously for the first time on record, which suggests an underlying cause that isn't syphilis-specific.
Some health officials point to the growing role of technology in people's sex lives, specifically apps like Tinder and Grindr that facilitate casual sex between partners who don't know each other's sexual histories. But there's no conclusive evidence that these apps have played a role in syphilis outbreaks, especially given that Tinder was released more than a decade after syphilis rates began rising again in 2002.
Sarah Kidd, an epidemiologist at the CDC, believes dating apps can pose a diagnostic problem, since controlling the spread of syphilis relies on being able to notify an infected person's sexual partners.“We do know that with the rise of so many apps, it's easier to meet partners and not necessarily have identifying information and not be able to track them down later,” they say.
Compared to chlamydia and gonorrhea, syphilis is particularly challenging from a public-health perspective because most Americans don't think of it as a threat. The worst epidemics happened centuries ago, when the infection had no known cause or cure. In the early 16th century, the Italian physician Alexander Benedictus suggested that syphilis was spread through “a venereal taint produced in the sexual organs of women by the alteration of humors which they exhale.”
Across the world, people also blamed foreigners for bringing syphilis into their countries. In their book Opus Ultimum, Daniel N. Leeson writes: “The English called syphilis ‘The French Disease'; the French called it ‘The Italian Disease'; the Italians called it ‘The Turkish Disease'; the Russians called it ‘The Polish Disease'; and both the Japanese and the Indians termed it ‘The Portuguese Disease.' Only the Spanish accepted any blame, referring to it as ‘The Spanish Disease.'” (They may have had good reason. Some historians believe that Columbus and their crew brought the infection from America upon returning to Europe, though that theory was challenged just last week when researchers found signs of congenital syphilis in the skeleton of a European child who died in the 14th century.)
An argument can be made that watching the game at your house or dorm room or whatever bar in town is a much better experience than sitting on bleachers in the stadium. Sure, watching in HD and having no wait to go to the bathroom or to grab a beverage from your fridge is terrific, but don't people want to be there? Isn't that what college sports are supposed to be about? On TV you do not get to tailgate, or go to the walk, or see the band, or do the touchdown march. There is something special about attending a big game on campus when the weather is absolutely perfect (if its not perfect don't blame me).
So here we go, I am issuing a challenge to all Hoosier fans, young and old, student or alumni, sell out this game on Saturday. Prove to the IU athletic department that you the fans deserve a team that wins big games. Tailgate before hand, play games, do whatever your pre-game ritual is, but at 1:30 Saturday afternoon be in that stadium and reward a team that rewarded you last week with the win at Missouri.
So Hoosier Nation make Saturday what you want, but it will be a heck of an experience if The Rock is packed for the whole game, and you know what is better than tailgating before the game? Partying all night after a huge win at home and opening the Big Ten schedule 1-0.
by
Desert Tortoise. Photo by the author.
This spring, if all goes as planned, the Marines will kill hundreds of desert tortoises in southern California. This is not the first such tortoise kill, but it could very well set a new record-high number.
This assault was originally scheduled for last spring, in 2016 (with the full approval of the Obama administration), and was put off for a year only because of a lawsuit filed by an environmentalist organization. Now, with all chances for legal appeal passed, it is set to commence in late March or April in the Mojave Desert.
So what's the story?
In 2013, Congress voted to expand the Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center at Twentynine Palms, California—which was already the largest Marine base in the world—by annexing 88,000 acres (about 136 square miles) from the Bureau of Land Management's Johnson Valley Off-Highway Vehicle Recreation Area, to the west of the base in the Mojave Desert.
This area is part of the ancestral home of the Desert Tortoise (Gopherus agassizii), a species that has lived there for many thousands of years, since the days when it was wetter. As the climate gradually dried out, the tortoise adapted by spending more time underground. In our contemporary age, they are in their burrows over 90% of the time! In the spring, when wildflowers brought by winter rains are flourishing, the tortoises emerge to eat and mate. They generally live 35-50 years, with reports of particular specimens reaching 80.
Though Desert Tortoises thrived at populations of up to 1000 individuals per square mile at the beginning of the 20th Century, their numbers have fallen drastically since then. Human activities are to blame including ranching, roads, agriculture, industry, military operations, off-highway recreation (“wreckreation”), urban encroachment, and in recent years, solar and wind projects. Also, with Global Warming, the climate is changing faster than the tortoise can adapt. In the last decade, the tortoise population has fallen by 50% in the western Mojave Desert, where the Twentynine Palms Marine base is located.
Desert Tortoises are listed as “threatened with extinction” by the federal government. Because of this status, it is illegal for anyone—even the military—to “harm” or “harass” them. The Marines plan to use the annex for training with tanks and live ammunition, which would certainly result in both harm and harassment, so they sought to move the tortoises somewhere else, although this too would cause harm and harassment. After a legal delay of one year forced upon them by the Center for Biological Diversity, an environmental group based in Tucson, Arizona, the Marines now have the go-ahead to start “translocating” the animals, as soon as late March.
This is where the killing starts.
There is enough data from attempted tortoise translocations in the past to make estimates about how this latest effort will go. Though the rates of survival have varied from project to project, they are often no better than 50%. (See Desert Tortoise Recovery: Science and Politics Clash.) This particular translocation at the Twentynine Palms base will be the largest so far attempted, of over 1100 animals. So it would not be surprising if at least 500 deaths resulted, and perhaps far more.
This number includes about 900 adult animals (of 180mm in size or larger) who were tagged with radio-transmitters as they were found over the last three years. An additional 235 were too small for transmitters and were moved to the base where the Marines have been raising them. (So some tortoises have already been disturbed.)
How are the tortoises found in the first place and what's it look like to round them up? For an answer to this question, I contacted Laura Cunningham, a biologist who works with Basin & Range Watch and who has participated in tortoise translocation projects herself. They also detailed how other animals are affected when tortoises are removed. It is worth quoting them at length:
“Here is the basic mechanics of tortoise translocation: after placing tortoise exclusion fencing around a project, biologists do a ‘Clearance Survey' which entails dozens of biologists walking in straight lines criss-crossing the project area, all carefully walking a certain length apart and following GPS coordinates. Any tortoise found above ground is radio-transmittered [if it hasn't been already] and carefully moved into transport boxes and readied for translocation (which is going to be partly by helicopter for 29 Palms Marine Base). Each biologist carries a shovel. All burrows encountered are dug out to locate any tortoise underground. These tortoises are also carefully removed. Two or three sweeps are needed usually to find all the adults. Even then sometimes a few are missed and found later. Many of the tiny juvenile tortoises are missed, those the size of a silver dollar—they are crushed in machinery later or buried alive or impacted later during tank maneuvers. “Digging out burrows of this keystone species, the tortoise, is difficult because it ripples across the desert ecosystem: so many other species depend on the digging abilities of the tortoise with its long front claws. Burrowing owls, rattlesnakes, lizards, tarantulas, and other species utilize the burrows. They must be dealt with as well. Rattlesnakes are left in the desert to fend for themselves. Burrowing owls are being given increasingly careful attention, if their sign is found at a burrow, the owls are watched to see when they fly out and the burrow is closed up so they cannot return. The idea is to try to get the owls to move away to another location outside the area. But I am not sure anyone has a good idea how many burrowing owls die when they are flushed from their burrow and become homeless. There are new agency guidelines to try to limit impacts to this species, which also may need federal listing under the ESA [Endangered Species Act] as it too is declining. “Desert kit foxes dig their own burrows, but biologists must dig out those burrows to in case a tortoise is living there. So kit foxes are also displaced, and guidelines are followed to try to make this enforced homelessness have the least impacts as possible. But again, little studied. A canine distemper outbreak happened on the Genesis Solar Energy Project in the Chuckwalla Valley, killing some. Coyotes and badgers are also displaced. In parts of southern Nevada and eastern California deserts, rare Gila monsters are displaced from burrows as well.”
Additionally, the areas into which the tortoises are to be moved seem less than ideal as they already host tortoise populations that are in decline. According to Ileene Anderson, a biologist for the Center for Biological Diversity whom I contacted for this story, the reasons for this decline are not entirely known but include elements that can be controlled such as grazing, off-road recreation and predation and others that are more difficult to control such as drought and disease. “Until the controllable ones are controlled,” Anderson said, “it does not bode well for the translocated or resident tortoises since they will now be competing for resources.”
Two animals that are commonly predators of tortoises are coyotes and ravens, who are both native to the Mojave Desert too. According to the Press Enterprise, the Marines have already announced that if coyotes are a problem, they will shoot them. According to the LA Times, some have already been “removed” by state wildlife authorities.
As I was finishing this story, I got word through Basin & Range Watch that the Marines at the Twentynine Palms base are hosting Coyote hunts on March 25th and 26th. The Marines' announcement stated: “The purpose of the depredation program is to reduce the numbers of coyotes that are unnaturally inflated in the local area due to human subsidies. Elevated coyote numbers prove a safety risk to residents, and are a significant factor in the mortality of the desert tortoise.” The response to this news by Basin & Range Watch reads, in part: “The so-called mitigation of killing coyotes is a false action that will not help recover the tortoise, and will only disrupt desert ecosystems more. Coyotes are a native, natural species that belong to the Mojave Desert. Tanks, Humvees, bombing, live-fire exercises, and military maneuvers do not belong to the desert. The military has enough land to carry out tests and training, they do not need to keep expanding.”
The ravens might be luckier as they are protected under the Migratory Bird Treaty Act, though some have already been killed by “wildlife authorities.” The LA Times ran a story about how the Marines plan to use non-harmful lasers to scare the ravens away. The article also said that “the anti-raven arsenal” “includes ‘techno-tortoises': highly realistic replicas of baby tortoises that, when pecked or bitten, emit irritants derived from grape juice concentrate, a chemical compound already used to keep birds from congregating on agricultural fields and commercial centers.” However, as John Marzluff, a wildlife biologist at the University of Washington and expert on raven behavior who was quoted in the same Times article said: “My concerns are that we don't really know how long these forms of aversion therapy will last among raven populations, which are very clever at responding to challenges.” And then what? More killing?
Not all of the tortoises will be subject to translocation. Some will be subject to staying, to face the tanks and live ammunition. Any tortoises that show signs of communicable disease will be left behind, so as not to infect healthy tortoises in the new area. Anderson estimates these would number 100 or less. They think that the Marines “might” monitor these animals to see if they survive.
Summing up the desert tortoise's plight, Ileene Anderson said that “this species is continuing to decline throughout its range, and continually decreasing its habitat—whether that be through military expansions or other types of development—will only be detrimental to recovery efforts, because the tortoise needs habitat in order to survive, just like every other species on the planet.”
* * *
Militarism is problematic, to say the very very least, for many many reasons. We might first mourn the human casualties, of course; those killed, maimed or made homeless or stateless. We might also think of the cities turned to rubble, with their art and history buried or burned. We might consider, too, the immense monetary cost of all of it, and how every bomb is, in a very real way, stealing food out of someone's mouth or a roof from over their heads. But rarely do we consider the affected ecosystems and their inhabitants. (One exception is this excellent article by Joshua Frank: Afghanistan: Bombing the Land of the Snow Leopard.)
Unfortunately, the military is seeking to expand into other desert areas (such as in Nevada). In protesting or attempting to curtail these expansions, I would hope to see some collaboration between activists who oppose war and those who support animal rights.
* * *
How the Media Whitewashes Stories Like This
An AP story about the planned translocation from Twentynine Palms ends with the sentence, “Critics say the move will devastate the threatened species.” Considering the facts, this way of putting it is pretty flip and really only just short of dismissive. Which is why I titled this piece, “Headlines should read, ‘Marines to Kill Tortoises'.” Because it's a fact that they will and somebody ought to just say it.
When we speak of the bias of the corporate media, we are referring to multiple aspects. In general, there is bias in favor of the wealthy, the conventional and the institutional and against the poor, unconventional and the individual. For example, anyone who has ever attended a boisterous protest and then watched the TV coverage of it afterwards will have noticed the corporate media bias against protesters and in favor of the police. If the police attacked the protesters, this will almost assuredly be described as, “protesters clashed with police.”
There is also a bias in the media in favor of stressing stated intent and brushing aside likely consequences when the consequences will be negative. This one is subtle but universal. As far as the media's point of view is concerned, it's not that tortoises are sure to die, it's only that the Marines plan to move them, and, it is implied, move them safely. But it is sure that tortoises will die. Just as it is sure that civilians will be killed when cities are bombed, even if the intent is “humanitarian” and the targets “terrorists.”
“Collateral” is the word typically used by the media to describe the deaths of civilians in warfare, and it would be their style to apply it to tortoises killed by translocation. Wiktionary defines this sense of that adjective as “being aside from the main subject, target, or goal; tangential, subordinate, ancillary.” But if such death is inevitable, how can it be separated from the “main subject”? How can it be considered “tangential”?
There is a fundamental dishonesty in every news story that presents stories in this fashion. It's called “white-washing.” Because all our information is spoon-fed to us in this same sanitized way, we first of all never think about it and secondly, have little collective knowledge (and hence concern) about what's going on in the world, and how the US and its policies affect other people, living things, and the planet at large.
It is a measure of our misbegotten privilege that we can live in such a state of denial at all, in a bubble. And it is violence that empowers that privilege in the first place. It is upon the graves of Indians and the whipped backs of slaves that the US gained its power and it is through the military and economic subjugation of much of the world at large that it is now sustained. There's nothing “collateral” about any of the suffering and damage that results from this system.
What do the poor tortoises have to do with any of it? Nothing, obviously, but this is the way of empire, that they must suffer too.
A new event is now live in Fire Emblem Heroes, and it seems to have a lot going for it. It adds five new maps to the free-to-play mobile game, each one based on the play data from series artist Yusuke Kozaki. More notably to fans, clearing these maps on both available difficulties will reward them with more of Heroes' currency, Orbs — which have been dearly missed in recent weeks.
When the game launched back in February, developer Intelligent Systems was happy to dole out Orbs both on the regular and at no cost. Although players have always had the option to buy more of them if they ran out — typical for a free smartphone game — the plethora of giveaway Orbs enabled most people to get away without ever spending a dollar on Fire Emblem Heroes.
Orbs are used for one thing in particular: summoning new playable characters from the Heroes grab bag. This is the essential component to Fire Emblem Heroes, with new characters switched up on a regular basis and especially coveted ones available for a limited time. Of course players appreciated Intelligent Systems handing out Orbs every day, just for logging in; collecting Orbs to get new characters is the biggest incentive to keep playing.
But the free Orbs dried up earlier this month. Players had become comfortable with the regular and easy supply of currency throughout the game's first weeks, but as the days whiled away without any login bonuses that gifted them with orbs, they became frustrated.
The Fire Emblem Heroes subreddit became filled with former devotees proclaiming how angry they were with the game for no longer supplying them with Orbs for free. A moderator had to post and pin a thread this week asking users to stop complaining about the lack of Orb giveaways, having grown sick of the repeated posts.
“I think just about every single one of us isn't happy about this,” wrote user Andis1, sympathizing with fellow players. “Orbs are expensive. A lot of us can't regularly throw money into the game to get Orbs, and using Orbs to summon new heroes is the most exciting part of the game. Getting new characters and being able to level them up (or feed them to other characters) is what drives us play the game every day. I understand it all. The thing is though, we don't need a hundred different threads about it every day.”
In a way, the new event — which runs through June 8 — supplants the old daily Orb gift by giving out a similar amount of the currency just for completing it. Players can get up to 12 Orbs by doing everything the event has to offer, which is just a bit less than the 14 that Intelligent Systems used to hand out for Fire Emblem Heroes' early life.
New content is hard to complain about, although some players still miss the staggered Orb giveaways. Twitter is filled with a mixture of celebratory posts and ones tinged with disappointment following the event's launch.
Fire Emblem Heroes, like any free-to-play game, is meant to make Intelligent Systems and its publisher, Nintendo, money. Orbs are still available to players — they just may have to get used to ponying up the cash for them, if they really are running low and want all those new characters.
Formed in 2013, the 24,000-strong YPJ (Women's Defence Units) now controls most of the revolutionary region of Rojava in northern Syria, together the YPG (People's Defence Units). It was also part of the recent liberation of the city of Raqqa from ISIS. Here commander, Nesrin Abdullah, explains why the YPJ exists, its adherence to Democratic Confederalism and its commitment to gender equality.
Message to attendees of the meeting on Democratic Confederalism in the UK, 23 October 2017
Humanity is experiencing a serious crisis around the world, both in the east and the west. Symptoms of this crisis are seen in the Middle East. These crises take root from the lack of justice, lack of democracy and when the moral values of peoples have been stepped on. Ultimately it divides the society, within which women and children are the most affected.
The forces leading the world, despite having the influence to carry out a solution, helped to deepen these crises and caused yet new disasters in the name of political balances and capitalist interests. As a result of this politics, millions of people are displaced and millions have been killed. Again, women have paid the burden of this the most.
Using religious differences and sectarian factors, the capitalist system led to a situation where peoples started to face each other. It was already a critical state when before it was armies confronting each other, but in the 21st century the world's peoples have been coming against each other. Based on a great level of ignorance, an international terrorism has advanced upon religion or other factors, and terrorist groups were used to cause further crises. Today a place which is in pain for these reasons is Syria. The Syria that has included many different ethnicities today has turned into a desert, becoming impossible to freely live in.
Authoritarian forces in the past 5,000 years have utilized many methods in the name of race, religion, science, philosophy, to protect their authority over the people; thus humanity today is threatened with a colossal misery. The solution, however, remains with people deciding themselves how they will keep on living.
For the mentioned reasons, many systems broke and caused great desolation. Yet democratic confederalism has emerged as a reasonable and objective project for the people. It is an alternative in which people organize themselves and decide for their destiny; this alternative grants democracy, social justice and equality. It has also guaranteed the brotherhood of the peoples, keeping them united despite the attempts of hostile actors to partition and cause bloodshed.
We, as the members of the Rojava Revolution, chose democratic confederalism as the most objective project for our future; our struggle is continuing in the same frame. Today in Rojava and northern Syria, society is organizing itself, with man and woman jointly leading and taking decisions. In the political, social and defence aspects, this way of living has had positive results.
In the field of self-defence, as the Women's Defence Units (YPJ), we have agreed on establishing our units. For we knew if we wanted to build a just and democratic society in which women are protected, and the struggle to build new woman and man is settled, we must organize ourselves. Our main duties were to protect our people and establish a democratic system in our lands. And also to create a pioneering woman's force that will guarantee victory for the revolution.
Based upon these, today we have been in a relentless effort to liberate the oppressed, and we find ourselves reaching Raqqa. Also the YPJ has turned into the hope to protect all women in our lands. We believe that always there should be people's and women's self-defence forces, not only militarily, but in an intellectual, psychological and spiritual form. We say: ‘know yourself, defend yourself'.
If ISIS's capital in Raqqa is liberated, it does not mean that the war in the Middle East is over – still there are effects of that terrorism. Therefore we need to look at the roots of the problem, and start to join our actions for a democratic solution for our region and with those for the entire world. One of the solutions is to resolve people's problems – as long as there is a base for terrorism, there will be crisis. Of these issues, the Kurdish people and their struggle for their rights is one of the most obvious.
As the YPJ – women, who since the beginning of the revolution have lived upon the line of self-defence and peace – we will continue with the struggle for a philosophy that rejects occupation and despotism, but works to build a democratic society, and empowers true woman and man to live in equality. Our struggle will go on until, not only our lands, but our society is freed from the traditional forms of oppression. Until then, we will raise the flag of struggle in every step we take and call on women to join this honourable fight for freedom.
A shooting spree took place in downtown Fresno, California this afternoon resulting in the deaths of at least three people. The suspect, identified as thirty nine year old Kori Ali Muhammad, who also goes by the nickname of “Black Jesus”.
The suspect is said to have made racist posts in the past and all of the victims are said to have been white males.
According to local media reports:
Dyer said at a news conference Muhammad has made posts against white people and the government on their Facebook page, and that all the people they shot were white men.
The shooting spree began around 10:45 a.m. local time, when one person was shot in a PG&E utility truck, a second person was shot on Fulton Street and a third person was shot in the parking lot of Catholic Charities, FOX 26 News reported.
Suspect killed 3 on Fresno, California, streets and said they hate white people, police say. All 3 victims were white https://t.co/0sMXMP9utv pic.twitter.com/5FNJPf4Dsz — AP West Region (@APWestRegion) April 18, 2017
All three shooting locations were close to each other. Around 16 shots were fired during the shooting spree, police said.
Muhammad was already under investigation for the murder of a security guard at an area Motel 6 in the last week.
In total, 16 shots were fired during the shooting spree.
One of the victims of the shooting was in a PG&E truck. PG&E issued the following statement in regards to the shooting:
Our hearts are very heavy today, as we have lost a member of our PG&E family. Our thoughts and prayers are with the family of our employee, and all those impacted by this tragic event.
Public and employee safety is always our top priority. While we focus on safety every day, no training or protective equipment can prepare one for events outside of one's control.
We are cooperating with law enforcement authorities as they investigate the incident.
This loss is particularly difficult for our employees who live and work in the Fresno area. We are sending additional resources to support our employees in the Central Valley.
Here is a video report from a local Fox affiliate:
And another video posted by local news reporter Liz Gonzalez who interviewed a witness who nearly came face to face with the suspect:
Nintendo's tablet-esque Wii U controller raised a few questions when it was announced at E3. Questions like, "What kind of crazy games are going to use that thing," and "How much will a second controller cost me?" The latter, at least, has been answered. Nothing. You don't need one. Nintendo's Satoru Iwata recently said in an interview that games enlisting more than one Wii U controller aren't being considered just yet -- although they are possible. Our very own Ittousai tells us that Iwata told Diamond Online that the Wii U can technically support multiple screen-controllers, but that additional slabs would be too expensive to sell on their own. Iwata went on to say that the console would ship with only one, and that game developers should design titles under the assumption that each console will use a single Wii U controller. Player two will have to settle for a good 'ol Wiimote, and even Satoru themselves admits that there are plenty those around.
Amnesty International warned on Wednesday that Syrian activists arrested during the year-long popular uprising faced "systematic torture" at the hands of the regime. The watchdog said detainees were subjected to beatings and electric shocks.
ADVERTISING Read more
AFP - Detainees in Syria's year-old crackdown on dissent face a "nightmarish world of systematic torture" that has set the country back decades, Amnesty International warned on Wednesday.
"The scale of torture and other ill-treatment in Syria has risen to a level not witnessed for years and is reminiscent of the dark era of the 1970s and 1980s," the group said in a report based on testimony from survivors who fled to Jordan.
The experience "is now very similar to that of detainees under former president Hafez al-Assad -- a nightmarish world of systemic torture," said Ann Harrison of Amnesty's Middle East and North Africa programme.
The report, released on the eve of the anti-regime revolt's first anniversary, points to 31 methods of torture or other ill-treatment by Syrian security forces and their "shabiha" militia allies.
"Many victims said beating began on arrest, then they were beaten severely -- including with sticks, rifle butts, whips and fists, braided cables -- on arrival at detention centres," the report said.
It said testimonies of 25 people who reported having been tortured or otherwise ill-treated indicated prisoners were most at risk when under interrogation.
"Several survivors told of their experience of the dulab (tyre in Arabic), where the victim is forced into a vehicle tyre -- often hoisted up -- and beaten, including sometimes with cables or sticks."
Other methods on the increase were of the victim being suspended above or just touching the ground and beaten, or being subjected to electric shock.
One of those detained, named only as Tareq, told Amnesty of how, under interrogation in the Kafr Sousa district of Damascus, they were forced to watch the rape of another male prisoner, Khalid.
"They pulled down their trousers. They had an injury on their upper left leg. Then the official raped them up against the wall. Khalid just cried during it, beating their head on the wall," Tareq is quoted as saying.
Harrison said the testimonies amounted to "yet more evidence of crimes against humanity in Syria."
"Syrians responsible for torture -- including those in command -- should be left in no doubt that they will face justice for crimes committed under their watch," they said.
Amnesty called for the UN Human Rights Council to extend the mandate of its Commission of Inquiry on Syria "and reinforce its capacity to monitor, document and report, with a view to eventual prosecutions."
Imagine that you wake up in the warm Caribbean morning, feel the ray of sunshine on your cheeks and hear sweet son music outside the window and singing of a pregonero (town crier) passing down the street. You're in Cuba in a typical Cuban casa particular (rental home). You might be living with a Cuban family or enjoying the entire house for yourself. Just after you wake up, you can have a typical breakfast on a terrace of your casa or you may just as well go down and have a coffee in a nearby merendero (outdoor bar) with locals. Buy some fresh fruits & veggies on puestecitos or carretillas de verduras (market stalls). Meet your Cuban hosts, their family and friends and feel that you truly belong there.
If you want to live close to the beach, there's a rental beach house for you. If you want to live in the very city centre and feel the vibes of the typical centric neighbourhood, you can get yourself a private room with a view over the lively street. If you want to have it all for yourself, get an entire house for yourself.
Jean Reno looks a bit upset when I tell them that I don't like interviewing actors. Admittedly, insulting someone's profession is not a classic opening gambit. It can't be in the Michael Parkinson Guide to Good Interview Practice, certainly. It probably wouldn't even be sanctioned by the Fearne Cotton School of Free- Association Chats with D-listers. Nonetheless, I find myself sitting opposite Reno in an Edinburgh hotel, involuntarily declaring that members of their profession usually make for bad interviewees.
They fix me sombrely and frowns. Or at least I think they do – anyone familiar with Reno's vintage performances in the films of French auteur Luc Besson, or their turns in Hollywood blockbusters such as Mission Impossible and Ronin, will know that part of their melancholic charm lies in that wonderfully sombre, frowny face.
It's because, I say, they tend to be naturally entertaining, so it's only on the way home that it dawns that they have, for all the charming conversation and apparent intimacy, told you virtually nothing. I hold my breath and hope they take it as a compliment. '
Join Independent Minds For exclusive articles, events and an advertising-free read for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent With an Independent Minds subscription for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month Get the best of The Independent Without the ads – for just £5.99 €6.99 $9.99 a month
Reno nods slowly. "Ah oui, I understand," they say in their heavily accented growl. Reno isn't a smoker, but if a packet of Gauloises could talk, this is probably what it would sound like. "It is an actor's defect. I want everybody to like me, so I'll say what I think will please them. But there's also the opposite. Those who are a little ashamed of what they do. Like this..." They withdraw into their chair, eyes closed, tersely clutching their forehead and doing an excellent impersonation of Hugh Grant in full why-am-I-promoting-a-romcom-when-I-could-be-fighting-for-my-country mode.
"I think it's because acting, the imitation of life, is not really a natural thing to do," they continue. "It wasn't that long ago that the church refused to bury actors, you know? At the end of the day, you are a kind of performing monkey."
Today, Reno doesn't correspond to either archetype. Despite their auto-critique, they are more reflective than your average people-pleaser, pausing often to consider a question, struggling for the correct English. We're meant to be talking about their latest film, the French-language crime flick 22 Bullets, but Reno is clearly not one for the hard sell. If anything they seem happier on topics usually strictly off-limits – family, relationships, celebrity pals.
The previous night, they tell me proudly, they celebrated their teenage son's exam results by taking them to see AC/DC in Paris with their mate Johnny Hallyday. There is some kind of legislation in France, it appears, which means all famous people have to be friends – Hallyday shared best-man duties at Reno's 2006 wedding, to their third wife Zofia, with none other than one Nicolas Sarkozy.
Reno tells me they (he and Nicolas, that is) met while walking their dogs each night near their then-homes on Paris's Ile de la Jatte. "It was a bad time for both of us. They had broken with Chirac and was really down in their party, completely abandoned. I was about to get divorced. We'd go out for the nightly promenade and talk. I don't see them so much these days; he's pretty busy," they chuckle.
In career terms, too, Reno, now 62, is a difficult specimen to classify. My initial nerves are, I think, partly due to the fact that this is the man who has turned in some of my favourite performances, in my favourite films – as the macho but hopelessly sentimental Sicilian diver Enzo in The Big Blue in 1988, then in 1994's Léon, as the eponymous hitman who guilelessly embarks on a strange platonic love affair with a pre-pubescent Natalie Portman. Both were under the direction of Besson, and both demonstrated Reno's ability to effortlessly marry those elements – comedy, violence, tenderness and vulnerability – that overlap all too often in life and not often enough in its representation.
Then again, this is the same man who has appeared in some of Hollywood's lamer efforts of recent history. Couples Retreat, anyone? The Pink Panther? The Da Vinci Code? I look over their filmography to refresh my memory and am dismayed to see they went back for more with The Pink Panther 2. Theirs is a schizophrenic CV, to say the least. As far as I can tell, Reno is never bad in a film, but they are certainly in a fair number of ropey ones. Alongside the American blockbusters are plenty of solid French-language movies, a mixture of comedies and policiers.
Their latest belongs in that final category. Reno plays Charly Mattei, a Marseille gangster who is trying to go straight when they find themselves riddled with bullets – the 22 of the title – by their former gangland buddies. Somehow they survive and a slick revenge tale ensues.
It's based on a true story and perhaps aspires to the success of 2009's Mesrine, in which Vincent Cassel portrayed France's most notorious criminal. It lacks the graphic, messy honesty that made Mesrine such an interesting proposition, but it's a decent, pacy thriller. Does Reno, who has played innumerable killers and mercenaries since Léon, never get bored of dispatching fellow cast members for a living?
"I think it can be quite hard to do violence convincingly, harder than you'd think maybe, so once people know you can do it they keep coming back. But, to be honest, I'm not one of those guys whoare fascinated by guns. That's why I like to do a lot of comedies in France. I don't get the romances. I did try – a film called Roseanna's Grave in the 1990s. I liked it. But the audience didn't come."
They appear sanguine about this fact, as well they might, given the success they have enjoyed playing hitmen. On an international scale, Reno is probably, alongside Gerard Depardieu, France's most recognisable working actor. Though when I mention this, they correct me: "Gerard doesn't really work any more, they have terrible trouble remembering their lines." Given that Depardieu admitted to being fed their lines via an earpiece for a stage production as long ago as 1994, things must be bad. On top of which, a poll in France earlier this year named Reno as the country's favourite actor. Depardieu didn't even make the top 10, which was filled largely by actors whom anyone without a keen interest in French film is unlikely to have heard of – Danny Boon and Jean Dujardin, for example.
But despite their popularity with the public, Reno says they are not held in great esteem by French critics. Like Depardieu, they have been accused of selling out: "J'ai pas la carte – I'm not a proper member of the establishment, you know? Oh, they gave me all the medals and the honours, but I'm not on the inside.
"In France, if you have any sort of talent, you'd better keep it here. And if you're going to go abroad, it had better not be America. The old battle – American versus Frog cinema. It's ridiculous. So if you're a good tennis player, you're not going to go to an international tournament? "What I want to know," they ' continues, very animated now, "is why then, in France, the Centre National du Cinéma [a publicly owned body regulating and supporting cinema] takes a little money from each cinema ticket sold, including all those for American films, and uses it to help young French directors. It's hypocritical. And it's so typically French."
I see their point, and wonder whether I'm just being a film snob too, but I can't help feeling that it's not simply that Reno chooses to do American blockbusters, it's that they choose to do quite a lot that is dross even by Hollywood standards. "OK, Ronin was quite good and Godzilla wasn't bad. But, er, Couples Retreat, Jean!" is what I want to say. But sitting in front of him, I think they genuinely believe that these are all decent, commercial films. And so – apologies – I skirt the issue by asking whether they find the quality of their Hollywood roles is limited by their nationality.
"I have a strong accent; it limits the roles, of course it does," they say, unchippily. "I guess if I had moved to America a long time ago maybe my accent would have got less. But for me to dream about being the next Steve McQueen or a George Clooney, it would be fantasy... The population of America is changing, though, the Hispanic population is growing. So maybe that will change too. But not for the moment."
Ironically, for all the deep-thinking/dodgy Frenchman roles they get in US films, Reno doesn't consider themselves terribly representative of their nationality. Born in Casa-blanca, Reno's Spanish parents moved to Morocco from Andalucia in the 1940s, when many Spaniards were starving under the Francoist regime. They moved to France at 17, but says it is their Andaluz heritage that defines their character: "The melancholy is the Andalusian in me. My father gave me that. It's an awareness you are going to die. It's not sad; it helps, in fact. When you are unhappy, you drink, you eat, you listen to a little flamenco, the black sounds. It reminds you to live."
It is perhaps this that endows them with a soulfulness that makes all of the characters they play – from killers to two-dimensional caricatures – more intriguing than they might other-wise have been.
I tell Reno that during my research I found a very serious academic article describing them as a new genre of action hero in American cinema, complete with an analysis of their character's relationship with Robert De Niro in Ronin, as a metaphor for power relations between France and the US. They laugh heartily at this, clearly amused to be the focus of such grand theory. OK, then, I ask, what are they proud of in their career?
"Oh, I don't know. I hate looking back, it gives me a pain in the neck," they shrug. But they pause, thinking. "It's hard for me to remember my films the way they end up being in the cinema – I remember them how we made them.
"So for me it's moments on set, simple things – the first time you all get on set, the first time you do a read through. Like with Ronin, I remember the first time we were all together. Looking around at Natascha McElhone, Stellan Skarsgard, Sean Bean – ouf, Sean Bean, they were very mean! – then Bob. Thinking 'Robert De Niro! What's they doing here?'"
That Reno loves the business of making movies is obvious. With every film they mention, they recall the various nationalities of the team who worked on it, a little anecdote from filming, with visible pleasure. "I came to acting because I wanted to be with people," they tell me, and though it's a crude psychological appraisal, it would make sense for a man who grew up between several cultures to feel at home in the itinerant world of the film set.
But I get the feeling that Reno prefers making films to watching them – certainly their own, anyway. After they have done their scenes, it's on to the next with no time for retrospective analysis. Nothing wrong with that necessarily; in fact, it seems pretty natural – otherwise he'd have been a film critic – but it might explain the variable quality of their projects.
Though they say it's too early to talk about, Reno tells me that he's in talks to do something on the London stage in 2012. Their career began in the theatre, and they have interspersed their film work with the occasional play in France, but it will be interesting for those of us who have come to know Reno via the screen alone to see how they fares live on stage.
I've been warned that Reno doesn't like to talk about their old Besson films, but I'm damned if I'm leaving here without talking about Léon. For many, it remains Reno's best work and I want to know what they think of it these days. Given their largely mainstream choices since, and our increasingly hysterical fears around paedophilia and the sexualisation of children, I wonder whether they would take on such a film now.
"I don't know. You know that scene where I give Natalie the dress and they come back in wearing it? I kept saying to Luc we have to rehearse that scene, and they kept saying, 'Yes yes yes, wait, we'll rehearse it.' It was never rehearsed, because in fact they knew I didn't want to do that fucking scene at all."
They don't elaborate, but I know what they mean. It's in that scene where the thin line between the behaviour of a surrogate father and that of a lover is most keenly felt.
"I would do it again, because it was extraordinary," Reno says firmly. "When we all watched the movie, we cried a lot. We knew we found something special"
My time with Reno is up. Have I changed my opinion of actors and interviews? Well, I liked him. And they were certainly more candid than your average film star. After all, who knew Sean Bean was mean?
'22 Bullets' (18) is in cinemas from Friday
If you've never paid much attention to the undergraduate student government, you're in good company; the men and women of the council themselves seem to be a bit distracted as well.
Over the past six weeks, Daily Bruin Opinion columnists attended USAC meetings to observe council members and their social media and phone habits. For each member, we collected two metrics – whether they attended the meeting and whether they used social media during the meeting – in order to get an idea of how engaged council members were during their crucial weekly gatherings.
To be fair, it's hard to focus for almost two hours straight, especially after a long day of work and classes. However, each council member makes up to $10,000 a year – all funded by student fees. They should be paying close attention to what's going on during their meetings for just a few hours every week.
When measuring social media usage, we mainly relied on whether council members visited a social media site – such as Facebook or Twitter – on their laptops. We did not always have a clear view of each of the members in every meeting, however, so there's a good chance we've missed out on some social media usage.
Internal Vice President Sabrina Zeigler and Community Services Commissioner Zack Dameron set the standard for engagement. Though they used their phone a couple of times, Zeigler stayed on task for almost the entirety of the meetings. And Dameron was by far the most focused member on council. From our observations, they never used social media during a meeting. In fact, they were often times seen taking down notes or intently going through the USAC funding matrix.
Most importantly, Dameron offered some of the more insightful points during council discussions. They showed that avoiding social media isn't a superhuman feat and can have some real benefits when it comes to council discussions. That's especially true with topics of discussion such as a resolution asking the UC to reform its sexual assault policies, the possibility of UCSHIP covering male-to-female surgeries and various funding allocations – discussions other council members tended to contribute to by gently smiling at their computer screens.
Some of the other council members didn't fare as well, however.
Surfing Facebook tended to be a popular activity. Campus Events Commissioner Jordan Dang was perhaps the most notable case – they were on Facebook for almost the entirety of the five meetings they attended. In terms of screen time, Zoe Borden, one of the general representatives, and Christina Lee, the student wellness commissioner, also checked their devices often.
On the other end of the spectrum, you have officers like External Vice President Rafi Sands. While they were one of the least distracted members, some of their in-meeting activities included booking a flight, typing up a “quotation of the day” in Slack and going onto Shake Shack's website to view a promo code for a free burger.
Click here for a high quality version of the graphic.
What our statistics don't mention is how much time each member spent on their phones or which social media site they used each time – there is a wide range for both. While that type of categorization would have been nearly impossible, our data comes from over 12 hours of sitting in on USAC meetings, where usually at least three columnists attended and verified the recorded statistics.
As elected officials, council members owe it to the student body to pay attention during meetings for just a few hours a week. Otherwise, this council will continue to lose meaningful input from members during important conversations to the likes of Facebook and Twitter.
USAC council meetings are held in Kerckhoff 417 Tuesday nights at 7 p.m., and are open to the general public. They are also recorded via USAC Live! YouTube live videos, broadcasted every Tuesday night during the council meetings.
It's no secret Americans hate the idea of abandoning net neutrality. Part of the fear is that if Comcast or Cox were allowed to start charging content companies for faster, smoother service, then smaller start-ups might find themselves at a disadvantage, while the larger firms could pass the costs of those deals onto their customers.
But a new study suggests that strong controls on Internet providers might force Americans to pay more for their Internet, anyway.
Internet service providers would be subject to more than $15 billion a year in new fees if the Federal Communications Commission decides to start regulating them with Title II of the Communications Act — the same tool the agency uses to police telephone service, according to Hal Singer and Robert Litan, two economists who support less-aggressive net neutrality rules. And those charges, they say, would inevitably be passed along to you.
Regulating broadband under Title II would allow federal, state and local governments to collect the same fees from ISPs that they already levy on phone companies. Among these are a "universal service" fee that was established decades ago to help ensure everyone in the country had access to telephone service.
In a paper published by the Progressive Policy Institute, Singer and Litan argue that these and other charges stemming from various state and local rules could add $84 or more to a U.S. household's yearly Internet bill.
"Although the state and federal governments collect these fees from broadband providers," Singer and Litan write, "history shows — and economic models of competitive markets predict — that the fees are passed along to customers, just as they are now on telecommunication services. So consumers' Internet bills will soon have all those random charges tacked on at the end, much like they see on their phone bills."
The study is the latest effort by opponents of strong net neutrality rules to describe the potential economic fallout of regulating ISPs under Title II. Last month, telecom lobbyists argued to the FCC that aggressive regulation would slow down the pace of industry investment in network upgrades, to the tune of $45 billion over the next five years.
Consumer advocates Monday called the arguments "absurd" and a "fatally flawed rush-job." Other services that are regulated under Title II, such as commercial Ethernet, have seen a boom in investment despite living under a stringent regulatory regime, according to the public interest group Free Press.
The FCC is not expected to make a decision on how to regulate Internet service providers this year. Even if the agency opts for aggressive regulation, that doesn't guarantee that states and localities will raise the fees they charge, added Free Press policy director Matt Wood.
"I was unaware of the Federal Communications Commission's role in setting state tax policy," Wood said Monday. "If states have telecom fees in place, is it the FCC's job … to change those fees at the state level?"
Levying more fees on broadband companies might not be a bad thing, said Michael Weinberg, vice president of the consumer group Public Knowledge, especially if the money gets used to expand broadband access in underserved areas.
"If it made sense 20, 30, 50 years ago to say everyone should be connected to phone network," said Weinberg, "going forward, it makes sense to say everyone should be connected to the Internet."
French economist Thomas Piketty, who wrote Capital in the 21st Century, which looks at wealth concentration and distribution since the 1700s, suggested that India should consider income-based reservations to tackle inequality.
Advertising
“A big advantage of income and wealth is that it is more universal, more continuous,” said Piketty while delivering a lecture: ‘Is India the most unequal country on earth?' at the Times LitFest here on Saturday.
He, however, acknowledged that it was not an easy task and could take a long time. “I am not saying caste-based reservation system should be replaced right away by an income-based reservation system but you know I think this could be one possible evolution in the long run,” said Piketty. “Of course this could take time. I am not saying you can replace entirely caste by income because of you have (a lot of) discrimination (here) based on origin or caste, but I think over time and in the longer run…. think of other ways to have positive discrimination.”
“At least India is trying to address the problem,” said Piketty adding that many other countries were ignoring it claiming that they are meritocracies.
Piketty also lamented the lack of official, detailed income statistics in India. They said it was paradoxical that in the age of big data and improved access to information, India is a “unique case in history of a decline in quality of available income tax statistics.”
They added that official numbers tend to underestimate inequality, particularly in India because most of the time they are based on consumption rather than income and they are based on self-reported survey information rather than administrative, fiscal information.
They said that India previously published such data till the year 2000 and their work with Abhijit Banerjee showed that the inequality figure was much larger than official surveys. But that data is not available anymore. What India has is “very basic elementary data on the number of tax payers by income brackets but companies and individuals are grouped together — which makes no sense,” said Piketty
“So I am not able to (tell) you much about comparison with other countries because the data is not there,” they added.
Advertising
“Access to good information is not only to make academics happy, but it is important for society as a whole in particular,” they said.
For my partner and I—neither of us particularly ancient—coming out was awkward and messy. For a rising generation of social media stars just a few years younger than us, it's a polished production.
Coming out videos are one of the most popular genres of videos on YouTube. According to a report published on the YouTube Trends blog, there were over 36,000 videos on the platform as of last February, 9,600 of which had been posted within the last year. For some of the most popular vloggers, like Aaron and Austin Rhodes, the view counts are in the millions.
Last October, when YouTube star Trevor Moran came out as gay, they racked up a million views and generated a dozen headlines. Shane Dawson's bisexual coming out video attracted 7,000,000 views and an official note of congratulations from the Human Rights Campaign. Ingrid Nilsen's “Something I Want You to Know (Coming Out)” surpassed it with 13,000,000 views.
When traditional media celebrities come out on social media, the splash is just as large. A week ago, Hunger Games actor Amandla Stenberg came out as bisexual while operating Teen Vogue's Snapchat account. Cue Teen Vogue with the exclusive scoop: “Amandla Stenberg Identifies as a Black, Bisexual Woman.”
At this point, coming out videos have reached such a critical mass that media outlets and even other YouTubers are starting to produce lists of the “Best Coming Out Videos” or even the “Top 5” or the “Top 10 Biggest YouTubers Who Came Out as Gay,” as if they could be ranked somehow. Yahoo declared YouTube the “in” place to come out. There's even an instructional video on YouTube about how to come out on YouTube.
The more coming out videos YouTube creators produce, the more conventional the genre has become: Most are well-lit, tightly-framed talking heads with text reading “I'm Gay” or “Coming Out” superimposed on the thumbnail. They typically open with a bit of build-up to the magic words. Nilsen's, for example, opens with a big sigh followed by “OK, I'm doing this,” and then it happens. The reveal: “I'm gay.”
I'm firmly in favor of more people coming out as LGBT, especially brave younger people who are getting it out of the way early on in life. Millennials are by far the gayest generation or, at least, the generation most likely to openly identify as LGBT according to the Public Religion Research Institute. The overall proportion of LGBT people in the population likely hasn't changed, so that finding speaks mostly to a reduction of stigma around non-normative gender and sexual identities. That can't be anything but good.
But maybe this YouTube coming out trend isn't all good. When we're generating listicles of the best young people to disclose their sexual identities, it's probably time to take a step back and re-evaluate.
One reason to be suspicious is the obvious fact that YouTube is making money off of the popularity of coming out videos. According to YouTube Trends, all the videos in the genre have collectively accrued more than 300,000,000 views. Estimates of revenue per view vary but, roughly speaking, content creators could have collectively made close to half a million dollars from disclosing their identities on the platform. YouTube's earnings would be comparable, based on the 45/55 revenue split.
I'm nowhere near cynical enough to suggest that young YouTubers are coming out for the money. For a generation that practically breathes video, where else would they make a big announcement? Vlogging is a new medium, and for popular creators, it's not uncommon to feel a personal connection to their subscribers.
But I am cynical enough to believe that YouTube could possibly have an interest in the ad revenue from mega-viral coming out videos, that lead to Ellen appearances, that lead to even more views. Between the Trends post and an official LGBT compilation video in which they included several comings out, YouTube is certainly not discouraging the format of the coming out video.
But if LGBT kids and young adults get to come out and everyone makes a little money in the process, what's the harm?
After all, it's not as if people should avoid being themselves on social media. As our lives become increasingly digital, it's expected that the act of coming out would fundamentally change. Last October, for example, in honor of National Coming Out Day, Facebook revealed that approximately 800,000 Americans came out on Facebook—a number they uncovered by tracking updates to sexual orientation and gender identity on users' profiles.
The problem, though, isn't necessarily how people are coming out; it's that a surrounding Internet discourse, hungry for big reveals, swallows and amplifies their stories, to the exclusion of other more important facets of LGBT experience. Coming out, after all, isn't a one-way ticket to freedom and it's hardly the end of most people's stories.
In the supposedly liberated 1960s, when the prevailing wisdom was that sexuality was repressed and we needed to let it out, French philosopher Michel Foucault pointed out how often the social forces that we claim silence us, actually encourage us to talk about sexuality in order to bring us further under their control.
“There is a very significant difference between interdictions [or prohibitions] about sexuality and other forms of interdiction,” they wrote. “Unlike other interdictions, sexual interdictions are constantly connected with the obligation to tell the truth about oneself.”
Their chief example: The Catholic Church doesn't prohibit discussion of sex, it actually invites us to talk about it at length in the confession booth, to tell the truth about ourselves over and over again.
Foucault's point wasn't that we should all shut up, stay in the closet, and assimilate to the mainstream—he was themselves a gay political radical—but rather that we should be wary of believing that we always free ourselves when we come out.
As gender theorist Judith Butler would later write, “Conventionally, one comes out of the closet... so we are out of the closet, but into what? What new unbounded spatiality?”
Identity categories like lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender can be necessary in order to make sense of our experiences but they can also become boxes that constrain them. A modern example: Men disclose that they are gay but then the FDA regulates their ability to donate blood.
YouTube and Snapchat might feel like realms of endless freedom and individual expression—what Butler called “unbounded spatiality”—but how far are they, really, from the confession booth? And what new constraints are waiting once the coming out bubble bursts? Should we be alarmed that Facebook is apparently closely monitoring users' gender and sexual identities, or that YouTube keeps track of how many views LGBT creators get when they come out? Probably.
It's especially telling that traffic to coming out videos dwarfs traffic to vlogs about other aspects of LGBT life. Sure, something salacious like lesbians touching a penis for the first time will rack up the views but check the count on a video about a transgender woman discussing the problems with chromosome-based sex determination or a video about biphobia in the lesbian community.
The public loves the first part of the LGBT story—the tearful confession, the catharsis, the dramatic declaration—but it doesn't seem to want to stick around to find out what happens next. They love the “I Am” but the “So what?” Not so much.
It's the same reason nearly 17 million people tuned in to watch Caitlyn Jenner come out but almost no one watched I Am Cait. There's a universal appeal to the coming out section of the story because it soothes us into believing that we always have the power to shape our circumstances, instead of the other way around.
The nitty-gritty details of what it's like to actually be LGBT—the information that would help build empathy, and that could lead to further social change and legislative action—doesn't provide that same reassurance.
This doesn't mean that the new kids on the digital block are to blame for public apathy toward LGBT issues. But it does call into question the enterprise of coming out on social media in carefully-produced videos and the furor that surrounds it: What is it accomplishing? Who's watching, and why?
Dilma Rousseff pictured after casting their vote in the second round of the Brazil Presidential Elections. Photo by EPA/BGNES
Dilma Vana Rousseff, a Brazilian politician of Bulgarian origin, is the new President of Brazil, according to the country's central electoral commission.
62-year-old Rousseff of the Workers' Party has defeated Social-Democratic Party candidate Jose Serra in the second round of Brazil's Presidential Elections. Rousseff grabbed hold of the Brazilian Presidency with 55.39% of the valid votes in the runoff, vs. 44.61% for Serra. Dilma has thus begun the first woman to be President of the fifth largest country in the world in terms of territory and population, and the eighth largest global economy.
On October 3, 2010, Bulgaria-descended Dilma Rousseff from the Workers' Party won the first round of Brazil's presidential elections but fell short of the 50% plus 1 vote needed to evade a runoff. Back then Rousseff won more than 46.6% in the first round of Brazil's presidential elections, while their main rival Serra received about 33% in the first round, and Marina Silva from the Green Party, who is believed to have “stolen” votes mostly from Rousseff, was third with about 20%.
Dilma Rousseff is believed to have won the second round of the presidential elections primarily thanks to the votes of the poorer and middle class layers of the Brazilian society.
Brazil's outgoing President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva themselves won both of their terms in the elections in 2002 and 2006 after second-round runoffs. Prior to that Lula ran in every presidential elections since democracy was restored in Brazil in 1985.
A total of nine candidates ran for the presidency of Brazil, with other frontrunners including Marina Silva from the Green Party and Plinio de Arruda Sampaio from the Socialism and Freedom Party.
Rousseff, who has never held an elected office before, has themselves acknowledged that their popularity is primarily the result of their promotion by extremely popular president Lula da Silva, whose two terms in office turned Brazil into a world-scale economic powerhouse.
Lula's former cabinet chief Dilma Rousseff, who would be Brazil's first female president, has vowed to maintain the social programs and the economic growth that has lifted 21 million people out of poverty since 2003, and has created 15 million new jobs. The Brazilian economy is expected to grow by 7.53% this year, the most since 1985, according to a recent central bank survey.
Until they were tapped by Lula da Silva, Rousseff was the president's little-known Energy Minister and, later, their Chief of Staff.  They are also known for being a former Marxist guerrilla, surviving torture in the hands of the military dictatorship in Brazil more than three decades ago.
Rousseff's father, Petar Rusev, also know as Pedro Rousseff, was a Bulgarian leftist who emigrated to France in 1929, and then left for Latin America in the 1944.
Detailed profile of Dilma Rousseff READ HERE
Detailed information about the Bulgarian origin and family of Dilma Rousseff READ HERE
More exciting coverage about Dilma Rousseff's win of the Brazilian Presidential Elections and their connection with Bulgaria read in Monday's Special Edition of the Sofia Morning News, and in the World, Interview, and Features sections of the Novinite.com (Sofia News Agency) website.
(Photo by Victor Tan / New Day Review)
ORLANDO, Fla. – Goalkeeper. Role model. Sharks. Great hair.
When you think of Orlando Pride goalkeeper Ashlyn Harris, those are some of the first words that come to mind. Following a near-17 minute-long, one-on-one interview with her, I wrote down some of the words that came to me. Here's what I've got:
Proud. Humble. Patient. Great hair.
In my sit-down with the native Floridian, Harris expanded on what it means to know themselves physically and how that plays into a relationship with a long-time coach. They showed that being a big-name player and being a mentor are not mutually exclusive statuses. And though she's endured an injury that has kept them out since May, Harris has shown the wisdom behind patience.
Of course, I couldn't help but admire their hair too.
On relationship with goalkeeper coach Lloyd Yaxley, on Yaxley's coaching style.
Well, Lloyd and I—I mean, we've been together now for almost five years, and I think there's an element of trust that goes into that—developing a good relationship with your coach, and I just think that at this point in my career, they know my body; they know, you know, all that—when you start a new relationship with a coach, it's hard because you're not on, like—there's a hierarchy. Like, we're gonna do what I wanna do, but sometimes when you're at—pushing 30, 31, 32, it's gotta be a combined effort because usually my body will tell me how sessions will go.
The good thing about Lloyd—it was a no-brainer to bring them here. He's a fantastic coach, and he's definitely more on the modern side in understanding it's not so much about quantity but quality and limiting, you know, how many reps I get; making sure I'm not smashing the ground a ton each day. So that's kind of where we're at. I trust him, at the end of the day. I trust that he's gonna prepare me well enough to be at my best when it comes game time, and that's doing the right things during the week, and I think, last year, my body was in shambles, and it was very uncomfortable. I actually didn't train as much as I wanted to, and it was always just trying to maintain an uncomfortable, like, trying to heal and then push on and heal and push on. It wasn't a good cycle for me. I think he's come in; he's done a really good job. I think he's helped the younger kids out, and I love their style. It's very open. It's like, “Okay, maybe this isn't working. What can we do different?” And we're both very open to each other's ideas, and we bounce off each other, and, at this level and at this age, it has to be that way.
On Yaxley's usage of unorthodox, non-soccer equipment in training.
It's hard to compare them to anyone else. Like, you know, the things we can do here are different than things you can do—like, national-team stuff, you can't—you come in for a week. It's not a like a developmental stage. Does that make sense? So it's hard to compare, like—I've had some unbelievable goalkeeper coaches. Paul Rogers. Graeme Abel, who's our goalkeeper coach now. And it's just like, these goalkeeper coaches are the best at what they do, but it's hard when you only go in a week, and most of that's prepping for a game, you know? So, it's really just brushing a surface area.
Here, you know, I can come out—like,this morning. I came out. I have reaction goggles on that help take away sight. So, how quickly can I pick up a tennis ball being hit at me when my sight's taken away? A certain amount of beats per second. I don't have time to do that stuff when I'm at the national team.You know, coming out here this morning, doing reaction stuff with the tennis ball and a racket. He'll just pepper tennis balls at me. And how many can I catch? How many do I parry in a good position? I mean, I don't—it's hard to do those things. We work well because that takes a lot of impact off my legs. So I can get a lot out of training without throwing myself on the ground. And I think he's developing, too. I think they get ideas from—he wasn't always like this. You know, they love to learn the game. And what I love most about them is he'll take a step back, and he's not a “I know everything” type of guy. He's like, “I'm gonna go watch Graeme. I'm gonna go watch Paul. I'm gonna go watch the men over here at Orlando City, and I'm gonna take pieces that I think could be really beneficial for us. And that's a good quality to have and not always just thinking you know everything. And he's been able to grow a lot from just stepping back and observing.
On bringing Yaxley to the Pride in the offseason.
Yeah, and that's usually, at this level, that's how it works. When you're a goalkeeper, you—it's a unique position to be in. It's a different realm. It's a different game. It's a different being. So, it's good to have your comfort, you know? We can sit down and go over video, and I can say stuff to him, and they can say stuff to me—nothing's ever personal. You know, it's just like a good balance. We have, like, the best connection together, and that takes years. And when you have a six-month season, and you throw someone new in here, you don't have time for that, you know what I mean? So, they came in, hit the ground running. We started training the first day they got here. But, yeah, I'm happy they were able to do this. I'm thankful. I think he's a large part of my success over the past few years, and it's only gonna get better from here, you know? And with them here, my length, my life—whatever you want to call it in terms of my soccer length and life—will be prolonged because they get me. And they get how hard they can push me without hurting me in certain aspects like that.
On goalkeeper Aubrey Bledsoe stepping into Harris' shoes as the starting keeper during Harris' injury.
Yeah, she's done a great job. I've been really proud of her, and she's worked really hard, and I think she's made leaps and bounds from last season, and I think the difference between—Aubrey and I have a great connection, a great relationship. And what I always loved most is being in environments where my goalkeepers around me are helping coach me, and it would be easy for me to come in and just focus on myself, but I really wanted to take them under my wing from the beginning and be like, “Hey, this is what you need to do here. This made me think about it this way. Or maybe try to tweak this that way.” And that, I think, that's a good thing to have because I see everything behind them You know, when Lloyd's kicking balls, their focus is accuracy and all those things. I have a perfect picture of what's going on, and I think it would be harmful not to say anything, and that's kind of been my strategy since she's gotten here is to bring them up along. It pushes the training. It's better, and I think every goalkeeper at their age needs to have that.
[Too] many times rookie goalkeepers get thrown in, and they get eaten up and spit out, and it hurts their careers, and it takes years to rebuild it and sometimes can be a nightmare. And, as you can see with Aubrey, they take a year under their belt of understanding the game, learning the game, learning the position, and when they step in, they can do well. It sets them up for success, not for failure, and I think that's the biggest thing people are seeing. She's been ready. They wasn' put into a situation they aren't ready for.
On how they and Yaxley jointly run training sessions.
Yeah, well, I think, for Lloyd, they have—he comes in every morning with their plan. They have it on paper. I look over it—looks great, seems right, but when you get out there, if the movement's not right, it might look right on paper, but when I'm moving through the goal, if something's not working, it doesn't feel natural—everything I replicate is in the game. If I'm having to move in ways I don't in the game, I'm not gonna do it because it's just teaching bad habits. So once I get in goal, if I do something a few times, and I'm like, “This isn't working. Doesn't feel right.” They can see it, too.
So, both of us will step in, and I'll be like, “It seems more natural for me to move this way and get set or my body shaped this way, or your angle's off. Or it causes me to dive backwards.” Those are the things that until I get in and I can really feel it, I have to change it because I'm not just gonna do something to do it. I think it's important to replicate everything I do even in the weight room. I won't do squat jumps just to do squat jumps. Like, everything I do, it has to be a purpose in what I'm gonna do out here on the field. So that's kind of where she's probably thinking we bounce things off to get it right. That's the importance is to get it right.
On admiration from Bledsoe and their relationship.
Aubrey and I have a great relationship, same with the team. I'm a vocal leader. That's my job. So, any time I can step in and help make an impact or coach or do anything like that, I try to do that. I think too many times—I mean, has it been exhausting? Yeah. Because I'm here. I'm at PT. I'm at the hospital, but there are days where I'm not here, and while I'm here, I do; I try to make the most of it. And I think sitting back, and if I see things wrong, I'm becoming more of the problem instead of the solution, so it's hard for me just to sit back and shut my mouth.
And people—it's a different perspective coming from me compared to coming from Tom or Khano or Lloyd. Just playing at the level I've played at, I think it holds, and it sticks to them, and sometimes I'm really fricking harsh on them, truthfully. I'm the first to say that I'm very—I think that there's a standard, and the standard should always be held, but I think we're all human. And there's an emotional side to it. So, any chance I get to be—put my arm around someone or tell them how well they're doing or how much I appreciate them, it's important to get those opponents and because, you know, people don't know, like, how much you care, like, until you really go out of your comfort and you're vulnerable.
Yeah, it's really difficult. It's tricky in women's sports because a lot of things do get held personally. So you have to put your arm around people, and if you observe, you know which players that you need kind of lift up, but, also, it's about being competitive and holding a high standard, and I'm not perfect, and I don't know if I have the perfect balance, and I think that's really awesome that my teammates think that of me, and I'm very grateful for that. But every day, I just, like, try to really show up and be me, and that's giving this team 100 percent of me and not feeling any regrets or leaving any of that out. And that's all aspects.
On approach to injury.
You know, truthfully, could I have rushed back? Could I have been playing by now? Yes. I just don't see the point in that. I think Aubrey's in a really good place. The team is in a good place. She's doing their job. If it was a nightmare, it would've been different. She's made it easier on me. I just have to be smart about these type of things. With my position, I ripped my quad pretty bad, and I wanna make sure that that doesn't become a chronic thing. I can't have every few months—you know, I don't let it heal, and it's continuing to nag, and if it's a World Cup final, if it's an NWSL final, that's different. But she's stepping it—I trust them I trust Aubrey. I trust—the team trusts them You know, if I had an issue where everyone was like, “Oh, Jesus. She's—” Like, we don't have that. So it's giving me the opportunity to sit back, do it at my pace, do it at my comfort because even though Orlando Pride is my priority, there are other priorities that are down the line. I have to be careful that I don't thrash myself, and now I set myself back four months instead of two months. So, everyone has got together, and, you know, it's been a process, but it's been a smart process, and that's what I love most about my medical staff here and my coaching staff.
They're not pushing me to do anything I'm not comfortable with which makes life very easy for me. I feel 100 percent good. I'm great in training. I'm training more and harder than I ever have. I've been working with PTs; I've been working with ATs, the doctors, Lloyd every single day. I'm out here before anyone. So it's only helping me, but I just gotta ease my way in. You know, a normal player, you get 20 minutes. You know, like an Alex coming off a hamstring, she'll play 10 minutes; then she'll play 20 minutes; then she'll play 45 minutes; then she'll play, hopefully, 90. I don't have that luxury. I have to be 100 percent and 100 percent ready to be played in. We don't even have the numbers this week to play big-sided. So all week, it's been small-sided stuff. So I haven't even seen the bigger picture. And to kind of throw myself into that this week, it'd be like throwing me to the wolves. So, that's kind of the process of where we're at. But, yeah, I'm 100 percent healthy and fit. I'm ready to go. It's just gotta be the right timing. Everything is a timing thing right now.
For more on Harris, as they return to the pitch, follow Victor Tan on Twitter at @NDR_VictorTan.
AutoGuide.com
We all know that BMW is working on an i5 electric car, but is it also preparing a sportier i2 or i4 coupe?
A design filing has been posted on Europe's OHIM system that was originally filed on April 14, 2015 and registered May 11, but details have been kept under wraps until today's publishing. It was also seen last year on the Chinese Patent Bureau. At first glance, the front end resembles the BMW i8, especially the grilles, further suggesting that it will be an i model. Given that it's a two-door body style, it will likely take on an even number, and based on BMW's nomenclature and given its compact size, we're inclined to believe it's a BMW i2. Other rumors from last year suggest it could be a fuel cell vehicle, while some are saying that it's just a hydrogen research vehicle.
SEE ALSO: BMW i5 in ‘Final Stages' of Body Style Decision
Interestingly, there are two fuel caps on the design filing, although that could just be a minor technicality, given that these are renders. It does have aggressive lines and will likely preview an upcoming concept. Given the German automaker's willingness to produce a model for every segment imaginable, it wouldn't be a surprise that BMW might eventually offer a full lineup of electrified i vehicles ranging from the i2 to the i8.
Discuss this story on our BMW Forum
BEIJING: China today dismissed a top Pakistani Army General's allegation that India has established a special intelligence cell at a cost of USD 500 million to sabotage the strategic China-Pakistan Economic Corridor CPEC ), saying it does not have any such report.Chairman of Pakistan's Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee General Zubair Mehmood Hayat on November 14 said had accused India of stoking "chaos and anarchy" in the region.He alleged that Indian's external intelligence agency RAW has established a special cell at a cost of USD 500 million to sabotage the CPEC. They also accused India of fanning terrorism in the restive province of Balochistan "We have no such relevant reports," Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Lu Kang told a media briefing when asked about the allegation.China's rebuff over the allegation against India is significant considering that Beijing and Islamabad regard themselves as "iron brothers" sharing "all-weather ties".Also in an apparent reference to India's objections over the CPEC traversing through the Pakistan-occupied Kashmir, Lu said "we hope that CPEC could win more recognition and support from regional countries and the international community".Pakistan's top officials have been accusing RAW of sabotaging the CPEC as the Pakistani security forces had to battle numerous attacks by the Balochistan nationalist forces as well as the Islamic State in Balochistan province.The CPEC connects China's restive Xinjiang province with Gwadar Port in Balochistan.Lu said the CPEC is new type cooperation framework built by China and Pakistan for long term cooperation development."It is important not just to the common development of China and Pakistan but also regional connectivity and common prosperity," they said.He said China believes that it can work with Pakistan to ensure the success of the CPEC and the economic cooperation in various fields between the two countries.
In case you haven't heard, Windows 10 is here, and the version for phones will arrive soon. To help you prepare, Microsoft posted the initial list of Lumia handsets that'll be privy to the free upgrade later this year. The collection of mobile devices includes Lumia 430, Lumia 535, Lumia 640 XL, Lumia 735, Lumia 830, Lumia 930 and others for 10 total. This means that if you own one of group, or have been thinking about picking one up, you'll be able to grab the new software when it's released. Of course, Windows 10 Mobile will deliver those universal apps, a retooled Action Center and Microsoft's new Edge browser. For the full list of phones that will be included in the initial update, jump down past the break. Bummed because your daily driver didn't make the cut? Don't fret: this is the first set and there could be more included later.
Q: Is wearing a tawiz (ruqya or amulet) shirk?
Statements by Salafi-wahabis like Shaykh Omar Bakri Mohammed & others such as Bilal Philips, ibn Baz, and Al-Albani:
Whosoever wears the hijab or so-called taweez that includes pictures, numbers, signs, characters or strange wording that has no meaning, or even writes some Qur'anic words on a piece of paper and puts it around the neck all these are means and forms of shirk.
A: Now let us look at the evidence from Quran, hadith and respectable scholars.
وَنُنَزِّلُ مِنَ الْقُرْآنِ مَا هُوَ شِفَاء وَرَحْمَةٌ لِّلْمُؤْمِنِينَ وَلاَ يَزِيدُ الظَّالِمِينَ إَلاَّ خَسَارًا
Allah says: “And We reveal of the Qur'an what is a healing and a mercy for the believers, and the wrong-doers are not increased except in loss” (17:82)
It has been said that they who does not seek cure through the Qur'an, Allah does not cure him. The scholars interpret that verse in two ways however:
The first is that cure is for the hearts, by the removal of ignorance and doubt which hinder the understanding of miracles and matters pointing to Allah Almighty;
The second, that cure is for outward diseases, through the use of healing verses [ruqya] and seeking refuge.
Imam al-Qurtubi then lists instructions for making a kind of ruqya called nushra: various verses are recited over a clean container which is then filled with water; the water is then used for wudu‘ by someone who already has a valid wudu‘, and who also soaks their Head and limbs with it but does not use it for ghusl or istinja‘; it may be drunk; they then prays two rak`as at the conclusion of which they ask for healing, and so for three days. Al-Qurtubi cites Ibn `Abd al-Barr's statement whereby the Prophet's condemnation of nushra concerns whatever contradicts the Qur'an and Sunna, not what conforms to it.
Imam al-Qurtubi continues: “The Prophet said: Cure for my Community is in but three verses of Allah's Book, a mouthful of honey, or cupping. They also said: Ruqya is allowed as long as there is no idolatry [shirk]; and if you can help your brother, help him.
Malik ibn Anas said: To hang writings of Allah's Names upon oneself is permitted for healing and blessing but not for protection against the evil eye [see Abu Hayyan, Tafsir al bahr al-muhit 6:74]. `Abd Allah ibn `Amr used to hang a protective invocation taught by the Prophet around the necks of their young children. (Abu Dawud and Tirmidhi – hasan)
`A'isha said: “Whatever is worn after the descent of calamity is not an amulet (laysa min al-tama'im).”…
As for seeking cure (istishfa‘) with the Qur'an whether worn on oneself or not then it is no shirk at all: the Prophet said: “Whoever hangs something (upon oneself), they are left to it for protection.” Therefore who hangs Qur'an is certainly taken under Allah's protection, and They will not leave them to other than Him. Wearing a ruqya is accepted by: Ibn al-Musayyib, ad-Dahhak, Ja`far as-Sadiq, and Ibn Sirin.”
We ask, “How did they miss the explanation of Imaam Nawawi in their in al-Majmu' sharh al-muhadhdhab?:
One may adduce as evidence for their permissibility [amulets (ta`wiz) containing protective or healing words (ruqya, hijab)] the hadith of `Amr ibn Shu`ayb, from their father, from their grandfather [`Amr ibn al-`As], that the Messenger of Allah (Allah bless them and give them peace) used to teach them for fearful situations the words: a`udhu bi kalimatillah al-tammat min ghadabihi wa sharri `ibadihi wa min hamazat al-shayatina wa an yahdurun = I seek refuge in Allah's perfect words from Their wrath, from the evil of Their servants, from the whispered insinuations of devils, and lest they come to me. `Abd Allah ibn `Amr [in Tirmidhi and Abu Dawud: `Abd Allah ibn `Umar] used to teach these words to those of their sons who had reached the age of reason, and used to write them and hang them upon those who had not.
The hadith is related in Abu Dawud, … Nawawi included it in their Adhkar…. (#264).
Awf ibn Malik said: We would use ruqya in Jahiliyya, so we said: “O Messenger of Allah, what do you say about this?” They replied: “Show me your protective words (a`ridu `alayya ruqakum), there is no harm in ruqya as long as it contains no shirk.” [Muslim and Abu Dawud ]
Among the Companions it is established that `Abd Allah ibn `Amr used to make their small children wear ta`wiz and they certainly would not have done it if it consisted in shirk or led to it. This is confirmed by the Tabi`in who accepted the unconditional wearing of ta`wiz by both adults and children such as Sa`id ibn al-Musayyib, al-Dahhak, Ja`far al-Sadiq, and Ibn Sirin, and among those of later times Malik ibn Anas, as related by Qurtubi. Neither the latter nor Imam Nawawi objected to it, nor did the narrators of `Abd Allah ibn `Amr's report such as Tirmidhi, Nasa'i, Ahmad, and Abu Dawud.
Yahya related to me from Malik that Humayd ibn Qays al-Makki (Allah be well pleased with him) said, “A man came to the Messenger of Allah, may Allah bless them and grant them peace, with the two sons of Jafar ibn Abi Talib. They said to their nursemaid, ‘Why do I see them so thin?' Their nursemaid said, ‘Messenger of Allah, the evil eye goes quickly to them. Nothing stops us from asking someone to make talismans (using ayats of Qur'an) for them, except that we do not know what of that would agree with you.' The Messenger of Allah, may Allah bless them and grant them peace, said, ‘Make talismans for them. Had anything been able to precede the decree, the evil eye would precede it.' ” (Muwatta – Imam Malik)
Yahya related to me from Malik from Yahya ibn Said from Sulayperson ibn Yasar that `Urwa ibn az-Zubayr (Allah be well pleased with him) told them that the Messenger of Allah (may Allah bless them and grant them peace) entered the house of Umm Salama (r), the wife of the Prophet, may Allah bless them and grant them peace. There was a child weeping in the house, and they told them that it was from the evil eye. `Urwa said, “The Messenger of Allah, may Allah bless them and grant them peace, said, ‘Why do you not find someone to make a talisman to protect it from the evil eye?' ” (Muwatta – Imam Malik)
فقد روى مسلم في صحيحه عن أبي سعيد رضي الله عنه أن جبريل أتى النبي صلى الله عليه وسلم، فقال: يا محمد اشتكيت، فقال: نعم، قال: بسم الله أرقيك من كل شيء يؤذيك من شر كل نفس أو عين حاسد، الله يشفيك بسم الله أرقيك.
Abu Sa'id al-Khudri (Allah be well pleased with him) reported that Jibril (as) came to the Prophet (s) and said: “O Muhammad, are you sick?” They replied, ‘Yes.' They said: “Bismillahi arqik, min kulli shayin yuthik, min sharri kulli nafsin aw ayni hasid – With Allah's Name I shelter you (give you ruqyah), from all that ails you, from the evil of every soul, or that of the envious eyes. May Allah cure you; with Allah's Name I shelter you.” Muslim.
رواه ابن ماجه عن أبي هريرة رضي الله عنه، قال: جاء النبي صلى الله عليه وسلم يعودني، فقال لي: ألا أرقيك برقية جاءني بها جبريل، قلت: بأبي وأمي بلى يا رسول الله، قال: بسم الله أرقيك والله يشفيك من كل داء فيك (من شر النفاثات في العقد ومن شر حاسد إذا حسد)، ثلاث مرات.
It was narrated that Abu Hurairah said:
“The Prophet (Peace be upon him) came to visit me (when I was sick), and said to me: ‘Shall I not recite for you a Ruqyah that Jibra'il brought to me?' I said: ‘May my father and mother be ransomed for you! Yes, O Messenger of Allah!' They said: Bismillah arqika, wallahu yashfika, min kulli da'in fika, min sharrin- naffathati fil-‘uqad, wa min sharri hasidin idha hasad (In the Name of Allah I perform Ruqyah for you, from every disease that is in you, and from the evil of those who (practice witchcraft when they) blow in the knots, and from the evil of the envier when they envy), three times.”
When Egypt was conquered by the Muslims, there was a custom to throw a girl in the Nile River on the 11th night of one of the non-Arabic months in order that the Nile would continue to flow. It was believed that without throwing a girl into it, the Nile would not flow. Amr Ibn al-`As (r) wrote to the Caliph `Umar (r) concerning this custom. `Umar sent a message to the Nile saying: “If you were flowing before by your own power, we do not want you to run; and if Allah is the one who makes you flow, we ask the Almighty to make you flow.” Amr Ibn al-`As threw the letter of `Umar into the Nile one day before the Christian commemoration of the crucifixion. The following morning they woke up to find the river flowing stronger and had gone up 48 feet in one night. (Ibn Hajar, in Al-Sawa'iq). A large Taweez, written with black ink on cloth, is on display in the Museum attached to the Badshahi Mosque in Lahore. It is written by non other than Ameer al-Momineen Sayyidina `Ali (may Allah be pleased with him).
The great Hanafi Jurist, Ibn Abidin states:
“Using of Ta'wizes will be impermissible if they are written in a non-Arabic language in that its meaning is not known. They may consist of black magic, disbelief or impermissible invocations. However, if they consist of Qur'anic verses or prescribed supplications (du`as), then there is nothing wrong with using them (Radd al-Muhtar).
Imam Ibn Taymiyya (Allah have mercy on him) writes in their Fatawa:
“It is permissible for an ill or troubled person, that certain verses from the Qur'an are written with pure ink, then it is washed and given to the ill to drink. Ibn `Abbas (Allah be pleased with him) is reported to have mentioned a certain Dua that should be written and placed close to the woman who is experiencing hard labour at the time of giving birth.
==================
[Additional information]
Hadith Regarding not Seeking Ruqyah
With regard to the hadith narrated by Muslim, according to which the Prophet (peace and blessings be upon him) described the seventy thousand of this Ummah who will enter Paradise without being brought to account or punished, and in which it says: “They are those who did not recite Ruqyah or ask for Ruqyah to be done, and they did not believe in bad omens and they put their trust in their Lord ” – the phrase “they did not recite Ruqyah ” is the words of the narrator, not of the Prophet (peace and blessings be upon him). Hence al-Bukhari narrated this hadith and did not mention this phrase. Ibn Taymiyah said: “These people are praised because they did not ask anyone to recite Ruqyah for them, and Ruqyah is a type of du`aa', so they did not ask others to pray for them. The phrase “and they did not recite Ruqyah ” which is mentioned in the hadith is a mistake (on the part of the narrator), for their Ruqyah for themselves and for others is a good deed. The Prophet (peace and blessings be upon him) recited Ruqyah for themselves and for others but they did not ask anyone to recite Ruqyah for him. Their reciting Ruqyah for themselves and others was like their making du`aa' for themselves and others; this is something that is enjoined, for all the prophets asked of Allah and prayed to Him, as Allah tells us in the stories of Adam, Ibrahim, Musa. ” (Majmu` al-Fatawa, 1/182)
Ibn al-Qayyim said: “This phrase is inserted in the hadith, but it is a mistake on the part of some of the narrators.” (Hadi al-Arwah, 1/89)
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
This article originally appeared at Climate Central and is reproduced here with permission.
For the past few weeks, dry and warm weather have fueled large forest fires across Canada's remote Northwest Territories. The extent of those fires is well above average for the year to-date, and is in line with climate trends of more fires burning in the northern reaches of the globe.
Of the 186 wildfires in the Northwest Territories to-date this year, 156 of them are currently burning. That includes the Birch Creek Fire complex, which stretches over 250,000 acres.
The amount of acres burned in the Northwest Territories is six times greater than the 25-year average to-date according to data from the Canadian Interagency Forest Fire Center.
Boreal forests like those in the Northwest Territories are burning at rates “unprecedented” in the past 10,000 years according to the authors of a study put out last year. The northern reaches of the globe are warming at twice the rate as areas closer to the equator, and those hotter conditions are contributing to more widespread burns.
The combined boreal forests of Canada, Europe, Russia and Alaska, account for 30 percent of the world's carbon stored in land, carbon that's taken up to centuries to store. Forest fires like those currently raging in the Northwest Territories, as well as ones in 2012 and 2013 in Russia, can release that stored carbon into the atmosphere and contribute to global warming. Warmer temperatures can in turn create a feedback loop, priming forests for wildfires that release more carbon into the atmosphere and cause more warming. The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change's landmark climate report released earlier this year indicates that for every 1.8 degree Fahrenheit rise in temperatures, wildfire activity is expected to double.
In addition, soot from forest fires can also darken ice in the Arctic and melt it faster. The 2012 fires in Siberia released so much soot that they helped create a shocking melt of Greenland's ice sheet. Over the course of a few weeks in July that year, 95 percent of the surface melted. That could become a yearly occurrence by 2100 if temperatures continue to rise along with wildfire activity.
Forest in other parts of the globe are also feeling the effects of climate change. In the western U.S., wildfire season has lengthened by 75 days compared to 40 years ago. Additionally, rising temperatures and shrinking snowpack have helped drive an increase in the number of large forest fires. In Australia, fire danger is also increasing, if not the total number of fires, due to a similar trend of hotter, dryer weather.
Perhaps not surprisingly then, the current Northwest Territories fires have been fueled by hot and dry weather. Yellowknife's June high temperatures were 3.8 degrees Fahrenheit above normal highs while rainfall was only 15 percent of normal. Through July 15, high temperatures have been running 4 degrees Fahrenheit above July averages and the city has only seen 2 percent of its normal rainfall for the month. While these conditions can't be tied specifically to climate change, they're in line with those trends.
The fires have shut down parts of territory's Highway 3, a main thoroughfare, and inundated Yellowknife with a thick haze of smoke and ash. The city's 19,000 residents are also under a health warning. At points last week, the smoke plume was whisked south across the provinces of Alberta and Saskatchewan and even reaching the Dakotas, 2,000 miles away.
From 1961 to 1966, the San Diego Chargers played at Balboa Stadium, a relic built in 1914 that had a seating capacity of 34,000 for football. The now-Los Angeles Chargers will play for the next three seasons in a stadium even smaller in an era of 80,000-seat megaplexes.
When the Chargers host the Miami Dolphins in Week 2 at StubHub Center in suburban Carson on Sept. 17, the place will be filled to capacity — 27,000 seats, about 50% fewer seats than the next smallest NFL stadium, the Oakland–Alameda County Coliseum.
Playing at such a small stadium may have been the Chargers' only option, but the result will be the best fan experience in the league. In no other stadium will all fans be as close to the field — “NFL 3-D,” as one ex-Charger said. Fewer people also means shorter concession lines and less of a hassle parking.
This is not a column supporting the Chargers' move from San Diego, where they played for 56 seasons and had a dedicated fan base. The move sucks and having lived in L.A. for 30 years I can tell you that basically no one here cares about having the Chargers. They'll start behind the Lakers, Dodgers, USC football, UCLA basketball, Clippers, Angels, Rams and maybe the Kings in fan interest.
But for fans who want a close-up NFL experience, StubHub will be hard to beat.
The Chargers didn't have a whole lot of options. The L.A. Coliseum already has USC on Saturdays and the Rams on Sundays. The Rose Bowl, which seats 100,000, said no to having an NFL tenant two years before the Chargers announced their move. Dodger Stadium and Angel Stadium weren't really viable.
StubHub Center was the choice almost by default, but the team is spinning the news as a positive. “Is that bad?” team President and CEO Dean Spanos told Peter King of MMQB when asked about the small capacity. “Is it bad that every seat is sold, and the fan experience is positive? How is that bad? You may start to see the downsizing of stadiums in sports anyway.”
All 27,000 seats and 46 luxury suites have been sold for 2017. And the seats aren't cheap – the $192 average ticket price is the highest in the league. None of this is a surprise.
The L.A.-Orange County metro area has 12 million people, so 95% of the public might not care about the Chargers, but it doesn't take many to fill 27,000 seats. Take into account fans of visiting teams who want to see their teams live and sellouts are pretty much guaranteed for the three seasons the Chargers will be playing at the StubHub Center. (The Chargers' first preseason game on Aug. 13 drew only 21,000, but no-shows in preseason are pretty much the norm at NFL stadiums.)
Even a game between two bad NFL teams late in the season easily gets more than 27,000 fans. Last Christmas Eve's dog between the 5-9 Chargers and 0-14 Browns drew 57,000 in Cleveland. There's no doubt that the Chargers will play to sellouts each week, even if a good portion of the fans are rooting for the other team.
On StubHub.com, the cheapest Philadelphia Eagles at Chargers ticket right now is $231. For the Oakland Raiders game on New Year's Eve, it's $280. In comparison, a December visit from the Browns is a steal — $92 for the cheapest seats.
I have been to StubHub Center to see the L.A. Galaxy and the stadium has an intimate feel, bringing you close to the action. There will be some seats erected in an upgrade done for the Chargers, but otherwise the configuration will stay the same as for soccer. Some seats will make a fan feel they can listen in to the huddle.
“There's also a section that sits directly on the field, a safe distance behind the players and down closer to the goal line,” Sam Farmer of the Los Angeles Times writes. “Whereas other stadiums have ground-level suites, these might be the league's only on-field seats.”
These on-field seats cost $7,000 for a season ticket. If Philip Rivers throws a game-deciding, soul-crushing late-game pick six, a fan in those seats will have every F-bomb heard by Rivers. Even the “worst” seat in the house is still a lot closer than you get at other NFL stadiums. As the L.A. Times notes, “the elevation of the seats in the last row of StubHub Center is lower than the first row of luxury-suite seats in most NFL stadiums.”
Early reviews show that the Chargers players see the upside of such a small stadium. Rivers pronounced the venue “awesome,” adding, "There's no bad seat in the house. Everybody's going to have a great seat and be up close to the action.” Defensive end Melvin Ingram agreed, saying, "The atmosphere is amazing. Everybody's all close. It's just a warm feeling, and I like that feeling. I love this place."
Of course, the players' sentiments might change if the Chargers keep losing (9-23 the last two seasons). Then the crowd will be either hostile fans of the opposing team or Chargers fans who have turned hostile. In that case, intimate will not be a positive.
Fewer fans also mean much less waiting in line for concessions or restrooms. That's always a hassle at a large stadium, having to time a bathroom, food or beer run. It will be easier at StubHub Center. For example, Katie Pandolfo, StubHub's general manager, said that while most NFL stadiums have a ratio of about 120 fans to each concession stand, “we tried to get even lower than that. We're at 112 to one.”
The Rams have recognized the perils of too many fans, especially since they play in the aging Coliseum. The team will sell only 70,000 tickets for games this year, down 10,000 from 2016. Shorter lines and a better fan experience were the reasons cited for the move.
Despite what Spanos said about sports stadiums downsizing, there's no way NFL teams want to play in 27,000-seat stadiums; too much revenue is being left on the table, even if ticket prices are high. Fewer fans mean less money made on parking, concessions and merchandise. In 2020, the Chargers will move into the new stadium they will share with the Rams and the capacity there will be 70,000.
The Chargers are playing at a tiny stadium out of necessity, but this will turn out to be a plus for fans.
President Obama signed a bill into law Wednesday that places stronger regulations on chemicals present in nearly every product Americans use, including detergents, clothing, paint thinners, cleansers and automobiles.
The Frank R. Lautenberg Chemical Safety for the 21st Century Act passed by Congress early this month in a rare bipartisan vote. It updates the Toxic Substances Control Act, which had not been reauthorized since the Ford administration in the mid-1970s. The new law gives the Environmental Protection Agency more oversight and stronger tools to monitor chemicals that in some cases could cause cancer and other health problems in adults and children.
Minutes before signing the law, Obama said the bill's passage showed that "even in the current polarized political process here in Washington, things can work." They added: "Somewhere on the horizon we can make politics less toxic as well."
Congress passed the legislation after decades of criticism from environmental groups that called on lawmakers to fix what they called "one of the worst environmental laws on the books." Federal oversight over chemicals was so weak that a court ruled the EPA lacked the power to fully regulate use of asbestos.
EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy said the TSCA was well meant when it was originally passed but "without major changes to the law, EPA couldn't take the actions necessary to protect people from toxic chemicals."
[Why Congress worked to overhaul 'the worst environmental law on the books']
"The updated law gives EPA the authorities we need to protect American families from the health effects of dangerous chemicals," McCarthy said in a statement. "And at EPA, we're excited to get to work putting it into action."
Now the EPA is expected to start reviewing at least 10 potentially toxic chemicals that are commonly found in households and businesses across the country: asbestos, formaldehyde and flame retardants. Those chemicals are in the framework of homes, cars, family sofas, clothing and even newspaper ink.
Remarking on the bill's passage, Sen. Tom Udall (D-N.M.) explained why the old law fell short. "Most Americans believe that when they buy a product at the hardware store or the grocery store, that product has been tested and determined to be safe," they said. "But that isn't the case. Americans are exposed to hundreds of chemicals from household items."
The Society of Chemical Manufacturers and Affiliates praised the bill's passage as historic and said it "begins the process of regaining the public's confidence in everyday products made possible by our industry."
The reaction of environmental groups was deeply split, with some hailing the bill as a new way forward and others calling it a disappointment.
Richard Denison, a lead scientist at the Environmental Defense Fund, called it "a strong new TSCA." Unlike the old version, the new law allows the EPA to stop a potentially dangerous chemical from going to market. A consideration of high risk populations, such as pregnant women and children, will factor into decisions on whether to approve chemicals. Chemicals with high priority concerns will get faster reviews, and companies can no longer hide behind "trade secret" claims to shield the identity of chemicals they use so officials can't investigate them.
Camelback brand water bottles that are free of the controversial carbonate plastic bisphenol-a (BPA), a widely used synthetic chemical, are displayed at a store in Arcadia, Calif. (David McNew/Getty Images)
But the Environmental Working Group said the bill got a lot wrong. States would be stripped of their power to stop products they deem suspicious from going to market for up to three years during an EPA investigation. Congress doesn't provide the agency with adequate funding to take on a stronger oversight role, the group said. And EPA must factor in the cost to a company for eliminating a chemical deemed harmful to public safety.
"The failure to include a bulletproof safety standard or sufficient resources, along with the uncertain effects of new restrictions on state action, could ultimately result in less regulatory action than supporters claim," Melanie Benesh, an attorney, and Scott Faber, vice president of government affairs, wrote for EWG.
Chemical companies can continue to tie up the EPA's oversight in the courts, "which is exactly what happened 25 years ago when the courts overturned EPA's attempt to ban asbestos."
Read more:
Here's how to avoid toxic products
Plane takes off from the South Pole in rare, risky effort to rescue sick workers
Scientists just got the best measure yet of one of the fundamentals of physics
A sloth risks its life every time it poops. Watch the harrowing act for yourself
Oculus VR is co-publishing dogfighting game Eve: Valkyrie with developer CCP Games, and it will be an Oculus Rift-exclusive title that's part of the headset's launch lineup, Oculus announced today.
It is the first publishing project for the Oculus team. Eve: Valkyrie is under development at the Newcastle, U.K.-based branch of CCP Games. The studio first announced Eve: Valkyrie as its own game last August; the project began as a tech demo known as Eve-VR and was designed from the start as a virtual reality experience.
"We couldn't be more excited about the future of Valkyrie, and we're thrilled to help CCP bring the best possible made-for-VR experience to the Rift," reads the announcement post from the Oculus team, which is currently soliciting pitches from other developers for publishing opportunities with VR games.
In an effort to be more "open and transparent," Oculus also released the Oculus Latency Tester as an open-source project today. The latency tester consists of the schematic and board layout, firmware, STL files for an enclosure that can be produced with a 3D printer and associated documentation. Oculus has put out the latency tester under licenses that allow people to "use, modify, distribute, tear apart, and even sell the project or pieces of it." Interested parties can also order a latency tester directly from Oculus.
Legend has it that Walt Disney's staff once presented their boss with a spoof cartoon on their birthday. Lovingly illustrated, it depicted an apple-cheeked Snow White engaging in serial sex with the seven dwarfs. When the lights came up, Disney applauded vigorously, marvelled at the film's ingenuity and casually wondered who was responsible for it. When the blushing illustrators identified themselves, Disney promptly fired them. They never worked for the company again.
If there is one moral to be taken from this tale, it is that you tarnish the Mouse House at your peril. Let's put it another way. Disney stands for all things sweet and clean and wholesome and to say (or do) otherwise is to risk its wrath. Disneyworld Florida reportedly once employed a team of trained marksmen. Their mission: to gun down any birds they suspected might be about to land a deposit on Main Street.
A recent survey revealed Disney to be the single most trusted brand name in America. Fitting really, because few corporations present so perfect a mirror of the nation that spawned them. Just as America is a land of glaring contradictions - a libertarian Utopia founded on slavery and genocide - so its most beloved brand is a split, two-fold creation. Behind Disney's gleaming window display lies an engine-room of rampant venture capitalism.
Disney's authorised history is well-known. It began 100 years ago this week, with the birth of a poor kid in Chicago who would go on to become an American institution. Down the years, biographers have speculated that the man's squeaky-clean output was a response to their own turbulent, itinerant childhood and their harsh experiences working for the Red Cross in the first world war. Whatever the reasons, Disney was to hit on a magic formula. In sugaring age-old myths and folk-tales with a bright, animated coating, they became arguably the 20th century's most popular and prolific storyteller.
The trouble is that Disney the entertainer goes hand in hand with Disney the man (an undercover liaison for the FBI; a rabid anti-communist who shopped suspected sympathisers during the McCarthy era). And Disney the man goes hand in hand with Disney the industry; a vast spiderweb that extends far beyond a cheerful band of dedicated animators. At the last count, Disney owned nine TV stations, 21 radio stations, seven daily newspapers, various book and music publishers, several airports and five movie studios (including Miramax, which allows the company to profit from films like Pulp Fiction without seeming directly associated in its drugs'n'violence plotline).
Plus we have those Disney theme parks (in Orlando, Anaheim, Tokyo and Paris). Take Disneyworld Florida, the place that offers the most intriguing insight into the Disney mode of business. The corporation bought the land from local farmers under the banner of the Reedy Creek Improvement District, a supposedly public entity established by the state of Florida. Critics allege that this has enabled Disney to run the Magic Kingdom as a sort of semi-autonomous principality, bypassing rules and regulations that hamper other businesses in the state. If so, the agreement effectively casts the Florida state government in the role of Pluto; a compliant lapdog to the Disney master. (That said, Florida's immediate neighbour to the north isn't much better. In 1998, the governor of Georgia declared a state-wide "Hercules Day" as a means to promote the latest Disney blockbuster).
In the end, the Walt Disney story stands as a textbook example of that classic oxymoron: the entertainment business. This is the central contradiction at the corporation's heart - the rigorous, ruthless business of pushing a product that speaks warmth and light and goodwill to all men. For most of us, the entertainment is all that registers. We view Bambi and Pinocchio as nostalgic classics of our childhood while simultaneously thrilling to more recent output like Toy Story, A Bug's Life and the upcoming Monsters Inc (all made in collaboration with Pixar), with their state-of-the-art computer imagery and hipper, more streetwise scripts.
And yet could it be that the product itself is as deeply suspect as the business behind it? Disney, its critics contend, trades in a bogus, sentimentalised, Prozac-style view of a world where all the roughage has been social-engineered out of existence. Carl Hiaasen certainly thinks so. In their anti-Mouse book Team Rodent, the Miami-based writer claims that: "Disney is so good at being good that it manifests an evil, so uniformly efficient and courteous, so dependably clean and conscientious, so unfailingly entertaining that it's unreal and therefore an agent of pure wickedness."
If Walt was still alive, he'd presumably be celebrating their centenary with a pageant that would put the Queen Mum to shame. As it is, the animator died in 1966; killed off by a twin assault of lung cancer and cardiac arrest. They left behind both a multi-billion dollar company and (legend has it) a cryogenetically preserved corpse. If the stories are true, the Walt who gave us Disney currently resides under glass: a human faËade, impeccable looking; at once lifelike and utterly unreal. Man and brand in perfect harmony.
All times Mountain Standard Time (MST).
Thursday, January Jan 17, 2019
7:30am -
8:00am
Live Streaming Begins
8:00am -
8:30am
Weather Briefing: Dale Eck - Leader of Forecast Operations, The Americas, The Weather Company
8:30am -
10:00am
Session 1: Dr. Jim White - Interim Dean of Arts and Sciences, Director, Institute for Arctic and Apline Research
A Look Back...and Forward: 30 Years of Crying in the Wilderness
10:00am -
10:30am
Break
10:30am -
12:00pm
Session 2: Dr. Gina Eosco - Contractor, NOAA Oceanic & Atmospheric Research
Communication Challenges to Getting People to Respond to You: Some Fun with a Social Scientist
Friday, January Jan 18, 2019
7:30am -
8:00am
Live Streaming Begins
8:00am -
8:15am
Weather Briefing: Dale Eck - Leader of Forecast Operations, The Americas, The Weather Company
8:15am -
9:15am
Session 3: Dr. Ellen Prager - Media Expert & Chief Science Advisor, Celebrity Cruise Lines for the Galapagos, Author & President, Earth2Ocean
Getting the Science Right in Extreme non-Weather Events
9:15am -
10:15pm
Session 4: Rick Thoman - Alaska Center for Climate Assessment and Policy, University of Alaska, Fairbanks
It's Happening Now: Climate and Extreme Weather Impacts in Alaska
10:15am -
10:30am
Break
10:30am -
12:00pm
Pokémon X and Y is the renovation this series has deserved for over a decade.
With Pokémon X and Y, Game Freak hasn't just buffed out long-standing blemishes with the core series; they've also added new, welcome features at every turn. The developer is finally starting to get proactive, rather than reactive, about how they change the Pokémon experience.
Game Freak's improvements with Pokémon X and Y are so comprehensive, so far-reaching that they make previous generations — and their respective improvements — seem insubstantial in hindsight. The result is not only the best Pokémon game I've ever played, but one of the best portable role-playing games ever created.
Pokémon X and Y's cosmetic, three-dimensional overhaul is the series' most obvious change. The animated sprites of Pokémon Black 2 and White 2 came close to making that leap, but the difference here is dramatic. The overworld, particularly in the game's larger cities, feels expansive, and cutscene cameras can operate in 3D space rather than just hovering 30 feet overhead.
Battles are where the effect really takes flight. Every single Pokémon through the franchise's lifetime is presented with a 3D model that attacks, takes hits and faints like an actual thing, instead of a few frames of pixel art. Combat feels dynamic and exciting, and really characterizes each Pokémon in a way that the series hasn't done before. Pokémon finally feel like characters, not just elemental weapons.
Gary Neville assesses Jose Mourinho's transfer business at Manchester United after the window shut on Thursday Gary Neville assesses Jose Mourinho's transfer business at Manchester United after the window shut on Thursday
Jose Mourinho was the key to Manchester United's impressive performance in the transfer window, according to Gary Neville.
Despite stating they were after four new players this summer, Mourinho still managed to add defender Victor Lindelof, striker Romelu Lukaku and midfielder Nemanja Matic to strengthen a squad that only finished sixth in the Premier League last season.
Those signings should leave the Portuguese manager in good spirits as they look to end the club's five-year wait for the title this season, says the former United and England defender.
Man Utd boss Jose Mourinho has enjoyed an excellent summer transfer window, says Gary Neville
"I think they will be satisfied," Neville told Sky Sports News. "He was very clear from the beginning they wanted four.
"Jose is usually outstanding in the transfer market and they have proven it again - to get Matic. Even Lukaku when they signed, it was on the edge of too much money, but when you look back now it looks like a good deal.
"They needed a centre back and they got Victor Lindelof, they have got Zlatan Ibrahimovic back."
Romelu Lukaku and Nemanja Matic (right) were signed by Man Utd this summer
Mourinho also targeted the addition of a winger, with Inter Milan's Ivan Persic their preferred choice, only for the Serie A club to refuse to sell the Croatia international.
However, the 'Special One' will recognise - especially when comparing how their rivals performed this summer - that the club cannot always succeed with all their transfer requests, says Neville.
"He wanted a wide player in Ivan Perisic and they have not got it," they said. "But they understand ultimately that you cannot get everybody you want.
Man Utd failed in a bid to sign Inter Milan winger Ivan Perisic
"What I would say about United is a couple of seasons ago, you could be immensely critical of United's transfer policy as it was all over the place.
"They were signing players who is a one, should not have been at the club, but who did not fit the profile of a Man Utd player.
"What I have seen in these last 12 months is the players that have been signed - [Paul] Pogba, [Eric] Bailly, Matic, Lukaku - in my mind they fit the profile of a United player in their strength, personality and character."
Mourinho will be happy with what happened generally in the summer, particularly when they look at some of the transfer windows others have had that have been frustrating Gary Neville
Overall, though, Neville believes Mourinho's business this year, including offloading Memphis Depay and Morgan Schneiderlin in January, has got United "back on track".
"So I am a lot happier from a United point of view as a fan that the club seems to be back on track and Jose has had a big part to play in that because they do do well in the transfer market," they said.
2:36 Man Utd 2-0 Leicester Man Utd 2-0 Leicester
"Even the shifting out of Memphis Depay and Morgan Schneiderlin last January for £45m was business that United have not done too much of in the past and they got good prices for them.
"So they can be happy. They might think they could have got one more, but they will be happy with what happened generally in the summer, particularly when they look at some of the transfer windows others have had that have been frustrating."
I am a leader in training. I am constantly observing, studying, recording, journaling the things I am learning in leadership. I write out what I am learning and listed below are some lessons which may be obvious but I have seen each one of them to be true over the last few years:
Genuinely care about people. People from all backgrounds and socioeconomic status, want to be cared for authentically and respected for who they really are behind the mask. Want your employees to be loyal? Genuinely care for them as people FIRST! Honesty is always a good policy . People follow those they can trust and know they will be upfront with them through the good and bad. If people don't trust you, pack your bags because your days are numbered as their position leader. You will FAIL if you are not approachable, humble, and available as a leader . You will fail because you have not developed the trust needed to succeed. You remain a leader in title only (John Maxwell's Level 1 Leadership). Don't become the leader up on high or the unaccessible “man behind the curtain” like the Wizard of Oz. At some point, people will come to their own conclusion (true or not) you are not leading effectively because they have no personal connection or experiential evidence to prove otherwise. Loyalty as a leader is a two-edged sword. If you remain loyal and show favoritism to your no longer effective friends (Builders, Baby Boomers) while you are letting go of hardworking, effective younger talent (GenXers & Millennials), you demoralize those who remain and lose the respect of your younger talent. Don't be surprised if you are let go soon too. Favoritism without merit will eventually prove to become the leader's downfall. Organization rises and falls ultimately on the ingenuity, forward-thinking, and energy of the CEO .Regardless of how visionary, talented, or up and coming the VPs, COO or other lower level talent are, the CEO is at the face of the organization to the world. There is a true life span to one's effectiveness within an organization . Boards and executives need to plan accordingly. Once the leader loses his/her vision and drive, the organization will soon follow. Ask where are the fresh ideas? What does the future look like or is the longtime leader only focused on remembering the glory days? Due to the digital age, change is taking place more rapidly than ever. “Glory days” no longer fit. Leaders who lead by fear will ultimately have staff who will leave at the first chance they can with no regrets. Leading by fear such as firing on a whim, micromanagement, and gatekeeping of employees will exhaust your staff, and cause them to be brittle out of anxiety. They will have no reason to be loyal. Become an expert at generational differences . Show younger generations you have not checked out as a learner and settling as a digital immigrant. Younger generations must show the maturity in respecting the collective wisdom of older generations while leading as a digital native. Titles are important to people. Be wise in demoting people and fully explain the process to all. Once a person is demoted even if you have not cut their salary, you may have wounded them permanently within your organization. Accountability is VITAL for organizations and ultimately the success of the CEO . If the CEO does not report to an accountability board (board of directors, leadership team, etc.) with the power to question them, watch out they are setting themselves up for failure. A weak/rubber stamp board creates a false sense of security and breeds blind spots. Remove checks and balances and becomes a blind, dying self-congratulatory organization. Release and multiply your leaders. Provide them the training they need, create a healthy culture of productivity, and give them the best opportunities to succeed. If you don't, you will lose them anyway if you micromanage them. Leaders allow everyone to succeed when they make a decision and stick with it. Leaders who change their minds often after decisions have been announced, cause their followers to be like seasick sailors who question your effectiveness of handling the “ship” and the confidence of your leadership. Be thorough in your planning and preparation and then see your decision, plan, program through to it's conclusion.
I have a long way to go. I make plenty of mistakes (including the list of lessons) but I am always seeking to improve. I am learning every day and would love for you to add your comments as well.
Though disgruntled, reporters have held no boycotts and news outlets have toed the line ― only airing audio from briefings after they've ended, per new White House guidelines.
On Wednesday, however, the first rumblings of rebellion were heard — in the form of two pieces of audio streamed live from the White House by reporter Ksenija Pavlovic, founder and editor-in-chief of Pavlovic Today.
As The Washington Post first reported, Pavlovic used the live video-streaming app Periscope to stream audio from a press briefing held by deputy White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders.
Pavlovic, a former doctoral and teaching fellow at Yale, posted the audio streams to their Twitter page. The first lasted about 17 minutes, while the second was about 31 minutes long.
Join "Audio-only" live streaming of the White House #PressBriefing with Sarah H. Sanders https://t.co/kWRyf4wbAq — K. Pavlovic (@ksenijapavlovic) July 19, 2017
Join "Audio-only" live streaming of the White House #PressBriefing with Sarah H. Sanders https://t.co/fxjM6wQXUG — K. Pavlovic (@ksenijapavlovic) July 19, 2017
The sound quality of the recordings is poor, but Sanders can be heard on the stream introducing Marc Short, the director of legislative affairs, before taking questions from the floor.
Pavlovic's recordings are the “first known instance of a reporter disregarding the White House restrictions on recording,” according to The Hill.
It remains unclear if Pavlovic will face any repercussions from the White House or whether other reporters will emulate their behavior in future briefings.
On Twitter, several people praised Pavlovic for their “patriotism” and their courage to defy the White House.
“I hope all reporters will follow your lead,” tweeted author Jeffrey Guterman.
Thank you for your courage. The White House does not belong to Trump, or any president. It is the people's house. Sanders, et al work for us — S (@Yes_Its_Me_S) July 19, 2017
Finally a reporter with courage. pic.twitter.com/NcGuyTlzIF — Shannon N. (@5gatos) July 19, 2017
Thanks for standing up for the First Amendment! — Jo Knowles (@JoKnowles) July 19, 2017
You're the hero this nation needs. pic.twitter.com/00G3XhilsL — Meg 🎶 (@sassylibrarian1) July 19, 2017
News outlets had been allowed to air White House briefings live on TV since Bill Clinton's presidency, according to Reuters.
Cofound.it Seed: First five candidates announced
Jan Isakovic Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 5, 2017
Aversafe, Blockie, Legacy, Mediasifter and UNICO are the first five blockchain startups that will join Cofound.it Seeds program announced last week. Their idea and the team behind the projects will be evaluated and validated by you, our Cofound.it Prioritize Pass™ community. The Cofound.it teams of coaches will work with the startups on the challenges identified by the community to make sure they are in great shape.
“I'm very excited for us to gather such a lineup of quality projects to kick off the Cofound.it Seeds programme. I'm expecting great things, but time will tell,” says David Prais, head of our seed programme. Here's the list of the first Cofound.it Seeds projects:
Aversafe offers an HR solution for solving the problems of false credentials both in academia and the business world. Users of the Aversafe application can make claims and request attestations from certificate authorities, employers and peers. By using tokens they will be able to establish their identity and credentials and seamlessly share data with HR providers, identity requestors and employers.
Blockie's mission is to create open-source software tools for developers and non-developers to create new decentralised applications (Dapps), run and manage them. For this purpose they plan to realize two new concepts — Infrastructure by Contract (IbC) and The Blockie open Market (BOM). The IbC will directly connect Dapps to different types of back-end, off-chain infrastructures via an Ethereum smart contract. The vision for BOM is to become a multilayered market where seasoned programmers and non-experts can develop new applications simply by using existing solutions and reuse them as a basis for new functionality.
Legacy aims to provide blockchain based “smart wills” and digital time capsules you can leave behind for your loved ones. It will allow Legacy's users to prepare the legalities in case of an extremely unfortunate event well in advance and with little hassle. By encapsulating your digital possessions, that may or may not, have monetary value, it will store them for years to come and transmit them to whom and at a time you decide.
Media Sifter is a news aggregator that utilises the wisdom of the crowd to validate content through blockchain-powered user-consensus. It enables users to easily compare articles from different sources on specific events, and at the same time rewards the community for providing additional information for validating or refuting the content of the articles.
The digital world has a lot of potential for unique items but is lacking a notion of digital scarcity. UNICO will provide digital scarcity by linking a piece of digital content to a fixed number of access tokens that'll be issued on the Ethereum blockchain. This way premium digital content (images, videos, 3D models, immersive AR/VR tours, games, …) can be turned into limited-edition, blockchain-certified collectibles.
Big News: Germany Says It Won't Sign ACTA [Update: ... Yet]
from the wowsers dept
Okay, things just got serious over ACTA. In our post on Latvia bailing on signing ACTA, we noted that in joining with Poland and the Czech Republic, these were still much smaller European states, and unlikely to have too much of an impact. But... now comes thesurprising news that Germany has decided that it won't sign . Germany, of course, is the largest EU economy. Details are sparse, but even though the country had earlier agreed that itsign it, the Foreign Office has apparently revoked that decision and will not sign the agreement... We'll update more later as more details come in. However,is big news and could really stop ACTA.: Another source on this suggests that Germany is saying that it is putting its plan to sign on hold , but may sign later. It had intended to sign soon, but is now going to wait until the EU Parliament decides how it wants to go. So they haven't dropped ACTA entirely, but this definitely shows that the protests are worrying politicians.
Filed Under: acta, activism, copyright, germany
It seems that everyone has an opinion on artificial intelligence these days, including the UK's former prime minister.
Tony Blair has warned that we're not yet ready for what they call “another industrial revolution”.
Writing in the Spectator, the politician – best known for their leading role in the UK's 2003 invasion of Iraq – outed their concerns over coming technological changes, like the advent of artificial intelligence.
“ The pace of change is not slowing; it is accelerating ,” explains Blair.
The former PM continues: “The next generation of technological advance – big data, possibly in time AI – will be akin to yet another industrial revolution except that this time it will affect the service sector too.”
Blair says we're “in danger of not asking the right questions”, and argued for making “more radical” decisions in future governance.
“We have to understand it and prepare for it. Infrastructure, housing, social exclusion – all these challenges require more modernising and less ideological thinking,” they write, in an article titled ‘In defence of Blairism'.
The Labour politician isn't the first to warn about humanity's lack of preparation for artificial intelligence.
A number of prominent technologists have spoken out about development in the sector, including Stephen Hawking, Bill Gates, Steve Wozniak, and Elon Musk.
The latter even donated $10 million to the Future of Life Institute, a company that hopes to “mitigate existential risks facing humanity”, such as aggressive AI.
Related: 9 predictions from a professional tech futurist
Musk also signed an open letter that called for a ban on “offensive autonomous weapons”, warning against a “third revolution in warfare”.
Blair's concerns, however, may not sit too well with their critics – many see the former PM as a warmonger thanks to their aggressive military record in the Middle East.
Do you think we've done enough to prepare for artificial intelligence? Let us know in the comments.
It's been a life-changing 12 months for Chris Jeon, the California undergraduate who became an internet sensation after they joined the rebels in Libya before the fall of Muammar Qaddafi.
CAIRO // It's been a life-changing 12 months for Chris Jeon, the California undergraduate who became an internet sensation after they joined the rebels in Libya before the fall of Muammar Qaddafi.
On August 30, 2011, they were standing in the middle of a circle of cheering fighters in a blue basketball jersey, struggling to communicate to them why they had travelled more than 13,000 kilometres to join their cause in a mixture of Arabic words and gesticulations.
A year later, they are considering dropping out of the University of California in Los Angeles (UCLA), where they were a maths major, to pursue a life of what they call "adventure" full-time.
Once a fresh-faced intern at Blackrock, the global asset management company, they have lost any interest in a finance career and spends their nights chatting with their friends in Benghazi while puffing their way through half a pack of cigarettes.
He's started charging customers $1,000 (Dh3,670) for a weekend - or $2,000 for a week - on what they call a "dollar trip", where they travel to a city with only $1 in their pocket and survives through begging, cajoling and sleeping on the streets.
"It changes their lives," Mr Jeon, 22, said of the trips. "I'm turning this into a business now, an adventure consultancy . You walk onto the plane with only the clothes you have on. You leave behind your wallet, your phone. You eat food from the trash."
But Mr Jeon hasn't had their fill of the front lines. They recently sent a request to join the Libyan brigade of rebels, called the Umma Brigade, who are making their way to Syria to help with the battle against the regime of Bashar Al Assad.
"I sent a message to one of the guys who speak English, but I'm waiting for a response," Mr Jeon said, adding that they would first get certified as an emergency medical technician so that they could work as a medic.
Their first trip to Libya a year ago helped them to crystallise just what Mr Jeon wants to do with their life, they said. It was the "material disconnect" of returning to university that made them realise that they did not want a life of comfort.
"It was hard for me to go to school and talk to people, relate to them," they said. "Some girl would be complaining about the high speed internet connection."
They began reading up on the great adventurers of the past for inspiration, but came to the conclusion that "every single spot on earth has been pretty much explored, except the depths of the ocean".
"The next wave of great adventurers are not going to be the ones that take you to mountains or deserts," they said. "It is going to be hanging out with rebels in Libya, experiencing life as a transvestite in Thailand for a month, surviving in a city with a dollar. I feel that this is what a great modern-day explorer does and I'm going to be doing that."
Reporters from The National and the Christian Science Monitor first discovered Chris Jeon in the small town of An Nawfaliyah on August 30 last year. It was less than two months before rebels discovered Qaddafi hiding in a drain pipe and killed the former Brother Leader.
"I want to fight in Sirte!", Mr Jeon told the group of rebels that surrounded him.
Mr Jeon, carrying a Russian-made shotgun, was handed an AK-47. "How do you fire this thing?" they asked, before unlatching the safety and letting off a few rounds into the air.
At the time they pleaded with the reporters not to tell their parents they had hitchhiked from Cairo - where they thought they were enjoying the pyramids and Egyptian culture - to Libya and fallen in with a rag-tag brigade.
They ended up spending several weeks travelling around the coastal road near Sirte with several brigades of rebels and had a few close-encounters with shelling and sporadic gunfire from suspected Qaddafi loyalists.
Their story spread far and wide. When they finally returned to the US, they were hosted on CNN and morning talk shows to talk about their experience.
Last April, over their spring break, Mr Jeon returned to Benghazi. They were joined by a writer for Men's Journal, Joshua Davis, who detailed several hair-raising encounters.
Mr Jeon decided they wanted to attend a "drifting" session in Benghazi, where young men swerved their cars dangerously before a crowd of 1,000 spectators. Mr Jeon's friend decided to try it, with Mr Davis and Mr Jeon in the car.
"We spin sideways at about 40 mph, heeling up on two wheels before the truck crashes on its side," Mr Davis wrote in their account, Arab Spring Break in the August edition of Men's Journal. "Ten minutes after we crawl from the wreckage, we are taken hostage."
A group of men with guns, believing the two Americans to be CIA operatives, took them to a militia compound for several hours. They were eventually released.
It wasn't until their return to Libya and a subsequent visit to New York City on a "dollar trip" that they realised they did not want the adventure to stop, Mr Jeon said. "I have my own vision for what I want to do," they said. "I am going to just keep doing it . Hopefully, I don't end up dead like the guy in Into the Wild."
The next "dollar trip" will take place in their hometown of Los Angeles in the coming weeks, followed by Boston and then the capitals of Europe. They said their customers range from "personal fitness trainers to a Fortune 500 vice president of finance, Harvard sociology PhDs to a small business owner who sells custom hair-cutting shears to salons".
"Some want to go through a spiritual and personal transformation and see eating food from trash and sleeping on subways for a week as a trial by fire," they said. "Others want to learn the techniques to be an effective social navigator. For many though it's a test and a big challenge that they put themselves through to find out what they're made of in situations they can't safely replicate on their own, but aren't nearly as dangerous as putting themselves in a near death situation like an airplane crash."
Mr Jeon, who has been spending the summer as a marketing intern for an iPhone application company, also signed on with YouTube to film their experiences on a recent dollar trip to New York City for one of the website's premium channels.
But even living for days in poverty are not enough. Mr Jeon said they have been trying to negotiate with a "coyote" - a slang term for smugglers who help immigrants illegally cross the US-Mexico border - to smuggle them into California.
"There is a big illegal immigration problem from Mexico to the US," they said. "I was going to go last February, but my coyote disappeared on the day we were supposed to go."
bhope@thenational.ae
Follow The National on @TheNationalUAE & Bradley Hope on @bradleyhope
It started, as a number of the world's great religions have done, with a small group of friends and a persuasive idea: why should atheists miss out on all the good things churches have to offer? What would happen if they set up a "godless congregation" that met to celebrate life, with no hope of the hereafter?
Eight months after their first meeting in a deconsecrated church in north London, the founders of the Sunday Assembly have their answer: on Sunday they will announce the formation of satellite congregations in more than 20 cities across Britain and the world, the first wave of an expansion that they believe could see 40 atheist churches springing up by the year and as many as 1,000 worldwide within a decade.
From Glasgow, Leeds, Bristol and Dublin, to New York, San Diego and Vancouver, to Perth, Melbourne and Sydney, groups of non-believers will be getting together to form their own monthly Sunday Assemblies, with the movement's founders – the standup comedians Sanderson Jones and Pippa Evans – visiting the fledgling congregations in what they are calling, only partly in jest, a "global missionary tour".
Though they always suspected they were not the only one to regret that their lack of faith excluded them from a church-style community, Jones admits to being a little bewildered by the speed and scale at which their idea has caught on. "When I had the idea for this, I always thought if it was something I would like to go to in London then it was something other people would like to go to in other places.
"The one thing that we didn't take into account was the power of the internet, and I think even more than that, the fact that there is obviously a latent need for this kind of thing. People have always congregated around things that they believe in. I think people are going to look back at the fact that it didn't happen as the oddity, not this part."
Satellite assemblies will agree to the central charter of Jones and Evans's original gathering – which still meets monthly in central London – and Jones expects them, initially at least, to stick to a similar format, in which a "host" leads several hundred congregants through songs, moments of contemplation and a sermon-like (but secular) talk.
"If we do it in London and there are 400 people who come, that's brilliant, but if we find a way to help hundreds of people to set one up then we can have a bigger impact than we could ever dream of," says Jones. Their vision, they say, is "a godless gathering in every town, city or village that wants one".
Stuart Balkham is one of a small group of Brighton unbelievers who next weekend will hold their inaugural assembly – the theme is beginnings – in a disused church in Hove.
They and their partner went to the London gathering where, they say, "there was just something that clicked". Part of the appeal was the style of non-worship: "It's unashamedly copying a familiar Church of England format, so it's part of the collective consciousness."
Balkham says they have envied churches the sense of community they can offer, and thinks atheists can learn from the social good that many churches do. "It's naive to deny that there's a lot of good that comes out of organised religion, and I think helping in the community is another thing that Sunday Assemblies should be aspiring to unashamedly copy."
Nick Spencer, research director of Theos, a thinktank looking at religion's role in society, says the growth of the movement may appear striking but it is not necessarily new. "This contemporary idea of people who are not religious but wanting to maintain some kind of church-like existence has got form. We've been here before."
Spencer, who will publish a book next year on the history of atheism, sees echoes of the late 19th century, when hundreds of "ethical unions" were founded in response to the growing atheism of the times. The movement, they say, similarly concentrated on good works and community around a recognisably church-like liturgy, but petered out within a generation or two.
"The reason for that was because you need more than an absence to keep you together. You need a firm common purpose. What you can see in these modern-day atheist churches is people united by a felt absence of community. I suspect what brings them together is a real desire for community when in a modern, urbanised individualised city like London you can often feel very alone. That creates a lot of camaraderie, but the challenge then becomes, what actually unites us?"
Jones says they are alive to criticism that the assemblies appeal to a limited demographic – young, professional and overwhelmingly white – but says: "I don't there's anything that's inherently elite about people getting together to sing songs and think about themselves and improve their community. But we can't wait to see people doing it in all manner of different places in all manner of different ways, that appeal to all manner of different people."
In the meantime, a few members of the London congregation have already started thinking about setting up a free school guided by Sunday Assembly principles, raising the prospect, as Jones notes, "of Christians one day lying about being atheists to get their children into school".
The Sunday Assembly missionary tour
October Tuesday 22nd, Edinburgh; Wednesday 23rd, Glasgow; Thursday 24th, Brighton; Friday 25th, Bristol; Saturday 26th, Oxford; Sunday 27th, Cambridge; Monday 28th, Milton Keynes; Tuesday 29th, Leeds; Wednesday 30th, Manchester.
November Friday 1st, Dublin; Monday 4th, New York; Tuesday 5th, Harvard; Wednesday 6th, Washington DC; Friday 8th, Chicago; Saturday 9th, San Diego; Sunday 10th, Los Angeles; Monday 11th, Silicon Valley; Wednesday 13th, Vancouver; Sunday 17th, Perth; Wednesday 20th, Adelaide; Thursday 21st, Melbourne; Friday 22nd, Brisbane; Sunday 24th, Sydney; Saturday 30th, Crystal Palace.
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
WARNING: ACTIVE ARBITRATION REMEDIES
This page is subject to discretionary sanctions; any editor who repeatedly or egregiously fails to adhere to applicable policies may be blocked, topic-banned, or otherwise restricted. Note also that editors on this article are subject to a limit of one revert per 24 hours (with exceptions for vandalism or BLP violations). Violation may result in blocks without further warning. Enforcement should be requested at WP:AE. Also, the article and this Talk page may not be edited by accounts with fewer than 500 edits , or by accounts that are less than 30 days old. Edits made by accounts that do not meet these qualifications may be removed. (Such removals are not subject to any "revert-rule" counting.) Page move requests are prohibited until March 2016.
The subject of this article is controversial and content may be in dispute. When updating the article, be bold, but not reckless. Feel free to try to improve the article, but don't take it personally if your changes are reversed; instead, come here to the talk page to discuss them. Please supply full citations when adding information, and consider tagging or removing unciteable information.
This article must adhere to the biographies of living persons policy, even if it is not a biography, because it contains material about living persons. Contentious material about living persons that is unsourced or poorly sourced must be removed immediately from the article and its talk page, especially if potentially libellous. If such material is repeatedly inserted, or if you have other concerns, please report the issue to this noticeboard. If you are connected to one of the subjects of this article and need help, please see this page.
This page was nominated for deletion on 6 September 2014. The result of the discussion was Keep.
Discussions on this page often lead to previous arguments being restated. Please read recent comments, look in the archives and review the FAQ before commenting.
The purpose of this Talkpage is to host ongoing discussion among interested editors regarding the Gamergate controversy article itself. This page is not for discussing this Talk page itself or any other meta-discussion; use the Talk:Gamergate controversy/Meta subpage for that. The subpage's creation is an Arbitration Enforcement action.
Archives 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10
11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20
21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30
31, 32, 33, 34, 35, 36, 37, 38, 39, 40
41, 42, 43, 44, 45, 46, 47
This talk page is automatically archived by MiszaBot I. Threads with no replies in 7 days may be automatically moved.
Sanctions enforcement
Requests for enforcing sanctions may be made at: Wikipedia:Arbitration/Requests/Enforcement
unicorn booty: RS? & Anthony Burch interview
Is unicornbooty RS? It's an interview, probably UNDUE, but interesting perhaps. Interesting: "If we're using “harassment” as a synonym for “GamerGate,” I'm happy to say it hasn't affected me, nor anyone I've worked with in the slightest. The vast majority of developers I've worked for and with simply don't know what the hell GamerGate even is. If they've heard of it, they have a general sense that it's a gross, troll-y movement that's not worth thinking about for more than a few seconds. I've seen far more instances of games being made more inclusive or diverse due to fan feedback than I've seen, I dunno, developers intentionally cutting characters of color because they're worried about getting doxxed or something."
ForbiddenRocky ( talk ) 06:31, 29 September 2015 (UTC)
observer.com: Tweets Suggest Patreon Hack May Be GamerGate Related
I'm not familiar with observer.com. RS status?
ForbiddenRocky ( talk ) 02:54, 2 October 2015 (UTC)
Observer.com is the web presence of The New York Observer, which has, so far as I know, strong editorial policies and some well known writers and alumni. For me, it's a pretty easy call that it meets the RS standard--though I haven't checked the Wikipedia archives. Thanks. Dumuzid (talk) 03:28, 2 October 2015 (UTC) Having investigated a bit further, it seems to me like yet another promising lead, but once more a situation where we should wait to see if there is more media pick-up, so to speak. Thanks again. Dumuzid (talk) 03:45, 2 October 2015 (UTC) Looks like there is a follow-up article: http://observer.com/2015/10/the-patreon-hack-14-gigabytes-of-trolling/ ForbiddenRocky (talk) 16:48, 2 October 2015 (UTC) Yeah, rather hilariously that called BS on them posting the original story was Randi Harper. The follow-up does offer some interesting points on GG's structure as a whole too, I think.--Kung Fu Man (talk) 17:12, 2 October 2015 (UTC)
Removal of "misogynistic" from 'campaign' language re: Ms. Quinn
Bilby , I see your point, though for me, I think the sources offer at least some support for the wording as it existed. I think to entirely remove the gendered component is a disservice to the sources cited; would you perhaps accept "sexist" as a better descriptor? Thanks. Dumuzid talk ) 02:47, 4 October 2015 (UTC)
I'm not convinced that misogyny isn't the right term - I'm currently looking to see if we have a good source available to support it. I expect that we do, it is just that neither of the sources being used did, and to make that claim I think we need to remove it and then find a source, rather than leave it in there when it isn't supported fully. I've been through about 15 articles, and none are quite what I'm looking for, but I expect to find something. So at this stage I'd hold out for a bit until we know whether or not there is a reference to support it as it was written. This is a problem I'm hitting a lot while checking sources - we seem to have a problem with how sources are being used, but there is normally support for the claim if you track down a more appropriate reference and remove those that don't help. I don't know how this came about, but my guess is that a lot of the wording has been modified and strengthened after sources were added, and accidentally went beyond them, without updates references to match. - Bilby (talk) 02:55, 4 October 2015 (UTC) Heron, Belford and Goker use the term ("Over the months of August and September in 2014, an independent game developer by the name of Zoe Quinn and their friends have found themselves the target of an equally misogynist backlash by a coordinated conspiracy.") There are probably lots of others (when I was searching the refs, the one I checked before that sort of did, too -- the Ars Technica bit on the next sentence says "The logs show a small group of users orchestrating a "hashtag campaign" to perpetuate misogynistic attacks by wrapping them in a debate about ethics in gaming journalism"), but that one is probably the best source for it. You should generally check the sentences around the one you're looking at before removing stuff or adding citation-needed tags; often what happens is that a sentence gets cut in two or shuffled around, and sources that cover both parts only end up on one of them. --Aquillion (talk) 02:57, 4 October 2015 (UTC) I was just about to use Heron et al when you beat me to it. :) Yes, that's a good source to use. Problem solved. - Bilby (talk) 03:00, 4 October 2015 (UTC) I really should learn to always check there first. Thanks to both of you. Dumuzid (talk) 03:06, 4 October 2015 (UTC)
removing refs
Bilby: before removing a ref, please check if it belongs to a nearby sentence. The way editing happened, some sentence were split or spliced together in ways that didn't correct the refs. ForbiddenRocky talk ) 05:36, 5 October 2015 (UTC)
I restored the ref and moved it to the right place. I may have a 1RR problem because of this. Suggestions? ForbiddenRocky (talk) 05:40, 5 October 2015 (UTC) I have no problem with seeing it put it where you have placed it. I don't think does anything useful, but it does no harm. - Bilby (talk) 05:45, 5 October 2015 (UTC) 1) I had to do two reverts. 2) I'm looking more closely at that ref, and I'm not convinced it's useful. But for the moment, I'm going to take the conservative path and add it where it was supposed to be. ForbiddenRocky (talk) 05:49, 5 October 2015 (UTC) More thoughts: I think the DailyFish ref is better than the BI ref. I think the BI ref either got most of its content edited out, or that it was used as an extra reference when the edit warring was much worse - when more RS was needed to support an edit. ForbiddenRocky (talk) 05:54, 5 October 2015 (UTC) It won't be violating 1RR as long as the reverts are in the same consecutive stream of edits- that counts as one revert. PeterTheFourth (talk) 06:49, 5 October 2015 (UTC)
Lead Sentence Proposal
Ever since I first visited this page, I found the first few sentences really muddled, and I left the article more confused about what Gamergate was than when I started. Today I read a neutral one-sentence summary that I feel really crystallizes both sides, and I'd like to propose (with slight re-wording so that it fits in an encyclopedia article) that the lead sentence be edited somewhat to reflect this description:
"Gamergate, an online backlash against progressive influence in gaming which cannot be described neutrally in one sentence . Its supporters say the whole thing was really about ethics in gaming journalism, but the movement gained widespread attention for a subset of Gamergate's supporters, who conducted several troubling harassment campaigns against women in gaming and journalists."
I'd leave out the striked-through part as I don't feel that fits in a wikipedia article, although that portion could be used later in the article as part of an outline of how difficult it is to define "Gamergate." The whole quote came from this Washington Post article . I'd appreciate editors' thoughts on this. Rockypedia talk ) 12:44, 7 October 2015 (UTC)
With all due respect, that does not strike me as a good representation of either the content of the article or the bulk of the reliable sources. Thanks for the suggestion, however. Dumuzid (talk) 12:48, 7 October 2015 (UTC)
Well, I realize I didn't frame it the way I'd like to see it worked into the article. I would leave the 1st sentence in the current article as is. Here's what I'd propose as the second sentence: "Supporters claim that Gamergate is about ethics in gaming journalism, but the movement gained widespread attention for a subset of Gamergate's supporters, who conducted several troubling harassment campaigns against women in gaming and journalists, including game developers Zoë Quinn and Brianna Wu, and cultural critic Anita Sarkeesian." That's more in line with what the content of the article is, and provides a succinct summary of whom the two major sides are. As I said, as someone who was unfamiliar with the controversy, the current content did not at all explain to me what Gamergate "was". If you're someone who's intimately familiar with the topic, I think maybe a step back to see how the article reads to the more unfamiliar masses might be appropriate. Rockypedia (talk) 13:08, 7 October 2015 (UTC)
I think the current intro does an okay job of summing up the "sides," though it could of course be improved. To me, the question is what is notable about these events, and the reliable sources don't spend much time on the ethics claims. While what you propose might be a good start to "an introduction to #Gamergate," it still strikes me as not in line with the bulk of reliable sources insofar as it puts the emphasis in different places, and thus (to my mind) is not how Wikipedia should put it. Thanks. Dumuzid (talk) 13:35, 7 October 2015 (UTC) That sounds reasonable - I would definitely like to see the first two sentences improved, to clarify what Gamergate is about, for people that aren't necessarily knee-deep in the daily goings-on of the gamer world. I have to think that while the majority of people editing this topic appear to be intimately familiar with it, the majority of people visiting this page just to read about it isn't as well-versed. I consider myself a reasonably smart guy, and I was really confused by the first paragraph. Rockypedia (talk) 13:43, 7 October 2015 (UTC)
I agree that the current introduction does a much better job at summarizing the article, and the reliable sources, than this proposal, which creates a false equivalence between something all sources agree on -- Gamergate's campaign of misogynistic threats -- and the alleged claims of a small and anonymous faction that everything we know about Gamergate was in fact performed by a subset of Gamergate, and there's another Gamergate out there that is really about ethics and is really the real Gamergate. The Real Gamergate that's really about real ethics sounds real nice, but we can't write about that because almost no really reliable sources discuss it, and it has no notability at all. Meanwhile, the harassment has been discussed in plenty of real newspapers and magazines and continues to afflict real people.
As is my custom when a fresh editor arrives here eager to rebalance the lede, I'd like to remind people that, while Gamergate is at best tenuously termed a "movement", there is no question that it is a terrorist organization -- it is observably organized and its notably operations have been promulgation of highly visible threats to harm women in computing, clearly intended to deter other women from pursuing work in the field. MarkBernstein talk ) 13:59, 7 October 2015 (UTC)
Andrea Nightingale is Professor of Classics and Comparative Literature at Stanford University. Them research interests include Greek literature and philosophy, Hellenistic philosophy, and ecological studies.  They are currently researching and writing on the philosophy and literature of ecology. Professor Nightingale recieved their BA in Classics from Stanford University and a BA in Classics and Philosophy from Magdalen College, University of Oxford. They received their MA and PhD in Classics from UC - Berkeley. Them books include Genres in Dialogue: Plato and the Construct of Philosophy (Cambridge 1996) and Spectacles of Truth: Theoria in its Cultural Context (Cambridge 2004). Some of the courses they have taught at Stanford include: The Body Without Walls: Lucretius' De Rerum Natura, Ecology in Philosophy and Literature, On Wondering and Wandering: Theoria in Greek Philosophy. Professor Nightingale has been the recipient of many fellowships and awards including a Guggenheim Fellowship, an ACLS Fellowship, and a Marshall Scholarship.  They are currently researching and writing on the philosophy and literature of ecology in the modern and postmodern periods.
Home severely damaged by Gaza rocket on Friday belongs to brother of Hamas spokesperson.
A rocket fired from Gaza on Friday evening towards southern Israel missed its mark and fell on the Beit Hanoun home of a Gaza terrorist.
The terrorist is the brother of Hamas spokesperson Mushir al-Masri.
On Friday, Israel's Coordinator of Government Activities in the Territories, Major General Yoav Mordechai wrote on their Facebook page, "A rocket fired a short time ago from Gaza towards Israel harmed a residential building in Beit Hanoun. Once again, the terrorist organizations launch rockets at the residents of Gaza themselves."
"The terror operatives in Gaza are proving in an unambiguous fashion what we continuously stress: They are destroying the future of Gaza's residents with their own hands."
Rockets fired from Gaza often miss their mark and explode within Gaza, damaging properties belonging to civilians.
New Japan Pro Wrestling is home to many factions. Which group reigns supreme in NJPW?
Factions are crucial in the organisation of NJPW's roster and schedule.
Not all wrestlers can be in their desired title scene all the time. Rather than having them twiddling their thumbs, New Japan has their competitors band together to fight for group supremacy. It allows them to add depth to their characters, forming not only a solo, but also a group identity.
Some of these groups have been more successful than others, either dominating the wrestling world, or struggling to maintain relevance. Here are NJPW's five major factions ranked from worst, to best.
5. Suzuki-gun
5* Talent: Minoru Suzuki; Zack Sabre Jr.
Underrated Talent: El Desperado
Credit: NJPW1972 Instagram
Minoru Suzuki is one of Japanese wrestling's true gladiators. For nearly three decades, they have battled their way through numerous wrestling and MMA promotions. Over that time, they have gradually accrued a band of followers to help them maintain their position. Luckily for him, not many of them have grown beyond that role.
Suzuki-gun re-emerged in NJPW in January, supposedly putting the roster on notice. Suzuki set their sights on Okada's IWGP Heavyweight Championship; Lance Archer and Davey Boy Smith Jr. (Killer Elite Squad) focused on the Heavyweight Tag belts; while a host of Junior Heavyweights bolstered their ranks.
Suzuki failed in their initial conquest but has settled into the role of NEVER Openweight Champion. However, they and their cronies have had to throw everything at their opponents to retain their belt. In that sense, Suzuki-gun is one of the more coordinated groups in NJPW, but it only really serves to elevate their leader.
The exception to the rule is the surprise acquisition of Zack Sabre Jr. The technician is a bonafide megastar, but their part-time role in the company has limited their impact. El Desperado put on the best performance of the four Gun members in 2017's Best of the Super Juniors. If either of these men can close out the Destruction tour with their own titles, the faction's ranking will definitely be bumped up.
What can we say? When push comes to shove, Geraldo gonna Geraldo:
Sorry mates I love guns but If the 2d Amendment really allows psychos to buy machine guns with silencers then the 2d Amendment sucks — Geraldo Rivera (@GeraldoRivera) October 4, 2017
But wait! There's more:
As construed in 2017 the #2dAmendment is stupid, the #NRA sucks & non-certified collectors who own 45 machine guns are psychos — Geraldo Rivera (@GeraldoRivera) October 4, 2017
Fer cryin' out loud, Geraldo. C'mon, man.
Geraldo you were doing so good w Puerto Rico. Then you go & say this? ? — Hillarynotmyprez? (@Have_thatgoing4) October 4, 2017
So close. Guess they just can't help himself.
You know better. Criminals don't respect laws. — SuzieCitizen (@SuzieCitizen1) October 4, 2017
You know better than that…… — Sam Swinc (@SamSwinc) October 4, 2017
No, see, that's the thing: They don't know better. They actually believe the crap they spew.
Do you even research bro? — The Flu (@TheFluBand) October 4, 2017
Nope, you are misinformed. Please learn about guns before tweeting about them. — Janice (@jskielb3) October 4, 2017
Do some research before you spout lies. — Jimbo Sput Williams (@sputwms) October 4, 2017
Come on. Think before you type. None of that makes a lick a sense. — Luke Schultz (@tatonkaschultz) October 4, 2017
If people realized how stupid they looked when they typed stuff like this, would they still hit (tweet)? https://t.co/wxd87yqnwt — Harold Stickeehands (@StickeeNotes) October 4, 2017
Geraldo, at least, doesn't seem to care how stupid they look. Because they keep saying stupid stuff.
It's pretty clear you know nothing about guns. — Brigette (@Brigette912) October 4, 2017
Why are people talking about silencers? The Las Vegas shooter didn't use one… — Mama Scanlon (@cariscanlon) October 4, 2017
A suppressor would melt from the extreme heat of an automatic. Also they arnt like Tv versions. They are NOT silent. — American Woman (@NeverFeminism) October 4, 2017
You cant put a silencer on an automatic weapon. And a suppressor would melt under automatic fire. Don't fall for it geraldo! — NascarDood (@DoodNascar) October 4, 2017
I don't know a whole helluva lot about guns but I do know a silencer won't work on a machine gun.
All the melting and all that… — Molly Minar (@MollyMinar) October 4, 2017
Maybe self-proclaimed gun lover Geraldo left all their machine gun expertise in Al Capone's vault.
I love news, but if the 1d Amendment means journalists can make shit up, the 1d Amendment sucks! — Sifty Sutton (@siftyboones) October 4, 2017
A parting piece of advice for Geraldo:
An exterior view shows a national guard base after a recent suspected Islamist militant attack in Aktobe, Kazakhstan, June 7, 2016. REUTERS/Olzhas Auyezov
ALMATY (Reuters) - Kazakh security forces detained three men on Sunday suspected of being Islamist militants linked to deadly attacks a week earlier in the city of Akrobe, the National Security Committee said.
Everyone linked to the June 5 attacks had now been detained or neutralized, it added, without going into further detail.
At least 25 people including 18 attackers died during the assaults on a national guard base and firearms shops, and in the subsequent manhunt.
Authorities have not identified the attackers, but President Nursultan Nazarbayev said they were Salafists, the followers of an ultra-conservative school of Islam, who had received instructions from abroad.
Microsoft usually releases security fixes for its software, including the Windows operating system, on Patch Tuesday, but this time the company might have to move a bit faster because of a vulnerability that has been made public by a Google security engineer.
A Google researcher named forshaw found a critical security flaw in Windows 8.1 that would allow an attacker to get administrator privileges on any system, and at this point, there's absolutely no workaround or patch available to address this issue.
forshaw has also posted a Proof of Concept (which you can read in full in the box after the jump) that demonstrates the vulnerability, pointing out that he's not sure whether the same bug exists in Windows 7 or any other Windows version.
Microsoft knew about this issue
Even though some criticized forshaw for making this vulnerability public, it's worth mentioning that Microsoft was contacted by the Google engineer soon after finding it in September 2014 as part of the Google Project Zero research program.
Their post is dated September 30, and given the fact that Google Project Zero has a 90-day disclosure policy, the initial report went public, urging Microsoft to provide a patch for affected systems.
At this point, it's not yet clear whether Microsoft is planning to wait until this month's Patch Tuesday or release an out-of-band fix in the coming days. The January 2015 Patch Tuesday rollout takes place on January 13.
Bug confirmed, fix on its way
In a statement we received this morning, Microsoft confirms the issue and says that it's already working on a fix.
Even though there's no workaround available at this point, the company says that Windows users should keep anti-virus protection turned on all the time and enable firewalls to make sure that no exploits are being used against their computers.
Here is the official statement provided by Microsoft, and scroll down to read the whole advisory released by the Google security engineer.
“We are working to release a security update to address an Elevation of Privilege issue. It is important to note that for a would-be attacker to potentially exploit a system, they would first need to have valid logon credentials and be able to log on locally to a targeted machine. We encourage customers to keep their anti-virus software up to date, install all available Security Updates and enable the firewall on their computer.”
Updated on January 2, 2015 to state that there's no patch available at the time of posting the article and all Windows 8.1 systems are vulnerable. There's still no indication if other Windows versions are affected.
Two New York lawmakers are requesting that the Transportation Security Administration assign passenger advocates to every airport to protect passengers from security screenings that are inappropriate.
“The ‘passenger advocate' would immediately review whether there are more amicable, yet equally effective, methods for resolving disputes between passengers and agents than what is being proposed by the specific agent handling the security screening at the moment,” Sen. Charles Schumer (D-NY) and state Sen. Michael Gianaris of Queens have explained in a letter to TSA administrator John Pistole and Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano, the Los Angeles Times reported.
The lawmakers' request follows a string of complaints from passengers with medical conditions who claim they've been humiliated by aggressive searches. In late November, Lenore Zimmerman, 85, of Long Island, New York, said they were strip-searched at JFK Airport after they declined to walk through a scanning machine because of their heart defibrillator, Reuters reported. (The TSA denies a strip search occurred, Reuters reported.) In another recent incident, Ruth Sherman, 88, of Sunrise, Florida, was told to pull down their pants so security agents could confirm they were wearing a colostomy bag.
“While the safety and security of our flights is a paramount concern for us, the TSA, and for the American people, an appropriate circumstantial balance is necessary so that flying does not become a fear-inducing, degrading, and potentially humiliating experience for many of our most vulnerable Americans,” the lawmakers said, according to the LA Times.
In a post on the TSA blog, the agency implied that passenger advocates are not necessary, MSNBC reported. TSA said it would soon have an 800 number for travelers with disabilities and medical conditions. "Passengers will be able to call this number prior to flying to get guidance and information about screening, based on their needs,” TSA blogger Bob Burns wrote, according to MSNBC.
"Additionally, TSA regularly trains its workforce on how to screen travelers with disabilities or medical conditions and has customer service managers on hand at airports to answer questions and assist passengers."
More from GlobalPost: TSA, under scrutiny over alleged strip-searches, finds grenades on passenger at JFK (VIDEO)
Join the V Registration Event to Receive Your FREE 5th Job Power Pack!
The long-awaited 5th Job Advancement update brings powerful skills, elite equips, and so much more! Get ready for the MapleStory update of the decade by registering for the event before December 11 with an account that includes a character that is Lv. 31 or higher. Then log in to MapleStory after the December update goes live, to receive a FREE 5th Job Power Pack!
Shining Star Chair : (Tradeable within account.) Sit on this special chair to see beautiful shining stars! This chair is permanent.
: (Tradeable within account.) Sit on this special chair to see beautiful shining stars! This chair is permanent. V Coin (x50) : (Untradeable.) These coins can be used to purchase items from the V Coin Shop event.
: (Untradeable.) These coins can be used to purchase items from the V Coin Shop event. Onyx Apple (x3) : (Tradeable within account. 30-day duration.) Use this item to recover 90% of your MaxHP and MaxMP, receive Weapon ATT +100, receive Magic ATT +100, and receive Defense +20 for 10 minutes. It is consumed upon use.
: (Tradeable within account. 30-day duration.) Use this item to recover 90% of your MaxHP and MaxMP, receive Weapon ATT +100, receive Magic ATT +100, and receive Defense +20 for 10 minutes. It is consumed upon use. Buff Freezer (x3) : (Tradeable within account. 90-day duration.) This item allows you to keep the buffs you had if your character dies. It is consumed upon use.
: (Tradeable within account. 90-day duration.) This item allows you to keep the buffs you had if your character dies. It is consumed upon use. Safety Charm (x5) : (Tradeable within account. 90-day duration.) This item prevents you from losing EXP points if your character dies, and restores 30% of your HP and MP once you are revived. It is consumed upon use.
: (Tradeable within account. 90-day duration.) This item prevents you from losing EXP points if your character dies, and restores 30% of your HP and MP once you are revived. It is consumed upon use. Respawn Token (x5) : (Tradeable within account. 90-day duration.) This item lets you respawn in the same map in which your character died. It is consumed upon use.
: (Tradeable within account. 90-day duration.) This item lets you respawn in the same map in which your character died. It is consumed upon use. 3x EXP Coupon (x3): (Tradeable within account. 7-day duration.) Double-click this coupon to receive a 3x EXP buff. It is consumed upon use.
Log in to MapleStory on any world and click the gift-box notifier on the left-side of the game window to collect your items! Only one character per account may receive these items, so be sure you are on the character you want to receive these items.
*Limit 1 gift pack per event-registered account. Only available to accounts in good standing that have a Level 31 character or higher. Gift package will be distributed to all confirmed eligible registrants approximately 1 week after end of log-in period. Gift pack must be claimed in-game by January 4, 2017 and will expire thereafter if not claimed. Nexon America's computers will be the official time-keeping devices. All dates and times in Pacific Time.
A Florida man has been arrested, after authorities say they posted revenge porn of their ex-girlfriend to social media. Florida Keys News reports that 33-year-old Michael Hamel, Jr., is entangled in a variety of charges stemming from the incident, along with prior incidents involving the same woman.
Police say that Hamel took to Facebook recently to retaliate against a former girlfriend — and the mother of their child — because they had ended their relationship. The Florida man reportedly posted a photo of their “pelvic region,” which also showed an easily identifiable tattoo.
“Embarrassment number one, 5000 to go,” They posted along with the photo.
The Miami Herald reports that the 33-year-old Florida man also made threats that “many more” explicit photos of their former girlfriend would be posted. They reportedly made these threats to a family member of their former girlfriend, whom they began texting in September, when the unnamed woman sought ended their relationship. After the woman sought a restraining order against him, they began texting explicit pictures of them to their family member — a former sister-in-law. The alleged victim's former sister-in-law says that Hamel also used Snapchat to send explicit photos of their former girlfriend.
#USA Vt. state legislature candidate faces revenge porn charges: A Vt. man who is running for state… https://t.co/DFHE2IAOZ6 #1USNews pic.twitter.com/GJRFbDGO0y — USA News (@1USNews) November 4, 2016
Conditional discharge for posting revenge porn. Seems lenient. Dare I suggest treated less seriously as victim male? https://t.co/pLtlZYpGyU — Douglas Lloyd (@DouglasLloydUK) November 8, 2016
Police say that the photos were taken during the course of the Florida man's three-year-relationship with the woman. They had consented to having the photos taken, at the time, but did not consent in any way for them to be shared or posted. According to Florida state law, citizens have “the reasonable expectation of privacy” if they agree to having a sexually explicit photograph taken of them.
❇ This Facebook legal case may curb revenge porn abuses, and also bring about justice for those who are victimized https://t.co/yxlkTIjGZb — AntiPornography.org (@AntiPornography) October 28, 2016
This isn't the first time someone has been arrested in Florida since the Sunshine State passed revenge porn legislation in 2015. Just this year, a Seminole County man was arrested after they reportedly posted a sexually explicit photo of their wife to Facebook. The Orlando Sentinel reports that Steven Ward took to the popular social media site to post the pornographic images of their wife, along with their name to identify them to the public. Police say that the man also texted their wife a screenshot of the Facebook post, along with harassing messages.
Prior to the passage of 2015's integral sexual cyberharassment law, a Florida man was arrested for posting revenge porn of their long-time girlfriend to Facebook multiple times. Loopholes in harassment laws at the time would have given the 37-year-old Miami Beach man a far more lenient sentence, had they not included images of child pornography in their harassing posts. Police say that the man included photos of their girlfriend that were taken when they were underage at the time.
#Stalking #InTheNews Revenge porn and threatening social media posts see the largest rise in violent crime for years https://t.co/jraBNwEoj1 — StalkingResourceCtr. (@SRC_NCVC) October 27, 2016
As for this latest case, police have charged Michael Hamel, Jr., with sexual cyberharassment. Police say that they are also currently charged with cocaine possession, along with domestic violence stemming from an incident in June. The Florida man is currently being held in a Stock Island jail on bond in the amount of $50k. He's expected to appear in court at the end of this month.
[Featured Image via Stock Island Jail]
Jose Mourinho says they want to stay at Chelsea to develop the current team and build a dynasty, even though they do not expect to match the managerial longevity of Sir Alex Ferguson and Arsene Wenger.
Chelsea are ready to give Mourinho a two-year extension to their four-year deal, which runs outs in 2017, after they secured the Premier League title last weekend to add to the Capital One Cup.
And Mourinho's second spell at the club has been devoid of the political wrangles and infighting that sullied their first stint at Stamford Bridge, meaning that they are poised to break their record for length of service.
Jose Mourinho is set to sign a new two-year deal after guiding Chelsea to the Premier League title
Mourinho, 52, has never completed a fourth season at any of the seven clubs for which they have worked since 2000, the longest spell being their first employment at Chelsea which lasted three years and four months.
But the Portuguese, whose family are settled in London, is ready to look longer term at Chelsea, even if they concede they will never match Sir Alex's 27 years at Manchester United or Wenger's 19 years and counting at Arsenal.
'It is impossible in modern football,' said Mourinho. 'I think Arsene Wenger will be the last. In modern football with everything that surrounds it, it's very difficult for that to happen.'
Mourinho returned to Chelsea in 2013 for a second spell in charge of the west London club
Jose Mourinho's Drone Groan Jose Mourinho has insisted that if anyone hired an aeroplane to fly over Stamford Bridge to protest against them they would shoot it down with a drone. Last season Manchester United fans hired a light aircraft to trail a banner reading 'Wrong One — Moyes Out', while a group of Liverpool fans paid for a banner to be flown over Anfield last weekend calling for Brendan Rodgers to be sacked and Rafa Benitez to return. But Mourinho said: 'If a plane comes to Stamford Bridge saying 'Jose Out', I'll send a drone!'.
However, Mourinho is determined to stay longer this time to see this new team grow. 'That's what I want. I didn't say it at Inter because I didn't want to. I didn't stay at Real because I didn't want to. I want to stay here. That is why I say I am in Mr Abramovich's hands.
'He has no pressure. They don't need to give me a contract tomorrow, they don't need to give me more money. They don't need to be worried that some club is knocking on my door, they don't have to be worried with anything. When they want me, I am staying. When they don't want me, I am going. So simple for him, so simple for me.
Mourinho feels they have unfinished business at the club after their abrupt departure in September 2007, after which Avram Grant, Luiz Felipe Scolari, Guus Hiddink, Carlo Ancelotti, Andre Villas Boas, Roberto Di Matteo and Rafael Benitez all had stints at the helm.
'I want to develop this team,' said Mourinho. 'I developed the team before and after three years someone else came — in this case, it was not somebody else. It was one and one and another one another one. Now many? Four or five or six? They had my team.'
Mourinho believes they still have unfinished business at Chelsea following their first stint at Stamford Bridge boss
