Press releases iEx.ec Offers an Insight into Its Upcoming Blockchain Based Distributed Computing Platform
The internet as we know is in need of an upgrade and iEx.ec is the one that is going to make it happen.iEx.ec (stands for “I Execute”) is a blockchain based distributed cloud computing system that aims to provide scalable, secure and easily accessible computing resources for decentralized applications.
[Note: This is a press release.]
The solution offered by iEx.ec is a need of the hour as the demand for DApps is gradually increasing. The shift towards DApps is being fueled by the emergence of numerous blockchain platforms. iEx.ec has offered a glimpse of what's yet to come by releasing a whitepaper.
The first version of whitepaper gives an insight into the team's vision, the market, its future development roadmap and details of soon-to-be launched crowd sale. Based out of Lyon in France, iEx.ec has already made a mark in the blockchain ecosystem by presenting the platform at Ethereum Devcon2 conference held in Shanghai, China. It has also successfully demonstrated its distributed cloud computing platform at the Super Computing Exhibition 2016 held in Salt Lake City, USA.
Staying true to its word, iEx.ec uses a distributed ledger to organize a market network where everyone can share and monetize their servers, applications, and datasets. In addition, the Ethereum based smart contracts will help users to create virtual cloud infrastructure capable of offering on-demand High-Performance Computing services.
The platform borrows the Distributed and Parallel Computing technology developed by INRIA and CNRS research institutes to create XtremWeb-HEP based computing system. The use of such technology allows integration of much-needed features like fault tolerance, multi-applications, multi-users, hybrid public/private infrastructure, deployment of virtual images, data management, security and accountability and more.
Starting with its own Proof of Contribution consensus protocol, iEx.ec has already made significant progress in the technology and with the upcoming crowd sale, starting January 17, 2017, it intends to raise the required capital for large-scale development and implementation.
Soon, iEx.ec will make blockchain based distributed cloud computing easily accessible to everyone.
Images courtesy of iEx.ec
Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., says it is time to bring American troops home from Afghanistan.
Their comments came in an opinion piece published by The Hill.
"The Trump administration is increasing the number of troops in Afghanistan and, by doing so, keeping us involved even longer in a 16-year-old war that has long since gone past its time," they say.
"The mission in Afghanistan has lost its purpose, and I think it is a terrible idea to send any more troops into that war. It's time to come home now."
Paul notes had they been in Congress 16 years ago, they would have voted to authorize military action. They noted the Taliban, who then controlled Afghanistan, were harboring al-Qaida.
"But as is typical, there was significant mission creep in Afghanistan," they say. "We went from striking back against those who attacked us, to regime change, to nation-building, to policing their country for them.
"And we do it all now with an authorization that is flimsy at best, with the reason blurred, and the costs now known. We do it with an authorization that was debated and passed before some of our newest military personnel were out of diapers. This isn't fair to them, to the American people, or to a rational foreign policy."
They say they oppose President Trump's latest moves in the conflict.
"So, I strongly disagree with the administration's actions here," Paul says. "I've spoken to the president, and I know they want to end this war. We've all heard them say it. But talk won't get it done.
"Although I've been informed that the president rejected larger expansions of troops than the one announced this week, that's not good enough. They should have rejected this one and stuck to their principles. They know this war is over, and they — unlike the last two presidents — should have the guts to end it for real, on theirs watch."
And Paul insists they will be leading the charge in Congress against the war.
"If the president and my colleagues want to continue the war in Afghanistan, then at the very least Congress should vote on it," they say.
Tonight, the WWE is coming to New Orleans to stage a House Show. The event will be a little scrimmage before the sports entertainment titan makes their annual hajj to WrestleMania in NOLA come 2014. With tickets on sale November 16, wrestling legend Booker T a.k.a. King Booker was dispatched to the Crescent City to hype the spectacle. NoDef dispatched local comedian, podcaster, and NOLA's number one WWE fan to talk about the 'rastlin' with the SuperStar.
Booker T, enthused as always, had lots to say about NOLA, WrestleMania, and the path to the pros.
On WrestleMania compared to other events...
Next year, I'll be here in the Bayou City, the Big Easy because so many people from around the world want to be a part of this event.
WrestleMania is the biggest deal of them all [major sporting events.] I mean its the spectacle of a lifetime. If you ever have the chance to be a part of it. I mean you guys got to experience the SuperBowl and now you're going to be able to experience WrestleMania. It's going to be awesome. Compared [to the SuperBowl] as far as what's the biggest. Let me tell you WrestleMania is the biggest spectacle that I've ever seen and been a part of.
On the difference between front row and top row...
Top row and front row that's two different things right there. I think back from Atlanta to Miami to NYC, how big it got over the last three years. This year's not going to be any different. Last year, that set, was like five million dollars. We had a life size statue of liberty. So, I can only imaine what it's going to be like. Every seat in the house is going to be a good seat. But, the front, to be up close and personal with those superstars coming out of that tunnel is just an awesome feeling. Just to be a part of that is like the Miz says, “Awesome.”
On NOLA as WrestleMania venue
You know just to be in the SuperDome, that right there is nostalgia. That right there is history as well... To be here in New Orleans, the city has got a lot of history itself. And to put aside the food? (laughter) A lot of those guys, they got to watch their appetite because they come down here to perform, and-- (laughter)
These guys are hyped and they're excited... To be here in this city is going to be a great time.
The thing is the Superstars, guys like Randy Orton, guys like Daniel Massey, those guys are working all year to get to that one big stage. So, it's really hard to focus on that big stage until you get there. You really got to put yourself in position: to put yourself on the card, to put yourself in a good position on the card, to put yourself in a high paying position on the card. So, those guys are really, really focusing on making it through the year to make it to WrestleMania. To me the icing on the cake is where it's going to be [NOLA]. Of course, there's going to be a lot of parties going on. There are going to be a lot of beautiful women out there and that part I'm experiencing and that is just icing on the cake as well. And, those guys are just excited as I am to be here in New Orleans. It's our first time on the Big Stage in New Orleans, and you guys are going to have people from all over the world. It's going to be a party. It's going to be great.
On being most decorated wrestler in WWE history...
The accolades are great. Putting the work in is great. But, I still feel like there is so much more work to do. You know, it's not about me anymore, it's about the young guys of WWE and the new SuperStars... the list goes on and on. WrestleMania is safe for the next 10,20 years with the guys that we have coming up in the business right now.
On WWE's new performance center in Orlando...
I haven't had a chance to get there as often as I need to. I have my own facility in Houston. I'm trying to filter the wrestling business. You know, more and more students are trying to get it from all different perspectives. But I'll tell you the training center is something that we've needed for quite some time just so the avid fan always wonders 'How do I get into this business?' And for us to promote it! Now, we have our own form of something that you can come down and be a part of, try to get into this business. You know there are a lot of kids out there that I feel like we might be losing. We need to advertise a little more and show these guys that you can have a great career in professional wrestling, and the longevity is great as well.
On predictions for WrestleMania...
Everybody's wondering if the Ultimate Warrior is going to go in [the Hall of Fame,] that's one thing... Ultimate Warrior is probably the one guy that people have been wondering for many, many years, just like Bruno San Martino. It would be great to take their place in immortality. They deserve it. Hew was great for what they did for the time in wrestling... Back in the day, those guys really were trailblazers, they were one of the reasons that I wanted to be one of those guys.
Prediction of headliners in WrestleMania 40...
Dean Ambrose versus Dolph Ziggler
On their favorite part of WrestleMania...
The biggest event of WM for me is always going to be the main event. You know, 'Who's going to headline the main event?' 'Who's going to headline WrestleMania?!' For myself, I always that dream, that want, that need to headline WrestleMania...I got a chance to do that with Triple H, and it was an awesome, awesome feeling. To just know that one guy, a fresh, young guy hopefully, will get a chance to do that, to wonder what's in their feeling, what they're going through, because I know, I've been there, to be a HEADLINER at WrestleMania.
On how becomes a peripheral character (Diva, Manager, Ring Announcer) in the WWE World...
First and foremost, you got to go to the proper school. The proper training is first and foremost. There are a lot of rinky dink operations out there. There are a lot of so-called promoters out there. They're trying to get money and not teach anything. And, the thing is they can't teach anything. They can't go out and work a match, and see when you walk back through that curtain and say, 'Hey good job out there, but you might want to try this.' They can't tell them that because they've never done it before. So, make sure you get trained by someone who is reputable, someone who has been in this business. A lot of great coaches, they might not have played in the game, but they were on the team, and knew what it took to get to that point...
On Houston Sports?
Huge fan.
But the SuperStars have to focus and work all the time... For 17 years I didn't watch a football game unless I was watching in that arena while lacing my boots up and getting ready to perform for my fans. WWE SuperStars, they're like doctors. They got that stethoscope on 24/7. They got the beeper like back in the day; it could go off at any time and you got to be ready. That's the life of the WWE SuperStar. These guys are the hardest workers in the world today.
Full audio of the interview can be heard here. Chris Trew is the host of "Trew 2 the Game," a weekly podcast focusing on NOLA sports. New episodes every Tuesday.
-Correction: Dolph Ziggler's named was misspelled in the original article, and it was updated at 3:55p.m. on September 29.
The Military Police Complaints Commission says there was no wrongdoing by Canadian military police in the long-running controversy over the torture of detainees in Afghanistan.
The mandate of the commission's inquiry was tightly restricted to the question of whether a small group of eight military police officers had a duty to investigate the risk that detainees handed over to Afghan authorities might be tortured. It's illegal under Canadian law to knowingly transfer prisoners of war into a situation where they'll be tortured.
The MPCC report was also harshly critical of the government, devoting a chapter of the report to taking the government to task for stonewalling the commission.
The report by commission chair Glenn Stannard and commission member Roy Berlinquette says they and former chair Peter Tinsley ran into repeated problems getting access to documents, evidence and witnesses.
The inquiry cleared the officers, but did not examine the larger question of whether Canadian Forces should have transferred prisoners at all. That issue consumed the previous minority Parliament and provoked lengthy battles over access to government documents.
Somalia inquiry's legacy raised
Just as the spectre of a murdered Somali teenager had loomed over the hearings by the Military Police Complaints Commission into the transfer of Afghan detainees, the commission's chair raised the legacy of the 1990s Somalia inquiry in their final report.
Many of the military witnesses described not wanting a repeat of the mission in the African country, in which a handful of soldiers beat to death a Somali teen.
The Liberal government ended the inquiry into the mission before the commission felt it had completed its work. The commission complained of forged documents, evasive witnesses and outright lies by those testifying.
The MPCC report into the transfer of Afghan detainees says that much of what was written in the Somalia inquiry report could also describe their own hearings.
"It seemed that some of the key lessons from the Somalia experience had not been learned," the report said.
"Both inquiries found it necessary to start their hearings without having obtained complete production of documents. Both subsequently had to call witnesses to explain the delays in document production and related issues."
At one point, the commission wasn't able to get any documents produced for 21 months.
NDP MP Paul Dewar noted the commission was set up in the wake of the Somalia inquiry, which was announced in 1994 and presented its final report in 1997, to ensure some of the same mistakes weren't made.
Dewar says the Conservatives undermined the process from the beginning.
"There's nothing to see here if there's nothing provided," they said.
'Very narrow' report took 5 years
In the report issued Wednesday, the commission concluded that there was reliable evidence that torture did occur in Afghan prisons, notably those run by the Afghan security service, the National Directorate of Security, to whom Canadian troops transferred suspected Taliban prisoners. However, the report says that Canada's military police were entitled to rely on official assurances that the prisons were being monitored to prevent abuses. That, it said, relieved them of a duty to investigate for themselves.
Chris Alexander, the parliamentary secretary to the minister of national defence and a former ambassador to Afghanistan, says they know as well as anyone that the Afghan system has shortcomings, but the Canadian Forces handed over detainees in accordance with "very good safeguards."
"The substantive conclusion … that matters for Canadians is that their soldiers handed over detainees in a manner that met the highest standards we expected of them," Alexander told Evan Solomon, host of CBC News Network's Power & Politics.
The report comes after more than five years of arguments between the federal government and the two groups that brought the complaint, Amnesty International and the B.C. Civil Liberties Association.
"To be blunt, there is no justice here for the many prisoners who were transferred from Canadian custody into the hands of torturers," said Paul Champ, the lawyer for Amnesty and the BCCLA.
"The commission emphasized that it was only looking at the conduct of eight military police officers who were kept out of the loop and marginalized, and therefore no serious review was conducted about the appropriateness or legality of the transfer decisions. The commission did make it clear that there was significant evidence about the risk of torture to the detainees."
The two groups first complained to the commission in 2007 about the treatment of Afghan detainees as part of the Canadian Forces' mission in Afghanistan. They also filed a challenge in Federal Court.
Following Canada's withdrawal from combat operations in Afghanistan last year, all NATO forces in the country ceased handing prisoners over to Afghan custody because of the risk that such transfers would make NATO complicit in torture.
'Serious information deficits'
The report says the military police weren't good about knowledge transfer, with new rotations of officers coming in knowing nothing about continuing cases.
"To borrow an analogy, it would be unacceptable for the police officers of a local detachment or city police force to change entirely every six months without taking serious measures to transfer the existing knowledge base to the newcomers," the report says.
"And yet, the commission saw repeated examples of MPs [military police officers] coming into theatre with serious information deficits on matters relevant to their policing duties arising during the previous rotation."
The report also pointed out serious communication and reporting problems, including different opinions in the chain of command about what role the military police should play in monitoring detainee conditions in Afghan prisons.
A response in the report from Chief of Defence Staff Gen. Walt Natynczyk says the Canadian Forces have already taken steps to correct those problems.
The commission decided in September 2008 to hold hearings into the issue, but ran into a slow-moving government bureaucracy that made it difficult to get the documents former commission chair Peter Tinsley and current commission chair Glenn Stannard said they needed to run the inquiry.
The commission heard evidence from top military brass, diplomats, military police and the Canadian torture monitor who interviewed prisoners at an infamous National Directorate of Security prison.
Final arguments were made Feb. 3, 2011. The final report was submitted to Defence Minister Peter MacKay and Natynczyk last December for their response.
Jerusalem Councilman Arieh King exposed surprising tidings on Monday night, revealing that the capital's Municipality last Monday passed out 100 Christmas trees for free at the Old City's Yafo Gate, in a move supporting Christianity in the 3,000-year-old Jewish capital.
The official announcement from the Municipality's website which King attached in a Facebook post read that the trees were to be handed out to Christian residents of the Old City who presented an ID card.
"Do you remember when the Municipality passed out hanukkiyot (holiday candelabra for Hanukkah) for the Jewish residents of the city?" asked King. "Do you remember when the Municipality handed out the four species (used for Sukkot) to residents of the city?"
King continued "it's not clear how my colleagues on the Municipal Council from the hareidi parties gave a hand in passing out avoda zara (foreign non-Jewish worship) by Municipal workers."
"Remember all the rabbis who supported Mayor (Nir) Barkat in the mayoral elections? I wish the rabbis who supported Barkat a merry Christmas," concluded King sarcastically.
King has previously criticized Barkat for advancing massive Arab construction projects, which they argued together with a freeze of Jewish construction in eastern Jerusalem by Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu is poised to lead to a de facto division of the city.
As part of that process, they noted that Netanyahu has not been sending police to accompany building inspectors to enforce building laws on Arab construction - there are 40,000 illegal Arab housing units in the city. Likewise, they revealed there are eight neighborhoods in Jerusalem that are "judenrein," or "clean from Jews," with entry for Jews forbidden by Netanyahu's government since they came to power in 2009.
50 States of McMansion Hell: Top 10 Wake County, North Carolina McMansions
Hello Friends! Today is one of my special posts, from a very special state - the state I'm from! Originally, I was going to do one house, like I usually do, but as I scrolled through pages of incredible architectural mishaps, I realized I wouldn't be doing my the capital county of my special state justice. Fortunately, for you, you get ten special eyesores - North Cackalacky Style!
10
The best part of this house is that the side-house would be cute and normal, should one decide to trim the roof down to size.
9
Fun Fact: the French word “chateau” means “large French country house, or castle, usually with a winery attached.” It does not mean “Large American Suburban house with a basement wine cellar complete with signs that say ‘Wine Time' just in case you didn't get the memo.”
8
Sometimes I forget that pinestraw is used as a landscaping material because there are no pine trees in Baltimore able to grace their immediate area with their prickly brown bounty. Also, I wonder why so many houses in NC had the copper-topped bay window, especially 2000-2006? If I did, there'd be a paper on it.
7
Full Level Pringles Can: The Movie: (doom anime sound/visual effects, but it's just this house sitting there, but anime)
(scoffing voice) I bet they changed the look to Tudor right after Kate Middleton got engaged.
6
Me, yelling at contractor: I DON'T CARE HOW YOU DO IT BUT I NEED MY STAIRCASE TURRET
Also the best part is all the turret rooflines have varying degrees of smushedness.
5
AHHHHHHHHH
AHHHHHHHHH
AHHHHHHHHH
AHHHHHHHHH
4
Photo by Jim Bowen (CC BY 2.0)
3
Okay, but at least I've never been this late:
2
FULL SPEED AHEAD CAPTAI- BLEURRRGHHHREHRHE
Finally, the NUMBER ONE HOUSE IN WAKE COUNTY, NORTH CAROLINA:
My only dream is that this house was self-built by a pack of wolves, and they, in fact, are having a nice time living there, thank you very much.
Well folks, that does it for North Carolina! Join us this weekend for American Foursquares, and next Tuesday for our Certified Dank™ North Dakota McMansion.
Have a great week!
If you like this post, and want to see more like it, consider supporting me on Patreon! Also JUST A HEADS-UP - I've started posting a GOOD HOUSE built since 1980 from the area where I picked this week's McMansion as bonus content on Patreon!
Not into small donations and sick bonus content? Check out the McMansion Hell Store ! 100% of the proceeds from the McMansion Hell store will go to help victims of the recent hurricanes.
Copyright Disclaimer: All photographs are used in this post under fair use for the purposes of education, satire, and parody, consistent with 17 USC §107. Manipulated photos are considered derivative work and are Copyright © 2017 McMansion Hell. Please email kate@mcmansionhell.com before using these images on another site. (am v chill about this)
Cedar Fair has cornered the market on fun, which our ticker symbol reflects (NYSE: FUN). In fact, our primary mission is to make people happy. We are a world leader in operating regional amusement parks and water parks, complemented with resort, hotel and recreational properties dispersed throughout the lower 48 states and near Ontario, Canada.
Annually our parks welcome approximately 26 million guests and our company generates revenues of more than $1.3 billion.
Headquartered in Sandusky, Ohio , Cedar Fair is organized as a publicly traded partnership (PTP), which allows the partnership to pay out the majority of its earnings to its owners, or unitholders, without first paying significant federal or state income taxes at the entity level, thus avoiding double taxation of our earnings.
Cedar Fair has paid to its unitholders cash distributions for over 30 consecutive years totaling more than $2.6 billion.
We take FUN seriously. The strong attendance and demand at all of our parks demonstrates that our offering resonates with our guests. Our mission – TO MAKE PEOPLE HAPPY by providing fun, immersive and memorable experiences – has led us to:
Build a portfolio with best-in-class assets and properties
Provide world class entertainment at a quality and scale unmatched by other regional operators
Establish widely known regional brands with opportunities to further penetrate targeted markets
Constantly enhance the appeal of our parks and guest experience
Kings Island has been the sole recipient of “Amusement Today's” Golden Ticket Award for BEST KIDS' AREA in the world.
What does FUN mean for investors? Ownership in a company with a lengthy track record of successfully creating significant value for investors
Substantial free cash flow generation enabling payment of stable and growing distributions in a tax-efficient manner
A successful operating model that is resilient, non-cyclical and largely unaffected by economic gyrations and geopolitical issues
A long-term track record of investing for long-term growth and profitability
Guests enjoy our parks and entertainment, while our investors enjoy superior returns
The missing millions: Political donations likened to money laundering
Updated
Australia's political donation system has been likened to the operation of criminal money laundering with one key difference — the political donation system is entirely legal.
The Australian Electoral Commission (AEC) has published its annual figures on political donations, but we still don't know much about the families, the companies and the money at the heart of Australian politics.
Australia's political donation laws are among the most lax in the world, according to Monash University's Dr Charles Livingstone.
"It allows all sorts of dodgy practices to proliferate," they said.
"Large organisations can influence political policy without any of us knowing anything about it. It is a really easily corruptible system."
Here's why.
$77m is dark money
We don't know the source of 49 per cent of the money received by our major parties last financial year. That means in the year leading up to a federal election, politicians and their parties derived $77 million from undisclosed sources. And it's entirely legal.
It's legal because only donations of $13,001 and above have to be declared. A donation of $13,000 can be kept private and escape all public scrutiny.
But there's a way to spend much more than that and still fly under the radar.
In the criminal world of money laundering, "structuring" involves splitting transactions into smaller amounts to avoid detection and it's illegal. In the world of political donations — it's completely legal.
A donation can be split into amounts of $13,000 or less and distributed to the individual state and territory branches of a party.
Labor has 10 branches, which means you can donate $130,000 to the party without anyone knowing. The Liberal party has eight branches, opening the door to a $104,000 anonymous donation and the Greens have nine, meaning you can give $117,000 and keep it private.
We have to note here that Labor and the Greens say they voluntarily declare all donations over $1,000.
Beware the Smurfs
Smurfs aren't cute little blue cartoon characters. They're the third parties used as intermediaries to disguise the source of money in criminal money laundering operations.
In political donations, the smurfs are called associated entities, and they're entirely legal.
Associated entities are groups with links to a political party, such as unions, think tanks or dedicated fundraising groups.
They accept donations and then pass that money on to the relevant party.
Last financial year $218 million was received by associated entities, which is more than was received by all the political parties added together.
They're another way for donors to give large amounts of money while staying under the $13,000 disclosure threshold.
And they're another way to avoid scrutiny, because although their donations are published, they're published in a way that makes it difficult to track the flow of money.
What's in that gift?
Political donations are a little like pass the parcel — they can be wrapped in a way that disguises the gift inside.
Parties can classify the money they receive as a "donation," an "other receipt" or a "subscription," and the difference often isn't clear.
Even companies as large as Crown, which have close links to political parties, have difficulty determining the difference.
Last financial year, the Victorian branch of the Liberal Party declared receiving $46,025 in an "other receipt" from Crown.
Crown thought it was a donation and declared it as one on its official return.
Election funding from the AEC is also classified as an "other receipt," but there's clearly a difference between receiving money from the public purse and a casino. It's just hard to tell the difference under the current system.
What about tickets to expensive party fundraisers, are they a donation? The AEC says it's a donation if you don't receive anything in return.
But if the commercial benefit of attending is worth at least the amount paid, then it's not a donation. Think of it as a duty, not a donation and it can be kept quiet.
One of the most opaque industries is banking. Parties earn interest on their investment accounts and they receive donations from banks, but it's rarely clear which is which.
The lack of transparency is particularly remarkable when it comes to an industry known to splash cash in return for favourable policy.
Taking your receipts to a friend's birthday bash would be inappropriate, but for Australia's political parties, other receipts are often the best type of gift going around.
Beware the lag
Think back to July 1, 2015. Do you remember what made the news that day? What political decisions were made? What promises were kept or broken? Probably not, it was a long time ago.
But the political donations that flowed behind the scenes that day are only just being released today, 19 months on.
You possibly remember July 2, 2016 a little better — the day of the federal election. Donations spike during campaigns; backers pick their party, invest heavily, then reap the rewards during the next four years in office.
Under our current system, we're only finding out about most of these transactions now, seven months on.
This includes donations from mining giants, Chinese-linked business figures and entertainment companies, all of whom stood to benefit from the policy agenda of the incoming government.
But that's not where it ends. We're still no wiser about whether our Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull donated to their own campaign.
That's because donations made in the dying days of the election campaign fell in a new financial calendar and won't be disclosed until next year — 19 months after the federal election.
In parts of the United States, real-time disclosure systems are already being used and the public can scrutinise donations within 48 hours.
There's little support for a similar system in Australia.
Anyone can donate
If you've got money, Australian political parties are ready and willing to take it. They can and do accept money from companies, individuals, unions and foreign nationals.
This isn't the case in Canada and parts of the US where unions and corporations aren't allowed to make donations and there are strict limits on personal contributions to political coffers in a bid to prevent corruption.
Last year, the ABC investigated Chinese business donations and found they'd poured more than $5.5 million into Liberal and Labor party coffers.
In the lead-up to the election, Chinese donors again opened their wallets. There's concern foreign countries are using donations as a way to gain influence in Australia.
Labor has pledged to clamp down on foreign donations, but the Government is yet to take a position.
A faulty federation
There's one law that applies to federal donations, then others that apply in each state. In practice this makes for a system full of loopholes that's easy to exploit.
New South Wales has banned donations from property developers after a series of scandals involving political favours. Instead, developers funnel money to NSW politicians through federal bodies.
In one case, the Liberal Party channelled $700,000 of banned donations through the Free Enterprise Foundation straight into the hands of the campaigning NSW branch of the party.
A faulty memory
Memories fade and fail and if they do, there's no legal penalty. Donors and parties can "amend" their original declaration years after the fact and often do when they're reminded by a journalist or a court.
Former NSW premier Barry O'Farrell's "massive memory fail" about receiving a $3,000 bottle of Penfolds Grange wine was jogged by a postcard produced in the Independent Commission Against Corruption.
In the federal jurisdiction no-one's been taken to court for making a false or incomplete declaration; the real punishment is normally in the court of public opinion.
Additional reporting by Tim Leslie
Topics: government-and-politics, corruption, law-crime-and-justice, elections, political-parties, australia
First posted
For other people named Steven Blum, see Steven Blum (disambiguation)
Steven Jay Blum is an American voice actor of anime, animation and video games known for their distinctive deep voice. They provide the voice of TOM, the host of Cartoon Network and Adult Swim's Toonami programming block. Some of their major roles in anime include Spike Spiegel in Cowboy Bebop, Mugen in Samurai Champloo, Eikichi Onizuka in Great Teacher Onizuka, Guilmon and Mitsuo Yamaki in Digimon Tamers, Shishio Makoto in Rurouni Kenshin and Orochimaru and Zabuza Momochi in Naruto. In animation, they have voiced Vilgax, Heatblast and Ghostfreak in Ben 10, Starscream in Transformers: Prime, Wolverine in Wolverine and the X-Men, Zeb Orrelios in Star Wars Rebels and Amon in The Legend of Korra. They were also awarded the Guinness World Record for being the most prolific video game voice actor in 2012, with roles in franchises such as Call of Duty, God of War, Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon, Naruto, Transformers and X-Men. In 2014, they voiced Shoe and Sparky in the animated film The Boxtrolls. In 2015, they appeared in The Incredible True Story, a rap album by Logic.[4]
Career [ edit ]
Their credits include the voice of Spike Spiegel in the anime show Cowboy Bebop; Zeb Orrelios in Star Wars Rebels; Mugen in Samurai Champloo; Roger Smith from The Big O; Orochimaru, Zabuza, Ōnoki and Ao in the Naruto anime and Wolverine in numerous games and in the animated series Wolverine and the X-Men, the animated movie Hulk Vs, The Super Hero Squad Show and Marvel Anime: X-Men. They also provided the voice of Jack Cayman, the main character of the video game MadWorld; Captain Foley, the venerable company commander, and Tank Dempsey, the comic relief in the Call of Duty series; Professor Galvez in Metal Gear Solid: Peace Walker; Grayson Hunt, the main protagonist of Bulletstorm; and Gorim, Oghren, and First Enchanter Irving in the 2009 video game Dragon Age: Origins. They also provide the voice of Vincent Valentine in the Final Fantasy VII compilation. They also voice Cliff Hudson in Dead Rising.[citation needed]
In September 2000, Blum voiced TOM, the robotic host of Cartoon Network's Toonami programming block. Blum replaced Sonny Strait in the character's second through fourth incarnations, until the cancellation of Toonami on September 20, 2008. When Toonami was revived on May 26, 2012, Blum returned as the voice of TOM.  They are also the announcer for 7-Eleven's "Oh Thank Heaven" television and radio advertisements, and partnered with Vic Mignogna in the series Real Fans of Genius (a parody of Anheuser-Busch's Real Men of Genius radio ad campaign).
 They are also well known in American Union animation as the voices of Heatblast, Ghostfreak, and Vilgax in the Ben 10 franchise; Jamie in Megas XLR; Yakky Doodle and Clamhead in Harvey Birdman, Attorney at Law; Smytus in My Life as a Teenage Robot.  They are also known for their voice portrayals of Starscream in Transformers: Prime; Count Vertigo in DC Showcase: Green Arrow and Young Justice; Red Skull, Beta Ray Bill and Wolverine in The Avengers: Earth's Mightiest Heroes; Melbourne O'Riley in What's New, Scooby-Doo?; Amon in The Legend of Korra; and Zoltun Kulle in Diablo III.
On June 5, 2012, they were awarded a Guinness World Record for being the most prolific video game voice actor, having 261 credited appearances on May 10.[5][6]
Filmography [ edit ]
Anime [ edit ]
Animation [ edit ]
Film [ edit ]
Video games [ edit ]
Other [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
^ [110] Skylanders roles are reprising for later releases.
References [ edit ]
Books cited [ edit ]
Preceded by
Sam Riegel Voice of Starscream
2010–present Succeeded by
Charlie Adler
Preceded by
Brendan O'Brien English voice of Crash Bandicoot
2003 Succeeded by
Jess Harnell
The next step towards a voting system fit for the 21st century will arrive today as Electoral Registration Officers ( EROs ) prepare to contact voters across the UK about the changes to the electoral register.
Individual Electoral Registration ( IER ) will give people more control and ownership over the process and increase the accuracy of the register – with the new system able to verify that everyone on the register is who they say they are. This will ensure that there is greater trust in the legitimacy and fairness of our elections.
This change gets rid of the outdated ‘head of household' registration system and places electoral registration in the hands of individuals. From today members of the public will be contacted by their local ERO to inform them of what, if anything, they need to do next.
Today also marks the launch of a TV, online and billboard public awareness campaign by the Electoral Commission to raise awareness of the changes.
The process is supported by a new online system launched last month which makes registering easier than ever. People can now register by simply providing their name, address, date of birth and National Insurance number in what is a secure, convenient, and modern way of registering to vote.
Minister of State at the Cabinet Office Greg Clark said:
It is only right that in a country which has such a long and proud history of democratic participation, we ensure that we have an electoral registration system fit for the 21st century. These changes ensure that individuals register securely and enable them to register in the simplest possible way.
Under the new system, around 80% of those already on the electoral register will be automatically added after their name and address is matched against existing government records. Those people who are not successfully matched may need to provide additional information to be registered, but thanks to the new online electoral registration system, this is now a quick and easy process that takes as little as 3 minutes.
Notes to editors
Does Trump Want a 19th-Century World Order?
It marked the end of an era when British Prime Minister Harold Wilson announced in 1968 that British forces east of Suez would withdraw in 1971. The United Kingdom was no longer willing and able to sustain its overseas role. While it is still too early to draw such a conclusion, President Donald Trump's rejection of the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) on Jan. 23rd, their first full day in office, seemed to have a whiff of Wilson's announcement to it. Not by design, as in Britain's case, but by default.
U.S. Defense Secretary James Mattis's reassurances about U.S. security commitments to Japan and South Korea during their visit to Asia last week were an important step toward assuaging alarm and skepticism about the trajectory of U.S. regional policy. But these assurances are rivaled by another set of ideas held by members of the White House inner circle. For the moment, there are two Trump foreign policies, with little clarity about which one will prevail.
Trump's initial moves were emblematic of an anti-globalist worldview. The Obama administration portrayed the TPP as a foundation of a U.S. “rebalance” to Asia. The deal was to be the underpinning of a deepened U.S. economic role in the Asia-Pacific region and a renewed U.S. commitment there. Complemented by an enhanced U.S. military presence and more active partnerships and alliances, it sent a strong message that the U.S. role was durable and substantive. Ash Carter, who was defense secretary at the time, said, “TPP is as important to me as another aircraft carrier.”
Yet Trump's scrapping of TPP (with no hint of a comparable alternative) — not to mention dissing Australia, a key and loyal U.S. ally — with one signature raised anew Asian doubts about U.S. credibility. Australia's ambassador to the United States, Joe Hockey, observed, “By ratifying the TPP, the United States will ensure it will continue to have a major leadership role in the Asia-Pacific region…. The cost of failure may well be too great to imagine.”
 They are not alone in their disillusionment. Last August, Singaporean Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong said, “For America's friends and partners, ratifying TPP is a litmus test of your credibility and seriousness of purpose.” In an October interview with Time magazine, they went on to say, “The one big thing which you have done is to settle the TPP…. Now you say, ‘I will walk away, that I do not believe in this deal.' How can anyone believe in you anymore?”
We have heard similar views echoing across the region, from Southeast Asia to Japan. Trump is committed to a 350-ship Navy and boosting the U.S. military presence in Asia, a part of the “rebalance” that many felt was not adequately resourced. Countries in Asia appreciate these positions. But, given that business matters first and foremost in the region, how can the United States sustain its leading role in Asia?
The logic of “America First” holds that the United States should no longer take the lead in fighting the wars of others: Every foreign policy action must bring demonstrable benefits to the United States. Will a security guarantor role be sustainable, when the United States is getting fewer and fewer economic benefits as Asian countries increasingly trade and invest within Asia, and as the United States looks inward? Trump's periodic disparaging of alliances creates confusion in the region. The fear is that for many in Asia, “America First” sounds a lot like, “You're on your own.” If Trump wants to sustain a leading U.S. role in the Asia-Pacific — as Mattis's comments suggest — they have a steep hill to climb in order to undo the blows to U.S. credibility.
Negotiations for an Asia-Pacific free trade area began under President George W. Bush and were expanded into the TPP by the Obama administration. The TPP represented the critical economic element in the Obama administration's policy toward Asia and recognition of the region's strategic importance to American prosperity and security in the 21st century.
It's not hard to fathom why the last two administrations wanted to increase U.S. engagement in the Asia. It remains one of the fastest growing regions in the world, with annual growth rate of 6.8 percent in 2014, accounting for about 40 percent of global growth. In 2015 U.S. trade with Asia totaled over $1.5 trillion. In 2014, U.S. exports to the Asia-Pacific region represented 27.8 percent of total exports. In 2012, 32 percent of U.S. export-related jobs —1.2 million American workers — were employed in trade with the region, an increase of 52 percent over 2002. In 2011, 68 percent of all congressional districts exported more than $500 million to the region, with 39 states sending approximately 25 percent of their exports to the region. Moreover, the United States has some $778 billion in direct investment in Asia; Asians invested another $513 billion in the United States.
While the TPP had its flaws and room for improvement, its logic was that of expanding U.S. access to these booming economies in sectors like digital commerce and services where the U.S. is most competitive, while advancing a rules-based trading order and enhancing legal protection for intellectual property and investment. Since 1945, U.S. diplomacy has sought to build international acceptance of a rules-based order, with great success. The TPP represented an Asia-oriented extension of that historic U.S. interest — one that has underpinned prosperity for seven decades.
Michael Froman, the U.S. trade representative under President Barack Obama and lead U.S. official for TPP negotiations, defined the TPP as “a critical part of our overall Asian architecture. It reflects the fact that we are a Pacific power and that our economic well-being is inextricably linked with the economic well-being of this region…” The TPP's significance is strategic: a means of more deeply embedding the United States in the region. Across the Asia-Pacific, political as well as military leadership shared this strategic understanding — as did Beijing, which initially characterized the TPP as a central element in a containment strategy directed at China, but more recently showed an interest in joining it.
In rejecting the TPP outright, rather than seeking to revamp it, the Trump administration faces a serious credibility crisis of its own making. Yet it is not inconceivable that after the new team learns about how counterproductive its views on trade and globalization are, some variant of the trade accord — a Trump Pacific Partnership — could emerge in 2018 or 2019.
If the TPP reflects a retreat from U.S. economic leadership, will the withdrawal presage a similar strategic retreat from Asia? Is this, then, America's “East of Guam” moment? Is Trump's TPP rejection the first step away from a leading role for the United States in flight attendanting the global order and maintaining U.S. economic interests in the region? If the logic of “America First” is that the current global order is not in the country's best interests, then the United States might be headed toward a sphere-of-influence world resembling the 19th century.
Proponents of offshore balancing have long advocated for a withdrawal to Guam, Hawaii, or even the West Coast. Yes, U.S. allies and the region survived the Richard Nixon shock (suddenly going off the Gold standard) and the Guam Doctrine, but it was a much different world then.
In the 1970s China was still in the throes of the Cultural Revolution, irrelevant to the world economy. Today, China stands as the world's second-largest economy, and China is at present challenging the post-war, rules-based, open international order and U.S. leadership in the Asia-Pacific region. China is the largest trading partner of every U.S. ally and partner in East Asia.
Chinese President Xi Jinping has broken the code of the U.S. secret of success in Asia and is now offering to provide “public goods” to advance China's interests. This gets at the flaw of the current “America First” approach. The United States did not fashion the Bretton Woods institutions and an economically open, rules-based system out of altruism. It was based on the calculation that after the economic disaster of the 1930s and World War II, such a stable system was in the best interest of the United States. Leading that system was not putting U.S. interests second, but the best way to advance long-term U.S. interests.
And make no mistake, that liberal, rules-based order in now under challenge by Moscow in Europe and by Beijing in Asia — see Crimea and China's rejection of the Permanent Court of Arbitration's ruling on the South China Sea.
Over the past decade, Beijing advanced a series of institutions that for the most part were aimed at excluding the United States and challenging U.S. economic and security leadership: The Shanghai Cooperation Organization, the initial proposal for the East Asian Summit, the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank, the “Asia for Asians” security concept, the One Belt One Road Initiative, and the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership — a counterpoint to the TPP.
The demise of the TPP has opened the door to Beijing assuming a leadership role in advancing regional economic integration more on its own terms.
The challenge for the United States and the Trump administration will be as demanding over the next four years as it was when defined by then Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in 2011 when they wrote for Foreign Policy:
Beyond our borders, people are also wondering about America's intentions — our willingness to remain engaged and to lead. In Asia, they ask whether we are really there to stay, whether we are likely to be distracted again by events elsewhere, whether we can make — and keep — credible economic and strategic commitments, and whether we can back those commitments with action.
Asia and the world are looking for a vision of international leadership beyond “America First” — one that updates and modernizes the post World War II system. The alternative is something more like the pre-World War II world of sphere-of-interest geopolitics and protectionist trade policies. We know how that turned out.
The Nikkei Asian Review published an earlier version of this article.
Image credit: Zur Geschichte der Kostume
'To not react would put peace and security in the entire region in danger,' said the Prime Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault
Published 12:28 AM, September 05, 2013
PARIS, France - French Prime Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault urged lawmakers on Wednesday, September 4 to back military action against the Syrian regime in response to "the most massive and terrifying use" of chemical weapons this century.
Opening a fiery debate on France's reaction to the alleged deadly gas attack, Ayrault said it was "undeniable" that the regime had used chemical weapons to kill up to 1,500 people in the August 21 assault near Damascus.
No vote was to take place after the debate, as President Francois Hollande does not need parliamentary approval to launch military action.
But amid widespread scepticism in France over military strikes, the government has launched a major effort to bolster support.
"To not react would put peace and security in the entire region in danger," Ayrault said. "What message would we send to other regimes? And I'm thinking here, like you, of Iran and North Korea."
They also said not reacting militarily would "close the door on a political solution" to the conflict.
Ayrault said there was "no question" of France putting troops on the ground in Syria but that some form of military reaction was essential.
"Our message is clear: using chemical weapons is unacceptable. We want to both punish and dissuade," they said, calling last month's attack "the most massive and terrifying use of chemical weapons at the beginning of this century".
The debate was to last two hours but many French lawmakers are clamoring for a full vote on military action. A poll on the eve of the debate also showed nearly three quarters of the French wanting parliament to have a say.
Hollande's government has not ruled out a vote, but they will be keen to avoid an embarrassing rejection of military strikes like the one suffered last week by British Prime Minister David Cameron.
France has repeatedly vowed to "punish" Assad for the alleged chemical weapons attack and this week released an intelligence report pinning the blame for the assault on the regime.
In a letter to French lawmakers, Syria's parliament speaker on Wednesday urged them not to support military action.
"We ask you not to hasten to commit a heinous, senseless crime, as you must steer the French republic away from the war path and towards diplomacy," Jihad Lahham said in a statement published by the SANA official news agency.
The French debate comes as US President Barack Obama lobbies Congress to back US strikes when it returns from its summer break on September 9.
France has emerged as the key US ally in taking action against Assad's regime, after Britain's House of Commons rejected military action.
Hollande's Socialists, who enjoy a majority in the National Assembly, are largely supportive of strikes. But other leading parliamentary factions voiced opposition, including the main opposition right-wing UMP.
The UMP said it would not support military action without the backing of the United Nations or a broad international coalition.
"Can France seriously, without any European ally, leap head down into an adventure of this sort?" asked Christian Jacob, the head of the UMP's faction in the National Assembly. "We don't think so."
The divisions in France over action in Syria are in sharp contrast to the widespread support Hollande enjoyed when they launched a military intervention in Mali earlier this year.
The Mali operation, which saw French troops push back Islamist rebels who had seized the west African country's vast desert north, was launched without any thought of holding a parliamentary vote. Four months later, its continuation was backed without any votes against.
The Mali intervention was widely backed by the public however, unlike a military intervention in Syria, which a recent poll showed is opposed by 64%t of the French.
The minister in charge of relations with parliament, Alain Vidalies, said a vote on Syria was "possible" and that "the subject is not taboo".
But senior Socialists have made little secret of their distaste for a vote.
"There is no question of imposing a vote on the president," National Assembly speaker Claude Bartolone said, adding that "the moment when a dictator is threatening France" is not the time to change how the country decides to take military action. - Rappler.com
On the imaginary Baader-Meinhof clock of insurrection, it is one minute before midnight in Britain. But what will happen next? In countries such as France, Russia and America, where the clock had once struck 12 and the workers decided enough was enough, revolutions followed. All we've had in Britain are a peasants' revolt and a couple of riots when the Chartists were disobedient. On continental Europe and in the Americas, they brought down the aristocracy with guns and axes, then strung them up from trees and lamp-posts. In Britain, we shout: "What do we want? A minute of your time, if it's not too much trouble. When do we want it? At your earliest convenience and begging your pardon."
For we have too much respect for our democratic institutions and for our beloved monarch to entertain any notions of dull violence and chaotic rebellion when the blood is up. We would all surely regret it in the morning. And it is such rectitude and fortitude in the face of adversity which have given our country its stability and guardsman's bearing that is the envy of the world. This is what we tell ourselves when we have just received another slap from our elected representatives at Parliament and their cohorts in the corporate and financial charnel houses of HBOS and Globespan.
Except this year, the slaps came hard and fast. You wonder if a little period of instability would be a price worth paying to hand out a lesson they would never forget to the thieves and profligates in our banking and political edifices who have grown fat on our honesty and trust. It was the year when corporate and political Britain finally revealed its contempt for those from whose labours it has profited.
The full extent of our MPs' greed was revealed just at that time when we first began to understand that Sir Fred Goodwin and their avaricious brotherhood had been playing Russian roulette with the nation's economy. Yet it wasn't simply the fact of these follies that revealed them in all their vainglorious idiocy. If the politicians would just pay back the money they owed us without any fuss and a few of the most covetous fell on their swords, then we would forgive them and hand them a written warning at the next election. Better still, they could make amends by stripping the bankers of their bonuses and their Learjets and forcing them henceforth to undergo much more stringent scrutiny of their activities.
Yet following the initial obsequious outpourings of remorse from politicians, they began to reveal their true colours. They back-pedalled when many realised they probably did not have the funds to make good their promises of repayment. What we were demanding of them was too, too draconian. Meanwhile, directors of the Royal Bank of Scotland, having helped bring the economy to its knees, effectively attempted to hold the country to ransom: if you don't allow us to continue paying obscene bonuses to our star players, then we shall all resign, they said. They even tried to admonish us for having the cheek to ask for rigour and discipline in their bonus structures.
How can we compete with the galacticos of world banking, they whined, if you don't allow us to pay them properly? They were asking us to believe that there is some enchanted golden mean in global finance, the knowledge of which is only granted to a chosen few mystics and necromancers. They alone have the power to heal our broken economies and we, the idiot punters, would do well not to interfere.
Yet Britain has thousands of successful entrepreneurs whose hard work and adroit and proportionate investment has built businesses and provided employment. Many of them would beg to disagree with the RBS's lofty opinion of its structures and governances.
But they hadn't finished abusing us yet. For in November the new Supreme Court, administering justice in our name, allowed seven of our major banking institutions to continue robbing the accounts of hundreds of thousands of UK citizens. In justifying their wildly disproportionate overdraft charges, the banks lectured us on good financial housekeeping, diligence and discipline in our personal finances. This, from a worthless cartel whhich had just destroyed the economy because they couldn't stop themselves even when the bells were ringing at the level crossing and the lights were flashing.
They had shown all the restraint of a Mississippi riverboat gambler putting their house on black with an empty bottle of Jack Daniel's at their side. And still we merely shrugged and told ourselves there was little to be done amid the usual sporadic outbreaks of fist-waving.
In the last few days, our people have been left high and dry on some foreign peninsula by an airline's sudden collapse. Many more of them have been treated like dogs because a train system costing billions couldn't cope with the wrong type of snow and the operators couldn't communicate with each other properly. These are a sick metaphor for the current relationship between rich and corporate Britain and those who have granted them their power. Next year, we have been warned to expect public spending cuts at levels not seen since the end of the war.
Who is there to marshal our anger and to channel it in ways that will make the directors of UK plc pay heed? If such a person exists, they are not currently to be found in Westminster.
Microsoft has just announced through their official Xbox LIVE Rewards Twitter Page that your Achievements will play a part in the already exisiting Xbox LIVE Rewards Scheme which sees players get back Microsoft points from doing certain LIVE activies from purchasing Avatar Clothing for the first time and or renewing their Xbox LIVE Gold Subscription.
Now Xbox LIVE Gamers will not only be grabbing Microsoft Points for their duty but will earn Microsoft related goodies from their achievements earned. More information is expected soon so stay tuned to their Twitter page and or on Xbox 360 Blog. You can sign up to Xbox LIVE Rewards through the following link, make sure the Windows Live ID is the one associated with your Gamertag when signing in to Xbox.com so it links.
Advertisements
Islamic State fighters in Libya allegedly have seized large amounts of chemical weapons, including mustard gas and the nerve agent Sarin, the Libyan military charged. “Unfortunately [chemical weapons] exist in locations known to the militias, who have seized large amounts of them to use in their war against the [Libyan] army,” a Libyan military official told the London daily Asharq al-Awsat.
ISIS fighters near Tripoli have begun testing the weapons that reportedly once belonged to the former regime of Moammar Gadhafi. “Before their death, Gadhafi left approximately 1,000 cubic tons worth of material used for manufacturing chemical weapons and about 20,000 cubic tons of mustard gas,” the military official said.
The weapons are likely 10 years old and in a degraded state, but remain dangerous, former British Army officer Hamish de Bretton-Gordon told The Daily Mail Sunday. "While we don't know how much IS has acquired, and though the Libyan Sarin dates back to the Gadhafi era, it would still have a toxicity and pose a danger," they said. "Libya is virtually Europe and so the fear factor from a European perspective is huge. I should think the security forces will be watching this situation very closely."
Last year, Libyan officials said they had destroyed the last known stockpile of chemical weapons from Gadhafi's regime. “Libya is totally empty of any presence of chemical weapons ... which could pose a threat to the safety of people, the environment or neighboring regions,” Foreign Minister Mohammed Abdelaziz said at the time.
ISIS already has used chemical weapons, including chlorine in Iraq. Islamic State fighters have seized territory in Syria and Iraq in recent months and now are apparently targeting Libya. The North African nation has lacked a strong government since Gadhafi was toppled four years ago.
Last week, Islamic State fighters released a video purporting to show the beheading of 21 Egyptian Coptic Christians kidnapped in Libya. In the video, militants dressed in black beheaded the captives on a beach near Tripoli.
Towering Inferno
As the senior producer of, CCP's Jon Lander is ultimately in charge of the direction of the nine year old MMO. "I'm the guy who sets where we're going, what we're doing, and how we're going about doing it," Lander tells Gamasutra. "Ultimately, whatever happens incomes down to me."That's an admission of guilt, in a sense, as Lander has been working onsince 2009. CCP ran into problems last year when it laid off staff in the wake of poor management calls about the direction of both the game and the company.In fact, thanks to some of these decisions,fans went so far as to riot in-game; some ultimately unsubscribed from the title in protest. The introduction of virtual goods into the game world bombed, and dissatisfaction with itsexpansion rose.was later sidelined in favor of changes to the game requested by the existing community."We kind of fixated on a direction which we needed to take a step back from," says Lander. "We didn't really get the validation that we wanted to."In fact, they say, the big lesson of 2011 for the company was that hubris doesn't pay. "We've just got to make sure that we don't take our success for granted, which I think is where we ended up as we were going through last year. We could do anything; it didn't matter what it was. It would work. I think everyone in the company has learned some really, really valuable lessons about that. Now, it's very much that we don't take anything for granted."So it's probably important to change your mindset about what you do for your players, in that case. Lander has a clever way of putting it: If creatingis at its core, "about player-created stories," as they say, then working on it is "about us being relatively hands-off janitors of the virtual world."Notes Lander, while most MMOs have teams churning out handcrafted content for players to consume -- increasingly more quickly , these days --only has four content developers."But at the same time, we've got a lot of game designers," says Lander. "We've got a lot of programmers. We've got a lot of engineers who are building tools so that players can make the content, and that content is firmly rooted in interactions with each other," says Lander.The key to working onis that it "isn't a game," adds Lander. "is a social engine.""If you look at what makesgreat, it's that it's brilliant to play with other people. It's not the best solo-player game in the world, but you can do so much more with it."Listening to the player base that forms that social engine, and to the designers who are familiar with the different nooks and the crannies of the world itself, is more important than driving direction from the top."What we've done is we've devolved an awful lot of the power of the decision-making and the accountability for what we do in the games to the people who know best, which are the developers on the ground who've been doing this for a long time," says Lander."We've got some very talented game designers who understand how to make the right kind of game for our players to enjoy," they say.Lander's philosophy towardthese days is bottom-up in general. For example, their latest initiative in the game, theexpansion, was to start a massive war -- one that will drive the movement of players and resources in the game, even those who don't engage in PvP combat.How does this high concept boil down to the game? "I really sort of say: 'We've got a theme. We've got some business goals.' Those get broken down amongst everybody throughout the project; it's a big project.""They come back with a whole raft of ideas which feed back up the chain, and then myself and the project management group sit down and go, 'Okay. How do we think this is best going to fit into the company? These are the ideas from the people who really know.'"And even though some players have criticized aspects of, says Lander, "participation goes up, because it's not about giving players a feature to play through; it's about giving them tools to do their own stories.""No one's yet been able to run through the human psyche and do all of that content, so we're very lucky in that."Key to the bottom-up philosophy of developinghas also been its player government, the CSM, or Council of Stellar Management , which is in constant contact with the development team.No other MMO has such an integrated voice for its player base. Could CCP live without them? "I think we could," says Lander, "but I think it would make it harder; and I think we would be foolish to not have them.""It's such a big world there," they say. "They give us that external viewpoint in an environment where they're NDA'd, and we can be very open and honest with them. ... The feedback is just incredibly important. You don't really get it from anywhere else."The reason Lander thinks more developers don't take this approach is because "it's not our game anymore."But when bringing together the requests of players, the recommendations of the CSM, and the thoughts and desires of the ground-level design team, and focus on building a robust social system rather than content, the rewards are great, says Lander."I think this is why you see a steady growth on. Because the more people who are doing it, the more popular and actually the more fun it becomes. It's proven a good model for us.""We build a social engine that people actually love, hate, despise each other, love each other, backstab each other, and play the good Samaritan. People know each other, and there is this history. They feel a big emotional attachment to that, and that keeps them coming," they say.When the player base is your game's content, then it's truly a bottom-up proposition.
Dublin - Event Notice
"This house believes that Muslims are not integrating enough into Irish dublin | miscellaneous | event notice Wednesday February 07, 2007 16:57 Wednesday February 07, 2007 16:57 by Abu Nidal by Abu Nidal Motion:
"This house believes that Muslims are not integrating enough into Irish Society"
Speakers are:
Sheik Saheed Satardien (Chairman, Supreme Muslim Council)
Ali Selim (Director, Clonskeagh Mosque),
Dr Nazih (Medical Doctor , Health Board)
Mohammed Alkabour (Secretary to the Supreme Muslim Council),
Abu Hasan (Milltown - Shia - Mosque),
Paddy Monaghan (Lay Catholic missionary and writer)
Gerry Gregg (filmmaker),
Phillip Watt (Director of NCCR).
Thursday 8th Feb, Theatre R (Arts) @ 7pm
The Lansdowne Research Poll carried out for Prime Time and the Irish Independent highlighted the growing radicalism among the 40,000 Irish Muslims in Ireland. This Poll found that:
o 20% of Muslims think Ireland could harbour dissidents
o 57% of young Muslims want to see Ireland become an Islamic state
o 36% of all Muslims (over 14,000) want Sharia law introduced in
Ireland.
o 19% of Muslims said they "respect" al-Qa'ida terrorist leader Osama Bin Laden .
In light of this Poll's findings, this Debate is timely as it will
address these key issues.
Andrew Larkin, Auditor of Newman Society, 086 1257713
Supreme Muslim Council of Ireland
Mohammed AlKabour
Secretary-General
Tel: +353 419812048
Mobile:+353 860895955
Sheikh (Prof.) Shaheed Satardien
Chairman
Tel: +353 1 8218485
Mobile: +353 879932581
Digg this del.icio.us Furl Reddit Technorati Facebook Twitter << Back To Newswire
The man in the video is Adam Smith. They think he's a good man, and they are satisfied with their own righteousness, but what they actually do is berate a hardworking employee of a company because he, Adam Smith of Vante, does not like what the owner of that worker's corporation said.
The word "jerkface" applies.
As I mentioned, Adam Smith works for Vante. Their employer must be hearing from people who do not appreciate Mr. Smith's behavior, because its management pages have gone offline.
Just so no one forgets, this is the face of hate. It is the face of bigotry. It is the face of intolerance.
Update: Ironically, Mr. Smith also works at the University of Arizona's Freedom Center.
Correction: That U of A link above isn't about this Adam Smith. This one was but has gone offline.
Update: Thanks to our swift commenters -- Adam Smith's preening and obnoxious behavior has gotten them fired. According to a Vante statement:
Courtesy of The Tasmanian National Museum and Gallery Tasmanian tigers (Thylacinus cynocephalus) looked somewhat like striped coyotes and were found throughout most of the Australian island of Tasmania before Europeans settled there in 1803.
By Megan Gannon
LiveScience
Humans alone were responsible for the Tasmanian tiger's extinction in the 20th century, according to a new study that shoots down claims that disease also doomed the meat-eating marsupial.
More officially known as thylacines, Tasmanian tigers (Thylacinus cynocephalus) looked somewhat like striped coyotes and were found throughout most of the Australian island of Tasmania before Europeans settled there in 1803.
Starting at the end of the 19th century, the Tasmanian government paid bounties for thylacine carcasses, as the animals were believed to prey on farmers' sheep and poultry. (A recent study, however, showed that the carnivores' jaws were so weak they likely couldn't have taken down anything larger than a possum.) Humans eventually hunted thylacines to extinction in the early 1900s; the last known individual died in a Tasmanian zoo in 1936.
"Many people, however, believe that bounty hunting alone could not have driven the thylacine extinct and therefore claim that an unknown disease epidemic must have been responsible," researcher Thomas Prowse of Australia's University of Adelaide said in a statement.
Prowse and their colleagues developed a mathematical model to evaluate whether the combined impacts of Europeans' settlement could have wiped out the thylacine, without any disease involved.
"The new model simulated the direct effects of bounty hunting and habitat loss and, importantly, also considered the indirect effects of a reduction in the thylacine's prey (kangaroos and wallabies) due to human harvesting and competition from millions of introduced sheep," Prowse said.
Indeed, their results, published this month in the Journal of Animal Ecology, showed that these impacts alone would have been powerful enough to send the Tasmanian tiger population crashing in the early 20th century.
A study out last year suggested that low genetic diversity eventually would have set the thylacine on a path to extinction even if they hadn't been hunted off the planet.
The tiger's extant cousin, the Tasmanian devil, is currently being wiped out by a contagious cancer that's been able to spread all the easier because of the devil's low genetic diversity, which cuts down a wildlife population's ability to adapt to changing environmental conditions and bounce back from disease and mass fatalities. The Tasmanian tiger, if around today, also would be exceptionally susceptible to diseases, those researchers said.
Follow LiveScience on Twitter @livescience. We're also on Facebook and Google+.
Reformed white supremacist Daniel Gallant is trying to deter young Canadians from being recruited to ISIS, by sharing their own story of radicalization, as part of a school-based program called Extreme Dialogue.
"My propensity for being recruited started when I was quite young. I grew up in a fairly traumatic upbringing and by a young age was homeless and on the streets," Gallant told Daybreak South's Chris Walker.
"By the time I was 18, in East Vancouver, I was introduced to a couple of white supremacist skinheads and was then given literature and information and music and a whole set of propaganda … which then gave me an explanation for the state of the world that I was living in."
Gallant, who is one of the project's creators, said while everyone comes to extremist ideologies from different backgrounds, there are many parallels in what they were taught and extreme Islamist ideologies.
"Interestingly enough, one of the online resources for the white supremacist literature came from Radio Islam which was the extreme Muslim dissemination​ of what we refer to as the jihadist narrative."
Gallant is now doing a master's degree in social work at Thompson Rivers University in Kamloops, B.C., with a focus on disengagement from right wing extremism.
Extreme Dialogues, which was launched two weeks ago in Calgary, is designed to act as an online resource for teachers, community leaders and parents.
The website includes a series of short films and educational resources designed to help young people understand and ultimately avoid a path to radicalization.
To hear the full interview with Daniel Gallant, click the audio labelled: "Extreme Dialogue aims to deter ISIS recruitment."
Photo by Tien Mao/Gothamist
While Dominique Ansel has trademarked the Cronut™, they cannot stop people from making their own cronut-like pastries, slapping a $5 pricetag on them, and calling them something else. Mille-Feuille Bakery (located near Washington Square Park just blocks from Ansel himself) isn't the first, and they're certainly not the last to do this... but they are and always will be the first place the Gothamist staff ever tasted a cronut-esque thing. We tried their Vanilla Bean and Raspberry "french donuts" this afternoon—unsurprisingly, they were really quite good. Here are some staff reactions on the French Donut, and veering off topic, the Cronut Craze in general:
"It tasted like the overwrought decadence of a dying materialist culture—I think this is the taste Gatsby had in their mouth in the pool. Also very greasy." — Jake Dobkin
"To people who haven't eaten a Cronut™ yet (and I'm guessing that's most of this place's market) this fauxnut is like the Shrödinger's Cat of pastries. You don't know if it's nothing like a cronut, or an exact replica. Only until you open the box (wait in line for 15 hours) will you know for sure. It's essentially a tasty jelly donut and I appreciate the flakiness of the pastry, but I also think $5 is a cruel price to pay for an imitation." — Chris Robbins
"Tastes like a jelly donut. Totally unsure what the fuss is all about." — Josh Steele
"Like the best funnel cake at the county fair and a jelly donut had a baby in my mouth." — Allison Davis
We tracked down two dedicated pastry connoisseurs who have managed to try BOTH the Cronut™ and this fauxnut, and we were told that the main thing that sets the two apart is that the original Cronut™ is flakier and crispier, whereas the fauxnut is greasier and chewier. And both are delicious, in the way that both croissants and doughnuts are enjoyable things to eat sometimes. But note: Neither are worth pressing your bare skin to the dirty New York City sidewalk for.
UPDATE: Olivier at Mille-Feuille would like to point out that French Donuts (and Cronuts, too) have a shelf life, and should be eaten right away. We waited a few hours before eating ours—but we devoured them none-the-less.
Sometimes, when you're feeling a little lost, it helps to have a friend.
And it never hurts when that friend happens to be Abu Dhabi's Crown Prince General Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan, who is also deputy supreme commander of the UAE's armed forces.
Such was the case earlier this week when Sheikh Mohammed drove past a schoolgirl, who seemed worried and lost.
Concerned, they parked their car and approached her, asking if they needed help. According to a UAE Facebook post, they offered them a ride to their house, which they politely declined, saying their father would be there any minute.
(SCROLL FOR PHOTO)
The supreme commander's assistant then pointed out they aren't a stranger, but rather a well-known gentleman, to which the girl replied, "Yes, I know, but my dad said not to go with any strangers."
Still concerned, the Abu Dhabi crown prince decided to settle in and wait with the girl until their father showed up. A school teacher reportedly took the picture.
Soon after Emirates 24/7 posted the photo on its Facebook page, praise for the unlikely gesture began pouring in.
"Something other leaders should learn, too," one user wrote.
"Shows the kind heart of a ruler and nice upbringing of a kid by their parent," said another.
Sheikh Mohammed's fatherly interlude likely served as a welcome break from their preparations to meet King Abdullah II of Jordan on Wednesday. The two had been scheduled to discuss relief efforts for Syrian refugees and how to increase regional stability, the Khaleej Times reports.
Photo of General Sheikh Mohammed and the lost girl:
Can Arsenal challenge this season?
Yoann Gourcuff is ready to lower their sizeable salary to secure a move to Arsenal, according to the Lyon playmaker's club president Jean-Michel Aulas.
Gourcuff, 27, has failed to deliver on the promise that persuaded Lyon to pay €22 million (£19m) for them in 2010 and offer them a monthly wage of more than €400,000 (£350,000), making the midfielder Ligue 1's highest-paid Frenchman. With their performances as disappointing as their wages are high, OL have been looking to offload the French international, whose situation has been monitored by Arsene Wenger.
Responding to Monday's reports in L'Equipe to the contrary, Aulas told France's premier sports daily OL would not be willing to pay any of Gourcuff's salary to allow them to join a Ligue 1 club on loan, and revealed the former Bordeaux man was only willing to make financial sacrifices to go to north London.
"Can you see us paying part of their salary for them to play against us with another French club? We've never considered that and it would even more stupid now than it was a fortnight ago," Aulas stated after seeing Gourcuff contribute a goal and two assists in Lyon's 4-0 win over Nice last weekend, their first game of the Ligue 1 season.
"All that I know, if I understood correctly, is that they were ready to lower their salary to go to Arsenal, but that's not the same thing."
ESPNFC: Gunners ready to fire?
Also followed by Monaco and Atletico Madrid, who have long been linked with him, Gourcuff has another two years left on the deal they signed when they moved to the Stade de Gerland from Bordeaux three years ago.
Though they remain open to the possibility of selling the former AC Milan man, stating on their official Twitter account last weekend that Gourcuff "is not for sale, but they can be bought", and added that they had told the player's lawyer they would grant a non-exclusive mandate to negotiate a transfer, Aulas has not ruled out extending the massive deal they agreed to.
"We can't change the contract. The only solution is to extend it. If the amortisation is done over eight years when it was planned over five, it becomes less expensive. But we're in a quite unfair system: if there's someone to criticise for their salary, it's me. I signed it, that contract, with their agent."
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd
The basis for the analysis was an energy comparison...
(Potential Energy of Falling Floor Slab) + (Energy Dissipated in Failure of Floor) vs. Energy Required to Fail Girder Connection to Column at Floor Below
<- Tony, I read you as claiming that Nordenson is missing an additional term, namely (Energy Dissipated by falling Floor through Impact with Floor Below). Correct?
<- Tony, again, that's what you say is missing and must be included?
This potential energy at impact was then converted to an equivalent static force based on the stiffness of the impact location and the resulting girder deflection. The resulting shear force transferred to the connection at Column 79 was then calculated and compared with the expected shear capacity of the connection to determine whether the failure of one floor would cause the failure of the floor below.
<- Tony, you argue that the missing term would be correctly inlcuded into the energy comparison by using the stiffness formula for springs in series, right?
- reasonable?
seems all plausible?
<- Do you accept, at least tentatively, that Nordenson worked with due diligence and introduces no significant error here?
<- Are you ok with these numbers, at least in a ballpark sort of way?
<- And that's where Tony disagrees: They claim that the falling girder would deflect too and dissipate energy, and even more as it is less stiff - and that reduces the equivalent force. <- And I agree with Tony!
Unless, of course, I am missing something that I haven't been explained by econ
BERLIN (Reuters) - German industrial production fell by less than expected in March following two strong months while exports and imports both hit record-highs in March, data showed on Tuesday, suggesting Europe's biggest economy picked up steam in the first quarter.
In another sign for a continued upswing and improved labor demand, job vacancies hit an all-time high in the first three months of 2017.
The overall robust readouts are the latest in a batch of solid economic figures that are likely to help Chancellor Angela Merkel burnish their economic credentials ahead of a Sept. 24 federal election, when they will seek a fourth term.
Them gap with the main opposition Social Democrats has already been widening.
The economic numbers also underline the strength of the German economy compared with its peers.
Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel, a Social Democrat in Merkel's coalition, has urged their conservatives to adopt a less rigid stance in fiscal policy toward France after the election of the pro-reform centrist Emmanuel Macron as president.
Related Coverage German job vacancies hit record high in first quarter
“German exports had an impressive first quarter,” BGA trade association head Anton Boerner said, adding that business with other European Union countries and overseas markets such as China and the Unites Stated China was flourishing.
“It is astonishing how the German economy is defying global risks, whether politically or economically,” Boerner added.
Germany's quarterly economic growth, to be released on Friday, is now expected to pick up to 0.6 percent in the first quarter from 0.4 percent in the final three months of last year.
Industrial output edged down by 0.4 percent on the month in March, beating the consensus forecast for a drop of 0.6 percent, data from the Economy Ministry showed on Tuesday.
In the first quarter as a whole, industrial production increased by 1.4 percent on the quarter.
The Economy Ministry said the industrial upswing had gained momentum. “Industrial orders and sentiment indicators suggest a continuation of this positive trend,” it added.
FILE PHOTO: FILE PHOTO: Employees of German car manufacturer Mercedes-Benz make final adjustments at the end of the Mercedes A class (A-Klasse) production line at the factory in Rastatt, Germany, January 22, 2016. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach/File Photo
While construction remains a powerful source of growth, industry output and investments are set to finally catch up with the rest of the economy, ING economist Carsten Brzeski said.
“All in all, despite the small drop in March, industrial production should have returned as a growth driver for the German economy,” Brzeski added.
Separate data released from the Federal Statistics Office showed that seasonally adjusted exports rose by 0.4 percent on the month to hit a record high of 105.4 billion euros.
Imports jumped by 2.4 percent also to hit the highest value recorded in a month of 85.8 billion euros. This narrowed the seasonally adjusted trade surplus to 19.6 billion euros.
“Germany is clearly benefiting at the moment from the revival of the global economy,” Sal. Oppenheim economist Ulrike Kastens said, adding that German firms still seemed to offer the right products, such as cars and machines, which are in demand all over the world.
The good trade figures will likely increase the pressure on Germany to reduce its high trade surplus. But higher public investment, as demanded by France and others, will not solve the problem alone, Kastens said. More private sector investment in equipment and machinery was also needed, they noted.
A survey by the IAB labor office research institute showed that job vacancies jumped by about 75,000 on the year to reach a record-high at 1.064 million.
FILE PHOTO: A worker controls a tapping of a blast furnace at Europe's largest steel factory of Germany's industrial conglomerate ThyssenKrupp AG in the western German city of Duisburg December 6, 2012. REUTERS/Ina Fassbender/File Photo
Among the sectors consistently looking for more staff are logistics, healthcare and construction, IAB researcher Alexander Kubis said.
“The German economy seems to be unfazed by external risks such as a possible rise of protectionism and any consequences of Brexit. That's why firms continue to hire, they are looking for new employees to an extent never seen before,” Kubis said.
The reports followed by a day data showing Germany industrial orders rose for the second consecutive month in March, the first time since 2015.
A senior Japanese scientist embroiled in a stem-cell research scandal died Tuesday in an apparent suicide, police said.
Yoshiki Sasai, who supervised and co-authored stem-cell research papers that had to be retracted due to falsified contents, was found suffering from cardiac arrest at the government-affiliated science institute RIKEN in Kobe, in western Japan, according to Hyogo prefectural police. Sasai, 52, was deputy chief of RIKEN's Center for Developmental Biology.
A security guard found them with a rope around their neck, according to RIKEN. Sasai was rushed to a hospital, but was pronounced dead two hours later.
Police and RIKEN said Sasai left what appeared to be suicide notes, but refused to disclose their contents.
RIKEN spokesperson Satoru Kagaya told a news conference that Sasai had three letters with him, each addressed to Haruko Obokata, a co-author of the research papers, as well as senior members of RIKEN and fellow researchers. Two other notes addressed to RIKEN officials were on Sasai's secretary's desk.
Sasai's health had deteriorated over the past few months, and they had been receiving medical treatment. Kagaya said that Sasai started looking depressed in May, and that the two had hardly seen each other recently.
"He seemed exhausted. I could tell they were tired even on the phone," Kagaya said, referring to one of their last conversations with Sasai.
Retracted papers
Sasai's team retracted the research papers from the British science journal Nature over Obokata's alleged malpractice, which they have contested. Retractions of papers in major scientific journals are extremely rare, and the scandal was a major embarrassment to Japanese scientific research.
Obokata was in shock when they heard the news of Sasai's death, Kagaya said. Obokata has been in and out of the hospital since the scandal due to their mental condition, and RIKEN has arranged a team of medical staff and colleagues to give their support, while monitoring them around the clock, they said.
In two papers published in Nature earlier this year, the researchers reported that they successfully transformed ordinary mouse cells into versatile stem cells by exposing them to a mildly acidic environment. Scientists hope to harness stem cells to grow replacement tissue for treating a variety of diseases.
RIKEN later held Obokata, a main author of the research, responsible for falsifying data. The investigation also focused on Sasai and two other employees, though the three were not accused of research misconduct.
Sasai had said they were "deeply ashamed" over the problems with the papers.
The National Security Agency (NSA) and its British counterpart have successfully defeated encryption technologies used by a broad swath of online services, including those provided by Google, Facebook, Microsoft, and Yahoo, according to new reports published by The New York Times, Pro Publica, and The Guardian. The revelations, which include backdoors built into some technologies, raise troubling questions about the security that hundreds of millions of people rely on to keep their most intimate and business-sensitive secrets private in an increasingly networked world.
The reports, published simultaneously by the NYT, Pro Publica, and The Guardian, are based on newly disclosed documents provided by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden. They reveal a highly classified program codenamed Bullrun, which according to the reports relied on a combination of "supercomputers, technical trickery, court orders, and behind-the-scenes persuasion" to undermine basic staples of Internet privacy, including virtual private networks (VPNs) and the widely used secure sockets layer (SSL) and transport layer security (TLS) protocols.
"For the past decade, NSA has led an aggressive, multipronged effort to break widely used Internet encryption technologies," the NYT reported, quoting a 2010 memo describing a briefing of NSA capabilities to employees of the Government Communications Headquarters, or GCHQ. "Cryptanalytic capabilities are now coming online. Vast amounts of encrypted Internet data which have up till now been discarded are now exploitable."
When British analysts were briefed on the success, according to another memo, "those not already briefed were gobsmacked!" the NYT added.
The newly aired documents underscore the difficult balancing act that intelligence agencies must perform when monitoring terrorists and other state enemies. While officials say the ability to decode communications intercepted from suspects is crucial to national security, critics warn that the undermining of widely used encryption technologies could have an unintended boomerang effect that harms US companies and citizens.
"The risk is that when you build a backdoor into systems, you're not the only one to exploit it," Matt Green, a Johns Hopkins professor specializing in cryptography, told the NYT. "Those backdoors could work against US communications, too."
Bruce Schneier, an encryption specialist and fellow at Harvard's Berkman Center for Internet and Society, told The Guardian, "Cryptography forms the basis for trust online. By deliberately undermining online security in a short-sighted effort to eavesdrop, the NSA is undermining the very fabric of the Internet."
Neither report made clear exactly how the intelligence agencies are bypassing VPNs, SSL, and TLS, which are all presumed to provide nearly impenetrable cryptographic assurance when used correctly. But the NYT specifically mentions all three—as well as an unspecified protection used in 4G smartphones—as being the focus of the NSA's most intensive efforts.
Similarly, for three years, the GCHQ looked into ways to decode encrypted traffic from Google, Facebook, Microsoft, and Yahoo. By 2012, the British agency developed "new access opportunities" into Google systems, the paper reported. By 2010, a GCHQ counterencryption program, dubbed Edgehill, aspired or was able—the NYT and The Guardian seem to disagree on this point—to decode VPN traffic for 30 targets and set a goal of an additional 300 by 2015.
The reports also discuss the intelligence agencies working to get Internet companies' help in decrypted traffic by eliciting their voluntary cooperation, forcing their cooperation through court orders, or hacking into their networks to steal encryption keys or surreptitiously alter their software or hardware. Documents provided by Snowden said the NSA spends $250 million per year on a Sigint Enabling Project that "actively engages the US and foreign IT industries to covertly influence and/or overtly leverage their commercial products' designs" to make them exploitable. Earlier this year, the program found ways inside "some of the encryption chips" used by businesses and governments, either by working with chipmakers to insert backdoors or by surreptitiously exploiting existing security flaws, the NYT said.
The paper went on to describe the covert hand NSA agents played in "deliberately weakening the international encryption standards adopted by developers." It cited a goal in a 2013 budget request to "influence policies, standards, and specifications for commercial public key technologies. The report—written by Nicole Perlroth, Jeff Larson, and Scott Shane—said, "Cryptographers have long suspected that the agency planted vulnerabilities in a standard adopted in 2006 by the National Institute of Standards and Technology, the United States' encryption standards body, and later by the International Organization for Standardization, which has 163 countries as members."
MATCH REPORT: Liverpool - AFC Wimbledon (FA Cup)
Anfield, Round 3 Replay
Liverpool Starting XI: Mignolet; Kelly (Agger 105'), Touré, Škrtel, Cissokho; Gerrard [c], Allen (Lucas Leiva 59'); Sterling, Pacheco, Coutinho (Henderson 84'); Suárez
Liverpool Substitutes: Agger, José Enrique, Lucas Leiva, Aspas, Sturridge, Jones, Henderson
AFC Wimbledon Starting XI: Brown; Fuller, Bennett, Frampton, Kennedy; Porter, Pell, Sweeney (L. Moore 90'), Bamba; (Other) Green [c], (Bald) Green
AFC Wimbledon Substitutes: Worner, Fundingsrud, Sheringham, L. Moore, Arthur, White, Strutton
Every so often a game comes along that becomes the stuff of legend. Supporters down pints down the pub and wax nostalgic for it for decades. People save their match programmes, preserving them like family heirlooms (which, I suppose, they are). More people claim to have been there than actually were. It forms part of a shared history. A shared mythology. A shared suffering and triumph.
Most clubs have one. Sutton United's stunning upset in the FA Cup against Coventry. Liverpool coming back from 3-0 in the Champions League Final against AC Milan. Manchester City scoring two goals in stoppage time on the last day of the season to steal the Premier League title from Manchester United. And, yes, Wimbledon FC's shock win over Liverpool in the 1988 FA Cup Final.
What happened tonight in the rain at Anfield is one of those games. There will be cold winter days in decades hence when AFC Wimbledon supporters huddle in pubs after a disappointing result, and one of the old timers- maybe you- will bring up, to perhaps a few groans for having to hear this tired old story again, that one night. That one unforgettable night.
Tonight's third round replay comes after Liverpool's B-squad couldn't get the job done on our home ground. This time they came out with one of the stronger sides they could have fielded, including, to every Wimbly Wombly supporter's collective gulp, the Premier League's leading goalscorer and future Ballon d'Or winner Luis Suárez. For this squad, fielding players with varying degrees of match fitness against top flight opposition, the ask could not have been bigger.
Which made Wimbledon's early strike both a joy and a relief. After a chippy opening few minutes, Yousef Bamba slipped past Liverpool's high line and bombed down the left flank and into the box totally unchallenged. They sent a nearly perfect ball over the heads of Škrtel and Cissokho to a lurking Other John Green, who snuck the ball behind their marker and underneath Simon Mignolet for an opening goal that sent shivers throughout Anfield. The away supporters exploded then and, for the rest of the game, were at least as loud as (and sometimes louder than) the Kop.
After the goal, Wimbledon did what any fourth tier side would do having gained a lead over top flight opposition- dug in for a siege. Liverpool threatened quickly when Suárez collected a through ball from Coutinho and slipped behind the back line to bound in on goal- thankfully, Fuller managed to catch up with them on the edge of the box and get the ball away. Wimbledon, for their part, put together some promising chances of their own; on 32 minutes Bald John Green bolted towards goal but the pitch conditions prevented them from balancing themselves to shoot, and Kolo Touré knocked the ball towards Mignolet. Liverpool counterattacked immediately, won a free kick at the half way line, and the resulting ball found Suárez hovering over the penalty spot. But the soggy pitch absorbed most of the force from their shot and Seb Brown scooped up the ball with only a hint of nerves. The rest of the first half played out similarly, and when the referee blew for half time the fans all took a few moments to catch their collective breaths before shuffling out for tea and bovril.
Wimbledon played much more defensively in the second half- partly because of their tenuous position, partly because of fatigue settling in to several key players. The Dons put together some threats here and there, but for the most part they focused on possession and defending. For the most part they availed themselves well, though there were some nervy moments; not the least of which being a Steven Gerrard free kick- we'll give you a moment to digest that bit of panic- in the 82nd minute from 25 yards out, which, thankfully, drifted just wide. Even when the referee inexplicably tacked on five minutes of stoppage time, there was reasonable hope that Wimbledon could hold on and get out of Anfield with a 1-0 win and a ticket to the Fourth Round.
The song You'll Never Walk Alone is often criticised among football supporters for being overwrought, sentimental, and more than a bit schmaltzy. What few people mention- apart from opposition players who come to Anfield- is how utterly terrifying the song can be. If you're at Anfield and losing, or holding on to a very tenuous lead, hearing that song ringing through the Kop at the start of stoppage time can chill the blood and stop the heart. No one talks about YNWA being a taunting battle-cry. I mention this not to excuse but perhaps explain the catastrophe that came in the dying seconds of the 90. Utterly depleted, it was perhaps only a matter of time before someone unfolded the backline. Deep into stoppage time, late substitute Jordan Henderson collected the ball unmarked just inside the box; they turned, sidestepped some onrushing and panicking defenders, and fired a magnificent strike through traffic and past a harried Seb Brown. The Kop erupted, the away supporters stood in shock, and the Cinderella story seemed to be coming to an end.
But nobody told the Wimbly Womblys the party was over. Exhausted, assailed by the howling Kop, and facing a surging Liverpool side, the Dons went into extra time with quiet determination. They would get the result; failing that, they would hold on long enough to force a penalty shootout, where anything can happen. Other John Green had an amazing chance soon after extra time kick off, but once again the soggy pitch intervened and their shot rolled slowly into Mignolet's hands. Liverpool parried immediately when Raheem Sterling bounded on down the flank before winding their way into the box; they surely would've sent in a killer pass had Alan Bennett not intervened at the last second. Some tense back and forth continued, but for the most part it didn't look like either side had a goal in them.
And then came that moment. The moment that, as hinted before, will come to form part of the very mythology of AFC Wimbledon. Bald John Green laid the ball off in midfield to Harry Pell, who managed to slip past the back line. Utterly worn out, Pell put everything they had and more into their run and galloped off alone on goal. 15 yards out, they found themselves one on one against Mignolet. A fake, another fake, followed by a high ball that curved around the Belgian goalkeeper and sailed into the back of the net as the Kop looked on in horror. There was a peculiar look on Harry Pell's face while they celebrated the goal- joy, yes, but also a bit of ‘why me?' in their eyes. As if not understanding their own role in what just transpired- wondering if fate had conspired to bring them to that place, that moment, and score that goal. It could have been anyone on the team. But it was him. Pell almost seemed embarrassed, like they didn't feel worthy of the moment. I'm sure he's not the first person at the center of something tremendous to feel that way, nor will they be the last.
Liverpool panicked and pressed hard to find a late equalizer, but the Dons held on, barely. The rain fell hard, the Kop fell silent, and the mighty Reds fell from grace. The referee blew three times. The inexplicable had become the almighty truth.
This is the part where we talk about what the game means- where Wimbledon goes from here, what comes next, how do we build on the advantage, how do we bounce back from this setback, etc. If it's quite alright with you, we're going to skip that part right now. There will be plenty of analysis and punditry in the days to come. For now, know that your AFC Wimbledon defeated the once-great Liverpool, former Champions of England and Europe, on their home ground. The fourth round of the FA Cup beckons. Who knows what happens next.
Liverpool 1-2 AFC Wimbledon A.E.T.
Scoreline: Other Green (WIM) 8', Henderson (LIV) 90'+3, Pell (WIM) 112'
Discipline: n/a
Street Conversation LXII
I just realized how great technology is in uniting all the languages of the world. Listen to the audio below and please tell me what language the man in the end is speaking on the phone.
Sergiu: Da, o căzut jos o dată…uhuh…da' nu s-o spart de… numa' un pic, îi, adică îi…la Lucas ce e?
Yes, it fell down one time…uhuh….but it did not break perm…just a little, it's, I mean it's…what's at Lucas? (I was talking about my recorder which fell down while I was listening to some Smashing Pumpkins)
Kati: Lucas?
Sergiu: Da, Lucas.
Kati: Așteaptă-mă aici!
Wait for me here! (my girlfriend went into a store because I wanted to record someone without them knowing it and they were embarassed, I think)
Sergiu: Ah, bine.
But first a woman passes speaking really loudly in Romanian, so now you have some extra words to learn…
Woman: Păi oricum, prima dată…da, în principiu să vină marți dimineață, da?
Well anyway, the first time…yes, basically, they should come Tuesday in the morning, OK?
I finally got to record a man speaking in a strange language…what are they saying?
Vocabulary LXII
A cădea – To fall
A se sparge – To break
Produs (n.) – Product (Pl. Produse)
Invenție (f.) – Invention (Pl. Invenții)
Program (n.) – Program (Pl. Programe)
Funcționalitate (f.) – Feature (Pl. Funcționalități) – It also means FUN ctionality (this is supposed to be funny)
Torent (n.) – Torrent (Pl. Torente)
Mecanism (n.) – Device (Pl. Mecanisme)
Tehnologie (f.) – Technology (Pl. Tehnologii)
Matematică (f.) – Mathematics (Pl. Matematici)
Parolă (f.) – Password (Pl. Parole)
Inginer (m.) – Engineer (Pl. Ingineri)
Japonia (f.) – Japan
Electricitate (f.) – Electricity
Automatizare (f.) – Automation (Pl. Automatizări)
Călătorie spațială (f.) – Space travel (Pl. Călătorii spațiale)
Cercetare (f.) – Research (Pl. Cercetări)
Next Lesson
Simple Romanian is one man. Click here to find out more.
Over the years, killer clowns have morphed form from jealous husbands to demonic beings, from space invaders to serial killers.
If John Wayne Gacy is any evidence, truth can often be more frightening than fiction. Let's hope that's not the case as we unveil the following 69 crazy killer clown flicks:
Clowns as antagonists began with the Italian opera Pagliacci in 1892. It's essentially a love triangle between 3 actors in a play, ending with the jealous husband, Canio (who plays the clown Pagliacci in the play-within-a-play), murdering their wife Nedda and their lover Silvio on-stage in the final act. Unlike previous entries in our series of subgenre examinations ( Nunsploitation and Cannibals ), the Italians may have originated the concept but, in film, it has been uniquely dominated by American releases.
UNIONDALE, N.Y. - Calgary Flames captain Mark Giordano has been sidelined indefinitely with an undisclosed upper-body injury.
The NHL's top-scoring defenceman left Wednesday's 3-1 win over the New Jersey Devils in the third period after they were hauled down by Devils forward Steve Bernier.
"We want to make sure we're being diligent in terms of the protocol on all of the medical side of things," general manager Brad Treliving told reporters Friday on Long Island, where the Flames were to play the Islanders at night.
"Once we know where Mark's at, definitively, we'll share that ... there are still some things (we) have to go through here."
Giordano has 11 goals and 37 assists in 61 games and is plus-13.
The Flames are trying to stay in the playoff mix as they continue a seven-game road trip. Calgary ranked ninth in the Western Conference, but tied in points with eighth-place Los Angeles, prior to Friday's game.
Drinking in Chicago may be champagne and nibbles in a posh hotel or beer and live music in a 'slashy', or perhaps a cocktail in its tiniest bar; the Windy City offers everyone something to sip
The Matchbox
At a difficult-to-fathom (and sometimes, difficult-to-squeeze-into) 460 sq ft, The Matchbox may be Chicago's smallest bar. That makes every square inch of the old-school interior a potential surface on which to rest your cocktail – or a dimly-lit nook in which to chat up a stranger. Classic cocktails such as a gin gimlet or a Manhattan are a bargain at $8.50, especially because each formidable drink is accompanied by the cocktail shaker containing nearly a second glass of your chosen potable.
• 768 North Milwaukee Avenue, +1 312 666 9322, thesilverpalmrestaurant.com/themachbox. Open Tues-Fri 6pm-2am, Sat 6pm-3am, Sun 4-11pm
Map Room
The Map Room, Chicago
Out-of-towners should feel at home at this "traveller's cafe", but it's largely locals who frequent this no-frills bar that offers one of the best tap lists in the city. Regional and international brews are constantly rotated onto the draft lines and the beer engine. Ask the knowledgable – and occasionally surly – bartenders for recommendations. As long as you're not obnoxious or already too intoxicated, they'll treat you just fine.
• 1949 North Hoyne Avenue, +1 773 252 7636, maproom.com. Open Mon-Fri 6.30am-2am, Sat 7.30am-3am, Sun 11am-2am (coffee only before 11am)
Maria's Packaged Goods & Community Bar
Maria's Packaged Goods and Community Bar
Perhaps the most beloved example of Chicago's "slashies" – half liquor stores, half taverns – Maria's has been family-owned since 1986. The matriarch, Maria Marszewski, still quietly watches over the place, but it's their sons who in 2010 turned a dusty spot in the tight-knit Bridgeport neighbourhood into a destination for well-mixed cocktails and an impressive line-up of craft beers. At weekends, the music rocks, too, courtesy of eclectic DJ sets from Chicago music scene mainstay Joe Bryl.
• 960 West 31st Street, +1 773 890 0588, community-bar.com. Bar is open Mon-Fri, Sun 11-2am, Sat 11-3am
RM Champagne Salon
RM Champagne
After a meal on Randolph Street, the West Loop's white-hot restaurant row, enter through a semi-hidden alley to the patio of this unexpected French-inspired champagne and wine bar. Flickering candles, a pages-long list of bubbles and trays of charming migniardises are equal parts romantic and chic. When the weather's cooler, tufted couches near the roaring fireplace are the best seats in the house.
• 116 North Green Street, +1 312 243 1199, rmchampagnesalon.com. Open Mon-Wed 5pm-11pm, Thurs-Sat 5pm-2am, Sun 5pm-11pm
Three Dots and a Dash
Three dots and a dash, Chicago
Cocktail fans gasped when bartender Paul McGee left their post at The Whistler, but they're breathing a sigh of relief now that he's back with this brand-new tiki spot in River North. Decor and music are gloriously cheesy, with raffia, totem heads and floral print as far as the eye can see. The drinks, though, are dazzlingly tropical – and go down much too easily. Tip: the bar's off an alley, but just look for the tiki torches lighting the way.
• 435 North Clark Street, +1 312 610 4220, threedotschicago.com. Open Sun-Fri 5pm-2am; Sat 5pm-3am
The Green Mill
The Green Mill, Chicago
Jazz heads and history buffs with a fondness for the prohibition era must make a pilgrimage to this longstanding Chicago lounge. Green-and-white lights twinkle across the bar's facade; inside, the long wood bar, generous stage and oversized booths feel as though they've been exhumed from a 1920s time capsule. There's a cover for live music most nights, but the talented acts that come through this hallowed spot are worth it. On weekends, suspenders, retro dresses and, of course, dancing shoes, are delightfully appropriate.
• 4802 North Broadway, +1 773 878 5552, greenmilljazz.com. Open Mon-Fri noon-4am, Sat noon-5am, Sun 11am-4am
Billy Sunday
Billy Sunday, Chicago
This newcomer to the city's cocktail scene draws rave reviews from Logan Square neighbours and lures guests from outside the 'hood with its impeccably-executed cocktails. Beverage director Alex Bachman has created a list of intriguing but not off-putting concoctions, with a tight food menu that's no afterthought. Scotch drinkers must ask for the back bar's bottle list, if only to drool over some of the rare offerings Bachman has assembled.
• 3143 West Logan Boulevard, +1 773 661 2485, billy-sunday.com. Open Mon-Fri 5pm-2am, Sat noon-3am, Sun noon-2am
Headquarters Beercade
Headquarters Beercade, Chicago
Chicago historically was a pinball manufacturing hub, and it's this legacy that inspires the city's two retro arcade bars (the other is Wicker Park's Emporium Arcade Bar). At Headquarters, gamers can set their cocktail or craft beer aside and challenge one of the dozens of old-school arcade games. Remember Frogger, Galaga and Defender? A recently added expansion houses the bar's popular dozen-plus pinball offerings.
• 950 West Wolfram Street, +1 773 665 5660, hqbeercade.com. Open Wed-Fri 5pm-2am, Sat noon-3am, Sun noon-2am
Empty Bottle
Empty Bottle, Chicago
One of the best small venues for up-and-coming bands, Empty Bottle has delivered on its exterior awning's promise of "Music Friendly Dancing" since 1992. The beer is cheap, the crowd is laidback and if you catch one of your favourite acts here, it will be an intimate show you're unlikely to forget. Check the schedule for "Windy City Soul Club", a night of soul DJs that always spurs a shamelessly fun dance party.
• 1035 North Western Avenue, +1 773 276 3600, emptybottle.com. Open Mon-Weds 5pm-2am, Thurs-Fri 3pm-2am, Sat 11am-3am, Sun 12am-2am
Half Acre Tap Room
Half Acre Tap Room, Chicago
To say Chicago's craft beer scene is exploding wouldn't be hyperbolic. One of the best breweries currently in the game is Half Acre, which in 2012 finally opened a tap room adjacent to its brewery and bottle shop. Stop in for the newest limited release or seasonal brew, available in tasting portions and reasonably priced pints. Hungry? There's no kitchen, but bartenders will gladly hand you delivery menus from nearby restaurants.
• 4257 North Lincoln Avenue, +1 773 248 4038, halfacrebeer.com. Open Tues-Wed noon-11pm, Thurs noon-midnight, Fri noon-1am, Sat 11am-1am, Sun 11am-11pm
Kate Bernot is nightlife reporter for Redeye Chicago
• For more information on holidays in the USA, visit DiscoverAmerica.com
What if Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton swapped gender roles? I know a woman acting like Trump and a man becoming Clinton, it's usually a nonsensical exercise when the Left does this. The analysis of the reactions did touch upon how we perceive messages through gender, but it also yielded interesting results, namely highlighting the unappealing persona of Clinton, compounded when a man assumes their role. Whether you're a man or a woman, the voters just didn't like her, even if the roles were switched, as was the case in this exercise. Additionally, some who seemed to not understand how Trump won finally got—to the horror of some—the appeal of the 45th president of the United States. A common remark about the actor channeling Trump was that you may not be like her, but you know she's right—and that they would take care of you. At the time of the debates, both candidates were relatively unpopular, but Trump had a message and a picture for voters to latch onto, which was accentuated with this gender swap experiment. The idea came from Maria Guadalupe of INSEAD, an international business school, who worked with Joe Salvatore of New York University, which ended in the creation of “Her Opponent” (via NYU) [emphasis mine]:
[…]
The two sold-out performances of Them Opponent took place on the night of Saturday, January 28, just a week after President Trump's inauguration and the ensuing Women's March on Washington. “The atmosphere among the standing-room-only crowd, which appeared mostly drawn from academic circles, was convivial, but also a little anxious,” Alexis Soloski, a New York Times reporter who attended the first performance, observed. “Most of the people there had watched the debates assuming that Ms. Clinton couldn't lose. This time they watched trying to figure out how Mr. Trump could have won.”
Inside the evening's program were two surveys for each audience member to fill out—one for before the show, with questions about their impressions of the real-life Trump–Clinton debates, and another for afterward, asking about their reactions to the King–Gordon restaging. Each performance was also followed by a discussion, with Salvatore bringing a microphone around to those eager to comment on what they had seen.
[…]
Many were shocked to find that they couldn't seem to find in Jonathan Gordon what they had admired in Hillary Clinton—or that Brenda King's clever tactics seemed to shine in moments where they'd remembered Donald Trump flailing or lashing out. For those Clinton voters trying to make sense of the loss, it was by turns bewildering and instructive, raising as many questions about gender performance and effects of sexism as it answered.
[…]
We heard a lot of “now I understand how this happened”—meaning how Trump won the election. People got upset. There was a guy two rows in front of me who was literally holding their head in their hands, and the person with them was rubbing their back. The simplicity of Trump's message became easier for people to hear when it was coming from a woman—that was a theme. One person said, “I'm just so struck by how precise Trump's technique is.” Another—a musical theater composer, actually—said that Trump created “hummable lyrics,” while Clinton talked a lot, and everything they were been true and factual, but there was no “hook” to it. Another theme was about not liking either candidate—you know, “I wouldn't vote for either one.” Someone said that Jonathan Gordon [the male Hillary Clinton] was “really punchable” because of all the smiling. And a lot of people were just very surprised by the way it upended their expectations about what they thought they would feel or experience. There was someone who described Brenda King [the female Donald Trump] as their Jewish aunt who would take care of him, even though they might not like their aunt. Someone else described them as the middle school principal who you don't like, but you know is doing good things for you.
Twitter has just published a blog post reporting that the platform is currently supporting one million registered third-party apps, built by more than 750,000 developers around the world. And a new app is registered every 1.5 seconds. Furthermore, since December 2010, more than $500 million has been invested in companies in the Twitter ecosystem companies, and more than a billion dollars has been paid out in acquisitions.
These are impressive stats for Twitter's developer ecosystem, considering that the platform only supported 150,000 apps a year ago. Today, the company is also unveiling a new developer portal, which aims to create a more centralized platform for third-party developers.
The portal, which was launched using Drupal, includes a new discussion forum, moving away from the mailing list that twitter used previously. Discussions can be filtered by “Hot Topics” for the most popular conversations. And you can subscribe to the categories and threads that interest you most. A “Dev Teatime” section aims to be a more social feature for devs to meet.
The new developer-focused blog will include API announcements, events, tips and how-tos, case studies on apps, product insights, and more. Documentation has been improved in terms of structure and searchability.
Twitter has also rolled out a new, streamlined app manager and improved search at dev.twitter.com with filters and archives from the developer groups mailing list.
Twitter has had a tenuous relationship with its developers, and the new portal is one way to improve communications. In March, Twitter basically told developers to avoid competing with them on native clients. It's not that Twitter doesn't want developers to build off their platform, they just don't want developers to build clients that mimic Twitter's own services. As we've written in the past, this is business, not personal. But the FTC reportedly is making inquiries about whether the company's developer policies are anti-competitive.
Three hippopotamuses were found dead at the Karlsruhe Zoo early today. Authorities said an elephant did it.
The hippopotamuses - two adults and a new-born calf - suffocated from heat and steam after water hotter than 140 degrees flowed into their pool, zoo officials said.
The water in the pool is normally kept at 68 degrees.
Puzzled by the circumstances, the zoo called in detectives. After an investigation, they concluded that a three-and-a-half-ton Indian elephant in an adjacent enclosure had pulled free of its chain, reached over security fencing and opened a hot water valve with its trunk.
A zoo spokesperson said the 30- year-old elephant, a female named Rani, ''has been perfectly behaved all their 29 years here.''
''The animal must just have been playing with the valve,'' they said.
Barely two days after the tragic death of Australian international cricketer Philip Hughes due to an injury on the head, an Israeli cricket umpire and former captain Hiller Awasker lost their lives on Saturday in an amateur league game in Ben Gurion Park in Ashdod. They were brought in a critical condition to Ashdod's Barzilai Hospital, where they breathed their last. However, there were some contradictory reports about how they died, with some saying that they were hit in the face, others said that they suffered a heart attack after being hit in the chest.
According to one of the Ashdod players, “A fast delivery from the bowler came off the bat of the batsman, hit the wicket and then struck the umpire in the chest.
The umpire fell and apparently suffered a heart attack. Several of the players attempted to resuscitate him, taking telephonic instructions from the local MDA station, during the 10 minutes it took for the paramedics to arrive on the scene.”
Kobi Weiss, a senior umpire who attended to the injured man, said, “When I got to the pitch, I saw a man of about 50 who was unconscious. The people there said that they had been hit by the ball in the course of the match and collapsed.
“We immediately began resuscitation procedures, including medications. When their pulse returned and their condition stabilized a bit, they were taken to the hospital.”
Suspect in Port Arthur standoff has bonds totaling $1 million
Walter Ryan Moore, 28. Walter Ryan Moore, 28. Photo: Jefferson County Sheriff Photo: Jefferson County Sheriff Image 1 of / 13 Caption Close Suspects in Port Arthur standoff has bonds totaling $1 million 1 / 13 Back to Gallery
A man is in the Jefferson County Jail with bonds totaling $1 million after a 9 hour standoff with Port Arthur Police officers Wednesday.
Walter Moore, 28, was charged with aggravated kidnapping and three counts of aggravated assault on a police officer after locking themselves inside a home on 61st street with multiple firearms, two homemade explosive devices and a 2-year-old child.
The incident began shortly before 7 a.m. when the department received a call about an "intoxicated" man.
SWAT members spent the day negotiating with the man, and at one point provided them with three cigarettes in exchange for one of their firearms.
They have also brought them a bag of burgers and fries after they said they would surrender the guns in exchange for food. They did not, however, accept the burger and fries. They instead asked for chicken nuggets. Police said they did not end up surrendering another gun for the nuggets.
Police were able to negotiate with them for the release of the child from the house just after 2 p.m.
The child is the man's niece.  They are in the custody of their grandmother, who also was in the home. The grandmother was brought to the hospital during the standoff for a suspected heart attack. The man's brother was arrested mid-way through the day, as well.
The Memorial 9th grade campus, formerly Stephen F. Austin Middle School, was evacuated during the day due to the incident, according to Mark Porterie, deputy superintendent for Port Arthur ISD.
View Images
In addition to yesterday's post regarding NGTV's casting call for a “team leader” on a new adventure TV show, we have yet another dream job to tell you about today:
OFFICIAL CASTING NOTICE FOR ENGINEER:
National Geographic seeking to hire a tech wiz to develop, customize, deploy, and modify equipment for field scientists exploring new frontiers. Will work hand-in-hand with National Geographic's Remote Imaging Lab. Must be a visionary who can offer practical solutions to a wide variety of technical problems. We're looking for National Geographic's version of James Bond's “Q”- an imagineer who will not just be a lab-based visionary, but also a field engineer, called on to create and operate equipment on site across multiple expeditions.
Outdoor skills required as the sites will be in remote areas of the globe, often in rugged terrain. Must have the ability to handle rapidly changing situations, be passionate about technology and adventure, AND be as comfortable on camera as in the field. Full-time employment with a minimum one-year contract. Be prepared to see your dreams become a reality and have the experience of a lifetime.
If interested, please email us at NGTeamLeader@gmail.com and let us know about why you're perfect for the job. Make sure to include your name, contact information and a photo and/or video links. (Submissions without photos or video WILL NOT be considered.) U.S. passport and enthusiasm required.
Image caption Robert Fidler said they had done "nothing wrong" in providing a home for their family
A farmer's fight to stop the demolition of a mock Tudor castle they built without planning permission is being considered by a planning inspector.
Robert Fidler built the castle at Honeycrock Farm in Salfords, Surrey, in 2002 and hid it behind a haystack.
They were first ordered to tear it down in 2008 and has been fighting a legal battle with Reigate and Banstead Borough Council ever since.
An inquiry is hearing their latest appeal against refusal of planning permission.
'Family home'
The four-bedroom property in the Green Belt includes a kitchen, living room, study, a gravelled forecourt and a conservatory.
Mr Fidler, who keeps a herd of Sussex cattle at the farm, submitted a new planning application in February 2014 to retain the house in Axes Lane on the basis of agricultural need.
It was refused by the council in April.
"As far as I am concerned we have done nothing wrong," they said.
"We've never broken any laws, contrary to what the authorities seem to be trying to suggest.
"All I have done is provided my family with a home to live in.
"For the few years before we did that we were living in a shed in the corner of the yard."
Image caption The house has turrets on one side and mock Tudor beams on the other
Mr Fidler lost a High Court appeal against the order to demolish the property in 2010.
In June 2014, the council obtained a High Court injunction requiring them to comply with four outstanding enforcement notices to demolish the unauthorised building.
They were given 90 days, subject to the outcome of the current planning appeal.
The council said it would not comment while the inquiry was taking place.
The two-day hearing at Reigate Town Hall ends on Wednesday.
Is The Supreme Court Just Completely Out Of Touch On Digital Copyright Issues?
from it's-possible dept
Nothing in the text of the Copyright Clause confines the "Progress of Science" exclusively to "incentives for creation." [Perlmutter, Participation in the International Copyright System as a Means to Promote the Progress of Science and Useful Arts, 36 Loyola (LA) L. Rev. 323 (2002)], at 324, n. 5 (internal quotation marks omitted). Evidence from the founding, moreover, suggests that inducing dissemination—as opposed to creation—was viewed as an appropriate means to promote science.
Jack Valenti, President of the Motion Picture Association of America once said: “A public domain work is an orphan. No one is responsible for its life…it becomes soiled and haggard…” Jessica Litman, Digital Copyright 77 (2001). Before digital technology, Valenti may have had an argument – one could argue that it was so expensive to store, reproduce, and distribute physical works that keeping them out of the public domain may have resulted in more availability than letting them in.
With digital technology, however, this argument can no longer stand. Indeed, even Valenti now agrees that digital technology possesses the capacity to makes flawless copies trivial and worldwide distribution instantaneous. This ease of publishing and distributing means that material in the public domain is universally available.
A well-functioning international copyright system would likely encourage the dissemination of existing and future works. See URAA Joint Hearing 189 (statement of Professor Perlmutter). Full compliance with Berne, Congress had reason to believe, would expand the foreign markets available to U. S. authors and invigorate protection against piracy of U. S. works abroad, S. Rep. No. 103-412, pp. 224, 225 (1994); URAA Joint Hearing 291 (statement of Berman, RIAA); id., at 244, 247 (statement of Smith, IIPA), thereby benefitting copyright intensive industries stateside and inducing greater investment in the creative process.
For most legal scholars, the Supreme Court's decision to uphold retroactive grants of copyright protection for formerly-public domain works incame as little surprise. The Court made it clear that it was doubling down on the framework set out in, largely deferring to Congress on these matters and giving wide latitude to what comports with the "traditional contours of copyright law." What received less attention in the decision was the Court's discussion of how a retroactive grant purportedly "promote[s] the progress of Science" as required by the Copyright Clause . And while it may seem like a largely academic point to some, the Court's handling of the issue may actually be symptomatic of a legal system whose scholarship and case law have yet to catch up with the market realities of the digital age (or worse, may be actively ignoring them for political purposes).In a short six-paragraph discussion at Section II(C) of the majority opinion in Golan , the Court tackles the contention that copyright legislation only serves its Constitutional aims if it spurs the creation of new works (which a retroactive grant, applying only to works already in existence, obviously does not):The reasoning here, which is fairly compelling, is that it's not enough for a work to merely be created -- for it to actually "promote the Progress of Science," it has to be made adequately available for public consumption. Historically, a grant of copyright would incentivize this by providing the opportunity for monopoly profits to offset the cost of wide retail distribution. Problematically for the Court, however, this arrangement is no longer the most effective means to distribute a work; The Internet Archive told the Court as much in its amicus brief for Eldred It seems logical that, in an age where cheap hosting/bandwidth and peer-to-peer services have all but eliminated the transactional costs of making work available online, the dissemination of public domain content would bewidely promoted byallowing monopolist copyright holders to place conditions on their replication and distribution (monetary or otherwise). Yet themajority ignored this sea-change in distribution methodology, deferring to Congress's belief that increasing copyright protection "provide[s] copyright owners generally with the incentive to restore older works and further disseminate them to the public" -- a belief based on hearings held in 1997 , when the Internet had less than 70 million users and Congress had no idea how far public domain distribution methodologies would come.In fact, surveying the various authorities marshaled by the Supreme Court to link copyright law with promoting greater distribution of works, it is striking how little post-Internet thought has been taken into account. The only actual case cited byfor the Court's proposition (aside from) is(1985), which not only predates the publicly-available Internet, but concerned balancing thefor a copyright owner to distribute (right of first publication) with theof that distribution (fair use quotation) – an economic analysis tacitly admitting that dissemination isby removing copyright protection. Justice Breyer's dissent inreinforces this distinction, explaining that the Copyright Clause “assumes that it is the disappearance of the monopoly grant, not its perpetuation, that will, on balance, promote the dissemination of works already in existence.”If it seems odd that the Supreme Court put so little critical thought into what promotes the widest distribution of a work in the digital age, the second-to-last paragraph of Section II(C) in Golan may be instructive. There, the court reveals the true engine of its decision:Here we see the focus of the court is less on the restored works and more on protecting the wider copyright industry; by placating the origin countries of restored works, Congress believes it is protectingworks in those territories from less-than-national treatment. These theories (offered up by current and former counsel to beneficiary trade associations and cited as such by the Court) are not necessarily inaccurate, but reinforce that Congress's primary goal in plucking works out of the public domain isto actually promote their widest distribution. Rather than admitting this, however, the Court contorts prior case law and, indeed, logic itself to pretend that a paywall will somehow make restored works more accessible.To me, this is what is most upsetting about thedecision. If the Court wishes to defer to a starry-eyed Congress that believes in attenuated links between copyright restoration, foreign goodwill, and market opportunities, it is entitled to do so. But it should at least be willing to admit that, in isolation, the restoration itself does nothing to “promote the Progress of Science.” To the contrary, it locks up works that have already been created and could be disseminated more widely than ever possible under the restrictions of copyright law. Instead, the Court doesn't give public domain advocates a leg to stand on, and perpetuates a Luddite understanding of distribution methodology to do so. Hopefully, the Court will someday come to realize that a public domain work is no longer an orphan – the entire Internet is its family.
Filed Under: constitution, copyright clause, eldred v. ashcroft, jack valenti, public domain, scotus
According to EA, Dead Space 3 will not be patched to close up any resource farming exploits.
Earlier I wrote about a resources exploit in Dead Space 3 that allowed players to circumvent the need to utilize real money, though it still requires some tedious grinding. We talked about cheating, we talked about the possible "legal gray area" of this sort of thing.
EA has clarified their stance on this with me via email, and I think they're on pretty much the right page with this:
"The resource-earning mechanic in Dead Space 3 is not a glitch," an EA spokesperson told me. "We have no plans to issue a patch to change this aspect of the game. We encourage players to explore the game and discover the areas where resources respawn for free. We've deliberately designed Dead Space 3 to allow players to harvest resources by playing through the game. For those that wish to accumulate upgrades instantly, we have enabled an optional system for them to buy the resources at a minimal cost ($1-$3)."
So that's that. EA is going to let the resource farming slide. Players will still be able to buy items to get ahead, but the game itself will remain as-is.
I still find myself a bit wary of including micro-transactions in this sort of game. They feel a lot like paying for cheats---something that many freemium-style games feel like, and Dead Space 3 isn't even free-to-play.
I think back to the old days, playing Super Mario, and imagine if I could just buy an extra life pack from Nintendo, or a Star pack that gave me invincibility whenever I needed it to get ahead, or any sort of advantage that enabled me to beat the game without trying so hard.
There's nothing really wrong with it---after all, I can just ignore the option entirely---but I still can't wash away the sense that it's all a bit unsportsmanlike, very much in the same way I think cheating is unsportsmanlike.
Either way, good for EA.
Follow me on Twitter or Facebook. Read my Forbes blog here.
New Jersey Devils general manager Lou Lamoriello has been involved in the business of hockey long enough that they say nothing surprises them anymore. Fair enough, but losing now-former captain Zach Parise to the Minnesota Wild on Wednesday certainly disappoints him.
"He was our captain. They were our leader," Lamoriello said on a conference call not long after the Wild officially announced that both Parise and Ryan Suter signed identical 13-year contracts worth a reported $98 million. "He was a prototype Devil player the way they played. They were a great example for younger players. It's a loss, without question, besides the points they put up. That's an understatement and we'll leave it at that."
The Devils chose Parise in the first round of the 2003 NHL Draft -- and until Wednesday they had spent their entire NHL career in New Jersey, putting up 410 points in 502 games and helping them reach the Stanley Cup Final this past season. Parise said Wednesday that they loved playing in New Jersey and it is a first-class organization, but they are from Minneapolis and the chance to play at home was too great -- especially with Suter by theirs side.
Parise told Lamoriello that is why they chose the Wild over the Devils. Lamoriello, a former coach at Providence College, compared it to trying to recruit a player out of a state that has a good hockey program. They said that type of reasoning is not something they could fight.
"There are a lot of considerations -- family, future, promises, future businesses," Lamoriello said. "You don't compete with it. You just put forward the experiences they've had with you and you try to do the best job you can of being honest. You can only point out what is best in your opinion, but you never derail or talk about somebody else negatively."
Lamoriello also knew of Parise's hope to play with Suter, so they did reach out to Suter's representation to find out if there was any interest on their part in coming to New Jersey. The answer was that Suter wanted to stay in the Western Conference, so no contract offer was made.
Lamoriello did make an offer to Parise in a face-to-face meeting in Toronto on the eve of the free-agent signing period. They said it was competitive to what Parise accepted from the Wild and there was never a counter offer made because Parise made it clear to Lamoriello that their decision was not about money.
"The response was that the money we had offered would not be the issue and we did not get a return call from their representation to say that the number had to go up," Lamoriello said. "Going home was the real focus and the conversation that they and I had had nothing to do with money or our last offer. It was about their days here with the Devils and some personal comments."
Lamoriello said Parise's decision to leave the Devils ranks with the disappointment they felt when defenseman Scott Niedermayer left New Jersey for Anaheim via free agency in 2005.
"Certainly they were unique situations involved -- Scotty with their brother [Rob] and Zach told me if it was not going home to Minnesota it would be coming to New Jersey," Lamoriello said. "It was one of the toughest decisions [Parise] said they had to make. I respect that. We can't get in the minds of people. In my opinion our organization did whatever we possibly could to retain him, and it's a decision they made."
"He was our captain. They were our leader. They were a prototype Devil player the way they played. They were a great example for younger players. It's a loss, without question, besides the points they put up. That's an understatement and we'll leave it at that."
-- Devils GM Lou Lamoriello on the departure of Zach Parise
While Lamoriello said "you can't replace a Zach Parise," their job now is to move forward to at least try to recoup some or most of what they lost in their captain. Without giving anything away, they said the Devils would do everything possible to remain one of the top contenders in the Eastern Conference.
Lamoriello could look to the trade market or the free-agent market, which, of course, could quickly thin out now that both of the big names are off the board. But they also expressed a lot of excitement for the players who are returning to New Jersey, including Calder Trophy finalist Adam Henrique and 19-year-old defenseman Adam Larsson.
Lamoriello is also excited because the Devils, who entered the offseason with 11 potential unrestricted free agents, have been able to bring back eight of 10 so far, including goalies Martin Brodeur and Johan Hedberg, defenseman Bryce Salvador and the entire fourth line of Stephen Gionta, Ryan Carter and Steve Bernier.
Petr Sykora remains unsigned, but Lamoriello said there is interest in bringing the veteran forward back to New Jersey.
"We will have to make some adjustments and transactions if possible," Lamoriello said. "But we will not turn our heads with reference to getting this team to where we feel we should be each and every year."
As for naming a new captain to replace Parise, that's not even close to being a priority now for Lamoriello.
"We have a lot of leaders here," Lamoriello said. "I don't feel that leadership is going be a problem."
Follow Dan Rosen on Twitter at: @drosennhl
From Band of Outsiders shirts to Saint Laurent leather jackets, Aziz Ansari's fantastic new Netflix show is a hub of menswear Easter eggs
If your office is anything like ours, people are talking about Master of None today, Aziz Ansari's excellent new show on Netflix. It chronicles the life of a single, 20-something actor in New York City named Dev (played by Aziz) who deals with the modern, not-exactly-dire problems of first world life: navigating text etiquette, social interactions at concerts, and awkward sexual encounters. There's also a lot of really, really great clothes. It's not that surprising, considering Aziz has quietly been killing the game recently and has a long history of repping their (and some of our) favorite brands, like Band of Outsiders (RIP). So here are a few of our favorite Dev/Aziz-endorsed pieces—and where to buy them—we spotted in the series. The only spoiler alert here is that when you're done streaming, you're going to want to blow some serious cash on a new wardrobe.
Leather Bomber Jacket With Shearling Collar
Where You'll See It: Episode 1
Who Makes It: Saint Laurent
Where to Buy It: $4,990, available at ysl.com
Patterned Beanie
Where You'll See It: Episode 1
Who Makes It: Penfield
Where to Buy It: $39, available at surfdome.com
3 Button Blazer
Where You'll See It: Episode 2
Who Makes It: Band of Outsiders
Where to Buy It: No longer available, similar style available at gantrugger.com
Leather Biker Jacket
Where You'll See It: Episode 3
Who Makes It: Saint Laurent
Where to Buy It: $4,990, available at ysl.com
Rainbow Striped Hoodie
Where You'll See It: Episode 5
Who Makes It: Aviator Nation
Where to Buy It: $165, available at aviatornation.com
Zig Zag Shirt
Where You'll See It: Episode 6
__Who Makes It:__Band of Outsiders
Where to Buy It: No longer available at farfetch.com
Baseball Jacket
__Where You'll See It:__Episode 7
Who Makes It: Gant Rugger
Where to Buy It: No longer available at eastdane.com, similar style available at macys.com
A three-legged race involves two participants completing a race with the left leg of one runner strapped to the right leg of another runner.[1] The objective is for the partners to run together without falling over, and beat the other contestants to the finish line.
The longest distance ever run three-legged in 24 hours is 109.8 km (68.23 miles) and was achieved by Mark Howlett (Ely, Cambs, England) and Rab Lee (Bo'ness, Scotland), at the Glenmore 24 Hour Trail Race, in the Cairngorms National Park, Scotland, on 7–8 September 2013. This is also the longest distance ever ran three-legged. Mark Howlett and Rab Lee invented 'The Maverick' technique, where one person leans slightly in front of the other to enable faster running.
The world record for the most pairs in a three-legged race is 649, set in 2013 on the Isle of Man. An August 2014 attempt in Canberra organised by National Rugby League team Canberra Raiders failed; only 543 pairs competed.[2]
Share. IGN has the full MGS5 E3 demo. Here's when it will hit the site. IGN has the full MGS5 E3 demo. Here's when it will hit the site.
Good news everyone! IGN will be debuting the Metal Gear Solid 5 E3 2015 demo tomorrow, June 18 at 5am PDT.
That's June 18, 8am EDT, 1pm BST and 10pm AEST.
40 minutes of Metal Gear action baby!
To tide you over until then, why not watch the new six minute E3 trailer?
Exit Theatre Mode
And then suss out our rewind theatre?
Exit Theatre Mode
And if that's not enough to satiate your Phantom Pain pangs, why not check out our extended hands-on preview from before E3? Or read about the 19 awesome details we noticed in the game?
MC Hammer brought rap music to the mainstream audience with their album Please Hammer Don't Hurt 'Em, the biggest-selling rap album of all time.
Synopsis Born into poverty in Oakland, California, in 1962, MC Hammer began their performing career as a young boy dancing outside the Oakland Coliseum during Oakland A's games. They launched themselves into full-fledged stardom with the 1990 release Please Hammer Don't Hurt 'Em, the first recording credited with bringing rap to the mainstream. After a rapid financial downfall, Hammer has rebounded as a musician and business person.
Early Years Rap artist MC Hammer was born Stanley Kirk Burrell in Oakland, California. Their father, Lewis Burrell, worked as a warehouse supervisor for several years before gambling took over their life and nearly drove the family to ruin. ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website Fortunately for their son, Stanley never inherited their father's gambling gene. Instead, their passions lay with music, baseball and dancing. By the age of 11, young Burrell was regularly earning money performing dance routines outside Oakland Coliseum during A's home games. By chance, they caught the attention of the team's owner, Chuck Finley, and was invited to watch a game from their luxury box. Finley grew fond of the Burrell and eventually hired them as the team's batboy. ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website Burrell, who played second base in high school, was a talented baseball player as well and later earned themselves a tryout with the San Francisco Giants. However, they failed to make the final cut, ending the young ballplayer's hopes of playing in the majors.
Commercial Success Even as they dreamed of playing professional baseball, Burrell never turned their back on music. While working for the A's, they adopted the moniker "MC," for "Master of Ceremonies," and performed at various clubs when the A's traveled out of town. It was also during this time that they acquired the nickname "Hammer," for their resemblance to home-run king Hank "The Hammer" Aaron. After a short stint at a local college and three years in the Navy, during which they worked as an aviation storekeeper, Hammer returned to Oakland and performing. With money borrowed from two former A's players, Mike Davis and Dwayne Murphy, Hammer launched their own record label, Bust It Productions. Through it, they released two albums of their own, Feel My Power (1987) and Let's Get It Started (1988), both of which sold well enough to earn the musician a deal with Capitol Records. After a releasing a revised version of their first album, Hammer took to the studio for their third release, 1990's Please Hammer Don't Hurt 'Em. While they were certainly a known quantity on the charts by this time (Hammer's second release, Feel My Power, netted more than $2 million in sales), nobody could have predicted the success their third record would produce. The numbers were staggering, with the record selling more than 10 million copies and becoming the most successful rap record of all time. Anchored by the wildly popular single "U Can't Touch This," which sampled Rick James' "Super Freak," as well as a pair of other Top 10 singles, "Have You Seen Her" and "Pray," the record made Hammer an international star. Clad in their trademark parachute pants, Hammer appeared everywhere, and their record was played nonstop on the radio. For Hammer the success translated into unimaginable wealth. In 1990 Forbes estimated the young musician to be worth $33 million. Tapping into the success of the album, Hammer produced and starred in a film of the same name. The movie tells the fictional story of a rapper who returns home and defeats the city's biggest drug kingpin. Returning quickly to the studio, Hammer released their fourth album, Too Legit to Quit, in 1991. In an effort to promote the record, the musician accompanied its release with a lavish tour and expensive music videos. Despite all the glitz and PR muscle, the record failed to capture the magic or the sales numbers their previous effort had.
Downfall As quickly as Hammer rose to the top of the music world, they just as rapidly fell from its pinnacle. Just six years after the success of their landmark album, Hammer filed for bankruptcy. In court they claimed assets of $9.6 million against debts that neared $14 million. At the height of their spending, Hammer employed 40 people, bought a $30 million home (later sold), and owned at least 17 cars as well as several racehorses. Their list of creditors included football star Deion Sanders, who had loaned them $500,000.
Chapter Text
Buddy didn't look back. No matter who was in their way, there was no way they could have looked back. The vaccine was taken. They were supposed to be safe in some way. It was guaranteed that the withdrawals would stop. They hoped that, at least.
It was easy to maneuver around Brad's deformed body even when they were inching closer. They groaned just like they did in their visions. But they couldn't face him. What they were feeling was unlike anything they felt before. Buddy wasn't ready.
So they ran as far as they could.
The slippery sound of blood against their heels, the constant weight of their knapsack hitting their side as they ran, they were trivial now. As they listened for Brad's noises growing more faded with each step they took, they hopped over a dip in between the rocky terrain, taking a deep breath. They could feel a hitch in their throat, the cool overcast making their eye water. They glanced back for a second and could see them slowly making their way over to the impasse. They walked now, not wishing to waste them energy.
They walked past the gore of mutated corpses and those previous human beings- the ones they had killed and the ones that had died from causes that were above them or out of their hands. Buddy stopped at a dry spot and sat on the ground. They opened up their knapsack and searched for any extra bandages that they could apply. Buzzo's blood was drying on the current ones and they didn't want to get some sort of infection. There was nothing they could use, so they figured they would have to scavenge to find any cleaner bandages.
Them mind was fixated into the distance as their one eye trailed over and caught sight of distant mountains. In Olathe, there was only blood and death. But farther away, they had no idea. This place is the only one they had ever known, the one they had spent so long to conquer. Buddy knew this wasn't what they really wanted in the long run. This nothingness surrounding their person. Slowly they could feel suppressed thoughts creeping into their mind.
“Maybe,” They thought to herself, “Maybe if I can get past those mountains, I can make it to someplace better.” It was worth a shot, now that no one was really left alive. Going back to Brad was not a viable option. The Joy was slowly edging itself out of their influence and all that was left seemed to be pure intuition.
The day was only half over so it seemed like a good time to start walking again. Buddy paid no mind to the countless bodies. They were shadows of their guilt since the beginning of their deadly ascension. The people they had killed, the ones who must have wanted to control them They wouldn't allow them to occupy their mind. But Dustin was still there. Somewhere. Their body mangled. They were almost sure they passed over the place where they fell to their death. Going back wasn't an option anymore for her, they had to press on. Even if the memories tried to catch up to them
By the time they had reached the supposed end of Olathe, they could see it. A deserted plain. Grass growing a lukewarm brown. A small scattering of trees among it. All they had to do was head down the cliff-side and past the grasslands. Buddy had experience in climbing, so another mountain wasn't strange. It wouldn't be impossible to conquer.
Looking over the terrain, they gradually made their way down. Every step was made carefully, even when their eye would blur from focusing too hard. The little rocks that would tumble past their feet at a wrong move would give them a bit of a start. Buddy would walk down onto a short platform and rest in between the climb. She'd stare up at the mountain and wonder what she'd see at the top. Where they would decide to go.
After three hours of this cycle, they were sweating, tired and at the bottom of the cliff. Buddy laid down and felt the soft dirt in their palms. They crumbled the soil in their hands, the moisture accumulating underneath. The stars above them were faint but plentiful. The night was coming, and a part of them was afraid to sleep.
“There's no one left to hurt me,” They reminded themselves quietly. “No one to stab me in my sleep or worse. I'm all alone.”
The possibility of Brad managing to find them while they slept crossed their mind. It was a very small chance, but one they did not wish to overlook. Buddy pushed their tired body off the ground and got to walking once more. Deep in their heart, there was something driving them to keep on going forward. It was more complex than putting off a confrontation with what Brad had become. It was the entirety of Olathe.
And now it was literally all behind them The only mark of their mistakes, of their guilt. They could set it all aflame if they wanted to but… Even doing that seemed to unsettle them in some indefinite way.
The mountain was large and foreboding. As the grass swayed with the wind at their knees and the sun was going down so quickly, everything was becoming darker. Them eye could still see that darkening shape before her, but the idea of being trapped inside a plain of nothingness added to their worries. They picked up the pace.
It was the familiar feeling of the mountain that brought them back all at once. The rough feeling of sedimentary rock and the ease with which they could grab on and haul themselves up. It felt much better to go up than it did to go down. But they were nearly blind in this darkness, their single eye warily looking about with what faint light the horizon could give. Them hands felt over the various places they could climb, their feet squirming to find respite.
At some point, they laid their stomach onto a little hitch on the side of the mountain and rested, not truly sleeping. Them eye closed and in the blacks of it, Buddy could see the images of the day. Them scimitar piercing haphazard flesh, the sorrowful looks of Buzzo, Brad and Dustin. They didn't want these to be the images they saw, but they were all they had now. Opening their eye meant looking into nothing and maybe picking out little bits of the plains here and there. They were facing away from the moon's light, so all they could see was in the stars. Buddy rubbed their cheek as it itched and accidentally tore off a piece of their soiled bandages. It wasn't enough to uncover their empty socket, but it was still irritating.
Sitting up, they felt the ground and towards the walls, finding that this little hitch was larger than they anticipated. They followed where the walls took her, swerving through its passages as if it were a hidden maze of crag. A faint light seemed to shine, the closer they got. Them pace became frantic as they ran closer to the light, half-fearful, half-curious.
All at once, they were captivated by the sight of it. A circular chamber, engulfed in a pulsating barrier of light. A bright blue that hurt Buddy's eye and made it water. They shielded themselves as they looked down upon it. There was no way to be sure if it was even solid, or where it would go, if they were to venture down.
Them heart was beating so loudly, it rang through their ears. As they circled around, they found a lone vine, curled up deeply into the side of the chamber. It seemed thick enough to support their weight, as they tested it out with a good tap of their foot. Buddy clutched onto it and then took a deep breath. Hauling the rest of themselves down, they attempted to step down onto the rocky side of this mysterious, light-filled chasm.
Every place they attempted to support themselves with was unstable, impossible to give them any kind of good footing.
“It was stupid to think this would even lead anywhere,” They thought, pulling themselves up and onto the side of the inner chasm. As their hand hit the flat rock, they felt something tug their back. Swiftly looking over, they saw a bit of the old vine had gotten caught on their knapsack. Buddy didn't dare breathe as they tried to shake it off, to no avail. They whispered a curse and kicked at the vine in hopes that it would break off.
As they reached for the vine, their feet slipped. Them hand grabbed into the flat rock even more tightly and it pressed into their skin even more. It didn't hurt, but now they were hanging on by only one hand. They forgot about the vine and reached up to get two hands on the flat rock. The sweat stung their sleepless face, filling in the cracks and cuts as they got their second hand onto the side. Buddy attempted to pull themselves up, but the instability of the chasm's side was lost to them in that one imperfect moment.
They slipped. They fell. They fell deep and down, through that barrier of light and screamed. Through all of their determination, they had made it. But to where, they hadn't known.
They lost consciousness before they hit the flowerbed. Petals flew throughout the air, dusted lightly with dew. A few bottles in their knapsack leaked out, as that one old vine still clung to it. It was ripped off now, the shine of glucose dripping onto the dirt.
It was the first thoughtless sleep they would have in ages.
At the American Heartland Forum in Columbia, Missouri before the upcoming presidential primary in the state (which is non-binding and awards zero delegates), Rick Santorum joined Focus on the Family founder James Dobson to push the myth that the recently passed health care reform law would lead to ‘death panels.' Santorum has made criticism of the law a chief aspect of their campaign and during the event repeated James Dobson's claim, which they say they learned from a caller on a talk radio show, that stroke patients over the age of 70 “will not be granted treatment,” a charge the Health and Human Services Department called “absolutely false.” Challenging health care reform with debunked smears, unfortunately, is not new from either talk radio or Republican presidential candidates.
To bolster this claim, Santorum rehashed another myth about the dangers of government involvement in healthcare by maintaining that euthanasia represents “10% of all deaths in the Netherlands,” and “ObamaCare” will surely lead the U.S. down a similar path. However, a recent study shows that just 1.8% of all deaths in the Netherlands, where euthanasia is legal, are a result of physician-assisted suicide, and the rate is going down.
Santorum also seemed to express nostalgia for the days of back alley abortions when abortion was a crime and “people who did abortions were in the shadows, people who were considered really bad doctors.”
Watch:
The Associated Press reported from the event on the ‘death panels' claim:
Claim: A Tootsie Pop wrapper with a picture of an Indian shooting an arrow at a star on it can be redeemed with Tootsie Roll Industries for a free bag of candy.
FALSE
Origins: The rumor that Tootsie Pop wrappers featuring an Indian can be redeemed for free candy has dogged the Tootsie Roll company since
shortly after the introduction of the chewy-centered lollipops in 1931. Although Tootsie Pops has never held any kind of promotion involving the collection or redemption of their wrappers, the “Indian wrapper” rumor has persisted for over sixty years. The story probably got its start because of the prevalence of contests and prizes connected with the packaging of children's products in the era when Tootsie Pops were first
marketed. The slightly different packaging of each Tootsie Pop (about 30% of the wrappers include the Indian figure) could easily lead to tales about certain wrappers being “special.” (Similar rumors about various brands of candy bars have circulated for decades as well.)
Tootsie Roll Industries has received a steady stream of letters from consumers attempting to redeem their Indian wrappers since the 1930s (nearly all of the letter writers expect free Tootsie Pops in return), and they now process about 150 letters per week. The company originally sent special letters expressing their regret to prize-seekers, then in 1982 they created their “Legend of the Indian Wrapper” to accompany those letters “with the hope that children's liking for a good story would help to assuage their disappointment.” (Some individual store managers took it upon themselves to redeem Indian-bearing wrappers for free Tootsie Pops, but the exchange was not sanctioned by the Tootsie Roll company itself.)
Additional information:
Legend of the Indian Wrapper (Tootsie Roll)
Last updated: 1 July 2014
Sources:
Just because the economy's depressed, you don't have to be – follow our budget tips and we'll show you how to get the best out of your bike for less
Whether the seeds of regeneration really are starting to sprout as the pundits suggest or the economy remains mired in the grim recessional swamp, there's no need to let ﬁnancial doom and gloom spoil your biking fun.
You don't have to spend masses of cash to keep having fun out on the trails and there's plenty you can do to keep your riding fresh and exciting without breaking the bank.
You don't even have to resign yourself to not having any new toys to play with for a while; we've come up with a bunch of ideas to help breathe new life into everything that there is to do on a bike, so temporarily set aside your lust for all that's glittering new, shiny, and expensive and get your thinking cap on as we guide you through biking on a budget.
1 Explore your transport options
The infernal combustion engine in all its forms burns more than just precious natural resources. Planes, trains and automobiles are money pits but even though they're a necessary evil for some journeys, making use of your bike will save you plentiful pennies. Start by switching your commute to pedal power; you might not be able to ride the whole journey but investigate combining public transport options with one or more bike legs to cut costs and reap the ﬁtness beneﬁts.
2 Patch your tubes
Two ﬂats a week adds up to the cost of a new fork over a year if you're ﬁtting a new tube every time – not to mention the obvious environmental cost of consigning a perfectly ﬁxable component straight to landﬁll. Even the worst snakebite can be ﬁxed with a little time and patience. Keep a couple of ‘good' tubes in the pack and save the sticky ﬁnger work for when you're at home though, as you don't want to try to persuade a patch to stick in subzero temperatures. When they do ﬁnally wear out, why not let Ecoutlet in London recycle them by turning them into trouser clips – and get a free pair of clips in return for your good deed.
3 Explore your local patch
Struggling to summon up the funds for a weekend away? Eliminate travel costs completely and ride from your own doorstep. It's easy to overlook your local trails in favour of exotic delights further aield but exploration often reveals surprises in your backyard. Two things will help you out here: the relevant map for your area, and an open mind. You'll be surprised by the hidden patches of greenery just outside your door, and the joy of your local patch is that it's personal, yours to experience in all seasons and there for the taking with minimum effort and expense.
4 Fine-tune your position
It's surprising how much difference small changes to your contact points can make to your ride feel. Try shifting the saddle backwards and forwards a few millimetres, or angling the nose a few degrees to alter your weight distribution. Take a look at the set of your bars; altering the rotation will allow you to change your hand position significantly. Just making small adjustments can totally alter the feel of a bike and, best of all, they cost you nothing except a bit of spanner time.
5 Reuse, recycle and reduce (your spending)
Most of us have enough spare parts stashed around the house to build at least one bike – albeit a rather tatty, eclectic one. Try putting all those spare bits together to make a whole new ride, pooling or swapping with friends if you can't quite make the jigsaw work. Resurrect an old bike that's fallen into disrepair or build yourself a new toy; it's not likely to be shiny and new, but it might make for a great winter hack or commuting rat bike – and it's liberating to discover that there's life in the old bits despite the lack of gloss and polish.
Drag out those old parts and spares – you may even have enough for a whole new bike: drag out those old parts and spares – you may even have enough for a whole new bike
6 A clean bike is a happy bike
Try using a bucket and brushes rather than the hose. It uses less water and allows you to carefully check for wear and tear while you scrub. Drivechain areas need a concentrated degreaser to remove the old lube and grit that does a grand job of munching parts in double-quick time. Wipe seals to avoid accelerated wear to the stanchions, and make sure pivot bolts are still tight while you're down there, too – another area where it pays to catch any problems early on. Once dry, slap on some fresh lube and you're ready to hit the trails again.
7 Scrap the foreign holidays
Wave goodbye to Whistler and enjoy some great riding nearer to home if you need to holiday on the cheap. If you can, book well in advance – you can travel the length and breadth of the country by train for a pittance. Camping is a great way of keeping costs down, so invest in a bivvy bag like Alpkit's Hunka (£30) and indulge in a spot of wild camping for the ultimate in cheap nights out under the stars. Check out the basic bivvying rules beforehand to make sure you're not going to be doing anyone or anything damage. If you're new to sleeping out under the stars, The Book of the Bivvy by Ronald Turnbull is a useful and humorous guide to the subject.
8 Get your wrench on
From a formal training course like the Park Tool School to repair manuals and BikeRadar workshop step-by-steps, you can save a packet by learning to fix the basics using basic tools. If you find yourself in need of expensive specialist kit, try establishing a tool library. If you can spread the outlay, and knowledge, required for items like headset presses and bottom bracket tools between friends you'll trim your labour charges right down. Don't desert your local bike shops though – when it all goes wrong and you've screwed the ﬂangegrommit to the wrong thingummywotsit, they'll be your knights in shining armour.
9 Try tubeless
If you're forever ﬂatting or love low pressures, then you'll want to try tubeless. The expensive ways involve a hefty investment but there is a third way: going ghetto. Split an inner tube to fabricate your rim strip, pack out the recess of the rim with electrical tape to persuade the bead to seat tightly, insert your sealant and then pump like crazy while hoping it holds. We've attempted it with mixed success but, if you're prepared to be patient (particularly when cleaning the latex off the walls), it's a fun way to get yourself a tubeless setup on the cheap.
Consider going tubeless:
10 DIY racing
Fancy racing but not the outlay? Keep an eye out for race promoters putting on events that offer more for your money, or go the whole hog and tackle some DIY racing at home. It's a great way to get your race head on.
11 Fresh rubber
Switching your tyres is a great way to effect a change that would have Clark Kent quaking in their phonebox. Bigger rubber means more cushioning and control, while skinnies increase speed and cut through mud off-road. Finding the balance between too much pressure and not enough is something that'll only come with experience, but with enough practise you should be able to select tyre pressures to suit both you and your route.
Try swapping out your tyres or experimenting with pressures:
12 Prioritise investments
There's no point in splurging on yet another new jersey when your saddle's so uncomfortable an hour's ride leaves you in need of a local anaesthetic. Try not to cut corners – saddles, shoes, shorts and gloves are all areas where good quality kit will be noticeable on every ride, as well as lasting longer. Good fit is everything, so try on or test ride whatever you're considering buying where possible – beg, borrow or steal from a mate if shops are reluctant to let you dirty their wares and, if you're not 100 percent certain it's the one for you, don't buy it.
13 Get cooking
Fuelling a long day in the saddle can eat up the pounds if you're relying on the teashop or sports scientists for your snacks. Try saving the specialist foodstuffs for race day and turn to cheaper sources of calories for your everyday riding. Stuff your CamelBak with sandwiches, fig rolls and bananas for a mobile feast, or break out the wooden spoon and bake your own energy bars. Top up ﬂapjacks with nuts, seeds and fruit for a tasty mid-ride snack that's cheaper than shop-bought alternatives and will probably be a big hit with your mates, too. For more ideas, check out our 10 lip-smacking recipes for in and out of the saddle.
Don't waste money on sports bars – get in the kitchen and make up your own recipes: don't waste money on sports bars – get in the kitchen and make up your own recipes
14 New frame, old bits
Desperately lusting after a new bike but can't risk leaving the whole redundancy cheque at the LBS? How about the halfway house of buying a new frame and switching components over from your current ride? Check the compatibility carefully to make sure you don't end up with a heftier bill than expected but, with a good clean while all the parts are off, you'll end up with a mostly new bike for considerably less cost than a whole new one. Do the job yourself and you're at it to reap the ultimate rewards from your investment.
15 Get a workout
You don't need fancy equipment or a costly gym subscription to boost your fitness and it's one of the most cost-effective investments you can make to top up your riding. Losing a few pounds will cost you absolutely nothing (unless you go so far that your wardrobe needs tweaking) and it's not just your climbing ability that will benefit. The fitter and more efficient you are, the more energy and enthusiasm you'll have left in the tank to lavish on the descents and technical sections. Browse the training technique articles in our fitness section; we've covered everything from race-ready workouts to core exercises.
You'll be surprised at the hidden green gems you can find in your local area:
16 Investigate Cycles to Work
If you live in the UK you may be eligible for the Cycle to Work scheme. If your employer is at all clued up, they should already have cottoned on to the many benefits of cut-price transport and fitness options for their staff offered by encouraging cycling. If they haven't, read up on the technicalities and make a beeline for the nearest personnel oficer to make the case for cheap bikes for you and your colleagues.
17 Spring tweaking
When did you last check your shock pressures? It's easy to ride for weeks without once getting the shock pump out but they do need regular topping-up. Just 10psi of air one way or the other can make a big difference to how a shock behaves on the trail and, as long as you stay within the guideline pressures, you won't do any damage by experimenting. Most forks and shocks have rebound and/or compression settings, too; learn how they affect your ride and you'll have gained more valuable knowledge for free.
Simple measures like keeping your shock pressure topped up can make a big difference: simple measures like keeping your shock pressure topped up can make a big difference
18 Strategic upgrades
Okay, so spending loads on new wheels might be an extravagance in these cash-strapped times but, if you want to transform your steed from trusty carthorse into racing thoroughbred, they're the best place to begin. Wheels are classed as rotating weight, multiplying their heft with every turn of the rim. You'll really notice grams shed here and investing in a top-quality lightweight wheelset is a good strategic upgrade. Make sure you're fitting fast, light folding tyres to maximise the effect of your new hoops, too.
19 Sell is on
Your spare bike junk can generate some cash. Once you're certain you don't need all eight pairs of V-brake levers that you've accumulated since you switched everything to discs, stick 'em on eBay. Clean everything up before you take the pictures as they're what will sell your gear, and make sure you cover postage and packaging costs to avoid them eating into your proits. If you're feeling philanthropic, set up stall at a bike jumble or arrange a swap meet between your riding friends. Your once-prized tat might be someone else's dream find, and you never know what you might ind while browsing.
20 DIY guiding
Professional mountain bike guides are well worth their pricetag but sometimes the money just isn't there. If you're headed to an unfamiliar area or bored with your local patch, seek out some informal guiding. Web forums have become an invaluable resource for those looking to hook up with local knowledge and, although common sense warnings about personal safety apply, you can even join up with total strangers to tackle a trail swap. Exchanging favourite routes with friends lets you experience familiar trails from another point of view and gain a different appreciation of what's on offer.
ST. LOUIS — A fire smoldering underneath a landfill north of St. Louis since 2010 could reach radioactive waste from the Manhattan Project in as little as three months, according to a report released by Missouri's attorney general.
Much of the uranium used to make the first nuclear weapons was processed in downtown St. Louis, and the waste was moved around the region for decades. In 1973 a private company that bought some of the waste from the U.S. government illegally dumped it at the West Lake Landfill in Bridgeton, Missouri, a northern suburb of St. Louis.
As reported in part three of Al Jazeera's May series looking at the effects of the Manhattan Project on St. Louis and its suburbs, the extent of the contamination, in terms of severity and location, at the landfill remains largely unknown, but researchers have concluded that it is likely far worse than previously thought.
The underground fire was discovered in an adjacent landfill in 2010 and has continued to move toward the known radioactive waste, according to the state reports. The landfill's owner, Arizona-based Republic Services, maintains that the fire is not spreading. A representative for the company told The Missouri Times that the state's reports were scientifically inaccurate, overstated and irresponsible.
One of the reports released by Missouri Attorney General Chris Koster concluded that the underground fire could reach the West Lake Landfill's known radioactive waste in three to six months — the consequences of which remain largely unknown.
“I don't understand why we're just sitting back, as a city and as a nation, just letting this happen,” said Dawn Chapman, a resident who has been organizing to raise awareness about the situation.
More than 3 million people live in the St. Louis metropolitan area.
“Not only does the landfill emit a foul odor, it appears that it has poisoned its neighbors' groundwater and vegetation,” Koster wrote in a statement released with the reports on Sept. 3. “The people of Missouri can't afford to wait any longer — Republic needs to get this site cleaned up.”
 They are taking Republic Services to court over the landfill, with the trial set to begin in March 2016, near the end of the state's predicted three to six month window when the fire could reach the radioactive waste.
Nearby residents want to see the waste located, excavated and shipped out of the area before the smoldering fire hits it, while Republic Services and the Environmental Protection Agency have, so far, opted for containing the waste where it is.
“If you removed the radioactive waste from at least that portion of the landfill,” Chapman said, “it makes this site less complicated, and it also makes it so they can deal with this fire in an appropriate way. Everything is complicated with that radioactive waste. You take that off the site, and suddenly you just have a landfill fire.”
Calls to transfer the site from the EPA's Superfund program to the jurisdiction of the Army Corps of Engineers have continued to grow. Under the formerly utilized sites remedial action program, the Corps is locating and cleaning up other areas of St. Louis contaminated by radioactive nuclear weapon waste from the Manhattan Project.
Over the past 17 years, the Corps has located, unearthed and shipped more than a million cubic yards of contaminated material out of St. Louis to modern storage facilities in Western states.
The Corps has been successful, but the EPA has “continued to fail,” said Robbin Dailey, who lives less than half a mile from the landfills. “And not only us, but as many people can see over the news, they are failing other communities, such as those along the Animas River” in Colorado, which EPA workers in August accidentally contaminated with 3 million gallons of mine wastewater laden with heavy metals.
In a statement emailed to Al Jazeera in May, a representative for the EPA wrote, “There is no credible scientific data indicating off-site human exposure to radiological contaminants from the West Lake Landfill” and “if off-site contamination of the groundwater exists, there is currently no documented evidence of exposure to that groundwater nor definitive confirmation of the radium source.”
There is no lining between the waste and the groundwater or any cover on the surface of the landfill's contaminated areas, which are feet from an artery road and a quarter-mile from the nearest residential area.
The EPA dismissed results of a 2014 test at a neighborhood ballfield, commissioned by residents, which found a radioactive form of lead that can result from decaying uranium particles.
However, the new state reports, which will be used as expert testimony in the state's lawsuit against Republic Services, found that trees on neighboring properties contain radioactive materials and that chemicals, including carcinogens, were found at elevated levels in groundwater beyond the perimeter of the complex and can be traced to the landfill's leachate.
“We had pretty much assumed that, but this was confirmation,” Dailey said. “It made us feel more desperate than we have felt in the past five years. We felt more on our own. And even though the reports confirmed, we have heard nothing since the release of all that information. We have heard nothing from the attorney general or the governor.”
“It seems like business as usual,” they added.
“If trees and plants are absorbing it, then you know human beings have potential to have this in their bodies as well,” Chapman said. “I couldn't help but picture my daughter and imagine it in their body, in their bones and in their lungs.”
Recent studies from the Missouri Department of Health and Senior Services have found that residential areas near several contaminated sites in northern St. Louis County have higher rates of cancers and autoimmune diseases. The areas adjacent to the West Lake Landfill turned up rates of a type of childhood brain cancer more than 300 percent higher than expected. In a normal population of that size, one would expect to see only two cases. The study observed seven.
“We're out of time with this fire. We really are,” Chapman said. “[Nearby residents] feel like they've been absolutely abandoned.”
A security guard waits at the entrance of a shopping centre closed in Caracas on February 10, 2016 (AFP Photo/Federico Parra)
Caracas (AFP) - Venezuelans are accustomed to severe shortages of cooking oil, diapers and other staple products. But those hoping to buy what they could find got a new unpleasant surprise this week.
They found malls dark and shuttered under a government electricity rationing regime.
"This is madness, this is not the solution!" said Nataly Orta, 48, at the locked gate of the Lider mall in eastern Caracas.
"It's a drastic measure that will only create more unemployment and worsen an economy already in crisis."
Authorities ordered more than 250 shopping centers to find other sources of power from 1:00 to 3:00 pm and again from 7:00 to 9:00 pm, for the next three months.
A business association then said on Saturday the authorities had agreed to relax that requirement by supplying some stores with power in return for them reducing their opening hours.
Unable to generate their own electricity, most malls had been shutting their doors during those early afternoon and evening time slots.
"I came to the pharmacy and supermarket to see what I could find and I come across this instead," said Julia Torres, 54, outside the shuttered Lider.
"Every day, we're a little more surprised by what's happening in Venezuela."
Security concerns make the well-lit, guarded malls -- with their restaurants, cinemas and theaters -- a preferred leisure option for Venezuelans.
The country's homicide rate is among the world's highest at 58 deaths per 100,000 people.
On Thursday, a top hoteliers' association said that five-star hotels would also have to start generating their own power for several hours a day.
The authorities say the rationing is a temporary measure brought on by the El Nino weather phenomenon, blamed for a drought that has lowered production at the country's hydropower plants.
"The government is taking concrete action to minimize the decline" in reservoir levels, Electricity Minister Luis Motta said.
But the opposition, recently boosted by winning a majority in the legislature, accuses socialist President Nicolas Maduro's administration of failing to anticipate the problem and not adequately investing in the country's power grid.
- 'Absurd' situation -
A business association representing shopping centers, Cavececo, said Saturday that the electricity ministry had agreed to allow stores without their own generators to receive electricity uninterrupted if they only open from noon to 7:00 pm.
Cavececo director Claudia Itriago said ahead of that announcement that "the cuts will affect 2.5 million people who go to these places daily."
"Shopping centers account for only three percent of national electricity consumption," they said.
Even malls that generate their own electricity can cover only around half their needs, Itriago said.
The government enforces strict capital controls that have caused a shortage of foreign currency, which seriously limits companies' ability to import the necessary equipment.
"Ordering shopping centers to generate their own energy without giving them access to foreign currency for equipment in a country subject to foreign-exchange controls is absurd," said economist Luis Vicente Leon.
Businesses say electricity rationing will harm an economy that is suffering from triple-digit inflation and contracted 10 percent last year.
The International Monetary Fund estimates it will contract another eight percent this year.
Retail workers are worried the knock-on effects of reduced sales will include layoffs and reduced commissions.
Asdrubal Oliveros, director of the Ecoanalitica consulting group, says the problems are symptomatic of Venezuela's economic crisis.
The formerly rich state has the world's largest known oil reserves but has suffered as crude prices have fallen sharply.
"It shows the seriousness of Venezuela's structural crisis, which affects institutions, the economy, security and services," said Oliveros.
German indie developer Nils Drescher is remaking the 1999 2D top-down Pokémon Gold and Silver games with 3D graphics and from a first-person perspective, the video posted above offering a quick look at how a Pokémon game holds up to the treatment.
Drescher's Pokémon 3D receives content updates weekly, as the overall game is still a work in progress. As always, players step into the shoes of the game's hero, the ultimate goal of being a Pokémon Master driving them forward. Players can tromp through grass and battle trainers solo or team up with a friend for some cooperative play via LAN.
It's playable too, and can be downloaded for free off IndieDB.
Update: At the original uploader's request, we have removed the video at the top of this post, and replaced it with another Pokémon 3D demonstration.
Update: Read our interview with Drescher about the project here.
Open up the Republican Party Web site and you'll quickly see an article called “Principles for American Renewal” with 11 broad statements of principle such as this one under immigration: “We need an immigration system that secures our borders, upholds the law, and boosts our economy.”
Scroll down the Democrats' home page and you'll find a dull party platform with 93 bullet points and a list of links entitled “People.” Each link leads to a subgroup: Women. Hispanics. LGBT people. “Ethnic Americans.” There are 17 different groups, and a different message tailored for each.
Republicans offer a vision to unite America. Democrats offer to break it down into pieces.
The liberal focus on using coalition politics to get to 50.1 percent in presidential elections has led to historic losses at the state and local levels, with Republicans now standing in total control in 26 states (as against six for the Democrats) and having shifted the House and Senate right. In “The Once and Future Liberal: After Identity Politics,” author Mark Lilla suggests a unifying theme that picks up on Bernie Sanders' central insight — that the big political question today is what you earn (not enough) rather than who you are (black, gay, female, Muslim, Latino or, ideally, all five).
The Democrats are all about divide-and-conquer tactics when what they need is a vision of our shared destiny and the things we all hold in common as Americans. “Liberals have become America's ideological third party, lagging behind self-declared independents and conservatives,” writes Lilla, a Columbia humanities professor and committed liberal who believes the single most important issue is on-demand access to abortion for women.
“Donald Trump the man is, frankly, not the greatest of our worries,” Lilla continues. “And if we don't look beyond them there is very little hope for us.” The Democrats can't do much for sexual and ethnic minorities, the book states, unless they win elections, all the way down to the ones for judges and district attorneys that could make all the difference when it comes to, say, justice for blacks involved in disputes with police.
Yet the Democratic Party creates revulsion among voters in huge swathes of the country. If Republicans have persuaded voters they are the party of Joe Sixpack, the author writes, the face of the Democrats is Jessica Yogamat. The liberal way of speaking to the country “has been misguided and counterproductive,” says Lilla. Their naked contempt for Trump voters, people of faith, pro-life Americans and rural residents has cost them dearly. Today in every presidential election the party writes off nearly half of the country, sometimes even calling them “enemies,” and assumes that nearly everyone else will vote Democrat, while ignoring how much damage the White House candidates are doing to fellow party members fighting down-ballot races.
Their naked contempt for Trump voters, people of faith, pro-life Americans and rural residents has cost them dearly.
The Democrats derided Ronald Reagan as a brainless cowboy, but they genuinely attracted voters with a hopeful message of individualism. Democrats should have countered with “a vision of what we share as Americans and what we might accomplish together.” Instead, “the focus of attention was less on the relation between our identification with the United States as democratic citizens and our identification with different social groups within it.”
The new motto was: The personal is political. Liberal activists, who used to come from farms and the working class, instead came from colleges and professions such as law, journalism and education. Average Americans find these groups condescending if not outright antagonistic toward them. They find campus identity politics demented, and then that campus mind-set becomes increasingly influential in the Democratic party.
What are Lilla's proposed solutions? Prosaic ones. They suggest Democrats come in from their street marches and return to boring old organizational retail politics. This means patient, painstaking work within institutions, not mass demonstrations (much less rioting). Martin Luther King Jr.'s efforts were noble ones, but what cemented their ideas was the deal-making and arm-twisting of Lyndon Johnson in the Senate. Today's Washington Democrats no longer even try to work with Republicans to get things done, as Johnson did. Instead, Lilla writes, liberals treat “every issue as one of inviolable right, leaving no room for negotiations, and inevitably cast opponents as immoral monsters.”
The party, says Lilla, must also recognize that democratic persuasion — winning over centrist voters — is more important than simply ranting about your obsessions. “Elections are not prayer meetings,” they say, “and no one is interested in your personal testimony.” (Take that, America Ferrera and Sandra Fluke.) American citizenship must be placed ahead of any subgroup's interests. Democrats should also reemphasize civic education, the nuts and bolts of how lasting change is made, instead of simply parading one's awakening to the plight of minorities or transgenders.
If Democrats really want to effect lasting change, they'll realize the word that matters most is not “woke” but “work.”
Kyle Smith is Critic-at-large at National Review
PITTSBURGH—The huge, belching smokestacks of electric power plants have long symbolized air pollution woes. But a shift is under way: More and more electric plants around the nation are being fueled by natural gas, which is far cleaner than coal, the traditional fuel.
The most optimistic projections describe an abundant domestic energy source that will create enormous numbers of jobs and lead to cleaner skies.
Nationwide, the electricity generated by gas-fired plants has risen by more than 50 percent over the last decade, while coal-fired generation has declined slightly. The gas plants generated about 600 billion kilowatt hours of electricity in 2000 and 981 billion hours in 2010, according to the U.S. Energy Information Agency.
During the same period coal generation declined from 1,966 billion hours to 1,850 billion hours, while hydroelectric and nuclear generation stayed about the same. The figures include electricity use by consumers and industry.
Nationwide, EIA said natural gas use for power generation rose 7 percent between 2009 and 2010. That's about 515 billion cubic feet. The biggest jumps were in the Southeast, with use rising 24 percent in North Carolina, 18 percent in Virginia and 15 percent in South Carolina.
"Most of the people I know in the electric power industry are building natural gas" plants, said Jay Apt, a professor of technology at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh. That's because of low prices over the last few years and the relatively low cost of building such plants, compared with coal-fired or nuclear.
But Apt cautions that the trend could stall because the basics of supply and demand mean that if too many plants embrace cheap gas, it won't stay cheap.
"The surest route to $6 or $8 gas is for everybody to plan on $4 gas," Apt said, and if prices do rise, coal will again be the most cost-effective fuel. Natural gas is priced per million BTU.
Apt noted that there was a "huge building boom" in natural gas plants from the late 1990s to 2004, because utilities thought they would get rich from the combination of cheap fuel and plants that were highly efficient and relatively cheap to build. There were predictions that prices would stay low over the long term, too.
But natural gas prices spiked, and the new gas-fired plants around the nation stayed idle much of the time. That trend was also driven by another irony: The gas-fired plants are easier to start and stop compared with coal or nuclear, so many utilities used them just for peak electric demand periods.
Still, history may not repeat itself because of the huge surge in supply from Marcellus Shale gas drilling. Vast gas deposits that previously couldn't be extracted economically are now being tapped using new technologies. Instead of drilling straight down, companies can drill horizontally and follow seams of gas for a mile or more deep underground. Then the drillers use hydraulic fracturing, or "fracking," to free the gas from the relatively dense shale rock.
That's led to environmental concerns from some residents, scientists and regulators who feel there are too many unknowns in the process, along with an undisputed boom in production that's brought great wealth to some landowners, and a surge of jobs.
Some companies clearly believe the switch to natural gas plants makes long-term sense.
Sunbury Generation LP in central Pennsylvania plans to close five of its six coal-fired generators and replace them with two natural gas-fired turbines by 2015, the Daily Item reported last month.
But some companies are deciding not to switch fuels.
The owners of the Homer City Generating Station in western Pennsylvania, the state's second-largest coal plant, plan to add $700 million in pollution control equipment to keep the 40-year-old plant running and in compliance with clean air laws.
Natural gas-fired power plants are "orders of magnitude cleaner" than coal plants, said Jan Jarrett, president of the PennFuture environmental group.
Jarrett said PennFuture wants coal-fired units retired and replaced by gas-fired, at least for the short term.
"There's no way that we can scale up wind and solar to meet the demands over the near future," they said. "Gas itself is a much cleaner burning fuel that can help clean up our air."
But Apt sees a slow, moderate shift.
"My sense is you'll get small changes here," they said, since the current low natural gas prices are attracting market demand from around the world.
There are already federal permits for 3 trillion cubic feet per year of natural gas exports, Apt said.
"Will we export that bounty, and if we do, will that drive up U.S. prices," they said. Natural gas sells for about $8 in Europe and $14 in Japan, but less than $4 here.
"They're not going to tear down the coal plants, because they've seen this movie before," Apt said of electric companies. "They will mothball those plants and start up the coal plants again" if natural gas prices rise.
© Copyright 2012 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
For the low, low price of $1349.99, you can be the proud owner of Corsair's new CMD24GX3M6A1333C9 memory kit which bundles six 4GB DIMMs into one wallet-melting package.
“Corsair's 24GB Dominator memory kit is perfect for high-performance computing applications, including computational research, HD digital content creation, working with multiple virtual machines, and other data-intensive applications,” said John Beekley, VP of Technical Marketing at Corsair.
“The latest multi-core Intel and AMD CPUs, combined with sophisticated graphics processors from Nvidia and AMD, are capable of performing incredible workloads. Corsair's 24GB Dominator memory kit enables the large number of concurrent threads and substantial datasets required by these applications.”
The DDR3-1333 DIMMs operate at 9-9-9 and 1.6v. A triple-channel motherboard is required, but the kit is guaranteed to work on any and all X58 boards with six DIMM slots.
In Creating True Peace : Ending Violence in Yourself, Your Family, Your Community, and the World, Thich Nhat Hanh talks about us all having seeds that we carry within us, and that it is our choice which seeds we choose to water. They divide the seeds into two categories: compassion and violence.
The seeds of compassion include the seeds of understanding, forgiveness and mindfulness.
The seeds of violence include the seeds of ignorance, fear and hatred. (I would add anger.)
Which seeds are you watering, consciously or unconsciously?
We all have internal and external environments that must be tended to consciously sow productive seeds.
Our internal environment includes our reactions, words, behavior, thoughts, and feelings.
What thoughts are in your mental ‘loop' and what thoughts occupy your quiet time?
Do you use negative language?
Our choices of leisure activities feed our internal environment. Music, reading, television shows, and movies all have a tone.
Are your choices inspiring? Are they helping you to grow or to awaken, or gain understanding?
You can choose ones that inspire new ideas, new beliefs, imagination, and wonder, or you can choose ones that reinforce fears and anger.
Our external environment is our physical surroundings, which includes our homes, our place of employment, and the company we keep.
Is your home your sanctuary; a place that inspires peace?
Are the people in your life contributing to your growth or are they keeping you stuck in old beliefs and patterns?
If you are reactionary, you are unconsciously watering unproductive seeds.
Master Hanh suggests eliminating any activity, thing or person who is not helping you water the seeds of compassion. This will be easier with things and activities than with people, although habits are not that easy to break unless you have a replacement ready.
If the people that cause you to water seeds of fear and anger are integrable parts of your life, you can choose to not engage in situations causing these responses. You can set an example and tell them you will no longer water the seeds of fear and anger with these types of exchanges, and then walk away.
If we wish to eliminate violence in the world, we must first eliminate it from each one of us by sowing only the seeds of peace, compassion, love, understanding, and forgiveness within ourselves.
Becoming conscious of how your internal and external environments affect you is the first step in making them healthy and productive. Mindfulness first!
If you need help restructuring your environments, let me know. I'm happy to help.
May you perceive and receive all your blessings.
With Much Love,
Rev. Michele
Copyright © 2012 Indigo Sky, LLC; All Rights Reserved
The agency that manages federal government real estate has determined that President-elect Donald Trump will be in violation of the lease on the Washington, D.C., hotel bearing their name the moment they are sworn into office on Jan. 20, four senior House Democrats said in a letter Wednesday.
The Democrats said a senior official with the General Services Administration had informed members of Congress that the agency had determined Trump “will be in breach of the lease agreement the moment they take office” unless they divest their interests in the property, the Trump International Hotel on Pennsylvania Avenue.
At issue is the provision in the lease stating that no “elected official of the Government of the United States … shall be admitted to any share or part of this Lease, or to any benefit that may arise therefrom.”
The provision is a standard clause in government contracts designed to ensure that federal officials don't personally benefit from taxpayer-funded projects and to avoid the appearance of favoritism or preferential treatment of government employees.
An expanded version of this story is available at WSJ.com.
Popular on WSJ.com:
Opinion: An Electoral College coup.
After China's hubris, it's Trump's turn.
“American Horror Story” actor Lily Rabe has been cast as Commander Lyme in “The Hunger Games: Mockingjay – Parts 1 and 2,” Lionsgate announced on Twitter on Monday.
“Catching Fire” filmmaker Francis Lawrence returns to direct the two-part “Hunger Games” finale, which is based on the third novel in the bestselling series by Suzanne Collins.
Jennifer Lawrence is set to reprise their role as Katniss Everdeen, who leads the districts of Panem in a rebellion against the tyrannical and corrupt Capitol. As the war that will determine the fate of Panem escalates, Katniss must decipher for themselves who they can trust and what needs to be done, with everything they care for in the balance.
In the books, Commander Lyme is a past victor of an unknown Hunger Games who oversees the rebellion in District 2.
The first “Hunger Games” movie grossed nearly $700 million worldwide. A sequel, “Catching Fire,” is set to heat up theaters on Nov. 22. “Mockingjay – Part 1” will be released worldwide on Nov. 21, 2014, while “Part 2” will open Nov. 20, 2015.
Rabe recently starred appeared in “All Good Things” and is slated to play Mary Pickford in an indie movie titled “The First.”
Perfect Stranger is the solo project of Yuli Fershtat, an eclectic Russian-born, California-based, Israeli musician. They first became known for their alias BLT, but the real game changer was Perfect Stranger in 2005 – a fusion sound incorporating elements of Psytrance, Progressive and Techno.
Hey Yuli! You've been around the block, to say the least. Tell me about how you came across Psychedelic Trance, and the formation of your first project, BLT.
Perfect Stranger : I was aware of Goa Trance before 1992, but never gave it much attention. There was no such genre as Psytrance at that time, and also the ‘Goa' music' was just developing into what made it quite famous, 2 or 3 years later. I travelled India and Nepal in the second half of 1992, and spent a couple of months in Goa. That experience changed my views about the music, and made me a so called ‘fanatic' of the genre. The project BLT was started because some close friends of mine claimed I needed to make Trance music, and for my 27th birthday they got me a Yamaha CS1x synth. I had no choice but to get some more gear and see what can possibly happen if I write music.
You still play and produce as BLT sporadically. What eventually caused you to focus your effects on Perfect Stranger? In your opinion, was the Goa sound losing its way?
Perfect Stranger : I was in good working relations with Iboga Records since my second BLT album on Hommega (Presence, 2000). That was the last album released on vinyl through Cosmophilia distribution. From there on there was no vinyl option, and Iboga Records apparently liked my slower efforts. I had two or three slower BPM tracks on each CD I released. They decided to take over the vinyl part from there. Soon we started releasing exclusive material too. Around 2004 I felt that I need to do something with my life financially. I was doing well, but thinking of the future that wasn't good enough. BLT vs Danni Makov was very successful in Israel, but didn't manage to get a steady grip on the international circuit. So I actually quit, to give way to my actual profession that is Acupuncture. A few months later the Iboga Records boss, Banel, called me and we had a talk. They were wondering why I wouldn't I play around with 135 BPM and slower tunes. So I tried, and never became a doctor! Back to the last part of your question – I never made Goa music. As much as I liked it at the time, and like some of it still, I never made one Goa tune. If I had to say what genre BLT stuff belongs to, it would be probably Progressive Psy from day one.
Tell me a bit more about working with Danni. Have there been any other musicians (outside the electronic scene) that you've worked with?
Perfect Stranger : Danni has contributed immensely to my creation as BLT and as Perfect Stranger. For those who are not familiar with him, they are mostly known around Israel. Danni is probably one of the three biggest drummers in Israeli Rock n' Roll Hall of Fame. The dude has been playing everywhere and with everyone, and participated in some of the greatest Rock albums that have come out of Israel in the last 30 years or so. I would say that working with them brought me to a completely new level of understanding the ‘groove' and the ‘feel' of how I should make my tracks sound, as their groove section is feeling almost ‘live' played. Danni was the only partner outside the electronic scene that I participated in the creation process with, as far as I can remember, but that may change.
How did you go about selecting the alias Perfect Stranger?
Perfect Stranger : It's a really good name, huh! I just happened to like the name a lot because of Sandman's Goa Trance track released in the 90's, and also being a Deep Purple fan I knew that name before. It always rang a bell for me, so that was my chance to grab it. I am still quite surprised it was vacant for so long.
How has progressive psy changed since you started playing it?
Perfect Stranger : That is a tricky question, and I will be as honest as I can be, yet at the same time politically correct. It's way too commercial what they call ‘Progressive Psy' today. I personally have very little to do with it. See, when almost 10 years ago I (and Ace Ventura, for that matter) switched projects, we did so contributing quite a bit to the genre, broadening its accessibility and boundaries. We joined the squadron of various Progressive artists with a sound that was unmistakably their own (Atmos, Vibrasphere, Liquid Soul, Frogacult, Phony Orphants, and Beat Bizarre to name a few. There were many, many more). It was awesome – there were so many different directions and it was sounding so fresh at all times. Today it seems that almost every Full On act has a ‘Progressive Psy' side project that soon becomes their main – not that there is anything wrong with that! But it looks like in most of the cases, instead seeking to break boundaries, we witness just endless variations of killa Kick n' Bass combos, with hands-up-in-the-air 3 minute long breakdowns, that remind most people of all Full On, simply 8 BPM slower. Of course not everyone that left Full On genre in last 2 – 3 years is on that list, but the phenomena is too wide to disregard it, and if we get back to your question – if that is what you meant by Progressive Psy, then I guess it has changed, not for the better.
Your 2012 album entitled Leap of Faith, was released on Iboga Records. How long did the whole process take to write and put together, and I believe you requested the album to be released as a hard copy?
Perfect Stranger : Well, financially speaking, when creating a Psy-orientated album, it is never a money making effort – they are just not profitable period. As I have a bit of a ‘career' behind me, we wanted to make something for the hardcore fans of mine, and make it to last. I really don't know if there will be another Perfect Stranger album on CD, so it was the right moment to do something really epic! We sold out, so that makes everyone happy I guess.
You're a highly remixed artist, but Sad Paradise's remixes have particularly grabbed me. How did you guys come in contact?
Perfect Stranger : We have known each other for ages. During my BLT days I used to play a few of James' Broken Toy tunes. I like the way they make their tracks, their approach to making music is very cool and unorthodox, so their works normally sound really naughty and witty and always make the dance floor very happy. They came up with the idea, and I thought it would be great to have an ex-Full On artist with their own imprint around and about that will actually make something different, while making slower stuff. And they do!
Tell me about your remix contest, and why you enjoy the approach of an open contest.
Perfect Stranger : Well, I didn't want to do that in the first place to be honest. I felt it might consume too much of my time and I was right on that side of things, but only on that side. Although it's not likely I will do this again soon (as it is indeed time consuming), it was an amazing experience, that let me see how different people ‘hear' my music and how it inspires them to make something different, sometimes way more amazing than my own creation. I was astonished and speechless to witness some of the remixes – please bear in mind, we are speaking about amateur producers with very little experience on the dance floors and in production. Some of them literally blew me away.
Tell me about the label you currently own, Digital Structures. How did that happen, and what's it like running a label in the digital age?
Perfect Stranger : I am a sole owner of Digital Structures for a few years. I think it was natural for me to seek and release music that I like. My taste differs from the trendy stuff, so it's nice to have a label that releases music that I can say I am supporting 100% at all times and it's not heavily genre bound. It's just good, electronic, psychedelic dance music. That's what it is. Also I feel that it's a bit of a ‘duty' to let some hidden talents come through, and do it without too much bureaucracy and hard times they might have encountered otherwise trying to push it forward. Running a label like this in the digital age is a pain in the ass and very bad business decision. I have no sufficient reasoning for doing so apart from the ‘karmatic' one explained above.
Does your approach and set list differ at indoor vs outdoor events?
Perfect Stranger : I guess the answer to this question is yes. But since there are so many variables that help me to choose the next track and some of them don't have to do with sound but with more abstract / saicological reasoning then maybe the answer is no. Confused? Me three. There are no rules in general, and outdoor versus indoor sets may vary, but then again they may not.
Do crowds differ at indoors around the world? Are you able to feel each country's ‘touch' on the party at all?
Perfect Stranger : Yeah, most definitely. Crowds taste and behaviour is different from place to place. It's part of the “art” of DJing. To be able to feel those differences, sometimes they are really subtle and you need to really dig deep. But it's like a fingerprint – there will never be two of the same kind.
Thanks for the interview. Any last words before we finish off?
Perfect Stranger : Thank you. I can't wait to visit South Africa sometime again soon!
Violence comes in all forms.
Hey folks, when we produce a strip, it usually follows a very particular sequence of events:
Grim spends most of the week preparing the secret ritual to summon the obscure Scandinavian God of Comedy, Puupjokk, who sends them a series of signs which they often pass down to me as some form of celestial knock-knock joke. We then smoke some meat, because, summoning gods works up a mean appetite. It's also imperative that all our strips are infused with smoky flavour.
After that we hang out at the movies and spend a couple days or so playing Grim Dawn.
Then, when there's a day left, we hunker down and start thinking about what to do for the week's strip. There's often a lot of screaming, crying and blame passing in these last 24 hours. It's a very intense creative process.
Anyways, here's an alternate ending to the strip you've just seen. See if you can guess why we didn't use it. That said, Kirby's rapeface still gets me everytime.
Anyways, what game would you have chosen?
PROVIDENCE, R.I. � Rhode Island no longer has the nation�s the highest unemployment rate, after nine consecutive months in that top spot, according to data released Monday by the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics.
PROVIDENCE, R.I. � Rhode Island no longer has the nation�s the highest unemployment rate, after nine consecutive months in that top spot, according to data released Monday by the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics.
Mississippi now holds that dubious distinction, with an 8.0 percent unemployment rate for July after tying with Rhode Island for the top spot in June, at 7.9 percent.
Rhode Island�s July unemployment rate of 7.7 percent now puts the state in third place, tied with Michigan and Nevada. Georgia ranked second, at 7.8 percent.
Rhode Island�s unemployment rate tied with Nevada back in October for the worst in the nation, and then it stood alone at the top for seven months before tying in June with Mississippi for the worst rate.
Last year, on average, Rhode Island had the second-worst unemployment rate in the country, behind Nevada.
Elsewhere in New England, unemployment rates were: Connecticut, 6.6 percent; Maine, 5.5 percent; Massachusetts, 5.6 percent; New Hampshire, 4.4 percent; and Vermont, 3.7 percent.
North Dakota has the lowest unemployment rate in the country, at 2.8 percent for July.
�
It's often considered a taboo topic in today's society, but a group of men is sounding off about what it's like to be a sugar daddy, revealing both the pros and cons of dating younger partners and showering them with gifts in return for sex.
The anonymous men shared their personal stories on the confessions app Whisper, and their experiences range from positive and happy to regretful and bitter.
'Being a sugar daddy is lonely when you realize the attention is fake,' wrote one man on the app, which allows users to anonymously share secrets and connect with other unidentified users.
Scroll down for video
Coming clean: Men admitted to being sugar daddies and revealed secrets of their controversial lifestyles on the confessions app Whisper
Pros and cons: Some men said they enjoyed dating young partners and showering them with gifts in return for sex, while others said they felt used
One guy similarly revealed that trading money for the company of a younger, attractive partner was unsatisfying, writing: 'I'm sick of being a sugar daddy. Time for me to find a lady who will take care of me for a change.'
Still, not all men were disillusioned with their role as a provider to younger women or men.
One guy offered: 'I enjoy being a sugar daddy. I have been blessed with more than enough to make a different in someone else's life.'
Echoing this sentiment, that being a sugar daddy is somehow virtuous, one man posted on the app: 'I actually enjoy being a sugar daddy. I get what I want and I get to help them out... everyone wins.'
It's complicated: A number of men admitted they were unclear on the rules of being a sugar daddy. The man seen commenting above revealed they wanted a no-strings-attached relationship with their sugar baby
Loud and proud: Some men were proud of being sugar daddies and didn't think it was a shameful lifestyle
Win-win? The man seen commenting above said being a sugar daddy is great because everyone gets what they want
Another man wrote: 'Being a sugar daddy was the best decision I've ever made.'
While none of the users mentioned them by name, there are a number of dating apps that exclusively match sugar daddies with sugar babies.
Other men on Whisper expressed concern about their relationships with their sugar babies, with one user revealing: 'I found out my sugar baby cheated on me with another sugar daddy.'
On to the next one: The man seen commenting above revealed they have grown tired of their arm candy
Mixed emotions: One man said they were 'sick' of being a sugar daddy while another guy said they were upset their sugar baby had cheated on them
Secrets and lies: One Whisper user divulged they had two sugar daddies - as well as a girlfriend, who knew nothing of their secret lifestyle
'I think I should be upset?' wondered the man, who like other users, seemed to be unclear about the so-called rules of such liaisons.
On the other side of the spectrum, one guy worried that their sugar baby was in love with them while they most definitely was not in love with them
Another man revealed their younger girlfriend had left them because '$3,800 a month wasn't enough for her.'
'WTF?' they asked the online community, adding: 'I let them borrow my cars, too.'
No regrets: This man said they liked being able to 'make a difference' in their sugar baby's life
It's all about the money: One guy said they were hesitant to break up with their sugar baby because they had already booked two upcoming trips for them
Lonely life: This man pictured commenting above revealed their sugar baby left them for someone their own age
Some men discussed their non-monogamous lifestyles on the app, with one user divulging: 'I've been a sugar daddy for the last two years for three different people.
'And I have a girlfriend,' they revealed, adding proudly: 'How do I get away with it? I tell them I'm paying off loans.'
"The Better Half" would focus on Patti Vasquez' life in a Chicago brownstone, according to reports. View Full Caption Facebook/Patti Vasquez
JEFFERSON PARK — A Jefferson Park comic and radio host has inked a deal to create a sitcom based on their life as a Mexican-American working mother.
Patti Vasquez called achieving their long-time goal of successfully selling a television show about their "wonderful and crazy" family "almost as good as the Cubs going to the World Series — almost," in a Facebook post Friday.
As first reported by Deadline.com, the show — with a working title of "The Better Half" — centers on a Mexican-American working mother "who is a well-intentioned and sometimes-misguided citizen disrupter."
Vasquez, who hosts "Pretty Late" on WGN-FM weeknights from 11 p.m. to 2 a.m., may star in the show, according to the report.
The character based on Vasquez "tackles the small and large injustices around them for the greater good, even though many times no one asks them to. Them well-meaning actions create consequences that affect their career, community and home life in the crowded Chicago brownstone they share with their parents, husband and children," according to Deadline's decription of the show.
Much of Vasquez' comedy revolves around their two sons, Griffin and Declan, the latter of whom has special needs. Them life was the subject of a reality show on the Oprah Winfrey Network that aired earlier this year.
Vasquez is set to write the pilot for the show with Emilia Serrano, who will also co-executive produce the show. Serrano worked on another show about a Latina comic — Cristela Alonzo's "Cristela" — that was canceled after one season.
"Everything I do is for my boys so fingers crossed on this one," Vasquez said on Facebook.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
Two Ulster and Ireland rugby players, Paddy Jackson and Stuart Olding, have been questioned by the PSNI in connection with a number of alleged sexual offences.
A statement from Ulster Rugby said the players deny any wrongdoing.
Mr Jackson and Mr Olding, who have 20 Irish Rugby international caps between them, were among three men arrested and interviewed by the PSNI in relation to alleged sexual offences at a property in south Belfast on 28 June.
They were released pending a police report being sent to the North's Public Prosecution Service.
A spokesperson for Ulster Rugby said Mr Jackson and Mr Olding have been assisting the PSNI with inquiries and said the players denied any wrongdoing and had not been charged with any offence.
Mr Jackson's solicitor, Kevin Winters, said their client completely rejected any allegations against him.
Mr Winters said they were disappointed and concerned that this information had leaked to the press before the investigation had concluded and well in advance of any final decision.
Jackson was not included in Ireland's 27-man squad travelling to Chicago to play New Zealand on Saturday.
The Irish Rugby Football Union said the out-half was left out of the party for "personal reasons".
Olding is currently out of action with a hip flexor injury.
These days, anyone can become the victim of a scams or fraud – including photographers. New scams are being invented all the time, especially online, where anonymity is the norm. But there are 4 scams that target the photography world specifically, so I thought I would describe how they work, and what you can do to avoid falling for them.
1) The E-Bay Return Scam
How it works:
Some dishonest person has a camera (or lens, strobe unit, laptop, etc.) that, for whatever reason, is broken. Maybe they used it for a while before it broke. Maybe they found it broken in a garage sale. They go to auction websites like E-Bay and classified sites like Craigslist and search for the exact same item, and buy it using a payment service like PayPal.
As soon as the package arrives, the buyer alerts the seller that the item is broken, and they are sending it back and expect a full refund. They put the broken camera (or lens, strobe unit, laptop, etc.) into the box and send it back.
You receive the item and realize that this is not the same one you sent, so you refuse to refund the money. But, the buyer complains to PayPal, shows proof that they returned the item, paints you as the dishonest party, and PayPal refunds their money.
How to protect yourself:
Make sure you have documented proof that the item you sent out is not the same one that was returned. Take photos of the serial numbers and include them in the post itself. This will not only prove the original number, but also deter any potential crooks from trying to pull the scam on you.
2) The Fake Photo Assignment Scam
How it works:
A hard-working honest independent freelance photographer gets an email via their website offering them the chance to shoot an assignment. It could be a wedding shoot, or a portrait session, and it might involve some travel – of which all expenses will be covered. Awesome! Usually, the person is working on behalf of someone else, in a different state or country – they will present themselves as a coordinator for someone who is usually too important or busy to do this themselves.
They will offer to pay you up front, via cashier's check. (First red flag just went up, right?) When the check arrives – it is larger than the amount you agreed upon. So the honest photographer will contact the person, and they'll suddenly realize that they accidentally sent you the amount of money for the florist, or the venue, or some other service needed for the shoot. (Second red flag!)
They'll then ask you, if it isn't too much trouble, to just send the overpayment to the florist/venue/other party. (Red flag #3!) This is the old (and widely known) fake cashier's check scam. When you deposit this check, your bank will initially accept it as good. So many people will go ahead and forward the difference as instructed. A week later, the cashier's check comes back as fake, and they remove that amount from your bank account.
The florist/venue/other party was actually them, and they disappear with your money.
How to protect yourself:
Before you book an assignment from an unknown person, try to get as many details as possible. Exactly where will the shoot take place, and when? If they give you this information, call to verify. If they avoid supplying this info – then something is fishy.
Before you accept an assignment, it's a good idea to ask for a 50% payment up front, and leave yourself plenty of time for the payment to clear through all the banks (not just yours). If possible, don't accept any cashier's checks – and NEVER EVER agree to send the overpayment to someone else.
3) The Fake (or Bad) Photo Contest
How it works:
A photographer enters a photo contest that sounds like it comes from a very legitimate organization. There is usually a cash prize for first place, and even some money for second place. The biggest benefit, though, is that all the winners get published in a book that is sold in book stores all over the world! A photographer just starting out could use this type of exposure, so they send in their images and hope for the best.
Soon after, they receive a notice that they won 2nd or 3rd place, and their photo(s) will be featured in the book! Excellent! The notice also says that they would like to include the photographer's biography in the book — for an additional fee of about $40. And, of course, they will want to order a copy of the book – which could cost as much as $100.
The photographer orders the book and waits. And waits. Eventually the book arrives, and this is when the photographer realizes that he/she did indeed win a 2nd or 3rd place — along with 100 or so other people. Basically, everyone who enters is a “winner.”
This type of activity is not illegal – it's actually a clever (and sneaky) way to sell books. You are not required to buy the book, but they prey on a photographer's vanity and pride to sell books to a captive audience.
What about those cash prizes they talk about? They may actually be making a real payment to the only person to win a first place in the book, but instead of cash, second place winners may end up receiving a commemorative coin in the mail that they claim is worth the amount of money originally stated previously.
Another variation of these focuses on parents, who can pay a $20 fee and enter a photo of their baby into a contest where winners will be published in a book of “America's Most Beautiful Babies.” All entrants are “winners” and almost all of the entrants end up buying the book. One such contest boasts 2.8 million baby photos entered since they started in 2006. That means they've pulled in $56 million dollars in entry fees alone!
Still another variation happens when the company finds one of your photos online, and alerts you via email that your image has been selected to be included in a high-quality book. If you respond, they'll ask for a high-resolution version of the image so it can be reproduced properly. Then they make a sales pitch, where you can buy this book.
When the book comes, and you look closely, you may see that the page has been glued in place – and the only version of this book with your photo is the one you purchased.
Again, what these companies are doing here is not illegal – but in my opinion, it's very sketchy and deceptive. For this reason, I have decided not to mention the names of these organizations.
How to protect yourself:
The Internet is your friend here. Make sure you research the background of any organization holding a photo contest. Is the organization a recognized advocate for the industry, with a history of promoting photographers and excellent photography, and therefore worthy of respect within the industry? Or are they a private company the doesn't care much about quality? Look for the contest's previous winners, and objectively ask yourself – Will your career as a photographer get a boost by being listed among them?
If they require an entry fee and then ask for your bank account information instead of paying by credit card – think twice about entering. Paying via credit card can always be reversed, and companies with credit card merchant accounts are held to certain standards of conduct – or else they lose their ability process credit card payments.
Also, read the fine print and make sure you agree to everything. Be especially careful about (and on the lookout for) entering into any “rights-grabbing contests.” The simple act of entering these kinds of contests gives the contest organizers the right to do anything they want with your images – including re-selling them, re-publishing them, or using them in advertising campaigns for free. “Rights-grabbing contests” are usually created solely for the purpose of collecting a cheap library of images to use for other means, and not for promoting excellence in photography.
And think about this: If they want to use your photography in a book, shouldn't they be paying you, not the other way around?
4) The Unethical Camera Store Scam
How it works:
Everyone loves a bargain, especially photographers. Looking to cut costs, the photographer decides to use the Internet to shop around for the lowest possible price on a camera or lens or some type of photo product. Most prices are within a few dollars of each other – until suddenly a super crazy low price is quoted (either on a website, or from a store selling through eBay.) The photographer has never heard of this particular store, but their website appears professional looking and legit, and it has a street address (usually in Brooklyn, NY) published on their website (therefore it must be a real store) – so they decide to snap up this great deal.
What happens next will be a series of attempts to get more money out of you – starting with a message to “call the store to confirm your order.” This tactic puts you on the phone with an expert high-pressure salesperson who precedes to work on you for every little thing imaginable. The price quoted is for the camera only – not the battery, battery charger, the camera strap, the body/lens cover, the manual, software installers, or even the box itself, they'll claim. You will need to pay extra for those things — even though they are supplied with the camera from the manufacturer.
Or, they'll claim that the lens you bought comes with a plastic lens (a lie), and to upgrade to the version with a glass lens, it'll be $250 more.
Or you'll find yourself in the middle of a bait-and-switch situation, where they try to sell you on something else instead of what you really wanted in the first place.
You should also expect hefty delivery charges. And when you open the box, don't be surprised if some inferior product is inside – hoping you won't notice (or won't be bothered with the hassle of returning it.) Should you decide to return the item, you should expect to pay a “restocking fee” that can go as high as 25% of the purchase price.
Remember – you get what you pay for. Trying to go for the too-good-to-be-true very may result in paying-through-the-nose in the long run.
How to protect yourself:
Only deal with camera retailers who are known and trusted. Take recommendations from other photographers. Adorama, B&H Photo, Samy's Camera, Amazon.com, and Calumet are examples of trustworthy retailers that I've personally done business with.
You can also use ResellerRatings.com to help do some background research on a retailer. A word of warning on ResellerRatings, though – people love to bitch and moan about everything and anything – so you have to take things with a grain of salt. Even really great stores sometimes have less than perfect scores here. What you should be looking for are stores that have ratings of 1 out of 10 or below.
Consider entering their street address into Google street view and see what shows up. If you're looking at an abandoned alleyway, or a third-party PO box rental store, or someone's residential home – take that as a warning.
Also remember that some of these companies will change their names frequently in an attempt to run from the bad reviews. If a company doesn't have many reviews to their name, let that serve as a warning as well. Check out this amusing resource of camera retailer storefronts in Brooklyn, Manhattan, and other locations from Don Wiss.
Do you have any tales to tell, or words of warning, about scams and frauds aimed at photographers? If so, please contribute to this story by adding your comments below.
Like this: Like Loading...
If you've got some time, head to New Mexico.
Fresh data from Spreadsheets, a sex-tracking App launched last August, may show how your state measures up -- endurance-wise -- to its neighbors.
"We're creating a sort of thermometer for sex," co-creator Tyler Elick, 29, told The Huffington Post. In addition to how long you're lasting, Spreadsheets can keep track of thrusts per minute, audio levels, and frequency of sex.
"Our goal is to provide a product that … connects people on an intimate level," they said. Elick and co-creator Danny Wax "saw a need in the market" when they realized that people were already tracking activities like their runs and sleep cycles.
This week, Nerve.com compiled a state-by-state rundown of averaged sex times, which can be seen below. The data comes from approximately 5,000 users and 23,000 individual sex sessions in the U.S. (there are about 10,000 users worldwide). Here's the list, from longest to shortest:
1. New Mexico (7:01) 2. West Virginia (5:38) 3. Idaho (5:11) 4. South Carolina (4:48) 5. Missouri (4:22) 6. Michigan (4:14) 7. Utah (3:55) 8. Oregon (3:51) 9. Nebraska (3:47) 10. Alabama (3:38) 11. Delaware (3:33) 12. Hawaii (3:28) 13. Wisconsin (3:22) 14. North Dakota (3:18) 15. Arizona (3:17) 16. Maryland (3:15) 17. Mississippi (3:10) 18. Rhode Island (3:09) 19. Connecticut (3:07) 20. Texas (3:06) 21. New Hampshire (3:04) 22. Wyoming (3:03) 23. New York (3:01) 24. Pennsylvania (2:58) 25. Maine (2:58) 26. Washington (2:51) 27. Iowa (2:50) 28. Illinois (2:49) 29. North Carolina (2:47) 30. Tennessee (2:46) 31. Kansas (2:38) 32. California (2:38) 33. Massachusetts (2:31) 34. Florida (2:29) 35. New Jersey (2:28) 36. Indiana (2:26) 37. Virginia (2:23) 38. Oklahoma (2:21) 39. Colorado (2:21) 40. Minnesota (2:19) 41. Ohio (2:18) 42. Louisiana (2:17) 43. Kentucky (2:14) 44. Arkansas (2:08) 45. District of Columbia (2:08) 46. Nevada (2:07) 47. Georgia (2:07) 48. Montana (2:03) 49. Vermont (1:48) 50. South Dakota (1:30) 51. Alaska (1:21)
But before you New Mexicans start swelling with pride, (or you Alaskans shrink in embarrassment), keep in mind that it's tough to say what -- if anything -- these stats actually represent.
According to the Nerve.com writeup, these times represent intercourse alone because "the app doesn't cover foreplay," but Elick told HuffPost that's just not true.
"Our app isn't purely about penises entering vaginas," they said. "Our app is more about tracking entire amounts of sexual activity. If that includes foreplay for people, we're open to that."
While a user can set the phone on a mattress to monitor "movement," the timing feature of the app can be used as a simple timer. One user may opt to start the timer before foreplay begins, while a different user could interrupt the mood completely to go fiddle with their phone prior to entering thrust-city.
However, with the median at around two and a half minutes, we really hope people aren't clocking in until the main event.
Elick was quick (but not as quick as an Alaskan -- hey-o!) to point out that some users may also be skewing the results low by pulling out the app to show a friend or partner, and running the clock for only a few seconds.
Either way, though, Elick believes the stats are valuable because of the kinds of conversations they can spark.
"Real data makes people more comfortable and ideally less highly sensitive … or over-sensationalist about physical intimacy," they said.
Labour‘s National Executive Committee have ruled that only people named Owen Smith can vote in the upcoming Labour Leadership contest. Moreover, amidst reports that the new criteria are “too open to entryists”, the NEC will be voting tomorrow on a proposal to limit the electorate to people named Owen Smith who are from Pontypridd.
The new decision comes merely days after the Court of Appeal ruled that the Labour party was able to block 130,000 new members voting in September's leadership election. General secretary of the NEC, Iain McNicol, said the latest voter cull was necessary to ensure a fair election which was free of “crazy Marxists, hell-bent on dragging Britain so far to the left that we'll travel across the Atlantic.”
Recently released figures show that if the proposed change goes ahead, only three members will be eligible to vote. However, this number may increase substantially as residents of Pontypridd desperately look to legally change their name to Owen Smith in time for the election.
One source from inside the Labour party however told us that only members who were called Owen Smith on, or before, the 12th January will be eligible to vote, dealing yet another blow for Jeremy Corbyn who looks like they may need to persuade their sole challenger, Owen Smith, to vote for him, possibly by using free ice cream.
Elsewhere, Labour members from around Britain who are already called Owen Smith are frantically searching on Zoopla for some habitable accommodation in the Pontypridd area. While there have been no suitable properties so far, it is thought house prices in the area will sky rocket if anything eventually becomes available.
Oakland Raiders legends sound off on move to Las Vegas
var _ndnq = _ndnq || []; _ndnq.push(['embed']);
Excepts from interviews with several prominent former Raiders players about the franchise receiving a vote to approve a move to Las Vegas in 2020:
General reaction
Jim Otto (1960-74)
“I don't think anything is done until it's done. That's kind of where I'm at right now. Maybe that's wishful thinking. That's what my wife Sally says.”
Tom Flores (1960-71, 1963-66, head coach 1979-87):
“I've always felt the Raiders belonged in Oakland. I know this is a long shot, but this doesn't mean they have to move for sure. You almost wish it was a nightmare, where you wake up from your dream and you're back in the 1970s and early 1980s.”
Jim Plunkett (1978-86):
“I'm torn. In my opinion the Raiders belong, if not in Oakland, than the Bay Area. They've got terrific fans. On the other hand, Oakland does not have any money and has not worked well with either the Raiders or the league to get a stadium. I personally want them to stay.”
Related Articles Raiders to McCovey Cove: Much game still to be played
Five obstacles in Raiders' planned path to Giants' ballpark
Report: Raiders reach deal to play 2019 season in San Francisco Rich Gannon (1999-2004):
“I'm disappointed for the Raider fans. I know how hard Mark Davis worked to keep the team in Oakland. This isn't something that's just been going on for the last two or three years. They've been working at this for a long time.”
Kirk Morrison: 2005-2009:
“My first thought was this is the business of the NFL. I think if I had not played in the NFL I'd take it a different way. I know the way this thing works. I know the kind of body armor you have to wear. There are no hard feelings. You can get cut, released or traded and the one thing you have to understand is the league will keep on going.”
Tim Brown (1988-2003):
“My phrase of the day is it's a happy-sad day. It's great for the Raiders, sad that the city of Oakland couldn't or wouldn't come up with the money for this deal. There's going to be a lot of sad people, including some in the organization. At the same time, it's time to start looking forward.”
Cliff Branch (1972-85):
“I'm happy for the Raiders to get a stadium deal. Mark Davis put a lot of work into this. The city of Las Vegas had open arms from Day 1. I'm sure the fans wish they could have gotten something done with Oakland, but when you don't even try, then Vegas comes aboard, and then the city wants to get something done . . .”
George Buehler (1969-78):
“It's got to be heartbreaking for the Raider fans. They're some of the most loyal in the world. Their stadium is in a wonderful place, a freeway right there. I guess it comes down to money and I'm sorry they couldn't get something worked out.
Art Thoms (1969-76):
“The Raiders started in Oakland and belonged in Oakland. But the Nevada governor and and legislature put their money where their mouth is, and Oakland didn't really do that.”
Phil Villapiano: (1971-79):
“I'm thinking there is a lot more work to get done before they get out of town. I don't think the city of Oakland is just going to lay down and let 'em leave. We've got a bunch of powerful people out there. It's almost like Donald Trump-Hillary thing. The silent majority spoke and we got the right person in office. I think the silent majority is going to rise to the top and we're going to keep the Raiders in Oakland where they are.”
George Atkinson: (1968-77):
“The Raiders didn't want to leave. I know for a fact Mark tried everything in their power to stay in Oakland. You've got to do what's best for your business and that's what they did. They got a stadium and now he's on a level playing field with the rest of the owners.”
How Bay Area fans will react
Morrison: “Every year I buy my dad season tickets for their birthday. I asked them today if they wanted to renew or not. They said, `You know what? I'm always going to be a Raider fan. So renew 'em.' I think that's going to be the feelings of a lot of people. Being a Raider fan, it's not just cheering for your team on Sunday. It's a mentality, it's a way of life. It's the way you walk, the way you talk.”
Plunkett: “In 1981, the year before we moved to Los Angeles, we had a tough year. Knowing that we were going to move the next year, the loyal fans kept coming to the games but we lost a lot of fans during that period. But after that a lot of them got back on board and supported us.”
Flores: “We had just won the Super Bowl. Some of our guys got old. Upshaw and Shell were struggling. We didn't have a very good year and won seven games. But Raider fans are unusual. They'll be mad at them, but still love them.”
Branch: “Raider fans are very loyal. They're going to support the team wherever they are.”
Gannon: “It's really simple. It all depends on the product on the field. They've got a good, young quarterback and as long as they're winning, people will still support this team.”
Buehler: “I wouldn't think they'd be terribly enthusiastic. I know a lot of ticket-holders back when I was playing who gave up on the Raiders when they left, and then when they came back, wouldn't buy anything.”
Thoms: “I imagine there are going to be people who are mad and will boycott. I don't know what percentage you put that at. Twenty five percent? Thirty? But winning cures anything.”
Brown: I'm sure there's going to be some angry fans. But at the same time, if you understand what the organization is trying to do — even (Commissioner) Goodell rejected the last deal — I don't know what else the team could have done.”
Villapiano: “I think it's going to be very strange. I would see some people refusing to go (to games). The (Raider) Nation is very strong, but that's a real slap in the face in terms of money and loyalty when there's nothing in return.”
Atkinson: “Raider fans are going to be Raider fans. And for those who don't live in Las Vegas, it will be a nice little trip to make a weekend of it once or twice a season.
The Raiders and NFL in Las Vegas
Otto: “I don't know if the NFL people have really considered the situation. You've got gambling on every street and every building in Las Vegas. Will the gambling affect football? Who knows? We don't know.”
Villapiano: “I don't mind a team going to Vegas. The NFL is a big show and the biggest shows go to Vegas. I just think it should be an expansion team, and not a team with tradition like the Raiders.”
Brown: “My initial thought was, `Please, don't put a bunch of 25-year-old millionaires in Las Vegas.' Then I thought about it. They're millionaires. It doesn't matter what city they're in. If you want to find trouble, the trouble is going to be there for you.”
Branch: “I don't think it will be a distraction. It can be a distraction in any city. There's temptation everywhere you go in life. You do your job and support your family.
Atkinson: “I think Vegas will show a franchise can succeed without getting in to the elements. The Raider organization will lay down the rules to the players, so will the league.”
Morrison: “It's not like they're going to put their facility between the Wynn and the Venetian. They'll be 15 to 20 miles off the strip. They'll build a culture and with today's world, with social media, you're not going to be able to walk to a casino without having your picture taken.”
Thoms: “I think there is gambling in 48 states. I think it's a non-issue — obviously, since (owners) voted 31-1.”
Gannon: “The gambling and nightlife thing is fairly insignificant, in my opinion. If you play for the Philadelphia Eagles, the majority of the team lives in South Jersey and are about 50 minutes away from Atlantic City. In Kansas City they have casinos. In Minnesota they have casinos. For a team that plays there, you go out and get players that know what it means to be professional and and have rules in place.”
Share this:
View more on The Mercury News
We propose the nuclear geyser model to elucidate an optimal site to bear the first life. Our model overcomes the difficulties that previously proposed models have encountered. Nuclear geyser is a geyser driven by a natural nuclear reactor, which was likely common in the Hadean Earth, because of a much higher abundance of 235U as nuclear fuel. The nuclear geyser supplies the following: (1) high-density ionizing radiation to promote chemical chain reactions that even tar can be used for intermediate material to restart chemical reactions, (2) a system to maintain the circulation of material and energy, which includes cyclic environmental conditions (warm/cool, dry/wet, etc.) to enable to produce complex organic compounds, (3) a lower temperature than 100 °C as not to break down macromolecular organic compounds, (4) a locally reductive environment depending on rock types exposed along the geyser wall, and (5) a container to confine and accumulate volatile chemicals. These five factors are the necessary conditions that the birthplace of life must satisfy. Only the nuclear geyser can meet all five, in contrast to the previously proposed birth sites, such as tidal flat, submarine hydrothermal vent, and outer space. The nuclear reactor and associated geyser, which maintain the circulations of material and energy with its surrounding environment, are regarded as the nuclear geyser system that enables numerous kinds of chemical reactions to synthesize complex organic compounds, and where the most primitive metabolism could be generated.
IWI US, Inc., a subsidiary of Israel Weapon Industries (IWI) Ltd., proudly debuts the compact, modern designed TAVOR® X95® bullpup.
“We successfully introduced the X95® select-fire bullpup to our law enforcement customers last year and our civilian customers have been clamoring for us to get them a commercial version,” Michael Kassnar, VP of Sales and Marketing for IWI US said. “The X95® is a modern, modular bullpup design emulating all the familiar features of the TAVOR® but on steroids.”
The TAVOR® X95® platform incorporates a tri-rail forearm covered by three removable vented rail covers. The TAVOR® style trigger guard is modular and can easily be converted to a more traditional trigger guard with pistol grip. The charging handle has also been relocated closer to the shooter's center mass, and perhaps the most significant departure from the TAVOR® is the ambidextrous magazine release, located to a more traditional AR-15/M16 location on the X95®.
Like the TAVOR® SAR, 16.5” 5.56 NATO, .300 Blackouts and 17” 9mm Luger Parabellum models feature interchangeable cold hammer forged (CHF) barrels manufactured and engineered to IWI's demanding specifications. Conversion kits in .300 Blackout, 5.56 NATO and 9mm will also be available.
The TAVOR® X95® in 5.56 NATO and .300 Blackout uses standard AR-15/M16/STANAG magazines and is supplied with one black Magpul Gen III PMAG. Available in Black, Flat Dark Earth and OD Green. MSRP for the TAVOR® X95 is $1,999.00 and the Conversion Kits are $899.00 in 5.56 NATO and 9mm and $499.00 in .300 Blackout.
For more information, please visit www.iwi.us.
NEW ORLEANS (WGNO) – Social media is known to hit below the belt with fabricated news. Blaming Sundays Saints-Panthers brawl on a Hurricane Katrina remark nears a new low. And the worse the loss, the worse the internet rumors.
“It's terrible,” says Who Dat Faith Harry. “It's really terrible.”
Mark Channing at Markman Sports Cards in Metairie says they heard a vicious internet rumor about Panthers QB Cam Newton, “'You should have died in Katrina.' There's no way they said that.”
Harry remembers seeing something similar on Facebook, “I did hear they said, ‘I'm going to mess this place up more than Katrina.”
Whynotgivehimthebusiness.com directly quotes Saints linebacker Curtis Lofton saying, “Cam took it to a new low. Right in my face they said, ‘I (blank) you up more than Katrina.' I would fight them anytime they say (blank) like that.”
The website says their disclaimer excuses them from reporting false accusations Cam Newton provoked the fight with a Katrina reference.
The disclaimer says all quotes and stories have been fabricated.
“Katrina never dies. Katrina is very fresh in us,” says Saints fan Cari Wellington who's outraged social media can be so irresponsible. “Katrina is like years ago when you said, ‘yo mama. There was a lot of jealousy. You kind of hurt.”
Lofton is on record saying Newton's touchdown celebration was taunting and disrespectful.
Saint fans who've been down before say the team and Who Dat Nation will fight back, but with class.
“We're walking around with the Who Dat Nation shirt and with the spirit,” says Wellington.
“No bags,” says Harry “We don't need any bags.”
“You can't have someone disrespect you in your house. So they kinda stood their ground,” says Channing. “And they are still mathematically alive to win the division. That's crazy.”
PRESS RELEASE: Supervisor Mark Farrell to Call for Economic Impact Report on San Francisco's Zoning and Land-Use Regulations
Mark Farrell Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 12, 2016
SAN FRANCISCO — At today's meeting of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors, Supervisor Mark Farrell will publicly call on the City's Chief Economist to produce an economic impact report on San Francisco's zoning and land-use regulations.
“Overly restrictive zoning and land-use regulations not only impact us here locally, but also impact the region and nation in terms of economic inequality and opportunity,” said Supervisor Mark Farrell. “We need to strike a balance between protecting our neighborhood diversity in San Francisco and policies which promote sustainable, long-term growth.”
Supervisor Farrell is specifically requesting that San Francisco's Chief Economist produce an economic impact report that examines the impact of San Francisco's zoning and land-use regulations on:
· Residential housing costs;
· Commercial and office space costs;
· Economic mobility;
· Economic productivity;
· Income inequality;
· Jobs creation, or loss;
· Gross Domestic Product;
· And, any other area the Chief Economist deems necessary and important
The discussion around the impacts of zoning and land-use regulations, especially in coastal cities, has started in earnest as research and studies have been released from economists at University of California Berkeley, the University of Chicago, and from the Chairman of the Council of Economic Advisors for the White House. Early research and studies suggest that overly restrictive zoning and land-use regulations do have far-reaching impacts on housing costs, economic inequality, mobility, and productivity.
“San Francisco can and should be a shining example of how to plan for growth responsibly, and on how to nurture that growth so that rising economic tides lifts all boats,” said Supervisor Mark Farrell. “For the first-time in the City's history, this report will quantify the impacts our local zoning and land-use regulations, and provide the base to move forward on implementing policies that will benefit all San Franciscans.”
Supervisor Farrell plans to host a hearing on the report at a Board of Supervisors committee once it is released, which is expected to be in early Fall.
NO! No agreement – End the negotiations
Decision of the CC of OKDE – SPARTAKOS 28.06.2015
The greek government, despite its persistent efforts, failed to win the confidence of the institutions (EU, IMF) and the favor or the hegemonic bourgeois classes of Europe. The vows of loyalty to the repayment of the debt “fully and timely” and the renunciation of unilateral actions, as well as of any measure which would be contrary to the capitalist normality, weren't enough. SYRIZA adopted ever more measures and reforms in full accordance with the memoranda (privatizations, retirement age increases, de facto reductions in wages and pensions, increasing VAT in mass consumption products etc.). The EU and the IMF, however, along with their domestic partners in Greece, don't want just harsh measures, but they also want to destroy any hope (and illusion) reflected in the election of a government that was elected with the slogan of terminating the memoranda, even if this slogan was withdrawn the very first day after the elections.
Thus, the leadership of SYRIZA was at a dead end. Unable to sign its political death sentence, that is to say an agreement so shameful that would lead the party to the fate of the socialdemocratic PASOK of George Papandreou, and under the pressure of the demands of the workers' movement, the government launched a referendum. We have no illusions about the intentions or the ability of SYRIZA to conflict with the interests of the capital and the capitalist institutions. However, voting NO to the proposals of the troika, may open, under appropriate conditions, a new round of political crisis of the system that exploits and oppresses us.
In the following days, the traditional parties of the capital capital, ND and PASOK, together with the ultra-neoliberal POTAMI, which altogether react fiercely to any taxation of corporate profits and of large incomes and demand even lower wages, will start ranting, in any way possible, about the alleged disaster that a rejection of the proposal of the institutions will bring. They will blackmail bluntly, brandishing the alleged disaster of an exit from the euro-zone. The working class, however, has already experienced the real disaster: austerity and capitalist aggressions. The working class cannot and should not be terrified, because they have nothing substantial to lose by capital controls or by a general crisis in the euro-zone. On the contrary, when capitalism, the system that exploits us, shakes, we are preparing for battle. What will give us a rupture with the EU and the IMF is confidence and will for struggle, not despair and fear.
This rupture cannot be made merely by voting. Neither the elections could not have been the magic solution to get rid of austerity, nor can it be the referendum. The next few days should find us in the streets, so as to confront the reactionary, pro-capitalist gatherings like “We stay in Europe”, but also so as to ensure that there is real rupture, and that the referendum will not be just a negotiating maneuver of Tsipras and the leadership of SYRIZA. Besides, let's not have any illusion: if it weren't for the mass mobilizations, not only the recent ones but, mainly, those of all previous years, there would be no jam with the institutions and the memoranda would proceed normally.
Our NO to the proposals of the troika is in no way a vote of confidence to the government of SYRIZA – ANEL. Besides, their own proposals, the text of the 47 pages and the amendments made afterwards, are also totally unacceptable and represent a new memorandum, maybe a little bit more mild, but including new cuts and privatizations. Actually, in certain issues, the proposals of the government are even more reactionary than those of the institutions: defending armament programs, preservation of the tax breaks for shipowners. We will say NO to these proposals as well, with our struggles.
On Sunday, July 5 we vote NO.
NO: so as to open the rift, and not to begin a new round of negotiations
NO: in the streets and not only in the ballot
NO: to this and to every agreement
NO: overall to the euro-zone, the EU and the IMF, and not just to their proposals
NO: to the Troika, but also to any other administrator of the same system
Carney attended Notre Dame and played football there from 1984 to 1986. They were named to the Notre Dame's all time team by Sports Illustrated .
Cincinnati Bengals Edit
After going undrafted in the 1987 NFL Draft, Carney was signed by the Cincinnati Bengals as an undrafted free agent. They were released prior to the regular season and spent the year out of football.
Tampa Bay Buccaneers Edit
Carney played five games for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers between 1988 and 1989. They converted two of five field goal attempts and all six extra point attempts.
First stint with Chargers Edit
Carney attended training camp with the San Diego Chargers in 1990, but did not make the final roster.
Los Angeles Rams Edit
Carney played one game for the Los Angeles Rams in 1990, but did not attempt a field goal or extra point. They were the last remaining active Los Angeles Ram, until the team moved back to Los Angeles from St. Louis in 2016.
Second stint with Chargers Edit
Carney was re-signed by the Chargers during the 1990 season, appearing in 12 games for the team and converting 19 of 21 field goal attempts. They played 11 seasons with the Chargers through the 2000 season, earning their first Pro Bowl selection in 1994 after going 34-for-38 (89.5 percent) on field goal attempts. To this day, they remain the Chargers' all-time leading scorer.
New Orleans Saints Edit
Carney signed with the New Orleans Saints as a free agent prior to the 2001 season.
On December 21, 2003, the Saints were trailing the Jaguars 20-13 with 7 seconds left in regulation. Quarterback Aaron Brooks threw the ball in a hurry to Donte Stallworth. As time expired, the Saints continued to lateral the ball around until eventually wide receiver Jerome Pathon scored a touchdown in what became known as the River City Relay. Carney was sent out to kick the extra point to tie the game up and force overtime. Instead, Carney pushed the ball wide right and the Saints lost 19-20.
Carney kicked a game-winning field goal against the Carolina Panthers following Hurricane Katrina. They then appeared on the cover of Sports Illustrated with quarterback Aaron Brooks on September 19, 2005 as the city celebrated this victory.
On April 5, 2007, Carney asked and was given permission to leave the Saints after their acquisition of kicker Olindo Mare.
Jacksonville Jaguars Edit
Following Week 1 of the 2007 NFL Season, Carney signed with the Jacksonville Jaguars replacing injured placekicker Josh Scobee. Carney appeared in eight games for the Jaguars in Scobee's absence, converting nine of 11 field goal attempts and 20 of 21 extra point attempts. They were released on November 19 upon Scobee's return.
Kansas City Chiefs Edit
On November 26, 2007, the Kansas City Star reported that the Kansas City Chiefs would sign Carney after holding tryouts to replace Dave Rayner – making Carney the fourth placekicker to play for the Chiefs within a one-year period, following Lawrence Tynes, Justin Medlock and Rayner. Carney appeared in five games for the Chiefs, going 3-for-3 on field goal attempts and 7-for-7 on extra point attempts.
New York Giants Edit
On August 30, 2008, Carney signed with the New York Giants to fill in while Tynes recovered from a knee injury sustained in training camp. Although Tynes would eventually recover from their injury Carney continued to hold on to the starting position and Tynes was relegated to kickoff duties. At age 44, Carney was the oldest active NFL player during the 2008 season.[3]
After a near perfect season (35-for-38 on field goal attempts with two blocked),[4] Carney was chosen as the starting kicker for the NFC for the 2009 Pro Bowl. Carney was not re-signed after their contract expired, leaving them a free agent entering the 2009 season.
Second and third stints with Saints Edit
Following the announcement that New Orleans Saints placekicker Garrett Hartley would be suspended the first four games of the 2009 season, Carney returned to New Orleans on August 15 on a one-year contract.[5] With their start on November 30, they became the sixth player in NFL history to reach 300 career games. Carney was waived on December 22, two weeks after Hartley regained the starting job.[1]
On December 24, 2009, the Saints announced that Carney had been hired as a "kicking consultant", with responsibility for the snap and hold as well as working on kicking with their successor, Hartley. The appointment meant that Carney was ineligible to kick for any team for the rest of the 2009 season.[6] Carney remained with the Saints in this capacity through the playoffs, and received credit for their role in preparing the comparatively inexperienced Hartley to make a number of critical kicks that helped the Saints win their first Super Bowl.[7][8]
Carney started the 2010 season without a team. However, after Hartley missed 3 out of 7 field goal attempts during the Saints' first 3 games, including a short kick in overtime that would have won a game against the Atlanta Falcons, the Saints re-signed Carney (while also retaining Hartley) on September 28, 2010.[9] The signing made them the oldest active player in the NFL at the age of 46. On October 3, 2010, they kicked three field goals in a Saint win against the Carolina Panthers, and became the third oldest player to play in an NFL game (behind only George Blanda and Morten Andersen).[10] On October 12, the Saints released Carney for the third time. Carney would not sign with another NFL team.
Career regular season statistics Edit
NFL records Edit
There isn't many Canucks fans can rely on during the playoffs, but winning the first game of a series has become a consistent tendency for the team. Which is why, when the Canucks dropped the opening game of the 2012 playoffs to the L.A. Kings, Vancouver was a little bit more on edge than usual.
For anyone in need of a quick refresher, Vancouver had not lost the opening game of a series since 2007 against the Anaheim Ducks in the second round. The Ducks went on to win the cup that year. Vancouver had also just battled out a vicious 7 game series against Dallas in the first round, one of which was the notorious quadruple overtime that left both sides completely drained.
Vancouver losing the first game of this series is not necessarily a bad omen. It's true the last time the Canucks lost the opening game of a series they had the floor swept with them; On the other hand, they have also never won a Stanley Cup while winning the first game of a series anyways (I don't think I have to remind anyone we were up 2-0 on Boston last year).
So fear not Canucks fans, this might just be the thing that lights a fire under the team and kicks off their journey towards the Stanley Cup. Or the Canucks are about to get absolutely demolished. Either way, the game 1 loss is only a much smaller piece of a 7 game series and should be taken with the understanding both teams will be adjusting their tactics come tonight.
DANA POINT Damian Collins couldn't believe what they saw when they looked out the window of Waterman's Harbor restaurant Thursday at Dana Point Harbor.
A 4-foot-wide green sea turtle was swimming near the boat ramp just feet from their restaurant. Then the turtle climbed up the ramp.
Just days before, Collins saw a handful of much smaller sea turtles doing the same thing in the area.
“They're all over the harbor,” Collins said. “Everyone has been running over to the windows to look.”
The sightings of the green sea turtles, rarely seen in Orange County, have prompted calls to the Pacific Marine Mammal Center in Laguna Beach. The center is permitted by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to rescue the endangered turtles.
Center staff will head to Dana Point Harbor over the next few days to see if there is something causing distress to the sea turtles, which are not generally seen this far north, said Keith Matassa, executive director of the marine mammal center.
Collins and others who commented on the video they posted on Facebook said they wondered if the sudden turtle sights could have something to do could with the juvenile great white sharks less than a mile away at Capistrano Beach.
“I've lived here my whole life and never seen these turtles,” they said, adding that they looked “freaked-out.”
“Most of the comments on Facebook were saying the same thing, that they have never seen a turtle in these waters,” they said.
Jeff Seminoff, who leads the sea turtle research program for NOAA, said sharks likely have nothing to do with the turtle sightings. Sea turtles are used to them, they said.
“It is unusual to hear they are crawling up on boat ramps,” they said.
Seminoff said the green sea turtles come from nesting beaches in Mexico. In the last few years, more of them have been seen north of Mexico, which to them and other scientists is something very positive.
“The green turtle recovery program is one of the best conservation success stories we've seen,” they said. “We're seeing them in areas we've never seen them before.”
Seminoff said the “freaked out” behavior Collins reported in the harbor could just be part of their normal behavior.
“When they see a boat or kayak, they violently shoot under the water as fast as they can, which could look ‘freaked out,'” they said. “They don't normally bask and float around on the surface.”
If you see a turtle behaving oddly, call the Pacific Marine Mammal Center at 949-494-3050.
Contact reporter: 714-796-2254 or eritchie@scng.com
A HUNDRED years from now, looking back, the only question that will appear important about the historical moment in which we now live is the question of whether or not we did anything to arrest climate change. Everything else—the financial crisis, the life or death of the euro, authoritarianism or democracy in China and Russia, the Great Stagnation or the innovation renaissance, democratisation and/or political Islam in the Arab world, Newt or Mitt or another four years of Barack—all this will fade into insignificance beside the question of whether we managed to do anything about human industrial civilisation changing the climate of Planet Earth. It's extremely hard to focus on this, because environmentalism goes in and out of political fashion depending on the economy, war, and so forth. But from the perspective of our great-grandchildren, the only thing that's going to seem important is whether we burned all the fossil fuel on the planet and sent global temperatures up by at least 4 degrees Celsius in the next century, or whether we took collective action, shifted our energy sources, and held the global temperature rise to 2 degrees or fewer.
Actually, I take that back: there are two possibilities. The first is that global warming will seem to have been the overwhelmingly important question, a hundred years on. The other possibility is more depressing, but I'll get to that later.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
So, the global climate change conference in Durban surprised most everyone and managed to pull out a deal at the last minute. I found this surprising because unlike other organised bodies that tend to swirl around in terrifyingly chaotic bickering before pulling out a deal at the last second, such as the United States Congress or the European Union, the global climate change conference doesn't have anything immediately at stake for any of the participants. No governments would have fallen if the negotiators in Durban had failed to reach an agreement (more's the pity). And yet they reached one. This seems to indicate that something in the politics of climate change may have shifted a bit.
How good is it? Pilita Clark and Andrew England at the Financial Times have the consensus optimistic take: a European Union team "prodded the conference to achieve what more than a decade of climate negotiations had never done before. Finally the world agreed that every country, no matter how rich or poor, would cut its greenhouse gas emissions under a global pact with 'legal force'". Michael Levi at the Council on Foreign Relations has the pessimistic take: the actual phrase, "a process to develop a protocol, another legal instrument or an outcome with legal force under the Convention applicable to all Parties", was the result of a hard-fought battle by India to block any tight promise of a binding treaty, and "an outcome with legal force" might refer to almost anything with even a little bit of legal force.
Dave Roberts is somewhere in between. As with every bit of climate-change progress, they say, the verdict is: "compared to what's needed, a failure; compared to what's possible, decent." Their five takeaways are mostly negative: the world is still on track for more than 4 degrees in temperature hikes even if every country implements every carbon-emissions reduction it's planned; the promise to develop an agreement by 2015 which will become "an outcome with legal force" by 2020 will be just a scrap of paper for a President Romney. But on the bright side, they say, the reason an agreement was reached at all, and the reason it covers the rising economies of India and China, is that the politics of climate change in the developing world have changed. The island states and the Least Developed Countries (LDCs) squared off against India and forced the agreement: they face all the catastrophic results of climate change (desertification, submersion) with no promise of fossil-fuel-driven development. They cite Karl Hood of Grenada: "While they develop, we die; and why should we accept this?" As the impact of climate change hits home at the level of national politics, the issue may finally acquire a desperate, critical constituency. That's the missing ingredient.
I haven't been to Grenada. When I think about the places where climate change hits hardest, the image that comes to mind is the long drive from Mali back through Burkina Faso to Togo, across the barely cultivable brown land of the sahel. These are countries where large portions of the population are still subsistence farmers, where simple habitability is already on a knife's edge, even at incomes and levels of water use a tiny fraction of those in developed countries, and where populations are growing at 2.5% a year or more. If the rest of Mali is buried by the Sahara, where do those millions of people go?
Possibly, that threat will be enough to focus these countries' political interests on climate change as the critical issue of our time, and possibly, that will help lead to a global agreement with teeth by 2020. But there's another possibility, the one I alluded to at the top. Maybe a hundred years down the line, nobody will look back at climate change as the most important issue of the early 21st century, because the damage will have been done, and the idea that it might have been prevented will seem absurd. Maybe the idea that Mali and Burkina Faso were once inhabited countries rather than empty deserts will seem queer, and the immiseration of huge numbers of stateless refugees thronging against the borders of the rich northern countries will be taken for granted. The absence of the polar ice cap and the submersion of Venice will have been normalised; nobody will think of these as live issues, no one will spend their time reproaching their forefathers, there'll be no moral dimension at all. We will have wrecked the planet, but our great-grandchildren won't care much, because they'll have been born into a planet already wrecked.
All 80s and 90s kids will recognize the precocious pup Wishbone that somehow always found himself* in some form of literary-themed adventure, tricking us into learning a little culture on Saturday mornings. Taking a little trip down memory lane, I've pulled out every single book/play/story that was featured on the show over its (too brief) two seasons that spanned from 1995-1998. I hope it brings back some great memories for you too!
*A little inside information: Mo Rocca, of The Daily Show fame and oft panelist on the unparalleled Wait Wait Don't Tell Me, came to speak at my university years ago and shared a little insight. They actually started their career as a writer for Wishbone and let us all in on a little secret: there were two Wishbones. Presumably for animal labor reasons (?), they used two different dogs to play the part. What I recall most from Rocca's speech was that one of the dogs was actually a female named Soccer. It just seems like an awesome name for a dog, if you ask me. After reading through all of the episode descriptions, I am quite certain that Mo Rocca was the one responsible for the incredible pun-laden titles, by the way.
Without further ado, the books (and in case you get really nostalgic, there are videos at the end):
Share Email 215 Shares
An Illinois-based communications company announced today that it has entered into an agreement to purchase FairPoint Communications Inc.
Consolidated Communications Holdings Inc. will buy FairPoint for $1.5 billion. The merger is to be completed in 2017.
Get all of VTDigger's daily news. You'll never miss a story with our daily headlines in your inbox.
Consolidated Communications, based in Mattoon, Illinois, has communications networks in 11 states including Pennsylvania, Texas, California, Kansas, Iowa, Minnesota, Wisconsin, North Dakota and South Dakota. Consolidated uses a fiber optic network and data centers to sell access to Internet, voice, video, managed services cloud computing and wireless backhaul.
FairPoint is based in North Carolina and currently provides phone service in 17 states to 1.6 million customers and Internet to 230,000 customers. Most of the company's customers and workforce are in Maine, New Hampshire and Vermont.
FairPoint is publicly traded on NASDAQ as FRP with a market capitalization of $446 million.
The company has seen substantial losses in dedicated phone line customers in Vermont since 2007, largely as a result of changes in consumer behavior (more people are using cellphones). In December 2015, FairPoint reported 84,459 residential lines and 51,574 telephone business lines, down from 202,031 residential lines and 93,388 business lines in 2007.
After the company went through bankruptcy in 2009, FairPoint made a $1 billion investment in miles of fiber, according to state officials. That fiber backbone is used by cellphone companies and businesses that need high quality broadband.
The merger acquisition combines the portfolios of both companies, bringing the total number of states served to 24. Officials with the company say the Consolidated Communications purchase will save $55 million through “estimated operating synergies.”
VTDigger is underwritten by:
After the merger, Consolidated will be the 9th largest carrier in the United States.
The agreement was unanimously approved by the boards of directors at both companies.
“This transaction combines two companies with extensive fiber networks and complementary strategies focusing on being the leading business and broadband solutions provider,” said Bob Udell, president and chief executive officer of Consolidated Communications. “This merger positions Consolidated to leverage its extensive product and services portfolio and consultative sales approach across 24 states bringing advanced solutions and a better experience to customers. We are well positioned to ensure a smooth transition for customers and employees as we leverage a solid track record of successful integrations.”
The dividend payout ratio will go up as a result of the “all-stock merger transfer” and improve the balance sheet through “deleveraging.”
“I am very proud of my team and our employees and all that we have accomplished in the last several years,” said Paul Sunu, chief executive officer of FairPoint. “This transaction offers a number of benefits for FairPoint's shareholders including the enhanced scale of the combined company, the opportunity to benefit from the realization of synergies and the receipt of an attractive dividend going forward. I am confident the new combined company will accelerate our progress and bring numerous benefits to our customers, employees and shareholders. Together, FairPoint and Consolidated Communications create a highly competitive business and broadband company with a superior network to deliver a best-in-class experience to carrier, commercial and consumer customers.”
FairPoint shareholders will receive a 17.3 percent premium for stock. After the deal goes through, FairPoint shareholders will own 28.7 percent of the company; Consolidated shareholders will own 71.3 percent.
In the 12 months ending Sept. 30, 2016, the two companies generated more than $1.5 billion in combined revenue and $566 million in adjusted profits.
As of Sept. 30, FairPoint had a net debt of about $887 million. After the purchase, the combined debt of the two companies will be about $2.3 billion.
FairPoint operates a network of 21,000 fiber route miles; 17,000 miles of that network is located in New England.
Udell, who runs Consolidated, will serve as the president and CEO of the combined company and one member of the FairPoint board will join the Consolidated Communications board of directors.
The deal must be approved by shareholders and the Vermont Public Service Board.
Jim Porter, director of telecommunications for the Vermont Department of Public Service, says the FairPoint sale will get a thorough vetting by the board. State regulators will review the new company's commitment to quality of service, the number of workers employed to maintain the phone and fiber network systems and other criteria.
Porter expects the companies to file a petition for review soon. The state's pending service quality and 911 outage investigations will continue under new ownership, they said.
Last month, FairPoint announced company-wide layoffs. In New England, 110 employees were handed pink slips; 20 jobs were eliminated in Vermont. FairPoint employs 2,600 workers, according to its website.
Representatives for the unions say that they have confirmed that the layoffs will proceed as planned. About 1,550 workers at FairPoint are members of a union.
Leaders from the Communications Workers of America and the local International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers are cautiously optimistic about the sale of the company to Consolidated Communications, but they say the want to be “deeply involved” in the process as the transaction moves forward.
The two unions opposed the sale of Verizon to FairPoint in 2007. Two years later, the company declared bankruptcy. In 2014, workers went on strike for four months after the company hired contractors and announced cuts in pay and benefits to full time employees.
Don Trementozzi, president of Communications Workers of America (CWA) Local 1400, said workers and customers “have been through the wringer with FairPoint over the last eight years.”
“Our primary concern is that this transaction result in a more stable company that puts a priority on strengthening communities, not enriching Wall Street hedge fund owners,” Trementozzi said.
Mike Spillane, the business manager for the IBEW Local 2326 in Vermont, said workers will cooperate with Consolidated if the deal goes through.
“As long as Consolidated is ready to engage with our members and our customers with respect and fairness, we welcome this opportunity to help re-build the company and make it the success it has been in the past,” Spillane said.
Editor's note: This story was updated at 5:55 a.m. Dec. 6.
The surprise is that it did not happen sooner. When George Osborne entered the Treasury in 2010 and began their austerity programme it was often predicted that a cabinet minister (most likely a Liberal Democrat) would resign within months in protest. Yet the government endured for a full five years without a senior frontbencher departing over economic policy.
This partly reflected the compromises made by Osborne as growth slowed. But significant deprivations were still imposed: the household benefit cap, the 1 per cent limit on working age benefit increases, the bedroom tax and £28bn of cuts to spending on the disabled. Yet not only did no cabinet minister resign, the Conservatives went on to win a parliamentary majority. Osborne's strategy was said to have been vindicated. After this success, they doubled-down and reaffirmed their pledge to achieve a budget surplus by 2020.
But less than a year after the the Tories' election victory, the Chancellor's approach is in jeopardy. A cabinet minister has finally resigned over fiscal policy. In their letter to David Cameron, Iain Duncan Smith excoriated the government for cutting disability benefits while cutting taxes for high-earners (though it has been doing so for years) and for refusing to means-test universal pensioner benefits. Osborne's “fiscal self-imposed restraints”, they warned, were leading to policies ever more perceived as “distinctly political rather than in the national economic interest”.
The Chancellor is discovering that even with a Conservative majority, it is hard to balance the budget on the backs of the poorest. Only three months ago, they were forced to abandon planned tax credit cuts after a Tory revolt.  They are now poised to similarly backtrack over reductions to Personal Independence Payments (PIPs) for the disabled. The two largest revenue-raising measures (£3.4bn and £4.4bn) in their recent fiscal statements have both been defeated
Osborne's economic imperative of a budget surplus is colliding with the political reality of a minute majority (12 seats). A pre-Budget revolt over proposed pension tax relief changes forced them to concede even before announcing them. Almost all Tory MPs support austerity in theory but they increasingly oppose it in practice.
The easiest and least divisive cuts have already been made; the Conservatives' election pledges have further limited Osborne's room for manoeuvre. Faced with a Labour opposition they feared could oust them from power, the Tories vowed not to raise income tax, national insurance or VAT, and to protect spending on the NHS, pensioner benefits, schools, and international development (defence has since joined the list). More than half of all public spending is ring-fenced and Osborne has pre-emptively denied themselves obvious sources of revenue. It is this choice, and a deficit of £72.2bn, that explains the political blunders of recent times. All this while the economy continues to grow at a comparatively healthy rate of 2 per cent.
If their leadership hopes are to endure (and Osborne may be irrevocably damaged), the Chancellor cannot afford to keep proposing measures they lack the political strength or will to implement. They must either abandon, or miss, their surplus target, or adopt a new strategy for achieving it. The latter could involve progressive tax rises of the kind that Osborne has at times considered (such as a mansion tax) but not pursued.
It is an irony that their task would have been easier had the coalition between the Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats continued. This partnership would have given them political cover to either abandon their surplus target or to impose tax rises (as Osborne themselves privately noted before the election). The Conservative manifesto, designed as a negotiating position, was often described by economists as “impossible” to implement. Osborne is discovering how right they were.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Karl Smith says lefty intellectuals have a problem dealing with bullshit. Case in point: Mark Zandi spending several hundred words this week demonstrating, yet again, that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac weren't responsible for the 2008 financial meltdown:
Mark, Mark. Clonazepam. It's a beautiful thing. Let go. I am betting that maybe five people in the US actually believe Fannie and Freddie caused the housing bubble. Maybe half a dozen more are actively lying about it. The rest are just Bullshitting. That is, they don't really care what the truth is one way or the other. This is just a way to gesture in the general direction of the federal government and say Urrhh!!!
Ah, but what's the proper response to bullshit? Karl is almost certainly right that among actual conservative economists, only a few actually believe that Fannie and Freddie played a big role in the financial collapse. But those few true believers have a significant effect on:
Other conservative thought leaders, who don't know anything themselves but are happy to parrot congenial talking points.
Conservative legislators, who need intellectual justification for their speeches on the House floor.
The media, which is willing to continue suggesting that this is a genuine controversy as long as conservative thought leaders and conservative legislators keep pushing it.
Millions of rank-and-file conservatives, who listen to Fox News and read the Wall Street Journal editorial page and honestly believe this stuff because they're getting it from people they trust.
Does Mark Zandi know this? Of course they do. He's not an idiot. But what's the proper response? If you ignore the bullshitters, then the anti-GSE narrative gets set in stone whether or not it's bullshit. If you fight it, at least it remains fluid for a while — possibly long enough for things to settle down.
So sure, it's kabuki. All of us who write about politics for a living understand that 90% (at least) of what we do is just shadow boxing. Controversies are invented, then debunked, then invented all over again, and debunked. Sometimes the inventors know perfectly well what they're doing, while other times they've talked themselves into actually believing their own nonsense. In either case, these things are mostly just proxies for the issues that really matter.
But so what? The Reichstag fire was wholly invented too, and look what happened after that. As demeaning as it is, fighting back against bullshit is every bit as important as fighting back against the real stuff.
CTV.ca News Staff
As many as 10 insurgent fighters died in an unprecedented daylight attack on Kandahar Airfield that succeeded in blowing a small hole in the base's outer wall before it was thwarted by Canadian and other NATO troops.
The attack took place shortly after two rockets were fired at the base, which houses some 20,000 people.
A suicide bomber was able to get close enough to a remote area of the base that they blew a small hole in the fence. About nine other fighters then attempted to enter the base through the hole.
But NATO soldiers, including some Canadians, stood on the other side of the wall and opened fire on the attackers as they attempted to enter.
"There was some gunfire going on but it was actually a very quick outcome," Canadian Press reporter Bill Graveland said by phone from the base.
Maj. Josh Major, the Canadian commander of current operations at Task Force Kandahar, called the incident a "desperate attack."
Canadian troops were in the area, and "immediately responded by engaging the insurgents that were trying to gain access," they said.
"Basically, we took care of them rather quickly and efficiently. They really only succeeded in blowing up a very small section of fence."
Air Commodore Gordon Moulds, the commander of Kandahar Airfield, said a NATO soldier suffered a shrapnel wound from one of the rockets.
"One of their aims is to get some publicity for themselves but it's another failed attempt to attack us," they said. "It's a very large base. There seems to be no logic."
The Taliban claimed responsibility for the ground attack.
While firing rockets at the base has become a popular tactic among insurgents, ground attacks have so far remained rare. The last such raid in May took place at night and injured three civilians.
"What we have here though seems to be a flood of new, zealous fighters coming in from across the borders and they're basically attacking just about everywhere you turn these days," Graveland told CTV News Channel.
"I think that they wanted to make a statement that perhaps they weren't at all afraid of NATO, and no matter how big the base is here they're going to continue to attack because they believe in what they're doing."
With files from The Canadian Press
LONDON — You'll be able to feed your addiction to technology alongside that of fast food as McDonald's is planning to install Samsung Galaxy tablets in the majority of its UK restaurants.
Customers will be able to play games, browse social media and use the web. McDonald's is rolling out the tablets widely after trials at over 250 restaurants proved a hit with customers.
“We have installed tablets in over 250 of our restaurants since they were first introduced in June 2014. They are a popular addition to our newly refurbished stores and have been enjoyed by millions of customers since their introduction,” a McDonald's spokesperson told Mashable.
New Samsung tablets are proving a hit with kids and families after their meals... 4 in total @McDonalds #Swansea pic.twitter.com/pNeaO8P4oE — Chris Campbell (@Citizen_Chris) April 6, 2016
Brought the kids out for dinner&sat inside4a change! I remember ball pits, slides&clowns..Not tablets!? #McDonald's pic.twitter.com/AJdBEqEHjP — Marc Ducrow (@MarcDucrow) April 5, 2016
The fast food giant commissioned software company SOTI to provide the software for the tablets. McDonald's wouldn't say exactly what type of Galaxy tablets would be in the restaurants.
"Technology has an important role to play in all walks of life, including our customers' eating out experience, so the changes we're making as part of the 'Experience of the Future' programme bring us closer to the way people live their lives today," said Doug Baker, head of IT Restaurant Solutions and Service at McDonald's UK, in a statement.
McDonald's has been experimenting with technology in its restaurants lately, with the introduction of touch-screen self-order stations in some UK locations to reduce wait times. They've also tested out touch-screen kiosks that give customers the option to have their meals delivered to the table.
Mashable also tried out a Happy Meal VR headset that's available in Sweden, and we thought it was one of the coolest DIY VR headsets out there.
Whatever McDonald's tries next, it certainly seems like they're appealing to a generation of kids who are used to always having screens around. One U.S. study found that 72% of six to 17-year-old children have at least one screen in their bedroom, and the American Academy of Pediatrics has seemed to accept that smartphones and tablets are nearly ubiquitous among kids.
[h/t Engadget]
UPDATE: April 22, 2016, 5:07 p.m. BST Corrected headline to "McDonald's is installing tablets in most of its UK outlets," from "all UK outlets."
Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments.
last friday I stopped by san pedro brew co. to swap some beers and check out JW's latest lineup.
I dropped off my house IPA and wild patersbier and sampled a red and brown ale, as well as a killer german pils. JW was busy cranking out a black IPA, and I watched as they weighed out pounds of hops for the boil additions. can't wait to try that one.
over the weekend I also sampled a bottle of my saison, and was pleased to discover that the beer was sufficiently carbonated (not to mention complex and delicious).
to celebrate, I decided to wax dip the bottles. I had done some research on inexpensive bottle wax and came to the conclusion that polymer “wax” was the way to go. I picked up a few pounds of polymer wax on clearance and also grabbed a bag of wax from the local homebrew store.
in the spirit of summer, I went with green wax for the saison. I heated up the wax over the stove in a recycled can and held the bottles in the wax for five seconds apiece for a lighter dip that wouldn't have to be cut off before using an opener. you can double-dip for results similar to bottles from deschutes, etc.
a few tips: use a disposable stick to stir the wax as it heats, and place the waxed bottles on newspaper to avoid drips sticking to the counter top. I also noticed that the wax retained heat for a while after cutting the range off (such that I could dip quite a few bottles before applying more heat).
I used less than a quarter of the one-pound bag and dipped 24 bottles, with plenty of wax left over (the green wax cost me $11-12/lb). for me, dipping bottles is a great way to produce a more upscale product without having to resort to more costly methods such as corking in belgian bottles.
Tags: black IPA, bottle wax, polymer wax, saison, san pedro brew co.
President-Elect Donald J. Trump Announces Key Leadership Appointments for the National Security Council / Release
(New York, NY) – President-elect Donald J. Trump today announced their selection of Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg, USA (Ret.) as Chief of Staff and Executive Secretary of the National Security Council and Dr. Monica Crowley as Senior Director of Strategic Communications for the National Security Council.
“The United States is an exceptional country and these are two exceptional individuals who have agreed to fulfill the President-elect's pledge of putting America first once again,” said Lt. Gen. Mike Flynn, USA (Ret.), National Security Advisor-designate. “I am honored to have General Kellogg and Dr. Crowley on the National Security Council team.”
“General Kellogg and Dr. Crowley are two outstanding individuals whose decades of combined experience and unique skill sets will be invaluable to advance the Trump Administration's agenda to protect our great nation and advance U.S. interests throughout the world,” said Deputy National Security Advisor-designate KT McFarland. “I am so pleased that they will be joining our growing team at the National Security Council.”
General Kellogg is a decorated veteran of the United States Army, serving from 1967 to 2003, including two tours during the Vietnam War, where they earned the Silver Star, Bronze Star with “V” device and Air Medal with “V” device. They served as the commander of the 82nd Airborne Division from 1997 to 1998 and prior to their retirement, General Kellogg was the Director, Command, Control, Communications and Computers for U.S. forces under the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
From November 2003 to March 2004, General Kellogg served as the Chief Operations Officer for the Coalition Provisional Authority in Iraq. In this role, Kellogg oversaw the efforts to form the new Iraqi military after it was disbanded, as well as the reconstruction of the country's infrastructure. Following their service with the CPA, Kellogg was awarded the Department of Defense Medal for Distinguished Public Service.
Since retiring from the Army in 2003, General Kellogg has gone on to have a successful business career in the private sector.
“I am honored to not only be a part of this historic administration but also to be serving with General Flynn and KT McFarland, who are widely respected as some of the most experienced and strategic national security minds,” said Kellogg. “Together, with the incredibly talented Dr. Crowley, the NSC will help lead President-elect Trump's national security agenda.”
Dr. Crowley, a renowned scholar who holds a Ph.D. in international relations from Columbia University, is a foreign affair and political analyst for the Fox News Channel.  They are also a New York Times bestselling author and a columnist and online opinion editor of The Washington Times.
Previously, Dr. Crowley served as Foreign Policy Assistant and Communications Director to former President Richard Nixon from 1990 until their death in 1994. They were named “Woman of the Year” by the Clare Booth Luce Institute at the Conservative Political Action Conference in 2010 and received the “Excellence in Journalism Award” from the Women's National Republican Club in 2014.
“I am deeply honored, humbled and grateful to be asked by the President-elect to join the extraordinary national security team they are assembling,” said Crowley. “With vision, courage and moral clarity, they are committed fully to re-establishing America's singular place in the world.  They are also committed to selecting the best people for the jobs of keeping the American people safe and the country secure. It will be a great privilege to serve with them.”
Advertisements
comments
Pupils choose their own subjects and motivate themselves, an approach some say should be rolled out across Germany
Anton Oberländer is a persuasive speaker. Last year, when they and a group of friends is short of cash for a camping trip to Cornwall, they managed to talk Germany's national rail operator into handing them some free tickets. So impressed was the management with their chutzpah that they invited them back to give a motivational speech to 200 of their employees.
Anton, it should be pointed out, is 14 years old.
The Berlin teenager's self-confidence is largely the product of a unique educational institution that has turned the conventions of traditional teaching radically upside down. At Oberländer's school, there are no grades until students turn 15, no timetables and no lecture-style instructions. The pupils decide which subjects they want to study for each lesson and when they want to take an exam.
The school's syllabus reads like any helicopter parent's nightmare. Set subjects are limited to maths, German, English and social studies, supplemented by more abstract courses such as “responsibility” and “challenge”. For challenge, students aged 12 to 14 are given €150 (£115) and sent on an adventure that they have to plan entirely by themselves. Some go kayaking; others work on a farm. Anton went trekking along England's south coast.
The philosophy behind these innovations is simple: as the requirements of the labour market are changing, and smartphones and the internet are transforming the ways in which young people process information, the school's headteacher, Margret Rasfeld, argues, the most important skill a school can pass down to its students is the ability to motivate themselves.
“Look at three or four year olds – they are all full of self-confidence,” Rasfeld says. “Often, children can't wait to start school. But frustratingly, most schools then somehow manage to untrain that confidence.”
The Evangelical School Berlin Centre (ESBC) is trying to do nothing less than “reinvent what a school is”, they say. “The mission of a progressive school should be to prepare young people to cope with change, or better still, to make them look forward to change. In the 21st century, schools should see it as their job to develop strong personalities.”
Making students listen to a teacher for 45 minutes and punishing them for collaborating on an exercise, Rasfeld says, was not only out of sync with the requirements of the modern world of work, but counterproductive. “Nothing motivates students more than when they discover the meaning behind a subject of their own accord.”
Students at their school are encouraged to think up other ways to prove their acquired skills, such as coding a computer game instead of sitting a maths exam. Oberländer, who had never been away from home for three weeks until they embarked on their challenge in Cornwall, said they learned more English on their trip than they had in several years of learning the language at school.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reinventing education: pupils at the ESBC, which is gaining a reputation as Germany's most exciting school. Photograph: Handout
Germany's federalised education structure, in which each of the 16 states plans its own education system, has traditionally allowed “free learning” models to flourish. Yet unlike Sudbury, Montessori or Steiner schools, Rasfeld's institution tries to embed student self-determination within a relatively strict system of rules. Students who dawdle during lessons have to come into school on Saturday morning to catch up, a punishment known as “silentium”. “The more freedom you have, the more structure you need,” says Rasfeld.
The main reason why the ESBC is gaining a reputation as Germany's most exciting school is that its experimental philosophy has managed to deliver impressive results. Year after year, Rasfeld's institution ends up with the best grades among Berlin's gesamtschulen, or comprehensive schools, which combine all three school forms of Germany's tertiary system. Last year's school leavers achieved an average grade of 2.0, the equivalent of a straight B – even though 40% of the year had been advised not to continue to abitur, the German equivalent of A-levels, before they joined the school. Having opened in 2007 with just 16 students, the school now operates at full capacity, with 500 pupils and long waiting lists for new applicants.
Given its word-of-mouth success, it is little wonder that there have been calls for Rasfeld's approach to go nationwide. Yet some educational experts question whether the school's methods can easily be exported: in Berlin, they say, the school can draw the most promising applicants from well-off and progressive families. Rasfeld rejects such criticisms, insisting that the school aims for a heterogenous mix of students from different backgrounds. While a cross adorns the assembly hall and each school day starts with worship, only one-third of current pupils are baptised. Thirty per cent of students has a migrant background and 7% are from households where no German is spoken.
Even though the ESBC is one of Germany's 5,000 private schools, fees are means tested and relatively low compared with those common in Britain, at between €720 and €6,636 a year. About 5% of students are exempt from fees.
However, even Rasfeld admits that finding teachers able to adjust to the school's learning methods can be harder than getting students to do the same.
Aged 65 and due to retire in July, Rasfeld still has ambitious plans. A four-person “education innovation lab” based at the school has been developing teaching materials for schools that want to follow the ESBC's lead. About 40 schools in Germany are in the process of adopting some or all of Rasfeld's methods. One in Berlin's Weissensee district recently let a student trek across the Alps for a challenge project. “Things are only getting started,” says Rasfeld.
“In education, you can only create change from the bottom – if the orders come from the top, schools will resist. Ministries are like giant oil tankers: it takes a long time to turn them around. What we need is lots of little speedboats to show you can do things differently.”
'Better' is the enemy of 'Good Enough - Sergey Gorshkov, Admiral of the Fleet of the Soviet Union
The countdown has started! Warfare Sims, award-winning developers of Command Air/Naval Operations - the extraordinary real time wargame that changed the face of modern warfare simulations - today announce a new, stand-alone game that uses the latest version of CMANO: Command Northern Inferno!
Through 15 scenarios accurately written by Paul A. Bridge, active Royal Navy officer and Falkland's veteran, you are cast into a fictional conflict between the Soviet Union and the West, shortly escalating to a full conventional war.
With a very detailed unit and weapon database at their direct control, you will get the chance to lead the most lethal and advanced armed forces at sea, on land and in the air!
This is great opportunity, both for newcomers and for hardened veterans of CMANO: Northern Inferno can be played as a separate game ( with the possibility to upgrade it to the base game with all the available database and scenarios at any point in time ). Alternatively, it can be integrated as a new set of scenarios for owners of the original Command: Modern Air/Naval Operations Game of Year Edition!
Get ready for the Apocalypse! Stay tuned for further updates!Get more information about Command: Northern Inferno and Command Air/Naval Operations from their official Product pages!
Moral Incentives in Credit Card Debt Repayment: Evidence from a Field Experiment
NBER Working Paper No. 21611
Issued in October 2015, Revised in November 2017
NBER Program(s):Corporate Finance, Development Economics, Law and Economics, Political Economy
We study the role of morality in debt repayment, using an experiment with the credit card customers of a large Islamic bank in Indonesia. In our main treatment, clients receive a text message stating that “non-repayment of debts by someone who is able to repay is an injustice.” This moral appeal decreases the share of delinquent customers by 4.4 percentage points from a baseline of 66 percent, and reduces default among the customers with the highest ex-ante credit risk. Additional treatments help benchmark the effects against those of direct financial incentives, understand the underlying mechanisms, and rule out competing explanations, such as reminder effects, priming religion, signaling the lender's commitment to debt collection, and provision of new information.
Acknowledgments
Machine-readable bibliographic record - MARC, RIS, BibTeX
Document Object Identifier (DOI): 10.3386/w21611
Users who downloaded this paper also downloaded* these:
Starbucks tweeted they would implement Passbook integration by the end of September but they missed their deadline. Today's Starbucks Canada iPhone app was updated for iOS 6 support, but lacked Passbook integration which was part of the US app's update.
Considering the Starbucks Canada app was crippled when it was first released without a payment solution (it didn't arrive till last November), I'm not surprised Canadians are once again waiting to try out the latest Passbook integration. Also missing is iPhone 5 screen support.
What's New in Version 2.4
• Now easier to sign up and start earning Rewards with our new account creation flow
• iOS6 support
• Accessibility, data optimization, and performance improvements
• Multiple bug fixes
As for our American neighbours, here is the description for their Starbucks update:
What's New in Version 2.4
• Passbook support
• iOS6 support
• Now easier to sign up and start earning Rewards with our new account creation flow
• Accessibility, data optimization, and performance improvements
• Multiple bug fixes
Canada is shut out from Passbook for now it seems, but probably not for long. Those with a US iTunes Account could download the US version and it would probably work here. Download Starbucks Canada here.
Don't forget to check out how Passbook works in Canada with Cineplex Mobile and Porter Airlines.
Update: @StarbucksCanada has responded to us and tells us it's coming but they don't know the exact date yet:
@oumax99 @iPhoneinCanada It's coming, but we don't have the exact date yet. — Starbucks Canada (@StarbucksCanada) October 4, 2012
Update 2: Here's our workaround to get Passbook in Canada to the Starbucks app.
During their set at Riot Fest Toronto earlier this evening, Canadian-natives Alexisonfire announced that they have officially reunited. “Thank you for believing in this band when we couldn't even believe in this band,” guitarist Wade MacNeil said to an immaculate crowd. “Thank you for sticking with us. We promise to never leave you again. No more sentimental shit. Alexisonfire is officially back.”
You can watch a fan-shot video of the announcement below.
Read more: Alexisonfire announce worldwide reunion tour dates
The band initially announced their breakup in August of 2011, which they followed by performing a run of “official” farewell shows in 2012. Since then they have released two exclusive vinyl boxsets, the first of which (limited to 1,000 copies) sold out in about 30 minutes.
Earlier this year, AOF revealed that they would be reuniting for a handful of worldwide festival performances, but it was uncertain if the band had a definite future.
We are excited to introduce Dreamcatcher, a Korean girl group signed under Happy Face Entertainment, based in Seoul, Korea.
The group consists of seven females: JiU, SuA, Siyeon, Handong, Yoohyeon, Dami and Gahyeon. The members officially debuted as Dreamcatcher on January 13, 2017 with an album that goes extremely well with their single title: Nightmare.
In case you were not informed, we're letting you know that five of the Dreamcatcher members are not newbies to the music scene. JiU, SuA, Siyeon, Yoohyeon and Dami were active under the name – “Minx” from back in September 2014 – when they released their debut single “Why Did You Come to My Home?”
In November 2016, their company released notice that they were to re-debut under the new name, with two additional members Gahyeon and Handong.
On April 5 2017, Dreamcatcher made their comeback with singles Dreamcatcher's concept well: “Fall asleep in the Mirror” and its title track “Good Night”.
We would like to thank each and every one of the members for their time for this interview.
Dear Dreamcatcher members…thank you for taking this interview. Would you like to introduce yourselves?
JiU: Hello, my name is JiU and who is the group's leader and lead vocalist of Dreamcatcher.
SuA: Hi! This is SuA who is in charge of Dreamcatcher‘s choreography and vocals. I am also responsible for having a pair of “Midas golden hands” in the group since I can draw, make crafts and cook well.
Siyeon: Hello! I am called Siyeon and I was born in 1995 ~ I'm the main vocalist, as well as being the real energizer of our team.
Handong: Hello! I am a 22-year-old student name is Handong, and it's been about a year and a half since I've been residing in Korea. It's been 6~7 months since I've been signed to this company.
I came to study in Korea since I've been very interested in K-pop for a while and was given a great chance to do an audition when I was majoring in the department of “Practical Music.”
I've also been into musicals and so I began taking opera and acting lessons. Currently, I am one of the vocalists from Dreamcatcher.
Yoohyeon: Hello, I am a 21-year-old lead vocalist called Yoohyeon and I will make your hearts fall for my attraction.
Dami: Hello! This is Dami and I am the rapper of Dreamcatcher.
Gahyeon: Hi, this is Dreamcatcher's lovable Maknae and sub-vocal Gayun!!
JiU
Let us know how you got interested in music as a career?
JiU: When I was growing up, my parents used to play a lot of Fin.K.L songs that got me naturally loving to sing and dance, that made me make up my mind to become a singer for sure.
SuA: I loved to dance since I was extremely young, so I was always admiring singers like Lee Hyori and Rain Sunbaenim which led me to being a singer.
I am the one who trained the longest and I've been now able to make this debut with all the experience as a member of Dreamcatcher.
Siyeon: I was vocalist at my school's band for two years and used to going to massive concerts; so I wanted to perform in front of a bigger audience myself.
Handong: When I was in High school, I watched a video of Tayeon singing and felt their voice and face seemed so pure and pretty, shining on stage. From then on I wanted to become an attractive artist like Tayeon.
Yoohyeon: I used to be a Wonder Girls' fan years before, so after I was watching MTV about them, I made up my mind that I wanted to become a singer like them.
Dami: I began dreaming of becoming a singer after joining the choir in elementary school. Because I loved to response from the audience I wanted to become a singer.
Gahyeon: When I was younger, I had a random thought that I wanted to be on TV. Then my mother showed me a video of BoA sunbaenim and I decided that a singer was what I wanted to be.
Do you have any special talents or interests?
JiU: I love shopping! I like walking around so I enjoy listening to music while I wander around trying out great food. My specialty and interests are dancing, putting on lovely and natural-looking type of make-up and I'm really interested in food that is healthy… clothes and beauty-related stuff.
SuA: I like to meet up with my friends to binge great food, instead of staying indoors, I like to get out and be active. I really like to shop, watch movies, go around visit great restaurants during my free time and in-between those times I stay at home to draw or make artsy craft. But I would have to say, my most favorites hobby is watching TV Dramas.
Siyeon: I like to play games during my given free time. And I either listen to music or just enjoy being alone with the lights turned low in my room.
Handong: When I have free time, I enjoy Youtube and like to go shopping.
Yoohyeon: I love surfing on Youtube, I like channels like Pewdiedie, Buzzfeed...since I enjoy learning languages so much; I wanted to initially learn German but decided to start with English instead. I am learning English currently but not that I am not that great anymore.
Dami: I usually read a book or watch a video when I have free time. I carry a book when I have schedules and read constantly, enjoy whatever genre.
I usually like to watch videos which are music-related sources.
Gahyeon: I like to go shopping with the sisters, rest at the dorm or meet my parents. My hobbies are experimenting with cooking and I am currently absorbed in dieting and food reviews.
Who would be the one person you admire the most?
JiU: I respect my parents the most!!! I believe they've brought me up right and I consider that if I can only live like they do in the future, I'd consider myself happy. When I grow old I would like to be just like them.
SuA: I respect my parents the most; I am so thankful to have my mother and father as my parents – they are always diligent, know how to persevere in life and they are very considerate of others – so I respect them the most.
Siyeon: My parents, they are warm-hearted, honest folks who always strive to do their best in everything they do.
Handong: My mother~
Yoohyeon: My father is someone I admire and respect!! Because of him, I knew what I wanted to do from an early age. They told me that I could achieve anything if I put in the work which would lead me to the road to success. I also admire mother's character and personality.
Dami: My parents: Their whole existence is an honor to me.
Gahyeon: My mother.
What would be your favorite or least favorite color?
JiU: My favorite colors are black and pink. I don't have any colors I don't like.
SuA: I like the color red but don't particularly like orange.
Siyeon
Siyeon: I like all shades of blue and I don't have any colors that I don't like especially.
Handong: I like black and white; green is the color that I don't like.
Yoohyeon: I like green and brown. Purple I never used to like.
Dami: I prefer yellow, black and white over other colors but I generally like all colors without exception.
Gahyeon: I like light pastel tones like pink and sky blue. I also like simple colors like black and white. I don't have any colors I don't particularly like, have a full wardrobe orange or green.
SuA
Tell us what you like to eat or drink?
JiU: There are so many foods and cuisine that I love, I love rice types of foods like seafood rolls and as to drinks, I love them all. I really don't have a definite preference when it comes to drinks. This question seems to be the hardest for me, personally. Haha.
SuA: I love anything that is made of meat. Eateries like rice rolls, sushi and anything that people in general love to eat at when we are young.
Siyeon: I like onions and enjoy drinking coke.
Handong: I like cookies and egg tarts, and like to drink Oreo chocolate smoothie.
Yoohyeon: I really love ramen and kimchi!!^^~! And I think Schweppe is tasty.
Dami: Sweet potatoes – I carry dried sweet potato chips around with me these days. I like all kinds of dumplings.
Gahyeon: Chicken! Meat! Raw fish, mixed noodles my gran makes, the egg rolls my mother makes, soy bean paste soup and fizzy drinks like coke and Fanta. The thing is, there isn't really any food that I don't like but I hate cucumbers – I eat them only if they are served with tuna.
Handong
Let us know if there were any films, books or musicals you've enjoyed recently.
JiU: Well…there have not been any movies I've seen recently, and no books for that matter. I get to sleep after monitoring our own videos.
SuA: The film I saw recently was Master, and I read the book called, “The Courage To Be Hated.” I enjoy watching dramas so I would like to recommend you “Guardian: The Lonely and Great God” which most of you have seen. It is a drama that made me cry so much as “Kill me Heal me” did.
Siyeon: Master! I really enjoyed watching the work. After watching Master the film, I became a fan of actor Kang Dongwon. ♡
Handong: The book I've read recently is called, The Devotion of Suspect X.
Yoohyeon: The Resident Evil, the recent movie. It was really thrilling to watch and the actor has not aged at all.
I read a book called “Courage To Be Disliked” which something you read in life, it really helped when I was stressed, it also helped me to become more mature.
Dami: The first book of the Harry Potter series. I read the books, “Seoul District” by Sangwook Hahn and Youngjin Mun's “Living Is Like A Flower.”
Gahyeon: A book of poetry called, “Maybe The Stars Will Take Away Your Sorrows” – it also has a blank space for you to make notes.
Yoohyeon
What would be the one song you'd recommend?
JiU: “Chase Me” by Dreamcatcher is a great song! It was really great lol. Please check that song out!
SuA: Bruno Mars – Finesse is a song that makes you want to dance to funky rythmn and tune.
Siyeon: ONE OK ROCK – One Way Ticket
Handong: A song called, Lay Me Down.
Yoohyeon: All songs by Troye Sivan! I like “Youth” and a song called “Kiss Me” that they covered.
Dami: Dynamic Duo's – U-turn.
Gahyeon: Dreamcatcher's – Emotion – which is a side B track but it's a
really cool song. It's very different to Dreamcatcher's title song.
Do you have any bad habits you'd like to fix?
JiU: I don't really have a bad habit to be frank. Hahaha. But I think I need to quit eating up all the food when I am really full.
SuA: I have a habit of playfully hitting people which is usually okay but sometimes I hit hard, so I think I need to work to fix that habit.
Siyeon: I pinch the back of my hand a lot and have the habit of over-thinking too much.
Handong: I get restless unless I concentrate on my eyes constantly.
Yoohyeon: I want to learn how to walk with a straight posture; usually my back is kind of crooked.
Dami: Licking my lips.
Gahyeon: My bad habits would be nibbling the skin from my finger nails, licking my front teeth and rolling my eyes.
Dami
Which stadium or country would you like to perform in the future?
JiU: In honest truth, I want to travel all over the world for a world tour!!!
SuA: We must have a performance in Tokyo Dome in Japan! We want to fill the whole place. And if I was to choose another location, it would be somewhere massive in Europe.
Siyeon: Japan! I like their uniqueness in terms of the sound system and recording.
Handong: An end-of-the year performance in Korea or I want to go to China.
Yoohyeon: I have loads of places where we want to perform. I want to go a bunch of places including; Denmark, Sweden, Germany, France, USA, Finland, Thailand, Russia, China, Japan, Australia and etc.
Dami: I want to perform in diverse places, both domestic and abroad.
Gahyeon: I want to travel all over the world!!! A world tour!
Gahyeon
Please let us know about your goals and aspirations are for the future and please add something nice for your fans. We at KCRUSH hope 2017 will be one special year for you!
JiU: I personally want to receive the Newcomer's award as well as the award for the performance. I hope it all comes true! We hope that Dreamcatcher will get placed on the charts.
And we want to let you know that we miss our fans, although we don't get to see them very often but they are always on our minds. We love our fans!
SuA: Hi everyone! This is Dreamcatcher's SuA ~ I am so happy everyday due to your love and interest. We are boosted by the chants from our fans even if it means less sleep for us from working hard.
We will work extra hard to meet the expectation of our fans, so please show love and interest!!! We don't need to consume vitamins when we're with our fans. We love you all! ♡♡
Siyeon: We want to have a schedule that will keep us really busy this year so 2017 will be the year for Dreamcatcher!!! We will keep our fans entertained. We love you!
Handong: We want to have a number 1 on the charts this year; it won't be easy but we will try hard! We are always thankful to our fans for their dedication and support!
Yoohyeon: We want to become active not just in Korea but abroad; and receive love from fans from all over the world!! That being said, we are going to work extra hard.
Dami: In 2017, we want to top the charts, get the Rookie Award, stay high in the charts whilst we get to meet with our fans frequently.
Gahyeon: This year we really want to receive the Rookie Award that we can't get ever again unless it's given to us this year. I will try to develop myself in all aspects. Thank you for loving and showing support we will do our best to return it all.
Watch out for us and please show us love and support!!
– J.Chung.
It wasn't expected to be this way for Chris Alexander. Four years ago, the Tories recruited the celebrated diplomat—who, at just 34, had been named Canada's ambassador to Afghanistan in 2003—to be a star candidate. After they won a southern Ontario seat in the 2011 election, they seemed destined to be a voice of foreign-policy expertise in a Conservative caucus better known for no-frills populism. Lately, though, he's been deployed as an all-purpose defender of a government under heavy fire. As the Senate spending scandal raged, Alexander appeared often on TV to take the heat. When Edmonton MP Brent Rathgeber quit the Tory caucus last week to sit as an independent, Alexander was tasked with making the case that the government doesn't mistreat its own backbenchers. They say he's happy to pitch in as a “team player.” But they also talk tellingly about how Prime Minister Stephen Harper must soon reclaim control of the political agenda after months of coping with controversy.
In an analysis echoed by many Tory MPs and strategists, Alexander says revelations of improper spending by senators, along with rumblings of unrest among backbench Tory MPs, wouldn't have so thoroughly dominated the news if the Conservatives were pushing fresh policies interesting enough to compete for attention. “The government has to pivot at this point, from focusing on the platform we all ran on in 2011—which I argue strongly we've done a lot of work on—toward framing up a new set of priorities, a new agenda we would take into the next election,” they told Maclean's. In fact, Harper is widely expected to try to do just that in three steps: a major speech at a Conservative party convention late this month in Calgary, followed by a cabinet shuffle sometime this summer, capped by a Throne Speech in the fall that will reframe the Tory agenda heading toward the fixed date of Oct. 19, 2015, for the next federal election.
It's a plan. And if all Harper had to do was outlast the uproar over some senators' dubious expense claims, those three strides might look more than sufficient to carry them into the clear. But their troubles have worsened in ways that transcend the Senate's woes. Two previously undoubted strengths of Harper's governing formula are now being questioned as never before—his inner circle's ability to manage sensitive files, and their hold on the loyalty of their own MPs. The Prime Minister's Office looked almost farcically fallible over Nigel Wright, Harper's powerful chief of staff, having to resign after cutting a $90,000 personal cheque to pay back Sen. Mike Duffy's improperly claimed expenses. Then Rathgeber's indignant exit set off unprecedented grumbling among sympathetic Tory backbenchers. (He quit after their own party's leadership gutted their private member's bill on public servants' pay, legislation that would have required the government to publish senior bureaucrats' salaries.)
Still, Harper loyalists, and they are legion, keep telling each other not to panic. Alexander points to a Canadian economy that continues to outpace those of countries such as the U.S., Britain and even Germany. Indeed, Statistics Canada reported 95,000 new jobs created in May, the best monthly total since 2002. Looking ahead, they tout initiatives designed to speed the path to jobs for students, immigrants and Employment Insurance recipients, and to the government's ambitious trade agenda, including drawn-out negotiations toward a Canada-European Union trade deal. He's far from alone in banking on economic themes resonating with voters long after the scandals have faded. “Of course, the top issue remains jobs and the economy,” says New Brunswick Tory John Williamson, one of several Conservative MPs who, earlier this spring, argued for more freedom for backbenchers to speak as they please in the House, without always being subject to party discipline. “This is the public's top concern and it will remain ours.”
But NDP MP Charlie Angus, a prominent question period performer for the official Opposition on integrity-in-government issues, says Conservatives hoping to revert to back-to-basics economics messages fail to grasp what matters most about their own political brand. “They were elected on accountability,” Angus said, referring to the no-holds-barred Conservative assaults on the Liberals over the so-called sponsorship affair in 2004 and 2005, which led to Harper's first election victory in 2006. They add that Harper showed he's lost touch with the sensitivity of their core supporters to ethics issues by having their officials defend Wright—even praise him—for several days before they accepted their top aide's resignation. “They told ordinary Canadians, ‘Oh, it's perfectly ethical for somebody who wanted to help to write a secret $90,000 cheque,' ” Angus argued. “But average Canadians don't know anybody like that—certainly, the Conservative base doesn't know people like that.”
On parting company with the Conservatives, Rathgeber took the classic tack of blaming the Prime Minister's advisers, rather than Harper himself, especially over the handling of Wright's entanglement with Duffy. They said “the Prime Minister's Office seems to be accountable to nobody, not even the Prime Minister,” and that PMO staffers in their 20s operate “opaquely and routinely without adult supervision.” Harper can't afford to allow the perception to take root that they govern through a highly centralized coterie of unelected aides, dangerously disconnected from the rest of their own party. Their next big chance to prove he's still able to connect directly with Tories off Parliament Hill will come at the Conservative convention from June 27 to 29 in Calgary. While their speech hasn't yet been officially slated, he's expected to set the tone with an address on the opening evening of the three-day confab. Party delegates will have a chance to vent at sessions closed to the media on the second day, with policy resolutions coming to the floor for an open session on the final day.
Coming after such a bruising spring political season, the convergence of Tory true-believers on Calgary is taking on greater importance than is typical for this sort of policy convention. A veteran Conservative who has worked closely with Harper in the past, who asked not to be quoted by name, predicted the Prime Minister's team will be working overtime to keep any dissent from erupting into the open sessions. “I expect it will be very tightly managed, in terms of what the media see,” they said. “What goes on behind closed doors is another matter.” They doubt Harper will announce anything particularly dramatic at the convention. “He will be inclined to ride this out, then shuffle their cabinet, prorogue Parliament and come back in the fall with some new policy positions and direction.”
As for any further backbench revolt in the wake of Rathgeber's departure, senior Conservatives say even those MPs who harbour private grievances have good reason to maintain discipline. For a few, there's the possibility of a promotion in that widely anticipated summer cabinet shuffle. Others are being reminded that, despite Rathgeber's anger over the government's handling of their public-sector salaries bill, backbench Tory MPs have been unusually successful in seeing their private members' legislation actually passed into law. They range from a bill outlawing people from wearing masks during riots, to another allowing consumers to ship wine they've bought across provincial borders, to an act now before the Senate that would force unions to disclose details of their finances to public scrutiny. “It kind of runs counter to the theme of MPs as nobodies,” says Tory House leader Peter Van Loan. As for those MPs who remain agitated, some insiders shrug that off as unavoidable for a party that's been in power for more than seven years. “We're in our third term,” says one Conservative strategist. “It doesn't surprise me that there's some discontent.”
In the end, Harper's ability to maintain control will probably depend on whether their troops continue to see them as their best bet for winning the next campaign. He's being seriously tested. Polls have put the Liberals in first place since Justin Trudeau won their leadership in April. NDP Leader Thomas Mulcair scored the praise of pundits, at least, for their question period interrogations of Harper on Wright's personal bailout of Duffy.
It all adds up to a watershed moment for Harper's Tories. Alexander predicts Calgary will showcase the “strength of our organization and of our ideas.” Both look urgently in serious need of some mid-term refurbishing.
President Trump on Monday signed a revised executive order suspending the refugee program as well as entry to the U.S. for travelers from six mostly Muslim countries, curtailing what was a broadly worded directive in a bid to withstand court scrutiny.
As before, the order will suspend refugee entries for 120 days. But it no longer will suspend Syrian refugee admissions indefinitely.
The new order also will ban travelers from six countries who did not obtain a visa before Jan. 27 from entering the United States for 90 days. The directive no longer includes Iraq, as the original order did, but covers immigration and travel from Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen.
Iraq, a key U.S. ally in the fight against ISIS, was removed from the travel ban list after Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said they spoke with the Iraqi government about its vetting process and felt that the screening system was thorough enough to stand on its own.
Trump privately signed the new order Monday while Tillerson, Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly formally unveiled the new order in an event with reporters. They took no questions. The first version of the order, by contrast, was unveiled during a presidential signing ceremony at the Pentagon's Hall of Heroes.
Tillerson defended the new order on Monday, saying Trump is using “his rightful authority” to keep people safe.
“This order is part of our ongoing efforts to eliminate vulnerabilities that radical Islamic terrorists can and will exploit,” they added.
Kelly said the new executive order “will make America more secure.”
“Unvetted travel isn't a privilege especially when national security is at stake,” they said.
Among other things, the revised order also makes clear that green card holders are not affected.
“If you have travel documents, if you actually have a visa, if you are a legal permanent resident, you are not covered under this particular executive action,” White House Counselor Kellyanne Conway told Fox News earlier Monday. “I think people will see six or seven major points about this executive order that do clarify who is covered.”
The Trump administration also plans to cap the number of refugees it accepts to 50,000 a year – down sharply from the 110,000 accepted by the Obama administration.
According to the new executive order, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security will have 20 days to perform a “global, country-by-country review of the identity and security information that each country provides to the U.S. government to support U.S. visa and other immigration benefit determinations.”
Countries will then have 50 days to comply with requests to update or improve the “quality” of the information they provide to U.S. officials.
For countries that don't comply, the State Department, DHS and intelligence agencies can make additional recommendations on what, if any, restrictions should be imposed.
The new order also details categories of people eligible to enter the United States for business or medical travel purposes.
Almost immediately, there was pushback from Democratic lawmakers and human rights groups.
“A watered down ban is still a ban,” Sen. Charles Schumer, D-N.Y., said in a written statement. “Despite the administration's changes, this dangerous executive order makes us less safe, not more, it is mean-spirited, and un-American. It must be repealed.”
Despite the changes, it's unclear whether the new version can withstand judicial challenges.
“I fully expect this executive order to have the same uphill climb in the courts that the previous version had,” Schumer said.
Omar Jadwat, director of the ACLU's Immigrants' Rights Project, agreed.
“President Trump has recommitted themselves to religious discrimination, and they can expect continued disapproval from both the courts and the people,” they said in a statement.
More than two dozen lawsuits were filed in response to the original travel ban. One suit filed in Washington state succeeded in having the order suspended by arguing that it violated constitutional protections against religious discrimination.
Trump's original order prohibited travelers from seven nations including Iraq from entering the U.S. for 90 days and all refugees for 120 days. Refugees from Syria were banned indefinitely, but under the new order they are not given separate treatment.
The White House was criticized the first time around for its rocky rollout of the travel ban. Trump has expressed frustration both in person and on social media over the stalled ban, at times targeting the courts and federal judges who they claimed put the country at risk by holding up the order.
Last week, Trump told reporters at the White House that “the new order is going to be very much tailored to what I consider to be a very bad decision.”
Despite widespread belief the first order was done in haste, Trump and other White House officials have repeatedly called it a success.
Under the new order, the original order is revoked.
As more details emerge about the deadly attacks in Paris on Friday night, a senior Turkish official claims that Ankara warned French authorities about one of the attackers twice in the past year.
As the investigation continues into the bloodbath that left 129 people dead, one of the attackers responsible for the attacks on the French capital has been identified as Omar Ismail Mostefai. According to one high-ranking official, speaking on condition of anonymity, Mostefai had been identified as a threat by Turkish intelligence over a year ago.
© REUTERS / Christian Hartmann Hackers: ISIL Terrorists Linked to Paris Attacks Had $3 Million in Bitcoins
The official claims that Mostefai, a native of Paris, entered Turkey in 2013, but that there was no record of the 29-year-old ever leaving. When French authorities requested information on four terror suspects in October of 2014, Ankara added Mostefai's name to that list as a fifth suspect.
"[Turkish authorities] notified their French counterparts twice – in December 2014 and June 2015 [about Mostefai]," the official said, according to Al Jazeera.
"We have, however, not heard back from France on the matter. It was only after the Paris attacks that the Turkish authorities received an information request about Omar Ismail Mostefai from Turkey."
The comments come as Western intelligence agencies face intense scrutiny over how they failed to anticipate Friday night's attacks. The Turkish official stressed the need for greater international cooperation to prevent future tragedies.
"This is not a time to play the blame game, but we are compelled to share the above information to shed light on Omar Ismail Mostefai's travel history," they said.
"The case…clearly establishes that intelligence sharing and effective communication are crucial to counter-terrorism efforts. The Turkish government expects closer cooperation from its allies in the future."
This sentiment was echoed by Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogen during a speech at the G20 Summit on Monday.
"We are resolved to address this threat by enhancing our cooperation and developing relevant measures to prevent and tackle this phenomenon, including operational information-sharing, border management to detect travel, preventive measures and appropriate criminal justice response," they said, according to Al Jazeera.
US officials have also said Washington intends to increase intelligence cooperation with Paris.
© AP Photo / Militant Photo Paris Attacks Mastermind Planned to Carry Out Plot in Beginning of 2015
"In the wake of the recent attack on France, we stand strong and firm with our oldest ally, which is why the US and France have decided to bolster our intelligence sharing," US Defense Department spokesperson Peter Cook said in a statement released on Monday.
Mostefai was killed during the raid on the Bataclan concert hall, where gunman took hostages and killed dozens. Since the attacks, French authorities have conducted 168 raids across the country, arresting 23 suspected of being involved in the incident.
Brussels has also conducted its own raids following reports that the "mastermind" of the attacks was a Belgian citizen identified as Abdelhamid Abaaoud.
I remember the first time I tried tofu. It was raw in a whole grain wrap along with some mustard and veggies and I honestly couldn't finish it. And when it comes to food I'm a trooper. I'll finish just about anything as I hate wasting food. But, tofu did not strike my fancy from the start and it's never really been my favorite, even in my hardcore vegetarian days.
But, that all changed recently during a trip to San Antonio when I ate the best tofu of my life. It was in a veggie stir-fry over coconut brown rice at a restaurant called Green Vegetarian Cuisine. If you're ever in the area you must stop by and try this dish. Your view of tofu will be forever changed – promise.
Two bites in and I was in heaven. I had to flag the waiter down and ask them how in the world they made the tofu taste so good! I thought it was fried, but it wasn't. Haaaa-llelujah.
The best part? It wasn't wet or soft or soggy or lacking in flavor at all like all of the tofu I'd tried prior. They rattled off a few instructions and I made a mental note. That same week I hopped in the kitchen and gave it a go myself.
It really worked you guys! I love tofu now. It might not be as delicious as Green Vegetarian Cuisine's version, but it's very close. And the more I practice the better I'll get. I have a very good feeling about this.
The basic trick is first drying the tofu, then baking it at a high temperature to brown it and create a tougher texture, and then letting it set out to dry even more. This gives it a “meat-like” texture, if you will, that makes it much more porous to soak up delicious sauces and far more appetizing in the texture department. With this tofu I can't help but finish it all – it's too delicious not to!
For this recipe I made a quick and simple stir-fry but once you have the basics down this tofu could be used in just about any recipe you already love. It works extremely well in stir fries because they tend to be very saucy, but I also imagine it would be delicious over salad, in faux-egg salads and even with BBQ sauce.
I hope to incorporate it into more of the meals we regularly prepare to see just how versatile it is. But from what I've tasted so far, I have very high hopes.
Because it was diced, baked, left out to dry and then stir-fried in the sauce, the tofu soaked up so much flavor, rendering it absolutely irresistible. Try this tofu and let me know what you think! I think even your tofu-hating friends will approve.
Midtown-based Bridgewater Capital Partners just paid $30 million for a hefty piece of the Staten Island pie, although the company will not be able to use the full parcel for development. The 38.8 acre property at 1 Nassau Place is partly surrounded by Mill Creek, making some of the land unusable due to wetlands.
Regardless, the company has ambitious plans for the area, which they purchased from Alcatel-Lucent, a telecommunications company, in an off-market and all-cash transaction, according to property records found by The Real Deal. The land is currently vacant and zoned for industrial, retail and office use, with potential to build up to 3.5 million square feet.
Bridgewater wants to rezone the site for a senior assisted living facility as well as a residential development. The company is also looking for a development partner to build a big-box retail site, which would span 220,000 square feet, and another residential complex. TRD heard from a source that Bridgewater is already in talks with several Manhattan-based real estate investment trusts for the residential component. And Kimco Realty, a New Hyde Park firm that specializes in open-air shopping centers, is in the running to co-develop the retail site.
Mark Yunger, a partner at Bridgewater Capital, told TRD that they think Staten Island is ripe "to be the next Brooklyn." (The firm also owns a development site in Greenpoint, at 161 West Street.) "It's a market I believe that hasn't been fully taken advantage of," they said.
Fresh claims of cronyism, misuse of members' funds and union resources being used for Labor preselection campaigns have hit the Health Services Union in Victoria, with its assistant secretary asking the Fair Work Commission to investigate.
Federal Labor MP and opposition leadership candidate Bill Shorten last year put the strife-torn union into administration, and former Darebin mayor Diana Asmar was elected secretary in December 2012.
Mr Shorten's friend and factional ally Kimberley Kitching was appointed general manager shortly after.
Now it has been alleged by the union's assistant secretary that, among other things, Ms Kitching used union resources on their failed preselection campaigns for the safe Labor seats of Gellibrand and Lalor.
Leonie Flynn, who ran against Ms Asmar's team in bitterly contested elections, last week handed the Fair Work Commission a 36-page statement about claimed issues at the union.
Officials said this week a new website that makes it easy to use and interact with all kinds of data Cincinnati collects is getting lots of visitors.
CincyInsights launched last month and so far has 20,222 total site hits.
Chief Performance Officer Leigh Tami said there were lots of visits during last week's snow event. The new snow plow tracker updates every seven minutes.
"So that means it's updated with real-time data for the snow plow every seven minutes. [It] got, I think, 6,600 views," Tami said. "So that's pretty significant for one snow event. We got a lot of really positive feedback and we're working on building in the capability to search by street."
The site tracks a total of 15 service areas and users can sort data by various filters including neighborhood, month, time of day and more.
During the last month, the heroin dashboard had 3,716 views. The police response activity dashboard had 3,512 views and the fire department EMS incident response activity had 3,013 views.
City officials said those numbers are expected to continue increasing.
"It gives us a way of communicating and sharing what we do on a day-to-day basis with the everyday person out there who we're working for," said City Manager Harry Black.
CincyInsights is part of the city's Office of Data and Performance Analytics. It is designed to foster transparency and use data to improve the way the city's government works.
At CES, Singapore-based ST Electronics was showing off a new security device that can be installed in nearly any notebook computer to protect its data from prying eyes—Digisafe DiskCrypt, a hard-disk enclosure that turns any 1.8-inch micro-SATA device into removable and fully encrypted storage. The enclosure, which is the size of a 2.5" drive, can be used as a drop-in replacement for existing drives.
Some of the biggest data breaches have happened because of lost or stolen storage. I have some personal experience in this department: I've had my personal information potentially exposed on a few occasions now, including once in 2006 by the theft of a laptop and unencrypted external drive from an employee of Department of Veterans Affairs. As a result, at-rest encryption of data has become a major issue for companies trying to prevent data breaches from laptops that grow legs, lest they run afoul of Sarbanes-Oxley, HIPAA, or other regulations.
One solution is encrypting the contents of the drive with software like Bitlocker or Mac OS X's FileVault. But even with AES encryption, software-based approaches aren't always a deterrent to a determined attacker—keys can sometimes be recovered from the PC's memory.
That's why the Trusted Computing Group, an industry standards organization focused on security standards, has been pushing self-encrypting storage as a solution. Self-encrypting drives keep the key on cryptographic firmware on the disk itself, and all of the data on the disk—even the operating system—is encrypted. Zap the crypto on the drive's firmware, and the drive is as good as erased, since it can't be recovered practically.
DiskCrypt takes a similar approach, providing firmware within the enclosure that performs pass-through encryption and decryption. It uses AES encryption, and has a NIST FIPS 140-2 level 1 certified cryptographic module—meaning that it has been certified by the feds for basic information security, but not for classified information, as it's specifically single-user. The encryption module is available in 128-bit electronic codebook (ECB) and 256-bit ECB or cipher-block chaining (CBC) versions.
Before boot, DiskCrypt requires a USB dongle to be plugged in to pass the key, and it can also be optionally configured to require the user to enter a password for two-factor authentication. The hardware can handle up to150MBps of data throughput, so once it has been activated it's completely transparent. ST Electronics' deputy director Jimmy Neo claimed the encryption module has no impact on read/write performance.
All this is pretty standard for a self-encrypted drive. The main advantage of DiskCrypt is that it can be put into nearly any existing notebook. If there's a drive failure, a need to move from hard disk to SSD—or just swap out the drive—the enclosure can be quickly opened and the storage device popped out. Separated from the encryption enclosure, the drive is practically the same as destroyed.
President-elect Donald Trump, flanked by their wife Melania and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), walk in the Capitol on Nov. 10. (AP Photo/Molly Riley)
Daniel W. Drezner is a professor of international politics at the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University and a regular contributor to PostEverything
Donald Trump is not even president yet and already it's the end of America as we know it. At least, that is the conclusion one could draw from the reactions to Trump's post-election hires and meetings and tweets. And to be fair, it's been somewhat difficult to keep track of the various norms and ethical guidelines that President-elect Trump has violated while he's busy planning how to make America great again.
In no particular order, Trump has:
This seems like a lot — or, in the words being repeated so often that SNL has already satirized them, this is not normal. And we haven't even got to the policies that Trump, as president, could implement, including plans on trade protectionism and curtailing civil service protections in the government.
The combined effect of all of these actions has been to freak out a lot of experts.
Important for everyone to see how many scholars/journalists who study illiberal/authoritarian regimes are deeply alarmed about US right now — Brendan Nyhan (@BrendanNyhan) November 21, 2016
The excellent political science blog Duck of Minerva is running a series of posts about the possible effects of a Trump administration on American democracy. A post by two comparative politics scholars sounds pretty ominous: “Developments in the United States bear an uncomfortable resemblance to those that fore-shadowed the decline of democracy elsewhere in the world (Poland, Hungary, and Russia, and earlier, Latin America in the 1960s and interwar Europe).”
At the same time as these warnings are occurring, some contrarians are suggesting that such freakouts are counterproductive. Even #NeverTrump conservatives are bathing in schadenfreude, pointing out that liberals and academics and Democrats made hyperbolic warnings about past Republican candidates for president, and so current warnings seem like crying wolf too many times.
Politico's Jack Shafer, reacting to the Hamilton kerfuffle, thinks that Trump's critics are falling right into their trap:
For anybody who has read a half-dozen of Trump's tweets, the pattern is obvious. They compile these tweets precisely in order to elicit strident protest. It doesn't matter to Trump that the cast of Hamilton was polite and respectful to Pence. It doesn't matter that being rude to office holders is an inalienable right — hell, a responsibility! — of all Americans. To Trump's followers the content of any one of their rebukes matters less than whom it's directed at — New York liberals and their fellow travelers in this instance.
Shafer focused on Trump's antics on Twitter, but as someone who shares my colleagues' concerns about what Trump means for our constitutional democracy, I want to raise a deeper issue. Because if Trump's critics are going to be trying to constrain someone whose mindset is that “politics is war,” it might be worth thinking about tactics for a spell.
Donald Trump's political critics will face some huge challenges in dealing with someone so good at demagoguery. The first problem is that some of their proposed policies will be popular. Those who work in the private sector are unlikely to feel tremendous sympathy for threats made against public sector employees, for example. Most of the American public either doesn't know or doesn't care about the norms that Trump is breaching. Indeed, since Trump promised to change the way things are done in Washington, it will be easy for their loyal acolytes and toadies to embrace these transgressions as positive change.
A related problem is that the people who are saying that “this is not normal” are experts, and experts are finding that it's a bearish market for their services in the American public right now. When someone like Henry Kissinger (??!!) says, “The Trump phenomenon is in large part a reaction of Middle America to attacks on its values by intellectual and academic communities,” you know something has shifted.
The most serious challenge is that Trump's critics will have a big problem with counterfactual reasoning. The basic argument of those who oppose Trump is that, in violating small norms, they are laying the groundwork for violating bigger norms and laws down the road. It's a slippery slope argument, one that evokes the most obvious parallels about the rise of fascism in the interwar period.
The thing about this kind of argument is that the critic is trying to convince the listener that the slippery slope exists. That listener, who might be sympathetic to at least part of Trump's message, will naturally be more skeptical. Every time Trump backtracks on a minor issue, it will be easy for sympathizers to persuade themselves that their critics are hysterical and have overreacted. Indeed, it is quite possible that they have overreacted. We don't know the future. We don't know if full-blown Trumpism would lead to the end of liberal democracy as we know it.
The economic parallel to this problem is when someone claims that we are experiencing a financial bubble before it has popped. If the Federal Reserve listens, intervenes and successfully slows down the economy, it receives criticism for causing a downturn without any actual evidence that a bubble existed or would have popped. If the Federal Reserve does nothing and a bubble does pop, everyone recognizes that the warnings were correct — but it's too late to do anything but clean up the mess.
Warn Americans about Trump too early, and most Americans will believe that you are overreacting. Warn Americans about Trump too late, and it's too late. The challenge to those worried about Trump's threat to liberal democracy is to figure out the best moment to sound the alarm.
I don't think we can possibly be at that point until after Jan. 20. But what worries me is that I don't know that for sure.
Words to consider as we prepare to take a closer look at Carl Jung's unique view of the human condition as expressed in the Jung's Individuation Process. There have been similar undertakings into the minds of Freud, Rogers, Adler and other forefathers of modern psychology. Each of these theories offer a unique perspective on the human personality.
What is presented is an overview of the thinking from what we call today the classic schools of psychology. These schools of thought or psychological theories were all developed in the first half of 20th century. Most of these theories had a shared paradigm, which is the multi-tier view of the human mind.
That paradigm includes the long-standing acceptance of a conscious/sub-conscious world at work within us. In addition to a shared paradigm, the methodology used by these psychologists includes to varying degree both scientific study and practical case experience. The results of combining their theories are additive rather than paradigm shifting.
With this as the backdrop we enter the world of the Swiss psychiatrist/psychotherapist Carl Jung.  They are best known for their work in developing the field of analytical psychology. We will see that the concept of Individuation holds center stage in Jung's analytical psychology. According to Jung, it is individuation that is the central process of human development
Individuation – A Definition
From a linguistic point of view definition of terms and meaning introduces the potential for understanding. While individuation has become the property of the world of psychology it is worth noting that Jung intended for it to be a much more than that. For them it encompasses the philosophical, mystical, and spiritual areas of the human being.
The word itself has roots going back to the 1600's when it was used to identify a person as an individual or individuation. Here again, Jung applied another of the elements of the classic psychology paradigm; the freedom to rename and redefine within a limited scope those terms that apply to the work at hand.
In the broadest possible way, individuation can be defined as the achievement of self-actualization through a process of integrating the conscious and the unconscious. Once again, any accurate understanding of Jung should come from him.
Jung and Freud
As we venture forward there is an interesting linking between Jung and Freud. In addition to the obvious one, their close proximity in the time that both were working on their projects, it was from about 1906 until they severed their ties, including their friendship in 1911 that Jung and Freud collaborated on their work. The influence of Freud can be noted in some of Jung's work.
Understanding Jung
If there were ever an example of a work in progress, Jung provides it. As their work evolved they uncovered more and more subtleties needing development. It is far beyond the scope of this article to go there, but anyone interested in learning more can find it in Jung's works and on the internet. Here are but a few of their key ideas:
Analytical psychology, or Jungian psychology: emphasizes the primary importance of the individual psyche and the personal quest for wholeness.
Jungian Archetypes: One area of Jungian psychology that can become a bit overwhelming is their use of the archetype model. Drawn from many of Plato's ideas Jung archetypes are held by the individual and it is their unique experiences and reinforced through the collective unconsciousness that define their archetypes.
A better understanding of the archetypes used by Jung can be found in this definition, “An archetype is an original model of a person, ideal example, or a prototype upon which others are copied, patterned, or emulated; a symbol universally recognized by all. In psychology, an archetype is a model of a person, personality, or behavior.”
For Jung archetypes consist of universal, mythic characters that reside within the collective unconscious of people the world over. Archetypes represent fundamental human motifs of our experience as we evolved; consequentially, they evoke deep emotions.
The scope of archetypes is very broad. With many different archetypes, Jung relied on only a part of the congregate number. They then further divided them into three set that symbolize basic human motivations. Each type has its own set of values, meanings and personality traits: Ego, Soul and Self. The types in each set share a common driving source, for example types within the Ego set are driven to fulfill ego-defined agendas.
Most, if not all, people have several archetypes at play in their personality construct. Jung postulated that each person carries dominate archetypes within. It is through Jung's process of psychoanalysis that they encourage self-examination to identify them. This is how self-actualization occurs.
While Jung was and remains today an enigma of sorts, their impact on the field of psychology is enormous. When viewed out of context many of their archetype descriptions can bring a smile to the face. Take this one of their many reports. It is about the presence of an unconscious duality within each of us called Anima and Animus, our true selves. Rogers practiced conversations with these figures arguing that each represents gender specific traits to help guide us.
The Jungian Process
What follows is a brief overview of Jung's process of attaining individuation. It comes about through Jung's development analytical psychology. That process looks like this:
The next step in the process is the integration of the ego (consciousness) with the personal and collective self.
The ego Personal unconscious Collective unconscious
This results in identification of archetypes that shape and define the human experience. Here are a few:
Self: Unification of the individual's ego, personal and collective unconsciousness
The Shadow: Base for sexual and life instincts.
Anima and Animus: Male/female identities.
The Persona: Self presentation.
The father: Authority figure; stern; powerful.
The mother: Nurturing; comforting.
The child: Longing for innocence; rebirth; salvation.
The wise old man: Guidance; knowledge; wisdom.
The hero: Champion; defender; rescuer.
The maiden: Innocence; desire; purity.
The trickster: Deceiver; liar; trouble-maker.
Offering a unique approach to the practice of classical psychology Carl Jung left us with a comprehensive inter-disciplinary approach to the psychology of the human personality.
Image Credit: flickr.com/photos/h-k-d/6984394425/
HOUSTON, TX - SEPTEMBER 03: The Houston Cougars celebrate after they defeated the Oklahoma Sooners 33-23 during the Advocare Texas Kickoff on September 3, 2016 in Houston, Texas. (Photo by Scott Halleran/Getty Images)
By Garret Heinrich (@GarretHeinrich)
The Houston Cougars (15) got over their biggest single hump of the season by absolutely dismantling the Oklahoma Sooners (3) in the Advocare Texas Kickoff at NRG stadium on Saturday. That has cleared the path for Tom Herman to take the Coogs and become the first non-power five conference team to make it into the College Football Playoff.
It's too early and too much can happen to really know if this will happen, but everyone will start talking about the Cougars and their chances of being a team that breaks up the dance between the big boys. Since the conversation is going to happen, we thought we'd look at what it will take to get the University of Houston a chance to play for the National Championship, something that is a very possible now.
They need to take care of everyone on their schedule:
The only way the Cougars make it into the final four is by running the table and proving they deserve to be there by being 13-0 at the end of the season. This seems like something that is a viable outcome for the Cougars when you look at the rest of their schedule.
The toughest tests for UH will be Louisville (19) at home late in the year as well as at Cincinnati in two weeks. Also, the AAC championship game will be a test, but one that the Coogs should be up for.
The Cougars would also want Oklahoma to play exceptionally well and keep their win over the team ranked 3rd at the time of their meeting in the top 25 for the rest of the year. A two loss Oklahoma would be the best thing for the Cougars, especially if their only losses are to them and Ohio State.
That is something UH can't control. They can only control what they do, and they need to win out. It's the only way. They could also use some help from some other teams in the country. If there are four undefeated teams besides UH the committee could decide to leave out the Cougars because of their weaker schedule. This is, of course, only if the other four undefeated teams are from power five conferences. UH is obviously the best non-power five team in the country if they run the table.
What else needs to happen for UH to secure one of those coveted four spots?
No other undefeated teams:
If no one else goes undefeated it obviously makes a case for the Cougars to get in as a team that started the year ranked and ran the table. But that is the best way for UH to get into the playoffs. It would be hard to keep a 13-0 Coogs out of the top four if everyone else has at least one loss. It could happen, but it would be really hard to make a case for that.
The SEC championship game needs to be between two (at least) one-loss teams:
The worst thing that might happen for UH is if the SEC sees an undefeated battle in their championship game. We know the committee is enamored with the SEC. If Alabama (1) and Tennessee (9) were to run the table in the regular season, outside of their game against each other, a close championship game would probably drop both of them into the playoffs. This would make it hard for the committee to put UH in over either of those teams AND it would leave a lot of other possibilities for just two teams to jump UH. Any other undefeated team and a strong one-loss conference champion would probably get in over UH.
The Pac 12 needs a dominant force:
One team in the Pac 12 needs to show that they are the class of the conference which boasts five top 25 teams to start the year. The Coogs would likely like that dominant team to be Oregon (24) could lose one game and win the Pac 12 and actually get left out of the college football playoff. Getting one of the power five conferences out of the running is a big boost for the Cougars.
Notre Dame stumbles:
With no conference championship to boost their claim, the independents will need to lose a game to help out the Coogs and to drop them behind the undefeated team in the rankings and chances at getting in the playoffs. The Fighting Irish don't have one game that really screams ‘okay to lose' and make the playoffs. A one loss Notre Dame likely sits behind UH in the standings
The Big Ten beat each other up:
A two-loss or even a one-loss Big Ten champion could fall behind the undefeated Coogs and help them get one of the last four spots. It would be beneficial for all the Big Ten teams to just lose to each other so the champion has two losses.
Clemson (2) is the only good team in the ACC:
Florida State (4) would have to stumble, but it is very plausible Clemson comes out as the easy ACC Champion and grabs a spot in the playoffs alongside UH. An even better scenario is both Florida State and Clemson lose two games or one game to a far inferior opponent, making the ACC Champion a question mark for one of the four playoff positions.
Oklahoma wins the Big 12 after an impressive performance post loss to UH:
If the Sooners run the table the rest of the year it would almost ensure an undefeated Houston team getting into the playoffs over other one-loss teams.
There are a lot of things that could happen and a lot of games left to be played, but now that the Cougars have started the year off upsetting Oklahoma, every time UH wins and a top ranked school loses it helps the University of Houston get closer to becoming the first non-power five team to make the College Football Playoff.
(Via Cody Stoots) Things Houston doesn't NEED to happen but would really help their case a lot:
Navy has two losses, to Houston and Notre Dame, at the end of the year.
Cincinnati's lone loss comes via the Cougars.
Louisville upsets one of the ACC favorites (Florida State or Clemson) and Houston beats them in November.
If it wasn't clear to first-generation Galaxy Gear owners that they were beta testing a new product category for Samsung, it should be obvious now: the company has just announced not one but two follow-ups to its original smartwatch. Both the Gear 2 and Gear 2 Neo drop Samsung's Galaxy branding and follow the original Gear by a bare five months.
Neither watch's key specs differ all that much from the first Gear. Both of them have 1.63-inch 320×320 AMOLED displays, 4GB of internal storage, 512MB of RAM, Bluetooth 4.0, and an IR blaster, all identical to the first-generation watch. The biggest internal difference is probably a 1.0GHz dual-core SoC of unspecified make (one of Samsung's own Exynos chips seems like a good bet), an upgrade from the 800MHz single-core chip from the first Gear. The extra performance should help to smooth out some of the performance jitters we noticed in the first Gear. Despite the extra CPU core and a somewhat smaller 300mAh battery, Samsung claims that both Gear 2 watches will last two or three days between charges, roughly doubling the runtime of the original Gear.
Samsung has made even larger changes to the software, jettisoning the original Gear's customized Android 4.2.2 in favor of its own home-grown Tizen operating system. Tizen is a Linux-based mobile OS that rose from the ashes of the MeeGo project back in 2011, and counts Samsung and Intel among its major backers. Engadget notes that the Gear watches are two of the very first commercial products to run Tizen, after Samsung's NX300M camera.
Visually, the new software is similar to the old—Samsung's promotional shots all show light white text and images on a black background, saving power by keeping as few of the AMOLED panel's pixels active as possible. However, using Google's debug tools to hack around with the Gear will no longer be possible (not a huge loss, unless you enjoy minuscule games ofand Candy Crush). We'll need to wait to get some hands-on time before we can talk any more about how the new software differs from the old. It's also unclear whether the Tizen watches mean that the old Android one will stop getting new updates and apps, or if Gear apps will be compatible with all three watches.
The differences between the Gear 2 and Gear 2 Neo are relatively small. Both include a new hardware Home button on the face, and both will be offered with replaceable wristbands in a variety of colors ("Charcoal Black, Gold Brown and Wild Orange" for the Gear 2 and "Charcoal Black, Mocha Grey and Wild Orange" for the Neo). The Gear 2's face is metal while the Gear 2 Neos is plastic, making the Neo a little larger but a little lighter (37.9 x 58.8 x 10.0mm and 55g for the Neo compared to 36.9 x 58.4x 10.0 mm and 68g for the Gear 2). Finally, the Gear 2 will include a 2.0 MP camera integrated into the body of the watch, while the Gear 2 Neo includes no camera option. The original Gear used a strap-mounted camera that added extra bulk and made the strap impossible to replace.
Both the Gear 2 and Gear 2 Neo will be available worldwide in April for as-yet-undisclosed prices (expect the Neo to be the cheaper of the two options). Like the first Gear, the watches will only interface with compatible Galaxy phones and tablets and not products from other OEMs or software ecosystems. Thanks to the Android 4.3 and 4.4 updates Samsung has been distributing to its various devices over the last few months, that list should be much more expansive than it was when the original Gear launched.
Ars will be on the ground at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona this week, and we should be able to spend some hands-on time with the new watches there.
Rep. Steve King (R-IA) told a crowd in South Carolina this week that unemployed people were like children who wanted to eat before they had done their chores.
At a closed-door Charleston event put on by conservative activist Mallory Factor, King said that there were over 100 million people between the ages of 16 and 74 who were “simply not in the work force.”
“Now, what kind of family, if you had six kids and a third of you kids would say, ‘I'm not doing the chores, mom'?” they opined. “If any of them say, ‘I refuse, I'm not going to participate, I'm not going to contribute to the American GDP,' pretty soon those kids would be on the — you get to eat after you do the work! Not just in hopes that one day you might actually do the work!”
“And so here we sit, this great big country that is a family, and we have common interests and a common history and a common culture and a common language and we have free enterprise capitalism, and this all should tie us together,” King continued. “See what's happening? A hundred million Americans aren't contributing. And yet, we're looking out across the border and saying, let's bring in some more people that are uneducated, unskilled. And we're going to put them into the unskilled workforce, and somehow we're going to increase our economy.”
The Iowa Republican argued that “there's not one person the world that's memorized the names” of all of the welfare programs offered by the United States government, which they claimed “guarantee almost a middle class standard of living.”
Near the end of their remarks, King recalled that they had been criticized by “one of those left-wing mainstream media outlets” for not correcting a constituent who told them that President Barack Obama was a “Muslim and a Marxist.”
“I don't know their religion, I don't question that at all,” the member of congress explained. “But my answer was, ‘Well, he's at least a Marxist.' And they didn't criticize that part. They don't want to go down that path.”
Watch this video from Liberty Studio, recorded Aug. 26, 2013.
(h/t: Right Wing Watch)
LAUNCH CONFIRMED!
Cue "it's been a long road" and other emotional phrases, and you have probably heard about this by now, but:
Perpetuum will be officially released on Steam on the 23rd of April. (Yes, this year :)
Feel free to check out our store page - though there is not much to look at yet, but some discussions have already started there.
Steam beta access
Those who already own the game are now able to link their Perpetuum and Steam accounts on our website and receive a free copy of the game on Steam. We have set up a new Account connections section under account management where you can do this.
Note that this is only a small gift for our loyal players and future purchases of Perpetuum on our website will not mean that you will also get a Steam key. Since Steam is not a requirement to access the game and will not give players any in-game benefits, we will still be offering Perpetuum through our own store as well.
For now Steam access is still in beta stage (earlier than Early Access), so there might still be some small bugs or things missing.
Gamma reset and testing
The most important information you need to know that the gamma reset will happen a day before the Steam launch, on April 22.
Since the last patch, the client includes the personal and corporation-level reimbursement selectors, where you can tell us the target terminal where you would like to have your gamma items transferred on the day of the reset. (More info in the patch notes.)
Meanwhile we've been working on the changes that justify the whole gamma reset in the first place, namely to terraform limitation and the colony building network restrictions. Both of these will be out on the public test server very soon, and we kindly urge you to break it in any way you can. We're also putting down a mobile teleport next to the TM Alpha terminal on the test server which leads to the gamma test zone, so you won't have to walk all the way unnecessarily. More info on the testing forum soon.
Depending on how testing and development of this goes, the best case scenario is that we don't shut down gammas at all, but do the reset on the 22nd and you can immediately take it back with the improved mechanics in place. In case we encounter some serious issues during testing, we will still have the reset on the 22nd, but will close down gammas on the same day until we can deploy the changes.
Twitch intergration
Gameplay features always have priority, but Gargaj has been working on integrating Twitch's one-click video streaming into the client whenever they had some spare time, so this is also coming very soon. Complete with Twitch chat integration, Twitch account linking, and eye-twitching Perpetuum video stream overdose!
Also, some of you have asked our stand regarding video sharing and monetization, so we've put up a policy page on our website - see here.
Since winning the Feature Shoot Emerging Photography Award a little less than two months ago, my portfolio has been featured on the Huffington Postas well as in GUP Magazine, and I am honored to share that I have received the Peter Urban Legacy Award, selected by esteemed juror Elizabeth Avedon for the Griffin Museum Juried Show. This July, New York based gallery Station Independent Projects will be showcasing an image from ‘Beautiful Boy' in WE:AMEricans, curated by Ruben Natal-San Miguel and Leah Oats. In August I will also have several works in ‘Sensitive Surface,' a group exhibition exploring the representation of the male body in Contemporary photography at Fotogalleri Vasli Souza (Malmö, Sweden). Particularly gratifying was the interview with Feature Shoot's Ellyn Kail, who took extra care to produce a sensitive and thoughtful article. —Lissa Rivera
JAIPUR: The interrogation of Shambulal Raigar , the alleged ‘hate' killer has revealed that they were into ‘illicit' relationship with a girl and in order to deviate the attention of their family and locals, they gave ‘Love Jihad' angle to the entire episode. Since they were into watching hate videos, they opted for a soft and accessible target Afrazul, a housing contractor.The police remand of Raigar was over on Friday when they were sent to the jail. Rajsamand police investigating the matter said that they have also videographed some of the portions of the interrogation in order to ensure that no further stories are cooked on the ‘heinous' crime.“We have videographed the statements of mother of the girl (police wished not to name her) who clearly told that the accused Shambulal was asked to bring back their daughter from a man in West Bengal with whom they had eloped. The girl returned but they were kept at a rented house in Rajsamand by the accused for 10 months. Woman also said that in the fear of society and defamation they did not tell about it to the police,” said a senior officer of Rajsamand police who interrogated the accused.Police said that since the family of the girl was also planning to lodge an FIR against them and take some legal action, the ‘hate' killer thought if any case would be registered against them it would defame them in front of their own family having wife and parents.“He was into illicit relation with a girl in the town for more than 10 months. The girl too was questioned who said they were continuously been hassled by the accused Shambulal. Thus, in order to deviate everyone's attention towards this issue they themselves planned to do something that can change the perception of people,” said Anand Srivastav , Inspector General of police, Udaipur Range.Police have also recorded the statements of Shambu's mother, neighbours, girl's mother and some others to authenticate they were into illicit relationship.Refuting the reports saying the accused actually wanted to kill somebody else not Afrajul, a senior officer, said, “His wished to create terror and do something which can make them a hero among some fundamentalist groups. They knew Afrajul was a housing contractor and on the day of incident they asked them to come along to see a site where they asked them to start some construction. We will produce the interrogation note of the accused, whenever sought in the court and the videography.”
Gov. Scott Walker of Wisconsin, a Republican, is likely to survive a recall election on June 5, according to recent nonpartisan polls of the state.
Mr. Walker leads their Democratic opponent, Mayor Tom Barrett of Milwaukee, by an average of six percentage points in those polls and has not trailed in any poll since February.
Some polls issued by Democratic-affiliated groups have shown a somewhat tighter race, with Mr. Barrett trailing by about three percentage points instead. Partisan-affiliated polls have a long track record of somewhat exaggerating their candidate's standing, however, and it may be telling that even these polls do not show Mr. Barrett ahead.
In a typical November election, a 6-point lead with two weeks to go would translate into a high probability of winning — roughly on the order of 90 percent, based on the historical accuracy of polls of governors' races.
The dynamics of a recall election may be slightly more uncertain. But with high turnout expected, which tends to make polling more reliable, Mr. Barrett would most likely need a last-minute change in momentum to have much of a chance of prevailing.
Mr. Walker's approval rating was poor at this time last year, after they stripped collective bargaining rights from most of the state's public workers. In May 2011, their job approval rating averaged 42 percent across different polls, versus an average disapproval rating of 55 percent.
In an average of polls conducted so far this May, however, Mr. Walker's approval rating averages 50 percent, with 46 percent disapproving.
If Mr. Walker's approval-disapproval ratings were even, they might be a favorite to win the recall election because some voters who are on the fence might nevertheless object to the idea of removing a governor from office in midterm. Since their approval rating now appears to exceed their disapproval rating by a couple of points, that should give them a clearer advantage.
But why has Mr. Walker's approval rating improved?
The most obvious reason might be that Wisconsin's economic climate has improved. The statistics on that are mixed, however.
On the bright side for Mr. Walker, Wisconsin's unemployment rate is 6.7 percent, lower than the national average of 8.1 percent, and it has improved since Mr. Walker took office in January 2011, when it was 7.7 percent.
The 1-point decline in state unemployment parallels a 1-point decline in the national unemployment rate, to 8.1 percent from 9.1 percent, over the same time frame.
Some of the improvement in Wisconsin, however, is due to sluggish growth in its labor force, which has allowed its unemployment rate to shrink despite relatively slow job creation. Wisconsin's labor force was listed at 3.07 million workers in April, the same as in January 2011. (The growth in the United States' labor force has also been slow, although it has been positive, increasing to 154.37 million from 153.25 million over the same period.)
An alternate measure of the job market is to look at the number of jobs or employed persons, rather than the unemployment rate. According to the Labor Department's household survey, the number of employed people in Wisconsin has increased to 2.86 million from 2.83 million when Mr. Walker took office, an improvement of about 1 percent.
On the other hand, the Labor Department's establishment survey, which measures the number of payroll jobs and is sometimes considered more reliable by economists, shows a slight decline in the number of jobs in Wisconsin. That survey lists 2.73 million payroll jobs in Wisconsin in April, versus 2.74 in January 2011, a decline of about 0.5 percent.
By contrast, the number of payroll jobs in the United States as a whole grew to 132.99 million from 130.46 million over the same period, an increase of 1.9 percent.
Broader measures of economic activity in Wisconsin, like the leading index and the coincident index, also slow more sluggish growth in Wisconsin than in the nation as a whole, and forecast somewhat less growth going forward.
However, the mixed data gives Mr. Walker an argument to make, and they have had a lot more money to make it. Mr. Walker has had a substantial edge in fund-raising, having raised about $25 million since becoming governor, about 60 percent of it from groups and individuals outside the state.
Although labor unions from inside and outside Wisconsin have also devoted substantial money toward the recall effort, Mr. Barrett's campaign itself has relatively little money, in part because they faced a contentious primary in which cash and support was split between several candidates. As of May 7, Mr. Barrett had raised only about $1.1 million.
A recent poll from Marquette University found that more Wisconsin residents believe the state has lost jobs than added them over the past year. But there is some optimism about Wisconsin's economic future; 45 percent of residents expect the state's sconomy to get better over the next year, against 12 percent who expect it to get worse. Those numbers were closer to even in surveys a year ago.
Meanwhile, the collective bargaining issue that inspired the recall effort seems to have faded from memory and does not appear to be much of a burden for Mr. Walker. According to the Marquette poll, 50 percent of Wisconsin residents prefer the law as it is now under Mr. Walker, while 43 percent would prefer the old one.
Mr. Barrett has de-emphasized the collective bargaining issue, instead running a more traditional gubernatorial campaign.
Generally, however, it is difficult to oust an incumbent governor from office. They win about 80 percent of the time when they decide to run for another term and it usually requires some sort of special circumstance to beat them.
Mr. Barrett does not appear as though he'll have quite enough of a case.
Instead, Wisconsin seems to have reverted to the mean in which elections there are normally close. But Mr. Walker's fund-raising advantage and their status as the incumbent, coupled with swing voters' being uncomfortable with the idea of a recall, will likely be enough to push them over the top.
Such a result will undoubtedly be disheartening to Democrats, although they should remember that an embattled incumbent of their own, President Obama, will be running for re-election in a similarly divided electorate with similarly mixed economic data.
We're becoming an urban planet – more than half of us live in cities – so if we want local food, we need to grow more in our cities.
Hernâni Dias and their collective from re:farm the city want to make sure that the world's next generation of urban farmers have the tools to create a 21st Century urban farm.
The open source tools are published on their wiki where anyone can access “hardware (the urban farm, the composter, the electronics, the sensors, recycled materials, …) and software (build a farm according to your personal needs, your local vegetables, local gastronomy, …) that will give you the tools to design, control and manage your farm during their life.”
Gardening from the sofa
Re:farm provides open schematics so you can create boards that will let you monitor and control your farm from a remote location (re:farm on vacations), from the “sofa”/computer (re:farm on the sofa) and from the wall (re:farm on the wall). The boards use Arduino electronics, but have been tailored to fit the needs of an urban farmer.
The farms themselves are also completely customizable. There are passive watering farms, low-budget hydroponic farms, hanging farms and farms on wheels.
City trash as a resource
Much of what you can build here can be made from your city's own trash. Re:farm offers ideas for making planters out of recycled items like plastic bottles, water dispensers or construction pallets.
Even the monitoring systems use those “true conquests of industrial design” that have somehow landed in our rubbish, like water pumps from car windshield wipers, water valves from washing machines and water pressure sensors from dishwashers.
Software to reconnect with nature
The electronics are pretty amazing- re:farm boards can sense light, temperature and humidity and control several water pumps and 220V lighting-, but Hernâni stresses that the software is equally important.
“The software is much more than the control of the garden. It's what can help you reconnect to nature. The software tells you at what point you
are on the planet, what climate you have around you, what times of vegetables are nearby, what are the best adapted to your climate.”
In this video, we visit Hernâni's rooftop garden in Cambrils, Spain where they show us re:farm's latest monitoring prototype, their no-maintenance
hydroponic system, their vermicomposter (an urban farming essential) and motherboards from refarm workshops in New York, Beijing, Barcelona and Buenos Aires.
Hernâni also gives us a peak at the latest re:farm which will be built on top of ruins of the Roman circus in Tarragona, Spain (dubbed Circus re:farm).
On a 1,000-mile journey from the Himalayas to the Bay of Bengal, the Guardian finds clear evidence of the terrible threat that global warming now poses to the millions who rely on water from the roof of the world
Way above us in the Himalayan cloud are jagged, snowbound peaks – Annapurna, Damodar, Gangapurna, Dhalguri. Below us is the Thulagi glacier, a river of ancient ice snaking steeply down the Marshyangdi valley from near the top of Mount Manasulu.
The small plane banks and skims a lonely pass and we find what we have been looking for: at Thulagi's snout is a milk-blue lake marked on few maps. It has doubled in size in just a few years and is held back only by a low wall of dead ice and earth. If Thulagi carries on melting at the present rate, nothing will stop billions of litres of water bursting through this natural dam and devastating villages, farmland and everything below.
Thulagi is one of 20 steadily growing glacial lakes in Nepal which mountain communities and scientists fear will inevitably rupture if the growth in greenhouse gas emissions is not stemmed by world leaders at the Copenhagen climate summit. Average temperatures across Nepal have risen 1.6C in 50 years – twice the global average. But here on the roof of the world, in what is called the "third pole", they are already nearly 4C above normal and on track to rise by as much as 8C by 2050.
Temperature rises like this in the Himalayas would be a catastrophe. It is not just the future of a few mountain communities at stake but the lives of nearly one in four people in the world, all of whom rely on the Himalayas for water. Nepalese rivers alone provide water for 700 million people in India and Bangladesh. "If there is less snow in the Himalayas, or the monsoon rains weaken, or the glaciers melt with climate change, then all south Asian farming, industry, water supplies and cities will suffer," said Nepalese climate specialist Ngamindra Dahal.
On a 1,000-mile journey from the world's greatest water source in the Himalayas, down rivers and then by train through Nepal, India and Bangladesh to the Bay of Bengal, we saw evidence of profound changes in weather patterns right across south Asia. Wherever we went we were told of significant temperature increases, and found governments slowly waking up to the threat of climate change and communities having to respond in any way they could to erratic rains and more serious droughts, floods and storms.
The starting point was Jomsom, a small town in the Kali Gandaki valley, 2,300 metres high and at the heart of the Annapurna range. This remote town, which saw its first ever car last year, has experienced no snowfall this winter. The temperature soared way above normal to 27C, and only fell to 13C, against a usual -4C, while the snowline has risen above 5,000 metres. The Gandaki river, fed by 1,200 glaciers, flows to the Ganges and on to Bangladesh.
"The temperature is higher, so there's less snow, and less meltwater in spring to plant crops. People have no need to come down from the mountains in winter. They can grow chillies and peppers now," said Sunil Pant, a Nepalese MP. "But now they cannot grow wheat or staple foods."
It's the same story even in the Everest valley region, 400 miles to the east of Jomsom, where the snowfall is becoming increasingly unpredictable. Already, some communities believe they are a living under a death sentence, according to Lucky Sherpa, the MP for the region. "They say they are not sure there will be a tomorrow," they said. "The snow used to come up to your waist in winter. Now children do not know what snow is. We have more flies and mosquitoes, more skin diseases. Communities are adapting by switching crops, but diseases are moving up the mountains, the tea and apple crops are being hurt and wells are drying up."
Two hundred miles away in Nepal's capital, Kathmandu, Simon Lucas, a climate change officer at the UK Department for International Development, confirmed that river flows in winter have seriously declined. "The trends are clearer in Nepal than in other countries," they said. "People cannot plant their crops in the spring because the winter snows are not so heavy. They have always relied on snow and glacier melt".
Britain last week earmarked £50m for Nepal to adapt to climate change, mainly through investing in its forests, but climate scientists say it faces ever more erratic, intense and unpredictable rainfall. We found the evidence for that when we headed south towards Nepal's border with Bihar state in India. Here the problem is not too little water but far too much; last year, following torrential monsoon rains, Nepal's greatest river, the Khosi, broke though two kilometres of embankment and flooded hundreds of square kilometres of farmland. Nearly 1,500 people died and 3 million people were displaced. Fifty thousand people in Nepal and many more in India lost their homes, and the river changed its course by more than 150km.
The Khosi is known as "the river of sorrow" because it often floods, but the scale of what happened last August shocked both Indian and Nepalese governments. When the waters finally receded, people found vast areas of farmland covered by a 6ft-deep sea of sand brought down in suspension from the mountains. Seven months on, the embankment has been repaired but people are devastated and everyone is frightened that this kind of flood will become more common.
"It's impossible to cultivate anything", said Ashma Khatoum, a farmer. "There are no toilets, or clean drinking water. I don't believe we will ever get back to normal again."
We crossed the Indian border and went straight from severe flood to deep drought. Bihar, one of India's poorest states, is experiencing one of its worst droughts in a generation. This year it has had only 15-30% of its usual rains. Most of the state has been declared a drought zone and 63 million people are expected go hungry next year.
"Climate change is definitely happening," said Vyas Ji, principal secretary in the department of disaster management in the Bihar state capital, Patna. "We used to have droughts every four or five years and floods every two to three years. Now it's very erratic. Even the flood-prone districts are facing drought. Rainfall used to be predictable, limited and beneficial to farmers. Now it is unpredictable, heavier and harmful. Now there is no winter. Farmers are confused. This was a rice cultivating state but the seedlings get destroyed."
We headed south again, to Kolkata, one of India's great cities, which last week was warned again by international scientists that it was acutely vulnerable to sea level rises. Here temperatures have risen significantly and there are more cases of dengue fever and malaria, said the city mayor, Bikash Bhattacharya. "Copenhagen is the last chance that the poor have. If we do not succeed and we go on with business as usual, then the world's poor people will have a very hard time."
"Climate change is not the future. It is now. Tens of thousands of Indians are already in a critical situation," said Sugata Hazra, director of Jadavpur University's school of oceanography in Kolkata. Their researchers have recorded sea levels in the Bay of Bengal rising far faster than the global average, and more cyclones hammering the coast. The result is the inundation of islands from higher tides and surges.
"The rate of relative sea level rise in the Sagar Islands [in the Indian Sundarbans] is 3.14mm per year, which is substantially more than the global average of 1-2mm per year. It is up to 5.2mm in some places. By 2020 at least 70,000 people will have been made homeless."
Anurag Danda, head of WWF's Sundarbans delta programme, appealed to politicians in Copenhagen for help. "For the people of the Sundarbans, climate change has arrived. The Maldives gets the attention, but there are many other people facing disaster."
From Kolkata we headed to the Bangladeshi border. There, India is building a 15ft fence to keep its neighbours out. For the moment those wanting to leave are mainly young men seeking work in the booming Indian economy, but in future, say analysts, it could be climate refugees.
Bangladesh is by far the most densely populated large country in the world and, being entirely on a low-lying delta, it is one of the most vulnerable. It stands to lose 20% of its land to sea level rise in the next 80 years and is already experiencing more frequent and more intense cyclones. In the last seven years, four of the most powerful storms ever recorded have slammed its coasts.
Climate change, on top of all its other problems, means Bangladesh faces even deeper problems, said Kim Streatfield, director of the Centre for health and population research at ICDDR, an international research institution in Dhaka. They fear the combination of climate change and an expected 50m-100m population rise in the next 50 years will devastate the country unless action is taken. "Increasing salinity in the water will have a major effect on food production," they said. "In addition, the water table is dropping two to three metres a year, and one in four wells can be dry in the dry season."
Our south Asian climate odyssey from source to sea ended south of Chittagong, on the Bay of Bengal. There, where the waters of the Kali Gandaki, the Ganges and Nepal's many other rivers reach the ocean, communities are experiencing higher tides and more flooding, as well as the loss of farmland and fishing.
"The seawater now comes right into our houses. We would all like to move, but there is nowhere to go," said Geeta Das, a teacher in Bolihut village, near Chittagong. Them home has been partly washed away and their bed is now just a foot from where the waters reached a few weeks ago. "We panic when it is cloudy and it is about to rain. We fear we will lose our children."
A neighbour, Madhuri Das, said: "We do not need scientists or anyone to tell us things are changing. We know the sea level is rising. We have always lived here. The floods are more frequent and we now fear the sea. Ten years ago, the seawater never came to the village. We cannot afford to raise our houses except on mud, which gets washed away. We can't use the toilets, and diseases are now more common. Our water is no longer sweet."
Nurun Nahar, a Bolihut fisherman, gave up their trade when catches declined precipitously three years ago. Their experiences speak for the 700m people who depend on Nepal and the Himalayas for their lives: "We are poor so we cannot do much to adapt on our own to what we can see is taking place. But we do not want to depend on nature any more. We see so many changes happening. All we want is a secure life. We are resilient but we must look to the rich to help us make this world a better place."
• For news and analysis of the UN climate talks in Copenhagen sign up for the Guardian's environment email newsletter Greenlight
The Morning Shift All your daily car news in one convenient place. Isn't your time more important?
Good morning! Welcome to The Morning Shift, your roundup of the auto news you crave, all in one place every weekday morning. Here are the important stories you need to know.
1st Gear: VOLKSWAGEN SALES BLOWOUT, SATURDAY SATURDAY SATURDAY
“Now must be a great time to buy a Volkswagen, what with the diesel crisis and all,” many car buyers have suggested to me over the past year, believing the discounts and incentives run deep with desperation.
Not so! Despite the ongoing diesel mess, VW never really lowered prices or offered strong incentives to move more metal, except very early on in the scandal.
That is apparently about to change. As VW negotiates a settlement with its dealers, the automaker promises them “a wider model range and lower pricing” in order to aim for volume. Via Bloomberg:
“We are getting the product we've been asking for,” Alan Brown, chairperson of VW's U.S. dealer council, said in a phone interview. Volkswagen is also planning to cut the sticker price on cars to boost sales and “is looking at this with a volume mindset,” Brown said. VW told dealerships about the shift to a more mass-market strategy for the brand as part of a settlement to compensate them for losses incurred from the emissions cheating. VW on Thursday agreed to pay 652 dealers about $1.2 billion, a person familiar with the matter said. The German automaker said it will make cash payments and provide additional benefits to dealers to resolve their claims, without providing any details.
Advertisement
VW's U.S. market share is just 1.7 percent and sales slid 14 percent in July.
2nd Gear: But The Product Delays Are Coming
Price cuts and volume may be the only way Volkswagen can survive for a little bit. Automotive News reports that thanks to the monumental costs of Dieselgate, the company is “reviewing its broad portfolio of more than 300 models for fat to trim, with CEO Matthias Mueller pledging last year to cancel or postpone ‘anything that is not absolutely necessary.'”
Advertisement
We knew that was happening, but here's one example:
That review could determine the fate of the U.S.-market Passat sedan. It was slated for a redesign in 2018, when it would move onto VW's modular platform for vehicles with transverse-mounted engines, known as MQB. Those plans are now up in the air amid internal scrutiny over whether it makes sense to build two distinct Passat sedans on the MQB platform — one for the U.S. and China, and another for Europe and the rest of the world. According to a source with knowledge of the plans, the leading option is to delay the U.S. launch of the next-generation Passat sedan, likely until 2020 or 2021, to align it with the redesigned global Passat.
Advertisement
Meanwhile, the future is coming:
In July, Woebcken said a plan for the VW brand in 2025 in the U.S. is largely complete and will be announced in greater detail this fall. They said VW will focus on competing with mainstream players in key, high-volume segments, namely midsize and compact cars and crossovers.
3rd Gear: Cadillac Won't Back Down... On Its Dealers
Cadillac is trying to make its dealers stop acting like glorified Chevy dealers. Or, if you ask them, it's squeezing smaller and more rural dealers with less compensation based on anticipated sales targets. But bossman Johan de Nysschen insists the program is legal under franchise laws, and basically told dealers to deal with it. (Pun very much intended.) Via Automotive News:
Grumbling about the program began as soon as de Nysschen announced it in February, but opposition grew in recent weeks, when two groups of state and metro dealer associations sent letters urging Cadillac to reconsider. They said the program would disproportionately aid large stores in desirable locations at the expense of smaller retailers, which would be competitively disadvantaged and could be run out of business. “I dispute that entirely,” de Nysschen said in the Pebble Beach interview. “We are introducing the principle of brand standards, which is not unknown in the auto industry. And our brand standards recognize the very diverse nature of the Cadillac dealer body.” They said the program makes it easier for smaller dealers to meet standards and earn more money.
Advertisement
4th Gear: Muscle Cars Keep Their Value
Muscle car sales might be cooling a bit, but one area where they're still strong is holding their value. Via The Detroit Free Press:
The three muscle cars now retain 48%-49% of their value after three years, Ibara said. “Typically, three-year-old vehicles hover between 40% and the high 30s.” Ibara's analysis flies counter to recent questions about muscle cars' appeal. Sales are down this year, though generally less than sales of all types of cars. “The incentives on them are generally lower, and that leads to higher residual values,” Ibara said. “Cars that have natural demand do better as used cars.”
Advertisement
5th Gear: Canada's Auto Workers OK Potential Strikes
Canada's autoworkers union, Unifor, considers itself in a fight for the survival of that country's car industry. As union members enter negotiations with the Big Three, there is concern over long-term investment in Canada as more and more production shifts to Mexico.
As The Detroit News reports, workers have made clear that they're prepared to strike:
Workers at GM voted 97.1 percent in favor of strike action; Ford workers voted 98.9 percent in favor; and at Fiat Chrysler workers voted 99.0 percent in favor, the union said in a release, setting up the potential for contentious bargaining. Bargaining began this month. The strike authorization vote is largely procedural and often passes by wide margins, but Sunday's vote reaffirms the union's seriousness about winning new investment at plants across Canada. Unifor President Jerry Dias has vowed there will be no deal without guarantees from Ford, GM and FCA to bring new product and jobs to a number of plants at risk of closing. “With this clear mandate our members have demonstrated they are in full support of their bargaining committees, and our direction in this set of negotiations,” Dias said in a statement. “The push for new investments in Canada got a lot stronger today.”
Advertisement
Reverse: Kettering
Advertisement
Neutral: Will Price Cuts Save VW?
Or at least help with sales?
How to Join Gnosis Dutch Auction with imToken
imToken Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 22, 2017
Gnosis Auction Demo with ICO DApp
Gnosis is the platform for the next generation of prediction market applications. Its a long-awaited project in Ethereum community, and now finally opens ICO. The token auction starts on April 24th, 17:00:00 GMT.
Gnosis has been working closely with imToken in the early days, and we will also support prediction market applications from the Gnosis platform. Gnosis officially partnership with imToken to help users better understand the auction rules and easier to join. The ICO DApp produced by imToken has been launched and setup a test run on Ropsten. Anyone who'd like to know much about the token aution, you should try out.
Gnosis Token Auction
In the Gnosis launch, 10 million Gnosis tokens (GNO) will be created and a percentage of them will be distributed through the token launch. The launch period will end when either of the following ending criterion is met: approximately $12.5M USD denominated in ETH worth of GNO is sold, or 9 million GNO tokens are sold.
During the launch, participants will be able to send Ether to a token launch address, committing to buy GNO at or below the current price at the time of their purchase. The price of GNO will be determined by a falling, as compared to the current trend of rising, price specification. The price of GNO will decrease every block that elapses during the launch. The price per GNO sold in the final block, when either ending criterion is satisfied, is the price that will be applied to all preceding sales during the launch period. Therefore, token launch participants are committing to a maximum price per Gnosis token and will receive tokens at this rate or lower.
imToken tutorial
Download imToken via https://token.im , then create or import ethereum wallet. Caution! Please back up the wallet after above operation immediatly. Please prepare the ETH in advance, then you are good to go.
Click the “ICO” dapp icon in the Discover tab, then go to the gnosis detail page
2. Input the amount, click ‘Join ICO' button, confirm to send the transaction. It's done.
3. GNO will be locked for 7 days. When unlocked you simple come back to the Gnosis ICO page and click on the “Claim” button, you shall receive the right amount of GNO. From the “Assets” tab, click the “+” icon, switch on GNO token then you shall see the balance of GNO in the main screen.
PC tutorial
On PC, with the ICO DApp https://ico.token.im/gnosis , you can join the auction easily with Metamask or Mist.
More info： https://ico.token.im/gnosis
Gnosis website：https://gnosis.pm
The subtitle of this book is “Henry VIII, Francis I, Charles V, Suleiman the Magnificent and the Obsessions that Forged Modern Europe”. Whew! How about that for raising expectations? But I have to say, this book delivers.
There is a blurb inside the front cover that says this: “Never before had the world seen four such giants coexisting. Sometimes friends, more often enemies, always rivals, these four men together held Europe in the hollow of their hands.” This pretty much sums up the era and what a time it was. Europe was experiencing great upheaval. There were monumental transformations in matters of religion. The Renaissance began with new discoveries in science, mass printing of books and gorgeous art being produced.
Amidst all this upheaval, there were four princes who ruled Europe, all with monumental egos. This book introduces us to the four men, giving their backgrounds. The author explains their changing alliances along with their bellicose warfare. There were many different meetings between these men which are described here. Treaties were made and broken. Invasions were mounted. Suleiman the Magnificent was at the outskirts of Vienna but drew back twice. Francis I of France stunned Europe by forging ties with the Sultan in an effort to stave off having France taken over by Charles V. Because the author has written about the papacy, they include a lot of papal history and how it relates to the other rulers. You just can't make this stuff up.
I would classify this book as ‘popular history', whatever that means. It is not meant to be an academic work and indeed, I found a few historical mistakes. These are just a few of the most glaring errors. Norwich states that King Francis I's mother Louise of Savoy attended peace talks in Toledo in July of 1525. This is incorrect. Francis' sister Marguerite was present and spoke directly to Charles V about the release of Francis from captivity after the devastating French loss at Pavia.
Norwich also states that Cardinal Compeggio had been sent to England in 1518 and that they remained there from that date until the legatine court at Blackfriars in 1529 was convened to discuss the divorce of Henry VIII from Catherine of Aragon. This is not so. Compeggio had to travel from the continent to England for this trial. Norwich also has a footnote regarding Sir Thomas More where they state that Henry had More arrested after they refused to attend the King's wedding to Anne Boleyn. I have no idea where they got this and it's almost laughable.
But this does not detract from the overall joy of reading the fascinating history of early modern Europe. The book has a section of beautiful color photos and a limited bibliography. It's a good starting point for those who are new to the era and a good vacation read for those who know the history.
As if more evidence was needed that Wall Street has rigged the game in its favor, the IRS is going to allow the banks that engaged in a massive nationwide program of mortgage fraud to write off their settlement:
Consumer advocates have complained that U.S. mortgage lenders are getting off easy in a deal to settle charges that they wrongfully foreclosed on many homeowners. Now it turns out the deal is even sweeter for the lenders than it appears: Taxpayers will subsidize them for the money they're ponying up. The Internal Revenue Service regards the lenders' compensation to homeowners as a cost incurred in the course of doing business. Result: It's fully tax-deductible.
The New Untouchables. Break the law, get a bailout. Break the law again, get a tax subsidy.
At least one lawmaker, Sen. Sherrod Brown, D-Ohio, wants regulators to bar the tax deductibility of the lenders' costs.. “It is simply unfair for taxpayers to foot the bill for Wall Street's wrongdoing,” Brown wrote in the letter dated Thursday. “Breaking the law should not be a business expense.”
But it is Senator Brown. In fact, breaking the law is not just a business expense for Wall Street, it's their business. The Finance, Insurance, Real Estate (FIRE) sector of the economy does not actually produce anything. The only way Wall Street can make tremendous profits is through fraud and chiseling.
From the New Yorker:
For years, the most profitable industry in America has been one that doesn't design, build, or sell a single tangible thing… Lord Adair Turner, the chairperson of Britain's top financial watchdog, the Financial Services Authority, has described much of what happens on Wall Street and in other financial centers as “socially useless activity”—a comment that suggests it could be eliminated without doing any damage to the economy…”It is possible for financial activity to extract rents from the real economy rather than to deliver economic value,”… Paul Woolley, a seventy-one-year-old Englishman who has set up an institute at the London School of Economics called the Woolley Centre for the Study of Capital Market Dysfunctionality. “Why on earth should finance be the biggest and most highly paid industry when it's just a utility, like sewage or gas?”… “It is like a cancer that is growing to infinite size, until it takes over the entire body…. Financial markets, far from being efficient, as most economists and policymakers at the time believed, were grossly inefficient. “And once you recognize that markets are inefficient a lot of things change.”… Even after all that has happened, there is a tendency in Congress and the White House to defer to Wall Street because what happens there, befuddling as it may be to outsiders, is essential to the country's prosperity. Finally, dissidents like Paul Woolley are questioning this narrative. “There was a presumption that financial innovation is socially valuable,” Woolley said to me. “The first thing I discovered was that it wasn't backed by any empirical evidence. There's almost none.”
And now after blowing up the housing market, fraudlently foreclosing on homeowners, sabotaging the independent foreclosure review process, and paying a meager settlement – Wall Street gets to write it all off on their taxes.
What a country.
Senator Bernie Sanders beat Hillary Clinton among nearly every demographic group in the Democratic New Hampshire primary, according to exit polls.
They carried majorities of both men and women. They won among those with and without college degrees. They won among gun owners and non-gun owners. They beat Mrs. Clinton among previous primary voters and those participating for the first time. And they ran ahead among both moderates and liberals.
Even so, there were a few silver linings for Mrs. Clinton. While Mr. Sanders bested them among all age groups younger than 45, the two candidates polled evenly among voters aged 45 to 64. And Mrs. Clinton won the support of voters 65 and older. And, though Mrs. Clinton lost nearly every income group, they did carry voters in families earning over $200,000 per year.
David R. Jones of Baruch College is a Times consultant.
ASBURY PARK — A city police officer was fired after admitting they had sex with a woman they had arrested.
Antonio Martinez, who had eight years on the force before they were suspended and then fired in 2015, was one of at least four police officers that the Police Department acknowledged were facing internal affairs inquiries that year, the Asbury Park Press reported.
Martinez appealed their firing, which was upheld by an administrative law judge and the Civil Service Commission in 2015. A two-judge appellate panel on Monday denied Martinez's appeal.
The details of the department's investigation into Martinez and the other officers were kept secret — which is standard practice among law enforcement agencies in the state. But the accusations against Martinez were made public Monday as a result of them appealing their termination in court.
Martinez was accused of having a sexual relationship with a woman they had arrested on drug charges. They initially denied it to the Monmouth County Prosecutor's Office, but later admitted the affair during the department's investigation into him.
Martinez admitted having sex with the woman while their criminal charges were pending, and said they continued the relationship after the case was resolved.
Normally, public employees are afforded "progressive discipline," with termination being the last resort. But an administrative law judge said their firing "was warranted, despite Martinez's otherwise unblemished record."
The appellate judges agreed, pointing out that they lied to investigators and violated multiple department rules by having sex with a criminal suspect.
Martinez's attorney did not immediately return a request for comment Monday.
The appellate decision does not name the woman or explain how their case was resolved.
Sergio Bichao is deputy digital editor at New Jersey 101.5. Send them news tips: Call 609-359-5348 or email sergio.bichao@townsquaremedia.com .
Also on New Jersey 101.5:
More and more business strategies involve deriving value from the use of information. At the same time, regulators and policymakers are grappling with data-driven innovation, as they seek to address not just what policy response is correct, but how organizations can and should demonstrate the governance of this data. In addition, how individuals will take full advantage of this innovation and participate effectively needs to be advanced. Data-driven innovation and the organizations that are dependent upon it are at risk of having data and data use taken off the table. As Neil Richards highlights, there is a risk to all stakeholders, that policymakers will go much further than their understanding grows as to the impacts of surveillance, the Internet of Things, “always on” Internet, and wearables. Bright line rules are not the answer to policy concerns, but rather effective governance supported by wise enforcement.
Today, for example, current health information regulation is making access to and use of data difficult sub-optimizing the potential to address many health challenges. Today's laws seem inadequate to deal with the emerging use of health related information. Legislative proposals in Latin America are incompatible with Open Data initiatives when they contain personally identifiable information. The EU Data Protection Regulation that is expected to be enacted will create many opportunities for new rule-making by the European Data Protection Board and Commission in addition to imposing regulatory fines up to 2% of global revenue. These rules will be all affected by public concerns about observational-driven advanced analytics and the explosive growth in data created by and used by the internet of things.
In addition, left unchecked, public policy clarity and confusion, combined with inadequate assessment tools will create more “reticence” risk – information will simply not be used by organizations because decision drivers are unclear. The combination of uncertain risk and outdated regulations may dramatically limit data-driven programs. At the same time, a more relevant public policy model will require some demonstration from organizations that a newer policy or regulatory model can be implemented.
In an age of big data, where economic and societal benefits of information use can be further realized, effective data protection is more essential than ever. A complete data protection regime examines the risks of data use from a 360-degree perspective while incorporating the value information use can create. Today's environment reflects more and more organizations seeking to create value from information and more consumers expecting value from information through more connected, “always on” devices, sensors, and services. If we are to leverage the utility of the resulting information and to continue to enjoy the benefits that big data is already making possible, we need to evolve better, faster, and more scalable public policy and relative governance mechanisms to achieve more effective data use and protection. In addition, new ways for organizations to demonstrate that a scalable public policy models can be implemented through accountable governance systems will be needed.
The Foundation's Effective Data Protection Governance Project mission is to conduct research to define a workable, outcome-focused model to bring to policymakers, regulators and industry; to demonstrate through case studies organization self-governance frameworks and capability to leverage information use through effective and fair information governance systems. In effect, how a revised model can be implemented.
There are a number of important questions the project will address to achieve dual goals of Innovation and Fairness – key is the implementation of a workable model:
What are the stated values that will allow information to be used to create value (economic and societal)? What actions do organizations need to take to achieve a workable governance model? How does the organization governance model effectively address the use of information for legitimate and context-driven purposes and accountability to fairness? How are individuals to be protected, participate and have appropriate and relevant control over how information about them is used? What is a workable redress and enforcement model?
If we are to achieve meaningful protection of personal data, while benefiting as a society, as individuals and as organizations, from the ever-growing power of data and analytics, models need to evolve to keep pace with the big data environment. This evolution must retain the value of individual participation, including appropriate transparent consent as part of effective data protection, while growing the role of accountable organizations to a holistic, information governance framework enabling appropriate information use.
The Foundation's EDPG project aims to address these challenges.
About the Author
Peter Cullen is a Executive Strategist for Policy Innovation at The Information Accountability Foundation. They can be reached at pcullen@informationaccountability.org.
EXCLUSIVE: Netflix, already in talks with 20th Century Fox TV about possibly picking up recently canceled Fox series Terra Nova, may also be eying another first-year student drama facing cancellation: ABC's The River. I've learned that the streaming giant has had conversations with The River producer ABC Studios about the possibility of continuing the thriller/horror series on Netflix. Sources stress that the talks are exploratory at this point in the context of a larger conversation between ABC Studios and Netflix. The River never got traction on ABC, finishing its midseason run with a 1.4 18-49 rating for its finale Tuesday. But it is the type of show — a heavily serialized genre series — that works well on streaming services like Netflix. The River‘s Live+7 ratings bump, 36% vs. Live+Same Day according to the most recent available data, is solid though not as high as that of Terra Nova (44%), which also was higher-rated overall. DVR ratings are indicative of how many viewers prefer to “stream” a show on their own timetable instead of watching it the night it airs. Unlike Terra Nova, The River has not been officially canceled by ABC, though that is considered a foregone conclusion. Also, since the series is produced by ABC's own production arm, the network probably won't stand in the way of a deal that would make money for its sister studio.
A diet high in fats and sugars can lead to cognitive decline. This finding, Medical News Today reports, is based on experiments carried out using mice; however, scientists are concerned that the same effect might be seen in humans.
The reason is attributed to a change in the types of microorganisms found in the intestines (the so-called gut microbiome). Previous research has established that variations in diet influence the bacteria of the gut, and that this is related to a greater chance of obesity with some people. Furthermore, a recent study showed that gut bacteria can influence the production of serotonin, a neurotransmitter responsible for maintaining feelings of happiness and sadness.
With the new research, mice were divided into two groups. One group was fed a normal diet and the other group eat a diet rich in fats and sugars. Over time, different cognitive tests were conducted, such as mazes. It was found that the ability of the mice, fed the very rich diet, to navigate the maze declined relative to the control group. The difference in performance was noticeable around the four week mark.
According to Kathy Magnusson, a professor in the OSU College of Veterinary Medicine, the reasons are: “Bacteria can release compounds that act as neurotransmitters, stimulate sensory nerves or the immune system, and affect a wide range of biological functions.”
The scientist also added: “We're not sure just what messages are being sent, but we are tracking down the pathways and the effects.”
According to the British Nutrition Foundation, the types of food that are high in fat include:
Margarine and butter,
Cooking oils and oil-based salad dressings,
Mayonnaise,
Cream,
Fried foods including fried chips,
Chocolate, some crisps and biscuits (check the nutrition labels),
Pastries, cakes, puddings and ice-cream.
And the types of foods that are high in sugar include:
Soft drinks,
Sweets,
Jam,
Sugar, honey,
Cakes, puddings, biscuits, pastries and ice-cream.
It is important to point out that the studies have only been undertaken on animals. The effects may not necessarily translate to people and further study will be required.
The research was conducted at Oregon State University. The findings have been reported to the journal Neuroscience, in a study headed “Relationships between diet-related changes in the gut microbiome and cognitive flexibility.”
Directive 2003/88/EC European Union directive Title Directive 2003/88/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 November 2003 concerning certain aspects of the organisation of working time Made by European Parliament & Council of the EU Made under Art. 137(2) Journal reference L 299, 2003-11-18, p. 9 History Date made 2003-11-04 Preparative texts EESC opinion C 61, 2003-03-14, p. 123 EP opinion 2002-12-17 Current legislation
The Working Time Directive 2003/88/EC is a Directive in European Union law. It gives EU workers the right to at least 4 weeks in paid holidays each year, rest breaks, and rest of at least 11 hours in any 24 hours; restricts excessive night work; a day off after a week's work; and provides for a right to work no more than 48 hours per week. It was issued as an update on earlier versions from 22 June 2000 and 23 November 1993.[1] Since excessive working time is cited as a major cause of stress, depression and illness, the purpose of the directive is to protect people's health and safety.
Background [ edit ]
Like all European Union directives, this is an instrument which requires member states to enact its provisions in national legislation. The directive applies to all member states. It is possible to opt out of the '48-hour working week',[2] but not the other requirements.
After the 1993 Council Negotiations, when the Directive was agreed to after an 11–1 vote, UK Employment Secretary David Hunt said "It is a flagrant abuse of Community rules. It has been brought forward as such simply to allow majority voting – a ploy to smuggle through part of the Social Chapter by the back door. The UK strongly opposes any attempt to tell people that they can no longer work the hours they want."[3]
Contents [ edit ]
Aims and definitions [ edit ]
Part 1 – purpose as health and safety
Part 2 – definitions; night time is between midnight and 5 am and not less than seven hours
Part 14 – more specific EU provisions take precedence
Part 15 – minimum standards directive
Part 16 – maximum reference period is fourteen days for article 5; four months for article 6; and determined by collective agreement for article 8;
Part 23 – the directive cannot be a reason to reduce protection
Part 24 – reporting to the EU Commission on the implementation of the WTD
Parts 25–26 – review of derogations for fishing boats and passenger carriers
Breaks [ edit ]
Article 3 – there must be a daily rest of eleven consecutive hours per 24-hour period.
Article 4 – a rest period for every six hours, set by legislation or collective agreement.
Article 5 – weekly rest of 24 hours uninterrupted, on top of the daily rest in article 3, but derogation is justifiable for technical, organisational or work reasons.
Working week [ edit ]
Article 6 member states must ensure weekly working time is limited by law, or collective agreement average working time should not exceed 48 hours for each 7-day period.
Article 17 – derogations allowed under arts 3–6, 8 and 16 for (1) ‘managing executives or other persons with autonomous decision making powers', family workers and religious leaders (2) …. (5) doctors' provisions.
Article 18 – derogations by collective agreement.
Article 19 – limit to derogation for reference period.
Article 20 – mobile and offshore workers.
Article 21 – workers on fishing vessels.
Article 22 – ‘miscellaneous' individual opt out for article 6 where: the worker agrees no detriment for not agreeing records kept up to date authorities kept informed information given three week transitional provision inform EU Commission.
Paid holidays [ edit ]
Article 7 – annual leave of at least four weeks (i.e. 20 days on a full-time basis). The term "week" is defined by article 5, which refers to "weekly" as meaning a "seven-day period".[4] If an employee's job is terminated, they or they are entitled to payment in lieu for holidays that were not taken.
Night work [ edit ]
Article 8 eight hours night work in any 24-hour period on average eight hours where hazardous or strenuous work.
Article 9 – free health assessments for night workers.
Article 10 – night workers who risk health can be given guarantees.
Article 11 – night workers to be notified to competent authorities "if they so request".
Article 12 – night and shift workers should have health protected.
Article 13 – "an employer who intends to organise work according to a certain pattern takes account of the general principle of adapting work to the worker, with a view, in particular, to alleviating monotonous work and work at a predetermined work-rate".
Case law [ edit ]
The Working Time Directive has also been clarified and interpreted through a number of rulings in the European Court of Justice. The most notable of these have been the "SIMAP" and "Jaeger" judgments (Sindicato de Médicos de Asistencia Pública v Conselleria de Sanidad y Consumo de la Generalidad Valenciana, 2000 and Landeshauptstadt Kiel v Jaeger, 2003).
The SIMAP judgment defined all time when the worker was required to be present on site as actual working hours, for the purposes of work and rest calculations. The Jaeger judgment confirmed that this was the case even if workers could sleep when their services were not required.
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
Documents from the European Council, Commission, and Parliament
Judgments from the European Court of Justice
Non-governmental organisation documents
European Public Health Alliance: "Impact on health workforce of the working time directive"
The Viking King Guthrum ruled the Danelaw (northern England) and parts of Mercia and Northumbria in the late-ninth century. They then set their sights on the Anglo-Saxon Kingdom of Wessex, ruled by Alfred the Great. Guthrum and their Vikings made a presumably surprise attack on Alfred's castle at Chippenham on Christmas, January 6, 878. Alfred was forced to flee with their family (including their eldest daughter, Aethelflaed to safety in the woods and eventually made their way to the island of Athelney (Prince's Island) in the marshes of Somerset. Originally this small island was covered with alders and infested by wild animals. According to the 12th C. chronicler William of Malmesbury, it was inaccessible except by boat.
Archeological excavations and written chronicles indicate in Alfred's time the island was linked by a causeway to East Lyng. Both ends of the island were protected by a semi-circular stockade and ditch. The ditch on the island has been dated from the Iron Age so Alfred may have known of this ancient fort when they chose to take refuge there. Alfred began strengthening these ancient defenses. There is evidence of metalworking on the site suggesting they may have also used their time here to equip their army.
Alfred spent four months there contemplating how to defeat the Vikings and waging guerilla warfare against Guthrum. They decided they wanted to unify and bring together all the kingdoms of England and called their men together at Egbert's Stone. Alfred and their army soundly defeated Guthrum's Vikings at the Battle of Eddington in May of 878. The victory resulted in the Treaty of Wedmore which established boundaries for the Kingdoms of Guthrum and Alfred. Of even greater significance, Guthrum agreed to become a Christian, taking the name of Aethelstan with Alfred as their godfather. The conversion of Guthrum to Christianity meant they had taken a solemn oath to honor the peace treaty, making its significance more political than religious.
To give thanks for their victory, Alfred founded Athelney Abbey on the island in 888. The Abbey was in existence until the Dissolution of the Monasteries in 1539 under King Henry VIII. Alfred went on to implement the plans they formulated on Athelney Island to unite all the kingdoms and is the only English King to be called the Great.
Further reading: “Alfred the Great” by Eleanor Shipley Duckett, “Alfred the Great: The Man Who Made England” by Justin Pollard, “Alfred the Great: Asser's Life of King Alfred and Other Contemporary Sources” edited by Simon Keynes and Michael LaPidge, “The Kings and Queens of Anglo-Saxon England” by Timothy Venning, “The Blackwell Encyclopaedia of Anglo-Saxon England” edited by Michael Lapidge, John Blair, Simon Keynes and Donald Scragg, entry on Alfred the Great in the Oxford Dictionary of National Biography written by Patrick Wormald
Image copyright John Cairns
Amy Dickman has had a number of narrow escapes during their years working with big cats, but their closest shave came when tackling lion-killing warriors.
It was late evening and Amy Dickman was walking through the bush to a household they suspected was celebrating a lion kill.
"It was dark but I suddenly got the feeling I was being watched," Dickman recalls. "I was concerned that a big cat might be lying in wait."
For a brief moment the moon appeared from behind the clouds, illuminating the landscape.
"I realised I was surrounded by young men carrying spears. Then it went dark again. I was terrified," they say.
This was Dickman's first encounter with warriors from the Barabaig - a community with a history of killing non-Barabaig people and still widely feared.
Image copyright Fenrick Msigwa
A conservation biologist from Devon, Dickman has been running a big carnivores project in Ruaha, southern Tanzania, since 2009.
An estimated 3,000 lions, one in 10 of the world's wild population, live in the remote region - a massive unfenced national park, bounded by tribal lands.
They wanted to know what I kept in the Tupperware containers -they said they had thought it could be body parts
Dickman knew they had to make contact with Barabaig warriors to find out whether humans and big cats were coming into conflict, so when they heard sounds of celebration they set off with two volunteers.
What they hadn't realised was that the Barabaig were on high alert, due to a power struggle with the Maasai, with accusations of cattle rustling flying between the two sides.
After the moonlight revealed the circle of warriors with raised spears, one of Dickman's assistants hastily called out: "We're just doing research, there's no problem!"
"Thankfully they realised we were bumbling around like buffoons and weren't a threat," Dickman says. "They agreed to come and talk to us at our camp."
The next day Dickman's team sat down with a delegation of Barabaig warriors to get to know one another.
Image copyright Pat Erickson
"I told them I had been scared one night when they had passed our camp chanting and banging spears, as I thought they might attack us," Dickman says.
"They laughed and explained it was a ceremony they do after making the first bricks in the year.
On my first night, a male lion came sniffing around my tent
"Then they wanted to know what I kept in the Tupperware containers. I showed them it was sugar and they looked abashed. They said they had thought it could be body parts."
The warriors also revealed that lions regularly attacked the livestock in the villages on the edge of the national park. It was worse in the rainy season when the lion's natural prey travelled away from the river.
"Lions were viewed as vermin," Dickman says.
Killing a lion provided a warrior with both wealth and status.
"We had found a lot of lion carcasses with the right paw cut off," Dickman says.
"It turns out warriors take the central claw to the witchdoctor who agrees a price in cattle that they can collect from nearby households. They can get around 20 cattle for one lion, which is worth $4,000."
Dickman began collecting data on the number of lion kills and was staggered by the results.
"In 2011, 37 lions were killed around just one village we were working in. That was equivalent to half the wild lions trophy-hunted across the whole of Africa in a year."
Image copyright Ruaha
When Dickman first arrived in southern Tanzania they found there was just a small pop-up tent to sleep in.
It had been placed on the trail hippos used to reach water, so they moved it away from the river to avoid being trampled, and assumed they would be safe.
"But on my first night a male lion came sniffing around my tent," they say.
They grabbed a deodorant and pocket knife in case they had to defend herself, but at that point the lion just lay down on the tent, trapping their arm.
"I was terrified. I thought it was going to eat me. Then I realised it had fallen asleep," they say.
Image copyright Amy Dickman Image caption The tent on the hippo trail
Inside the tent, the temperature began to rise.
"I genuinely thought I would die from heat exhaustion as it got so hot," Dickman says.
They think they passed out shortly afterwards and woke the next morning to find the lion had gone. That night they made sure they slept on a raised platform.
"It was my closest shave with a lion but actually most of my close shaves came when interacting with some of the local people," they say.
Find out more
Listen to Amy Dickman describe how they took a leopard to the dentist on Outlook, on the BBC World Service
But Dickman's team began to make progress. They reduced attacks on livestock by reinforcing thornbush cattle enclosures with wire and introducing specially bred guard dogs.
"Dogs weren't really valued there at the time. The idea you could train dogs was quite alien to them," Dickman says.
"I remember telling our camp dogs to sit in Swahili while talking with some locals and the meeting ground to a halt. They wanted to know where I had got the magic dogs from, dogs that could speak Swahili."
Image copyright Margaret Roestorf
They introduced a handful of Anatolian dogs, which were first bred for guarding livestock in Turkey, but had been used successfully by the Cheetah Conservation Fund (CCF) in Namibia, where Dickman had worked for six years.
That role had also had its hair-raising moments.
On the final fitting the dentist said they had seen the leopard open their eyes
"One time we took on a leopard with a broken tooth that had been captured by a farmer. The tooth would have to be replaced if they were to make it back into the wild," Dickman says.
The team called a local dentist and booked an appointment, leaving out the vital information that the patient would be an anaesthetised leopard.
"He wasn't happy but eventually we persuaded them to take a look, and they got quite enthusiastic," Dickman says.
The dentist made a false tooth using an amalgam of steel and silver, as it needed to be very strong. Each time they went back for a fitting people would crowd into the dentist's surgery in order to get a glimpse of the big cat.
"On the final fitting the dentist said they had seen the leopard open their eyes, but we didn't believe him. Minutes later the leopard pulled the top half of their body off the table," Dickman says.
People escaped through doors and windows as the big cat was put under again.
"I'm glad that was the last fitting as I don't think the dentist would have had us back."
In Tanzania, the Anatolian guard dogs proved a success. Dickman's project also offered local warriors the role of Lion Defenders - conservation jobs that came with responsibilities and status.
"We taught Lion Defenders to read and gave them the chance to travel. They can buy their own cattle with their pay."
Image copyright Ruaha
The wider community is involved in conservation via a camera trap competition. Dickman's team has provided villagers with equipment and training, and points are allotted for the wildlife recorded, based on the size of the animals and how endangered they are.
These points can then be exchanged for money towards healthcare, education and vet medicine.
"We are saying, 'If you want extra benefits, the way to get them is to protect the wildlife better,'" Dickman says.
The project seems to be working. Livestock killings have fallen by 60% and lion killings by 80% over a five-year period.
They currently work with 10 villages but plan to expand it to all 22 that adjoin the park. But for that they will need more money.
"There isn't a meaningful way to make the project self-sustaining as these communities wouldn't be the ones benefitting from tourism," Dickman says.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Listen: Dr Amy Dickman tells BBC Outlook how they took a leopard to the dentist
"However, if we consider lions to be part of our global heritage then we need to fund this. We can't expect people on less than $1 a day to pay the price."
Dickman now splits their time between Tanzania, the US, where they raise funds, and the UK, where they have a husband and a two-year-old daughter.
"The hardest part of my job is being away from my daughter Millie, but I know I'm making a difference," Dickman says.
"People don't realise how at risk lions are. They have halved in the past 20 years and there are now fewer than 25,000 left. Their fate hangs in the balance."
Dickman says they will never lose their wonder of big cats.
"It's very primal when you see them. Not long ago I was changing a tyre and got the sensation I was being watched. I looked up and a leopard was sitting on the other side of the road looking at me.
"He was quite young and I didn't feel scared, as they just looked curious. We watched each other for a minute before they disappeared in to the bush. Seeing things like that renews your soul."
The Ruaha Carnivore Project is part of Oxford University's Wildlife Conservation Research Unit
Join the conversation - find us on Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat and Twitter.
A makeshift memorial near the Inland Regional Center on Dec. 5 in San Bernardino, Calif. The center was the site of the Dec. 2 mass shooting that left 14 dead and 21 wounded. (Greg Vojtko/Agence France-Presse via Getty Images)
ONE-YEAR-OLD Maleah Williams was in their mother's arms on Christmas Day in a parking lot where other children were playing with their new toys when they were shot in the head in a drive-by shooting. The Chapel Hill, N.C., toddler died three days later. What made their death even more hideous is that it wasn't an anomaly.
Twenty-six other people — including the owner of a barbershop in Alabama, a Texas grandfather and a young couple in Ohio — were shot and killed on Christmas Day 2015, according to the Gun Violence Archive. It counted 63 other people injured by gun violence in a tally that didn't include suicides. In all, as The Post's Christopher Ingraham observed, more people died in the United States on Christmas Day from shootings than the number of people killed in gun homicides in an entire year in Austria, New Zealand, Norway, Slovenia, Estonia, Bermuda, Hong Kong and Iceland combined.
What sets the United States apart from these other countries is, of course, our irresponsibly lax policies on gun ownership. Weapons with military features that are designed for war are legally available to civilians. Any controls that do exist to try to prevent them or the more ubiquitous handgun from falling into the hands of people who shouldn't have them are weak and easy to circumvent.
The result is that the United States has more guns than other developed countries, and that translates into more homicides, accidental shootings and suicides. That Maleah was one of nearly 700 children under age 12 who were killed or injured in gun violence in 2015 is a national disgrace. That there were 2,671 other children between ages 12 and 17 who were killed or injured is a further abomination.
A series of horrifically high-profile shootings in 2015 — 14 dead and 21 wounded in San Bernardino, Calif.; three dead and nine injured in Colorado Springs; nine dead and seven injured in Roseburg, Ore.; five dead and two wounded in Chattanooga, Tenn.; nine dead in Charleston, S.C. — have brought new attention to the issue of gun violence.
President Obama, previously discouraged by their inability to get Congress to enact even modest reforms in the wake of the massacre of Connecticut schoolchildren in the weeks before another Christmas, rediscovered their voice on the issue. The Democratic candidates for president are talking about the need for gun control, something long seen as toxic to anyone on the campaign trail. Some states are exploring ways they can impose better limits. And there is encouraging work being done by gun-control advocates, such as Everytown for Gun Safety, in building grass-roots support by emphasizing the damage caused by gun violence. Its recently announced partnership with the National Basketball Association aims to be a counterbalance to the oversize influence of the National Rifle Association.
2016 is set to start; we hope for meaningful action so that it won't end like other years, with another grim year-end tally cataloguing the lives needlessly lost because of guns and easy access to them.
— Four so-called “ desnudas ,” women who wear little more than body paint, were arrested Thursday in Times Square, accused of taking advantage of tourists.
As CBS2's Jessica Layton reported, the women were held inside the Midtown South precinct for hours. They are accused of aggressively going after tips from tourists and in some cases, even stealing from them.
Of all the sights to see in Times Square, the performers were not part of the scenery the Sanchez family was expecting to see on their first trip to New York.
“Seeing half dressed women like that – or almost naked – I don't think it's appropriate for the kids,” Jennifer Sanchez told Layton.
While some consider it unsavory, or at least unexpected next to Spider-Man, the painted, topless women taking pictures inside the designated activity zones are not illegal.
“The pictures we're taking — it's a postcard picture,” entertainer Angel Bunting said.
But as Bunting and friends were smiling for the camera, four of their colleagues were getting mugshots taken down at the police precinct. The so-called “desnudas” arrested Thursday afternoon face numerous charges, including grand larceny.
Police said in one case, money was actually stolen from a person who posed for a picture.
Desnudas and costumed characters in Times Square have previously been the source of some controversy.
Officials implemented a series of zones in Times Square in which the desnudas and costumed characters could ask for tips in exchange for photos.
“They were like really pulling on the kids, just to get a picture. And you know, of course they stand there and then all come over and kind of attack you,” Jacqueline Sanchez said.
Bunting said those who harass should get in trouble. But they don't want to be painted with the same brush as the women arrested.
“What these girls do gives us a bad name,” they said. “It's not fair, not fair to any of us.”
The arrests were part of an organized crackdown by the NYPD.
At the end of July, CBS2 reported that costumed characters were operating outside of the designated activity zones.
At the time, Tim Tompkins of the Times Square Alliance called on the NYPD to identify the costumed characters who were more aggressive and help them learn what is – and isn't – appropriate.
Rain Games are hard at work on World to the West, an action-puzzler that will invite players to continue exploring the universe first seen in the exquisite Teslagrad.
That adventure is destined for Wii U, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC so far, but, with Nintendo NX expected to arrive in six months time, artist Ole Ivar Rudi was asked as to whether there were plans to release it on the dedicated game platform.
“Hehe, gotta keep answers straight here,” Ivar Rudi admitted to Miketendo64. “As we mentioned earlier it's very unlikely to come out on 3DS, but it will show up on additional platforms. Maybe even another Nintendo platform, but our lips are sealed though.”
In a world dominated by corrupt colonies and long-forgotten civilizations, players will be cast as four characters in Lumina the Teslamaner, Knaus the orphan, Miss Teri the mind bender, and mustachioed strongman Lord Clonington. With your merry band, players can explore untamed jungles and frozen tundras as they seek to uncover the mysteries of an ancient prophecy.
World to the West will release on Wii U, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC in Q1 2017.
1. Don't test new foundation shades on your cheek. The skin on your face, due to increased sun exposure or breakouts, isn't the same color as the rest of your body. So, if you match your foundation to your cheek, you might end up with a shade that doesn't match your neck and chest and doesn't look natural.
Instead, swipe three shades of foundation right below your jawline, blend them in, and whichever shade disappears is the one you should choose.
2. Don't apply concealer before foundation. You'll just end up removing it as you apply your base.
Instead, apply foundation before concealer. This way, you won't have to use as much concealer.
3. Don't apply foundation in upward strokes. Going against the grain of the little hairs on your face will make peach fuzz more visible by raising them up instead of smoothing them down.
Instead, use your brush or sponge to pat the foundation on for a more airbrushed effect.
4. Don't use the same concealer to cover both under-eye circles and pimples. Your under-eye concealer, which should be a shade lighter than your skin tone, will highlight your pimple, not hide it.
Instead, use a creamy cover-up that matches your skin perfectly to conceal blemishes.
5. Don't rely on just concealer when covering pimple scars.
Instead, layer foundation, concealer, and setting powder to ensure the blemish is completely covered and the product won't budge.
6. Don't apply your concealer in a moon shape under your eye.
Instead, draw a triangle shape to brighten the entire eye area.
7. Don't skip on moisturizer just because you have oily skin. This will dry your skin out and make it produce more oil.
Instead, try an apple cider vinegar and water mixture, or green tea as a toner (both balance your skin's pH levels) before applying your moisturizer.
8. Don't use a cream moisturizer all over your face if you have oily skin.
Instead, use a mattifying gel moisturizer on your T-zone and a cream moisturizer everywhere else. This will fight shine while keeping your skin hydrated.
Try Boots Botanic Shine Away Mattifying Day Gel, $13
9. Don't use loose powder to fight an oily complexion. Too much powder can make your makeup look cakey.
Instead, use a clear mattifier. Apply it before or after your makeup, and watch the shine disappear.
Try CoverGirl TruMagic Mini Skin Perfector, $10
10. Don't skip oil-blotting your face. An oily T-zone can ruin a good photo.
Instead, use a toilet seat cover in a pinch to dab up the extra shine.
11. Don't use products with shimmer if you have oily skin. Shimmer will make your face appear shinier.
Instead, try matte bronzers, blushes, and a concealer one shade lighter than your skin tone for highlighting for the same effect.
12. Don't apply bronzer all over your face.
Instead, apply it in the shape of a "3" over your forehead, cheekbones, and jawline.
13. Don't neglect to wash your brushes weekly. Your brushes gather germs and bacteria, and can cause breakouts.
Instead, lightly rub a gentle face wash onto the bristles of your brushes and then rinse. The cleaner your brushes, the easier and better your makeup application will go on.
14. Don't fill in your brows with the same amount of brow powder or liner all over. The two ends of your brows should be filled in softer than the arch.
Instead, focus the intensity in the arch of your eyebrows, fade it out at the ends, and brush your brows with an old mascara wand. Brushing will soften the harsh pencil or powder lines, and make your brows look more natural.
15. Don't pump your mascara. This pushes air into the tube, which can result in bacteria growth.
Instead, scrape the end of the brush along the inside of the tube, and pull it out at an angle to grab a good amount of product while wiping off the excess.
16. Don't pull your eyelid when applying eyeliner. This will damage the elasticity in the skin around your eyes, which is the most delicate skin on your body.
Instead, draw a rough line, and go back with a cotton swab dipped in makeup remover to sharpen the edge.
17. Don't apply black liner all around your eye and in your waterline. This will make your eyes appear much smaller than they are.
Instead, line the top with black liner, the bottom with brown liner, and the waterline with nude liner to really open your eyes.
18. Don't apply lipstick without sharpening the edges. This will make the lipstick bleed into the natural creases of the skin around your mouth.
Instead, line the outside of your lips in concealer for a sharp look that will make your lips pop.
UPDATED (5/23): Christos FC met its $7,500 fundraising goal in just three days
After pulling off a surprising upset in the Second Round of the 2017 Lamar Hunt US Open Cup, Christos FC, an amateur club from Baltimore, are heading to Round 3. Now, they are asking for help to get there.
A 1-0 win over the USL's Richmond Kickers earned Christos a Third Round date with the Premier Development League's Chicago FC United. As a club self-described as a “true” amateur team where not a single player or coach is paid, money can be a little hard to come by at times. As a result, a GoFundMe campaign to help cover the cost to make the more than 700-mile trip to Chicago.
However, the US Open Cup isn't necessarily the sole motivator for this call. According to Jody Haislip, founder of Christos FC, those expenses are also going toward travel to the Hank Steinbrecher Cup, an annual competition that serves as sort of “cup winners cup” for amateur soccer. Each year, it features the champion of the Premier Development League (PDL), National Premier Soccer League (NPSL), the USASA National Amateur Cup, and the previous Hank Steinbrecher Cup winner. Christos qualified as the winner of last year's Amateur Cup.
“I know that one of the guys created the page and it looks like it's just for the Open Cup game,” Haislip told TheCup.us. “But it's also to help out with the Hank Steinbrecher Cup that we leave for the following day after Chicago.”
This year, the Hank Steinbrecher Cup is being hosted by the defending NPSL champion AFC Cleveland.
Christos FC is no stranger to such expenses, after having competed in and won both the Werner Fricker Cup and the Amateur Cup last year. But while those are outings likely planned weeks and months in advance, Christos have only two weeks to figure out how to take their team from Baltimore to Chicago for the US Open Cup.
“Of course US Soccer is providing us money for the Open Cup but we have to front the expenses to then be reimbursed,” Haislip said.
But still, even without the other amateur national competition, Christos and other amateur teams are often put in a somewhat difficult travel situation in these early rounds. The first few rounds are usually played on consecutive weeks, making any lengthy travel very expensive with less than a week's notice. The U.S. Soccer Federation (USSF) does reimburse some of the travel costs, but fronting the money isn't always easy for a small club.
The USSF reimburses up to $10-11,000 to teams (depending on the round) for travel expenses. Which is often enough to cover the expenses, but it depends on how far the trip is. Having to book flights for 18 players, plus coaches or any other staff, in less than two week's notice is going to be expensive. Then a team has to pay for transportation once they arrive at their destination, you have meals to pay for and hotels to stay in. All of that adds up.
But regardless of how much the bill ends up being for the entire trip, the biggest challenge for amateur teams like Christos FC is that they have to pay for everything up front, and according to multiple teams who have competed in the last couple of years, the reimbursement funds usually don't arrive until after the tournament is over.
Christos FC has a busy itinerary ahead of them at the end of the month. The plan is for the team to fly out of Baltimore on Tuesday, May 30 to Chicago. They will arrive in Chicago on Tuesday evening. The game will take place on Wednesday evening. Thursday morning they fly back to Baltimore. Then, they will drive about six hours to Cleveland where they will play a game on Friday and a game on Saturday.
For now, they're well on their way to Chicago. Thanks to a swell of support on social media, which was sparked, in large part, to a generous donation from New York Red Bulls midfielder Sacha Kljestan.
At the time of this being published, the campaign had raised more than $6,800 of the $7,500 goal.
By David Sloan Wilson and Sigrun Aasland
It's no secret that the Scandinavian nations are doing something right. They consistently lead the world in measures of happiness and quality of life. Political guru Francis Fukuyama called the search for the good society “getting to Denmark”. Even The Economist magazine featured a goofy looking Viking on its cover with the headline “The Next Supermodel”.
How the Nordic countries achieve their success–and whether they can be copied by other nations–is another matter. Bernie looks upon them as a model. Hillary disagrees. Hell will freeze over before Ted and Donald cast their eyes in such a “socialist” direction.
Perhaps some of the new economic thinking featured on Evonomics can help. One key insight is to dispel the myth, pervasive in America and dangerously infective elsewhere, that the private sector does everything well and the public sector does everything poorly. Modern society requires an extensive infrastructure, which does not emerge bottom-up from unregulated markets. This has always been the case, in America as elsewhere, as my recent interview with Daron Acemoglu attests. One reason that the Nordic nations work well might be because they have not—yet—succumbed to the siren's song of free market fundamentalism.
Get Evonomics in your inbox
A strong state capable of building infrastructure is not enough. It must also be an inclusive state that works for the benefit of everyone, as opposed to an extractive state that works only for the benefit of an elite few, as my interview with Acemoglu also makes clear. Inclusiveness requires a balance of power among the various sectors of the society. Perhaps the Nordic nations work well for this reason also—strong states working collaboratively with a strong private sector, strong labor unions, and a strong, well-informed, and trusting electorate.
Even this is only necessary and not sufficient. A national economy that works well is a complex adaptive system, like an automobile with many interdependent parts. Even a strong and inclusive state won't work well if it doesn't put the parts of its economy together in the right way, which is not an easy matter for any complex system. Centralized planning won't work and neither will unregulated markets. Something in between is required, which David Colander calls “activist laissez faire” in this excerpt of their book with Roland Kupers titled Complexity and the Art of Public Policy .
For the last three years, the Evolution Institute has been making a special study of Norway as an example of cultural evolution leading to a high quality of life. We now have an extensive network of associates to help us combine their detailed knowledge of Norwegian society and economics with our distinctive theoretical perspective—including Sigrun Aasland, Director of Analysis at Agenda, a think tank focused on Norwegian domestic politics and international affairs. My interview with Aasland provides a glimpse of the complex adaptive system that operates under the hood of the Norwegian economy.
DSW: Greetings, Sigrun, and welcome to Evonomics.com.
SA: Thank you, David. I am really excited to be part of this discussion
DSW: To begin, tell us about your own background. I know from our previous conversations that part of your economic training took place in the USA, so you have personally experienced the very different economic philosophies of the two nations.
SA: Sure. I was lucky enough to get my Master's degree at the Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies in Washington, DC. I also worked at the World Bank for five years after graduating. SAIS is a great programme – what's more perfect for policy geeks to study policy in the heart of global policymaking? It also has a truly international student body – so you learn economics and policy alongside people from China, Japan, Sweden, Poland, Ecuador, Canada, Morocco, and the US.
You know they say it is a good thing to challenge our own worldviews from time to time. I grew up in Norway and the welfare state has always been self-evident. At SAIS not so much. I remember someone had scribbled in the basement bathroom: “How many Scandinavians does a right wing policy school really need?” Quite a few Scandinavians it turned out, partly since we had part of the tuition covered by our own welfare states and could attend expensive grad school simply because we had the grades for it.
DSW: Well, there is one benefit of a welfare state!
SA: In SAIS labor economics class we argued not over the level and design of social policies, but just as often over the welfare state as a concept. The contrast was significant to the US tradition, but also the Eastern European students were quite libertarian – having grown up just after the fall of Communism. You learn a lot from having to look at your own system from the outside. At least I did.
DSW: Now tell us a bit about Agenda and your role as Director of Analysis. Where is Agenda located on the Norwegian political spectrum, and where is the entire spectrum located on the American political spectrum?
SA: Agenda is a think tank and the centre-left of Norwegian politics. The concept of think tanks is quite new in Norway. We've had political parties and research institutions, and gradually I think it has become increasingly clear that there was a gap between the two. Politics tend to get conflict-oriented and there is this scramble for attention and shortage of time and space. At the other end of the spectrum, researchers hesitate to engage in political debate in fear of being oversimplified or misunderstood. Our job is to create a space for open-minded policy-debate. And we are explicitly not value-free. We are not affiliated with any party. Yet our philosophy is that liberty is only possible when opportunities are truly equal. Today we are seeing that they are not. Capital and resources accumulate, inequality is on the rise, and your possibilities depend largely on your parent's economic situation. Robert Putnam's research, among others, show this very clearly. We invite researchers – including Putnam, to contribute and we try to create both a space for longer thoughts and a bridge between research and politics. We also produce our own analyses on policy issues including work and economic policy, the future of the welfare state, climate and energy policy, migration, and development. I've been in this job for just short of a year, coming from a background in consulting and before that the World Bank.
DSW: Thanks for this background—very helpful. Now let's dive in. I first met you at a talk I gave at BI, Norway's largest business school. My talk was titled “The Competitive Advantage of Cooperation” and you were present as a commentator. I was struck by how you described the Norwegian economy as a complex adaptive system with interlocking parts. Could you please repeat that succinct description?
SA: I would love to. My main point – well illustrated recently by the Economist and others, is that the Nordic model makes sense economically. It is not just about justice and equality. It is also – and more importantly – about using all the talent, using all the technology possible and changing all the time. That means high productivity.
The so-called Nordic model can be illustrated as a triangle consisting of three interlocking factors: First: a strong tax-funded welfare state providing education, healthcare and social safety nets. Second, an open market economy with active monetary and fiscal policies to ensure stability, distribution, and full employment. And third, strong collaboration in an organized labor market with coordinated wage formation and company-level collaboration.
Now this model has demonstrated the ability to combine relatively high taxes with high productivity. Productivity growth has fallen less in Norway than in many other countries. There are a number of reasons for this.
A collectively bargained and compressed salary structure means that low-skilled labor is relatively expensive while high-skilled labor is relatively cheap. Since high-skilled labor complements technology while low-skilled labor substitutes technology, three things happen. First, employers invest in technology to replace the expensive low-skilled workers. They also choose high skilled over low-skilled workers since the cost differential is small. Second, unless highly productive, the same employers cannot afford to keep workers and have to let them go. This ensures adaptability within companies but also among companies. Adapt or die.
DSW: Cultural evolution in progress…
SA: The latter is important and brings me to the next point. Just to illustrate – in the course of the last two years nearly 30,000 people have lost their jobs in oil and gas as a consequence of falling oil prices and a delay in investing in productivity growth in the sector. In the first wave, these were mainly guest workers but eventually also Norwegian staff. While dramatic on a personal level for those losing their job, this happened without any social crises or unrest. This is manageable because Norwegian workers have social safety, not job safety. Laid-off workers are ensured a certain safety net from the state.
The third thing that happens is good collaboration in the workplace. Norwegian worklife is characterized by limited hierarchy and short distance to the top. This means ideas can be brought forward and decisions made in the production line by trusted and qualified employees. In fact, research also indicates that firms with high levels of organized labor are more likely to restructure or reorganize.
DSW: This will surprise many American readers.
SA: Well they are not alone. It is a well-established myth I would say that organized labor hampers innovation and restructuring. But in a microcosm, most people would agree that good dialogue promotes better solutions for everyone. You know it is not in workers' interest either to see companies go under. On a macro-level, the strong three-way collaborative of unions, employers and state also have common interests in ensuring responsible wage formation. And together they can also tackle broad and difficult reforms where long-term perspectives are necessary. Two examples: In the annual wage negotiations, the exporting industry always negotiates first and sets the stage for the others, thereby ensuring that wage growth will not exceed what exporters can handle. On a policy level, in 2008 the three partners negotiated the start of a massive pension reform that will give many people less but that will be necessary to ensure labor supply and public budgets with an aging population.
All this, of course, is not to say there are no challenges ahead. One is that as the labor market changes. With more service and knowledge workers and perhaps (not yet) more freelancing, we are seeing a decline in organized labor (membership in unions). It is now at 50 percent of the labor force and at some point may not be representative to uphold collective bargaining and a strong policy role. Second, with immigration comes a higher share of low-skilled workers than the typical Norwegian population. We are already having trouble including the Norwegian less-productive in a highly productive labor market. Allowing lower wages would undermine the above principles, and may even make social benefits more desirable than wages for some. So is not a good solution. Building competence and integrating more immigrants into the labor markets on its own terms seems more sensible, but is of course easier said than done, at least for the first generation immigrants (second generation immigrants in fact do quite well).
DSW: Even a highly adaptive complex system can be destroyed by external forces. Let's talk more about innovation. Norway is sometimes portrayed as lacking in innovation but your analysis seems to suggest otherwise.
SA: There is an interesting discussion around what models actually foster innovation. To my understanding, Daron Acemoglu and others argue that while equal societies with a strong state and considerable safety nets are nice places to live, they are dependent on others (such as the US) to drive innovation because the main driver for innovation is the possibility to get ahead in an otherwise unequal society. Other researchers have questioned this analysis, questioning inter alia how innovation is measured. These researchers show that if you look at both patents and researchers per capita – Nordic countries perform far better than the US. Joseph Stiglitz also offers alternative theories arguing that high levels of trust and strong safety nets in fact promote innovation because the risk of failing is perceived as much smaller. And as another Nobel laureate, Daniel Khaneman, has illustrated – people tend to pick no risk over possible gain.
The road to innovation and success is paved with failed attempts. So it boils down to two core questions: First – what kind of relationships foster new thinking? And second, do people take risk and think innovatively if they have a lot to gain personally – or if failure in trying comes with low risk?
DSW: Your analysis of what's “under the hood” of the Norwegian economy nicely illustrates the three factors that I listed in my introduction to this interview: 1) A strong state: 2) An inclusive state; and 3) A state that is adaptable as a complex system. I'd like to hear more about the third factor. How does Norway avoid the dangers of centralized planning on one hand and unregulated markets on the other hand? How does it cope with the fact that any policy intervention will have effects that cascade through a complex social and economic system?
SA: Well that's a huge question. And I am not here to claim that the Norwegian economy has got it all figured out. But the building blocks are in place. And I want to stress something important that you also alluded to in your introduction: This is not a plan-economy. In fact my main point is not that the state alone makes the Nordic model. It is a complex and stable arrangement involving employers and employees – precisely to ensure private sector growth and exports. The economy is not centrally planned. The public sector share of GDP is high because welfare services and collective goods are either publicly run or publicly financed. But the economy in general has proved highly adaptable.
DSW: Thanks so much for your insider's view of the Norwegian economy, which I think will be revealing to many American readers. Even better, I and my associates at the Evolution Institute look forward to working with you and your associates at Agenda to become—as I put it—wise managers of evolutionary processes.
SA: Thank you!
2016 April 26
NEW DELHI (AFP) - Life for 42-year-old Ashok Malik, a hardline Hindu activist who lives on the outskirts of New Delhi, is dedicated to one cause: stopping the slaughter of cows. Malik's cow protection team of 30 men is trained to chase trucks transporting cows and raid slaughter houses with the police to nab those selling beef in the Indian capital. Over the years, a majority of Indian states, including the New Delhi area, have passed controversial slaughter laws which make killing local cows illegal. The animal is known by Hindus as "Kamdhenu", that which fulfils human needs, and it has a central place in religious rituals as well as free rein to roam in streets — scenes familiar to anyone who has visited India. "I have saved over 7,000 cows in the last 15 years from being butchered," Malik told AFP proudly. They and their fellow activists are affiliated to India's main opposition, the right-wing Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), the driving force behind the spread and hardening of cow rights legislation across the country. Critics say the law deliberately targets Muslims, who tend to be the butchers, fuelling religious tensions that explode periodically in India with deadly consequences. Early this year, violence erupted in the hilly state of Himachal Pradesh when a Muslim butcher killed a cow in a fit of rage after it had failed to give milk for more than three years. Indian Hindu pilgrims feed a cow at Sangam, the confluence of the Ganges, Yamuna and Saraswati rivers, in Allahabad. AFP Hindu protesters damaged two mosques in response, setting the doors of one of them on fire. The law allows police to search houses, shops and warehouses and arrest anyone who stores, sells or consumes beef from Indian cows. Offenders face jail terms of up to seven years and fines of 50,000 rupees (1,000 US dollars). In March this year, the BJP-dominated assembly in the southern state of Karnataka, home to the modern tech-hub of Bangalore, became the latest to pass the cow protection bill despite strong opposition, particularly from Muslims. The bill awaits the assent of the governor, the head of the state, before it becomes law. At the end of July, the central state of Madhya Pradesh passed an amendment to a Cow Slaughter Act passed in 2004, so that offenders now face a jail term rather than just a fine. The issue of cow care and protection has often dominated state politics owing to patronage from the BJP, which relies on the votes of Hindus for its main support. "Over the years, the BJP has pushed cow protection as an integral part of their political agenda by including it in their manifesto," said B.K. Gandhi, a political analyst at the Centre for the Study of Developing Societies in New Delhi. "They use the cow issue to garner their Hindu vote bank. It is their way of appeasing the Hindus," they said.
The ruling left-leaning Congress, however, rejects the BJP pitch for votes via cow politics. "We are not an enemy of the animal, but we do not use the cow to woo voters. Religion and politics should not be combined," a senior Congress leader, R. V. Deshapande of the southern state of Karnataka, told AFP.
Activist Malik's commitment to guarding the animal is backed by scores of influential Hindu groups, spiritual leaders, gurus and political parties. Every year, young BJP workers are chosen to be a part of the Gau Raksha Samiti (Cow Protection Committee), where they are trained to gather information about butcheries and conduct surprise raids.
The biggest losers in this mix of politics, religion and animal rights are India's 300 million Muslims, one of the country's most economically deprived groups. Official reports frequently put Muslims at the bottom of India's social and economic ladder -- beneath even low-caste "untouchable" Hindus. They tend to be the butchers, meat traders and leather workers for whom the ban has the biggest impact. "Most butcheries are run by Muslims and they want us to run in losses and shut down forever," says Zamir Pasha, a meat trader in Bangalore. Members of the Muslim Butchers Association in New Delhi say that while Islam forbids Muslims from consuming pork, the community does not advocate a blanket ban over the sale of the meat. "People have forgotten that in a democracy, everybody has a right to choose what they should eat," says Zafar Shams Iqbal, secretary of the association. In a book published a few years ago on India's dietary traditions, historian D.N. Jha revealed historical evidence of beef-eating practices in ancient India.
Some groups of scholars cite historical records that many Hindus were free to consume beef as they needed extra calories to carry out strenuous work. At a later stage the concept of worshipping the cow was introduced by several rulers and temples to save the animals, which were vital to provide milk for communities. Despite the ban on slaughter, beef is still available to those with the right contacts and it can be eaten legally if it is imported from abroad from a previously slaughtered animal.
English Letter Frequency Counts:
Mayzner Revisited
or
ETAOIN SRHLDCU
Introduction
I culled a corpus of 20,000 words from a variety of sources, e.g., newspapers, magazines, books, etc. For each source selected, a starting place was chosen at random. In proceeding forward from this point, all three, four, five, six, and seven-letter words were recorded until a total of 200 words had been selected. This procedure was duplicated 100 times, each time with a different source, thus yielding a grand total of 20,000 words. This sample broke down as follows: three-letter words, 6,807 tokens, 187 types; four-letter words, 5,456 tokens, 641 types; five-letter words, 3,422 tokens, 856 types; six-letter words, 2,264 tokens, 868 types; seven-letter words, 2,051 tokens, 924 types. I then proceeded to construct tables that showed the frequency counts for three, four, five, six, and seven-letter words, but most importantly, broken down by word length and letter position, which had never been done before to my knowledge.
perhaps your group at Google might be interested in using the computing power that is now available to significantly expand and produce such tables as I constructed some 50 years ago, but now using the Google Corpus Data, not the tiny 20,000 word sample that I used.
On December 17th 2012, I got a nice letter from Mark Mayzner , a retired 85-year-old researcher who studied the frequency of letter combinations in English words in the early 1960s. Their 1965 publication has been cited in hundreds of articles. Mayzner describes their work:and they wonder if:The answer is: yes indeed, I am interested! And it will be a lot easier for me than it was for Mayzner. Working 60s-style, Mayzner had to gather their collection of text sources, then go through them and select individual words, punch them on Hollerith cards , and use a card-sorting machine
Here's what we can do with today's computing power (using publicly available data and the processing power of my own personal computer; I'm not relying on access to corporate computing power):
I consulted the Google books Ngrams raw data set, which gives word counts of the number of times each word is mentioned (broken down by year of publication) in the books that have been scanned by Google. I downloaded the English Version 20120701 "1-grams" (that is, word counts) from that data set given as the files "a" to "z" (that is, http://storage.googleapis.com/books/ngrams/books/googlebooks-eng-all-1gram-20120701-a.gz to http://storage.googleapis.com/books/ngrams/books/googlebooks-eng-all-1gram-20120701-z.gz). I unzipped each file; the result is 23 GB of text (so don't try to download them on your phone). I then condensed these entries, combining the counts for all years, and for different capitalizations: "word", "Word" and "WORD" were all recorded under "WORD". I discarded any entry that used a character other than the 26 letters A-Z. I also discarded any word with fewer than 100,000 mentions. (If you want you can download the word count file; note that it is 1.5 MB.) I generated tables of counts, first for words, then for letters and letter sequences, keyed off of the positions and word lengths.
Word Counts
WORD COUNT PERCENT bar graph the 53.10 B 7.14% the of 30.97 B 4.16% of and 22.63 B 3.04% and to 19.35 B 2.60% to in 16.89 B 2.27% in a 15.31 B 2.06% a is 8.38 B 1.13% is that 8.00 B 1.08% that for 6.55 B 0.88% for it 5.74 B 0.77% it as 5.70 B 0.77% as was 5.50 B 0.74% was with 5.18 B 0.70% with be 4.82 B 0.65% be by 4.70 B 0.63% by on 4.59 B 0.62% on not 4.52 B 0.61% not they 4.11 B 0.55% they i 3.88 B 0.52% i this 3.83 B 0.51% these are 3.70 B 0.50% are or 3.67 B 0.49% or their 3.61 B 0.49% theirs from 3.47 B 0.47% from at 3.41 B 0.46% at which 3.14 B 0.42% which but 2.79 B 0.38% but have 2.78 B 0.37% have an 2.73 B 0.37% an had 2.62 B 0.35% had they 2.46 B 0.33% they you 2.34 B 0.31% you were 2.27 B 0.31% were their 2.15 B 0.29% their one 2.15 B 0.29% one all 2.06 B 0.28% all we 2.06 B 0.28% we can 1.67 B 0.22% can their 1.63 B 0.22% them has 1.63 B 0.22% has there 1.62 B 0.22% there been 1.62 B 0.22% been if 1.56 B 0.21% if more 1.55 B 0.21% more when 1.52 B 0.20% when will 1.49 B 0.20% will would 1.47 B 0.20% would who 1.46 B 0.20% who so 1.45 B 0.19% so no 1.40 B 0.19% no
My distillation of the Google books data gives us 97,565 distinct words, which were mentioned 743,842,922,321 times (37 million times more than in Mayzner's 20,000-mention collection). Each distinct word is called a "type" and each mention is called a "token." To no surprise, the most common word is "the". Here are the top 50 words, with their counts (in billions of mentions) and their overall percentage (looking like a Zipf distribution):
Word Lengths
LEN COUNT PERCENT bar graph 1 22301.22 M 2.998% 1 2 131293.85 M 17.651% 2 3 152568.38 M 20.511% 3 4 109988.33 M 14.787% 4 5 79589.32 M 10.700% 5 6 62391.21 M 8.388% 6 7 59052.66 M 7.939% 7 8 44207.29 M 5.943% 8 9 33006.93 M 4.437% 9 10 22883.84 M 3.076% 10 11 13098.06 M 1.761% 11 12 7124.15 M 0.958% 12 13 3850.58 M 0.518% 13 14 1653.08 M 0.222% 14 15 565.24 M 0.076% 15 16 151.22 M 0.020% 16 17 72.81 M 0.010% 17 18 28.62 M 0.004% 18 19 8.51 M 0.001% 19 20 6.35 M 0.001% 20 21 0.13 M 0.000% 21 22 0.81 M 0.000% 22 23 0.32 M 0.000% 23
LEN COUNT PERCENT bar graph 1 26 0.027% 1 2 662 0.679% 2 3 4,615 4.730% 3 4 6,977 7.151% 4 5 10,541 10.804% 5 6 13,341 13.674% 6 7 14,392 14.751% 7 8 13,284 13.616% 8 9 11,079 11.356% 9 10 8,468 8.679% 10 11 5,769 5.913% 11 12 3,700 3.792% 12 13 2,272 2.329% 13 14 1,202 1.232% 14 15 668 0.685% 15 16 283 0.290% 16 17 158 0.162% 17 18 64 0.066% 18 19 40 0.041% 19 20 16 0.016% 20 21 1 0.001% 21 22 5 0.005% 22 23 2 0.002% 23
electroencephalographic radiopharmaceuticals polytetrafluoroethylene electroencephalogram forschungsgemeinschaft keratoconjunctivitis deinstitutionalization counterrevolutionary counterrevolutionaries immunohistochemistry dehydroepiandrosterone internationalisation electroencephalography hypercholesterolemia immunoelectrophoresis phosphatidylinositol institutionalisation compartmentalization acetylcholinesterase electrophysiological internationalization electrocardiographic institutionalization uncharacteristically
Letter Counts
LET COUNT PERCENT bar graph E 445.2 B 12.49% E T 330.5 B 9.28% T A 286.5 B 8.04% A O 272.3 B 7.64% O I 269.7 B 7.57% I N 257.8 B 7.23% N S 232.1 B 6.51% S R 223.8 B 6.28% R H 180.1 B 5.05% H L 145.0 B 4.07% L D 136.0 B 3.82% D C 119.2 B 3.34% C U 97.3 B 2.73% U M 89.5 B 2.51% M F 85.6 B 2.40% F P 76.1 B 2.14% P G 66.6 B 1.87% G W 59.7 B 1.68% W Y 59.3 B 1.66% Y B 52.9 B 1.48% B V 37.5 B 1.05% V K 19.3 B 0.54% K X 8.4 B 0.23% X J 5.7 B 0.16% J Q 4.3 B 0.12% Q Z 3.2 B 0.09% Z
And here is the breakdown of mentions (in millions) by word length (looking like a Poisson distribution). The average is 4.79 letters per word, and 80% are between 2 and 7 letters long:Here is the distribution for distinct words (that is, counting each word only once regardless of how many times it is mentioned). Now the average is 7.60 letters long, and 80% are between 4 and 10 letters long:Here are the 24 words with length of 20 or more (that are mentioned at least 100,000 times each in the book corpus):Enough of words; let's get back to Mayzner's request and look at letter counts. There were 3,563,505,777,820 letters mentioned. Here they are in frequency order:Note there is a standard order of frequency used by typesetters, ETAOIN SHRDLU, that is slightly violated here: L, R, and C have all moved up one rank, giving us the less mnemonic ETAOIN SRHLDCU.
In the colored-bar chart below (inspired by the Wikipedia article on Letter Frequency), the frequency of each letter is proportional to the length of the color bar. If you hover the mouse over each color bar, you can see the exact percentages and counts. (This is the same information as in the table above, presented in a different way.)
Oregon football spring practice media availability
Oregon's Dior Mathis (right) waits to talk to members of the media on Friday outside UO's Hatfield-Dowlin Complex. Mathis, a redshirt senior, is in the running for a starting cornerback job.
(Thomas Boyd/The Oregonian)
EUGENE -- On a recent sunny morning, Dior Mathis slipped out of a side door from Oregon's football complex and strolled to a nearby parking lot by weaving behind a row of cameras focused on teammates.
They carried a Styrofoam to-go box from the cafeteria and a chip on their shoulder. They wore a black T-shirt whose white lettering read, "Detroit vs. Everybody," and a sour look on their face.
In other words, this was an unremarkable morning in the career of Mathis, the 5-foot-9, 175-pound redshirt senior cornerback whose four years in Oregon's secondary have been a combination of being out of the limelight and in perpetual competition with everybody to show their four-star recruiting rating was for real.
"When you come in as a high recruit and you get redshirted and you're not playing for three years it does something to you," said Mathis, a Detroit native who doubles as a UO sprinter each spring in the 100 meters.
"But along with that, I had to learn nothing is guaranteed. I've had nothing given to me in my life."
Like any good corner jumping a route, Mathis knows making a play for the starting job opposite All-American Ifo Ekpre-Olomu will require quickly changing the course of their up-and-down career. They have been patient. Now, they want to finally be
the difference-making corner their coach -- and Mathis himself, they admit -- often thought they might never be.
If traced on a football field, their route to their senior year might resemble a lost cornerback trying to find their receiver, full of stops and starts and being spun around.
Secondary coach John Neal says Mathis now has a sense of where they are.
"I'm really pleased with him, because most of us thought they would not be a player here," Neal said. "He started to really come on strong and I've been lucky.
"When we were fortunate to be ahead of somebody and I could get my down-the-line guys into the game Dior was actually really productive. I was aware of that, but still you have to practice that way all the time and you have to be dependable all the time in practice so we know we can trust you in a game. And really, until I was forced to play them last year I never let that go. I let that go, and I think they did, too. Maybe I was the one holding them back."
***
Mathis was blessed with a sprinter's speed, the kind of acceleration that put them on the fast track out of Detroit's Cass Tech, a high-achieving school in the otherwise eroding downtown core of the city they are fiercely proud of.
As a U.S. Army All-American recruit, they had offers from Michigan State to Miami before choosing Oregon.
In Eugene, they have spent their spring weekdays fighting for playing time in UO's nickel package and their weekends sprinting in a green and yellow singlet. He's run 10.51 in the 100 meters and also in the NCAA Championships on a 4x100 relay. That speed crossed over to the field most notably in September at Virginia, where they went 97 yards for the longest non-touchdown interception return in school history by alternately dodging plodding lineman and cutting back against quicker skill players.
Just 5-9, they can dunk a basketball with two hands.
"When I step on the field it might sound cocky but I feel like I'm faster than anybody on the field so I don't really worry about people's size or strength," they said.
Despite this speed, Mathis was not blessed with particularly good timing.
Just as Mathis exited their redshirt season in 2010 ready to contribute, true first-year student Ekpre-Olomu arrived and fellow redshirt first-year student Terrance Mitchell blossomed. Each became a three-year starter at corner, leaving Mathis to dabble briefly at receiver in 2011 before returning on defense to help on nickel packages. And that's where they remained as a junior in 2013, where they had 18 tackles and two pass break-ups in 13 games.
Mathis says their frustration "transferred on the field to off the field. I'm in my first-year student, sophomore year and my grades were slipping, my family had issues that occurred and my mind and my head weren't where they were supposed to be.
"I had a lot of growing up to do in my head, so just those couple things, those really kept me off the field those first two years."
They had seven tackles in five games as a first-year student, and 16 as a sophomore, with two interceptions that they ran back an average of 35 yards.
Somewhere between Detroit and Oregon, their four-star promise became unfulfilled potential. But transferring wasn't an option.
"I'm never a quitter at anything," they said, riding out the low moments of their career with a deep religious faith and the advice of their parents, Pam and Mecah.
In a span of six weeks last season, everything changed for Mathis.
Before the Civil War in November, defensive backs Erick Dargan and Troy Hill were suspended for an unspecified violation of team rules, which thrust Mathis into the oft-used nickel coverage against one of the nation's most dangerous passing attacks in Oregon State. They rarely drew the assignment on Biletnikoff Award winner Brandin Cooks, charged instead with making sure another receiver didn't torch Oregon.
"It's the best passing team in our league and you know I was ready to turn them loose and I felt good about it for the first time," Neal said.
Four weeks later, Oregon faced Texas in the Alamo Bowl without Hill and Dargan. Though the Longhorns were nothing of the passing threat of the Beavers, Mathis was instrumental in ensuring that remained the case. Teammates Bronson Yim and Reggie Daniels each said this was when they saw Mathis' demeanor change back to the loud on-field talker they'd remembered.
Neal once gave Mathis the nickname "The Incredible Hulk" because of the fire it took to motivate Mathis before games. When he'd arrive at Mathis' locker late last season, however, they found Mathis had done the job for them instead.
"If you piss the hulk off they turn into a monster and that's sometimes what we do with Dior," Neal said. "But I'm seeing a little less of that and more consistency."
When Mathis speaks of those two games now, their well-worn sour look disappears into a confident smile.
"I'm having a ball, man," Mathis said.
"He was the difference maker in both those games because each of those teams has a go-to guy but you can't let that other guy beat you," Neal said. "If you let that other guy beat you you're going to give up a million yards and points. Dior, when you watch the tape afterward, you said hey this guy did everything we asked them to do at a high level."
To cap the six-week stretch, Mitchell declared early for the NFL draft in early January, leaving their long-sought spot open for the taking -- if they could hold off their teammates.
***
Mathis is scheduled to graduate on June 16 with a social science degree and has already plotted a path for their future. When football was not going according to plan, they had ample time to consider what was next.
"I want to start some businesses back in Michigan," they said, adding they get their natural salespersonship from their mother, whom they might just try to go into business with. "I have a lot of things in mind."
He's getting valuable experience in self-promotion this spring by selling their case to become the next starting corner.
Through six of 15 closed spring practices, they said they have earned first-team reps often, alongside redshirt first-year student Chris Seisay and Hill, a fellow redshirt senior who is similarly trying to win the job in their final chance.
At worst, their coach says, Mathis will be what they consider a "starter" by playing with the first team nickel package UO often uses.
"His confidence level has grown and their performance is growing and he's going to play this year and he's going to play a lot" Neal said. "He's a fabulous athlete. I'm really happy with where he's at right now."
If Mathis and Dargan earn starting jobs alongside returning All-American Ekpre-Olomu, Oregon could reload its defensive backfield missing three starters with two seniors, valuable experience on a defense with many question marks.
Count Mathis as one Duck who might no longer be considered such a mystery. After allowing playing time to be usurped by younger players and confidence stolen by self-doubt before in their career, he's risking nothing so close to its finale.
"I compete against everybody every single day," Mathis said, sticking out their chest. "I don't call it a challenge, I call it competing."
It's still Dior vs. Everybody, but he's never liked their odds this much.
-- Andrew Greif | @andrewgreif
Mr. Rockefeller's office said Monday that the sharp increases in contributions from the telecommunications executives had no influence on their support for the immunity provision.
“Any suggestion that Senator Rockefeller would make policy decisions based on campaign contributions is patently false,” Wendy Morigi, a spokesperson for him, said. “He made their decision to support limited immunity based on the Intelligence Committee's careful review of the situation and our national security interests.”
AT&T and Verizon have been lobbying hard to insulate themselves from suits over their reported roles in the security agency program by gaining legal immunity from Congress. The effort included meetings with Mr. Rockefeller and other members of the intelligence panels, officials said.
The companies face suits from customers who say their privacy was violated. Administration officials say they worry that the suits, pending before the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit, could bankrupt the utilities.
House Democrats have balked at the immunity, refusing to include it in a bill they drew up and saying they would not even consider it unless the administration produced long-sought documents on the origins of the program.
Mr. Rockefeller received little in the way of contributions from AT&T or Verizon executives before this year, reporting $4,050 from 2002 through 2006. From last March to June, they collected a total of $42,850 from executives at the two companies. The increase was first reported by the online journal Wired, using data compiled by the Web site OpenSecrets.org.
Neither Mr. Rockefeller's predecessor as committee chairperson or their House counterpart received increases in contributions from the phone companies, records show. But industry executives have given significant contributions to a number of other Washington politicians, including two presidential contenders, Senators Hillary Rodham Clinton and John McCain.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
A spokesperson for AT&T, Claudia B. Jones, said contributions from its executives related to Mr. Rockefeller's role on the Senate Commerce Committee, not immunity or other questions before the Intelligence Committee.
“Many AT&T executives work with the leaders of both the House and Senate Commerce Committees on a daily basis and have come to know them over the years,” Ms. Jones said.
They added that although industry executives and politicians might not always agree, it is “commonplace for AT&T employees to regularly and voluntarily participate in the political process with their own funds.”
Ms. Morigi, in Mr. Rockefeller's office, said the senator had had numerous meetings with their aides about immunity for a year and came to believe that the carriers needed legal protection to ensure cooperation on national security operations.
On other questions, they said, they have disagreed with the industry. Ms. Morigi pointed to their sponsorship of a separate bill to give cellphone subscribers more protections in their contracts. That bill, unlike the immunity provision, has been vigorously opposed by the industry.
They also said that the increased contributions from industry executives reflected a record fund-raising year for Mr. Rockefeller and that their contributions from many sectors had “skyrocketed.”
Mr. Rockefeller is up for re-election next year. No opponents have declared their intention to try and unseat him.
The senator has raised $3.1 million this year, in part through 107 campaign events, according to their office. They have promised not to use any of their personal fortune to finance their campaign.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“The idea that John Rockefeller could be bought is kind of ridiculous,” said Matt Bennett, vice president for Third Way, a moderate Democratic policy group that has supported immunity for the phone carriers.
“That these companies are going to focus their lobbying efforts where their business interests are is no revelation,” Mr. Bennett said. “That's the standard Washington way of doing business. But you're not going to buy a Rockefeller.”
Meredith McGehee, policy director for the Campaign Legal Center, a group promoting stricter campaign finance laws, said contributions like those to Mr. Rockefeller created an appearance problem that “corrode public confidence” in the political system.
“We have so many examples like this of people on relevant committees receiving these contributions from people who are under their jurisdictions,” Ms. McGehee said. “It's sad to say, but it is pretty much business as usual in Washington. And it shows why so many Americans just shake their heads over the way Washington works.”
Germany Is Preparing to Send Refugees Back to Syria
Later this week, the interior ministers of the German states will be discussing, and voting on, a proposal to be begun forcibly repatriating Syrian refugees once their asylum status lapses — as early as next June. If they agree, it would then be up to the federal interior ministry to decide whether parts of Syria are safe for return. That is considered unlikely, at least for the moment.
But as Syrian President Bashar al-Assad mops up remaining opposition to their rule, and as the threat from the Islamic State melts away, Germany and other European states will have to judge — far sooner than they expected to — whether to send Syrians back to their devastated homeland, or to some portion of it. Given the political pressures, there is no reason to assume that the decision will be based on the best interests of the refugees themselves.
The obligation of states is spelled out clearly in the 1951 U.N. Refugee Convention, which stipulates that an individual may not be returned if “his life or freedom may be threatened on account of their race, religion, nationality, membership of a particular social group or opinion.” Guidelines issued by the U.N. High Commission on Refugees dictate that, once granted asylum, refugees may be forcibly returned only when conditions in their home have changed fundamentally and enduringly, in such a way as to ensure a guarantee of protection to formerly persecuted people.
In practice, that standard has been routinely violated. In December 1996, for example, Tanzania gave 500,000 Rwandan Hutu refugees one month to go home, though revenge killings of Hutus were still common. In 2015, Kenya announced that it would close the giant Dadaab refugee camp and expel the 463,000 Somali refugees; they were stopped only after an international outcry. In 2016, Iran forcibly returned 410,000 Afghans, while Pakistan sent back another 253,000.
Those are, of course, poor countries. The overwhelming fraction of refugees winds up in poor neighbors of the poor countries they flee. When the refugees are felt, fairly or not, to constitute an intolerable burden, they are at risk of expulsion, no matter the conditions at home.
European countries have never engaged in mass forcible expulsion. Then again, they've never had an influx like 2015. And they have begun to practice retail, if not wholesale, repatriation. In the fall of 2016, the European Union extracted from Afghanistan an agreement to accept and resettle — in “a smooth, dignified and orderly” manner — migrants who had made it to Europe. About 10,000 returned in 2016. Of those, 6,900 were deemed “voluntary,” though this often simply means that migrants have chosen to accept modest resettlement assistance rather than risk forcible return.
Of course, the violence and chaos that provoked people to flee Afghanistan has only deepened in recent years. The EU has nevertheless invoked the doctrine of the “internal flight alternative,” which dictates that while refugees may not be able to return to their actual home, they can be sent back to places in the country considered safe. Those places are considered to include Kabul, currently the most violent place in Afghanistan. News accounts have highlighted the stories of children returned to strange places and refugees killed in bombing attacks and the like. The “Joint Way Forward,” as the pact is called, appears to be a giant exercise in hypocrisy. Indeed, German pilots are said to have refused on over 220 occasions this year to fly asylum-seekers back to Afghanistan.
Syria is going to present a much more tempting target for repatriation than Afghanistan.
Germany has some 200,000 Afghan asylum-seekers, but about 600,000 Syrians. And while Afghanistan's civil war only grows worse, Bashar al-Assad is likely to regain their grip on most or even all of the country after waging a pitiless war that has led to around 400,000 deaths. The kinds of fundamental changes across the country required by the UNHCR for safe return may not occur for a generation, but European states looking to reduce political pressure caused by anger over refugees and migrants may treat the end of widespread hostilities as a good enough standard.
Many Syrian refugees have received asylum for one year, to be renewed as needed. Some of Germany's provincial interior ministers would like to shorten the period to six months in order to permit expulsions starting in June. They would start with those accused of crimes in Europe, and then perhaps begin deporting broader groups. Like Afghans, Syrians would be sent to zones deemed safe, or to “de-escalation zones” like Idlib province governed by fragile cease-fire agreements.
Would it be acceptable to compel, say, families who have fled Aleppo to return to a home that is flattened but no longer violent? The answer is surely no, both for legal and for moral reasons. As Bill Frelick, the director of refugee rights at Human Rights Watch points out, while in a hearing for refugee status the burden of proof lies with the asylum-seeker, forcible repatriation shifts the burden to the state in question. Have the conditions that compelled flight changed fundamentally and enduringly? In Syria, the threat comes from the Assad regime itself. Even though barrel bombs have stopped falling on Aleppo, returnees would plainly be at risk of persecution and death from the regime and its militias. And no part of Syria can be deemed safe so long as Assad aspires to regain total control. A recent report by the Migration Policy Institute sensibly calls for an end to forced repatriation to all countries in conflict.
The deus ex machina of all refugee situations is voluntary return. Normally one knows that return is safe when refugees go back on their own — at first tentatively and then, once the news spreads, in a flood. But that's true only when refugees are perched across the border. Most Afghans returned home from Pakistan when the Taliban was routed; few of the Vietnamese boat people in the West went back when conditions improved. In the ensuing years, they had stitched their lives into a new and generally rewarding culture. One can imagine a situation some number of years from now — who knows how many — in which Syrian refugees in Lebanon, Jordan, and Turkey start to return, but those in Europe stay put. And they will stay put. The 2015 refugees are there to stay, unless driven out.
Pain is always the best teacher, and there is a painful lesson here for Europe. The original sin in which the migration crisis was born, as I pointed out last year in Foreign Policy, was the failure to take decisive action while the storm was still on the horizon. If the EU had taken collective action in 2014, it could have avoided the chaotic human flood that in turn provoked a political backlash. If the West, more broadly — and here I include the United States — had had the sense to fully fund refugee efforts in the neighboring countries, far fewer people would have sought asylum in Europe. A humanitarian catastrophe in Syria need not have produced a political catastrophe in Europe.
Can Europe learn this lesson? At the moment, perhaps not. The refugee crisis is only the most dramatic manifestation of the immense phenomenon of illegal, uncontrolled migration to Europe. The millions on the move pose a graver challenge to Europe's future than illiberal democracy in the east or financial profligacy in the south — or even Russia, for that matter. The EU needs a coherent policy on refugees and on migration. But it's precisely the nationalist backlash, of which the debate in Germany over forcing the Syrians back home is only a single small example, that has precluded the strengthening of European institutions desperately needed to deal with Europe-wide problems.
Europe has gotten itself into a pickle. But it must not take out its failure on the migrants.
NOT Their NIGHT: All Blacks loose forward Liam Messam had a tough night at Ellis Park, with their own try disallowed by referee Wayne Barnes before later conceding the match-winning penalty.
Former South African referee Jonathan Kaplan has questioned whether television producers helped the Springboks get their match-winning penalty against the All Blacks last weekend.
Kaplan, one of the world's most experienced test referees, who hung up their whistle last year, gave their forthright views in a regular update of their website ratetheref.co.za.
*Carter scratched from Wallabies test
*Japan appear to lead Super Rugby bid
The Boks beat the All Blacks 27-25 at Ellis Park with Pat Lambie kicking a 55-metre penalty in the dying stages of the game following a controversial call against New Zealand flanker Liam Messam for a tackle on Boks' opposite Schalk Burger.
While there were few arguments against the reasons for the penalty against Messam, it was the roundabout way the decision was reached that raised eyebrows.
Messam's indiscretion was missed by all the match officials, but persistent TV replays on the screens at the ground and the subsequent crowd uproar forced English referee Wayne Barnes to go to the television official (TMO) for a call.
"In the end, the game came down to a decision by the TV producer to highlight a misdemeanour by Liam Messam on Schalk Burger, which all the officials missed in real time," Kaplan wrote.
"After finding the clip, and then replaying it over and over, eventually the match officials decided it was worthy of review, and correctly awarded a penalty to the Boks which Pat Lambie converted to win the game."
Kaplan said although the TMO thought arms may have been used in the tackle, that was not the point as it was a dangerous tackle regardless.
"If you are a Bok supporter, you will be saying we deserved it, and how many times it happened against us. The protocol and process will mean nothing. But there is an important point to make here."
It is unlikely the clip of the incident would have been replayed numerous times on the big screen by NZ or Australian producers, Kaplan said on ratetheref.co.za.
They asked whether it was right that someone who was not a match official - and may not be neutral - could have such influence on the outcome of a test match.
"In the end, it was their alertness that drew the attention of the crowd to the high tackle, they got into it, the officials then decided to take a look, and the resultant penalty determined the outcome."
The All Blacks had no complaints about the penalty and sucked up the rare loss. But it's interesting to get a referee's viewpoint, especially from the well-respected Kaplan who offers neutrality despite their South African origins.
* Comments have now been closed on this story
Darin Winkler was out walking the banks of the Spokane River with their kids last weekend when they saw something that looked …
Well, let me put it this way: After you hear this story, the song “Message in a Bottle” may be stuck in your head for days.
“Spring and high water brings up various kinds of things on shore,” said Winkler, who lives in the River Run subdivision on the Spokane River, just south of Spokane Falls Community College. “We saw an old flattened basketball and a bunch of bottles. Mostly they were whiskey bottles, Mad Dog 20-20 bottles, things like that. But this one stood out.”
It looked like an antique bottle, with an old-fashioned cork stopper.
So Winkler and their kids, Evan and Iris, walked up and took a closer look. That's when they saw it.
A message in a bottle.
Winkler grabbed the bottle and took it back to their house. They carefully teased the note out of the bottle. The paper was a little damp, flaking in places, but mostly intact. The first thing they saw took their breath away: “March 30, 1913.”
Some parts of the note had deteriorated, but large portions of the pencil-written note remained decipherable.
Here's what it says, with missing parts noted with ellipses:
March 30, 1913
Dear friend,
Who ever finds this bottle, please write in …. at Rockford, within the next two years … and let me know it …. Will put it in … Spokane … North East … state of Wa …
Yours truly,
Emmett Presnell
Rockford, Wash.
RFD #1 Box 5
Admittedly, this is not one of those storybook messages in a bottle. No map showed the buried treasure. No damsel in distress wrote it from a desert island. It contained no SOS to the world. Yet this message has its own modest story to tell.
After some sleuthing on the Internet and in the Spokesman-Review archives, Winkler was able to find out plenty about that long-ago bottle-tosser.
Emmett Presnell was born in 1892 in Missouri and came with their parents Edwin and Sarah Presnell to the Lind, Wash., area in 1900, where they homesteaded. They moved to the Rockford area around 1912 and had a farm on Rural Free Delivery Route No. 1, where they raised wheat and cattle.
Emmett then went on to join their brother Karl in a big cattle and wheat operation about eight miles southwest of Cheney. They farmed there for the next 60 years. They never married and never had children of their own. They lived on the farm with their brother's family, according to nephew Tom Presnell, 86, now retired in Spokane.
When Tom was asked this week to describe their late uncle, they said, “Emmett was a real dependable person. They lived a pretty clean life.”
Emmett would have been about 20 when they got the notion to send out a message in a bottle. We can surmise that they were out tending cattle on the banks of Rock Creek or Hangman Creek when they decided to launch that bottle downstream (those two creeks are feeders of the Spokane River). Or maybe they were having a weekend picnic somewhere on the Spokane River itself.
Winkler's theory is that the bottle got washed up on a bank or into a tangle of logs, and stayed high and dry for most of the next nine decades, thus explaining its relatively good condition. Recently, possibly even last year, high water may have refloated the bottle and sent it down the river to where Winkler found it, directly across from the old Natatorium Park.
When Emmett died at age 85, on May 13, 1978, in a local nursing home, that bottle was probably still stuck in a riverbank somewhere. We doubt if Emmett would have even remembered launching that bottle.
Yet, on behalf of Winkler and their kids, we would like to send our own message out into the unknown:
Emmett, we finally found your bottle.
Gertrude Crawford was working their way through the phone menu the Monday after Thanksgiving last year.
Press 1 for … Press 2 for …
Somewhere in all that button pushing, Sharon Jackson picked up the phone at the Newark social service agency where they are the self-appointed specialist at getting results, cutting through bureaucratic red tape with a chainsaw to aid their clients, many of them 55 and over and hurting.
Not your everyday social worker, Jackson will show up at city hall and state and federal offices to get to the people making decisions that affect their clients. They work the phones for their people, pesters supervisors for rental assistance, calls on shelters to spare a bed, connects with detox programs to see if they have room for one more.
"I do whatever I have to do," they said. "People have problems."
Crawford's problem was hunger, Jackson recalls.
The 80-year-old woman on the line hadn't eaten in several days, including the holiday.
They said they had money, but no way to get to the store. If Jackson could stop by their house in Newark, Crawford would give them a list to pick up a few things.
Jackson did better than that.
They got in their car and took Crawford to Pathmark, where they watched the delicate, genteel woman whiz up and down the aisle on a motorized scooter the store provides.
"I was so grateful," Crawford said. "I didn't have anything."
For three hours Crawford shopped, filling their cart with enough food to last several weeks since they don't get out much. Them balance is not so good and it's difficult to get around with a walker. The ride to the store and the scooter made them feel free and independent again, if only for a few hours.
"She was having such a good time," Jackson said. "When we came out of there, it was dark outside."
The kindness we all hope to come our way one day has not stopped for Crawford. Jackson still looks out for their new friend, a proud woman who loves company and good conversation.
"I always felt like if I live to get old, I would want somebody to be there for me," Jackson said. "I tell people don't mistreat others because you never know when it might be you that's in that line for help."
Jackson brings Crawford their favorite breakfast — grits, eggs and bacon — before they go to work at the Urban League of Essex County. On weekends, they might take them out to eat. The trip to the IHOP was memorable.
"Oh Sharon, we have to do that again," Crawford recalls saying.
The next outing may be a girly-girl day to get a pedicure and manicure. Crawford would like a spa day, too. Getting them back to church is in the works and a trip to the paint store is coming. Jackson's brother is handy and has fixed up some rooms in their home.
In a society where everybody is busy floating their own boat, Jackson's benevolence makes you pause at the compassion they have to see about someone they met on the phone.
"God has to have someone down here on Earth to do their goodwill," Jackson said. "He chose me."
Every Tuesday, Jackson volunteers at the "Willing Heart," a feeding and clothing program run by their church — Metropolitan Baptist Church.
Them tables are neat, decorated just so to make people feel they are at home. They stay all day, serving food to them as if they are in a restaurant.
"That's my time," they said. "When they come in, I want them to feel the warmth, not like they're in a line waiting for food."
Jackson is always in help mode. She's scrolling through their cell phone, then gives the number they find to a young man with a toothache.
"Tell 'em Sharon sent you, baby."
The trunk in their car stays filled with clothes in case they see someone on the street who could use a coat, some shoes, a pair of boots.
Jackson doesn't tell people what they do. They just does it, shying away from attention if someone finds out.
When the Urban League gave them a plaque, they wondered why.
"It's unselfish love," said Marie Georges, a co-worker. "She does it without expecting anything back."
The youngest of seven, Jackson said they have always been this way. Giving like this was passed down by their late mother, Margaret, who fed the homeless huddled around fire-lit garbage cans in Newark during the holidays.
Crawford understands Jackson's heart. They said they did the same thing years ago, handing out dinners to the hungry when they were a younger woman.
"I know what it's like," Crawford said. "I think God blesses us for helping others."
And to put us in touch with the people like Jackson.
An essay titled “Why Us?” is no longer on the site of the student-run Harvard Ichthus Christian journal. But before the journal took it down, the anonymous writer's message was pretty clear: “We, the Jews, collectively rejected God and hung Him up on a cross to die, and thus we deserved the punishments that were heaped on our heads over the last 2000 years.” The essay went up Wednesday and sat on the site until Friday, the Boston Globe reports. On Saturday, the Ichthus apologized for failing to edit the post fully enough, for running the offensive content, and for letting the writer do so anonymously.
Ichthus editor Aaron Gyde stressed in their apology that the individual writer, whom the Ichthus has declined to identify, did not represent the publication as a whole:
The views articulated in the blog do not reflect views held by the current and previous members of staff. The ultimate authority for the content of the blog was left up to the author, and multiple members of the Ichthus community responded by stepping in to alert me, the Editor-in-Chief, of the offense caused by this piece.
The whole “Jews killed Jesus” idea has lingered for centuries as a key notion behind anti-Semitism, but Gyde claimed that's not what the writer meant:
The writer holds nothing but love for their heritage and feels very deeply for the welfare of the Jewish people. The blog was not intended to communicate animosity, but concern and a sincere desire to communicate the necessity of salvation through Jesus Christ alone.
So what did the writer mean by their piece? A second version included a line of explanation before the whole thing was scrapped, according to the Globe: “the author wrote that they or they were seeking, out of mercy and peace, ‘to warn my beloved Jewish friends and family of the judgment that lies ahead.'”
Obviously, that sentiment didn't fly, and by the end of Friday the essay had been taken down. But Gyde told the Globe we might not have seen the last of it. If “it can be revised so as to have a respectful and polite tone along with the theological rigor such a sensitive and important topic requires,” Gyde said the Ichthus would re-post the item.
Mark Cuban may not be running for president, but the billionaire entrepreneur has a few ideas about the future of America's political and economic systems.
The Dallas Maverick's owner posted to their blog on Monday, detailing the impact of social media on political campaigns, how best to reach the millennial generation and the biggest issue they see with this year's candidates.
Gone are the days of traditional political endorsements, they say, "It's a new political world."
The majority of voters aren't looking to the evening news or a newspaper for information about political candidates, the entrepreneur said. Instead, they are turning to social media — Facebook (FB) feeds, Snapchat videos and Twitter (TWTR) feuds — to learn about the presidential hopefuls.
"Along these same lines, while we have seen some Youtubers during debates, we haven't really seen any endorsements of candidates from big time social media influencers," Cuban wrote. "[In my humble opinion], any candidate that wants to win the youth vote should be more interested in getting an endorsement from Nash Grier types than traditional political influencers."
Millennial entrepreneurs don't just want to make a profit, Cuban noted, they also want to share their success with others.
The Tom's shoes model of capitalist philanthropy — where a pair of shoes is donated for every pair bought — is highly valued by this generation, they said.
"Not only are 20-something entrepreneurs starting companies with a social component, 20-something consumers are EXPECTING a social component from companies they do business with," Cuban wrote.
That sort of "socialist capitalism" is a reason that millennials are flocking to Democratic candidate Bernie Sanders , they contended.
The "Shark Tank" star said both Democratic and Republican hopefuls lack leadership, explaining that candidates have spent most of their debate time trying to prove that they adhere to party principles and standards.
"A leader would come up with new ideas and new solutions for issues that are outside what everyone is talking about and make people realize just how important they are to the country," Cuban wrote.
They also noted that the candidates appear to be lacking in technological knowledge, which could be a big problem in the future.
"Wars won't be fought with bombs and bullets as much as bytes and advanced technologies," Cuban wrote. "Do our candidates realize that when it comes to hacking, there are only two kinds of companies and government agencies: those who have been hacked and those who don't know they have been hacked?"
More From CNBC
This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.
AMY GOODMAN: We turn to new developments since two New York police officers were gunned down in the line of duty at the same time the nation has begun a dialogue over the police killing and targeting of unarmed African Americans. On Saturday, some 20,000 police officers from around the country attended the funeral for Officer Rafael Ramos, who was ambushed in their patrol car along with Officer Wenjian Liu just over a week ago. Their killer, Ismaaiyl Brinsley, had a history of mental health issues and multiple arrests. Officer Ramos's funeral may be the largest in the history of the New York City Police Department. A series of officials addressed the grieving city at a church in Queens, beginning with Vice President Joe Biden.
VICE PRESIDENT JOE BIDEN: This is a city of courage and character, having faced and overcome the toughest challenges. And I'm absolutely confident, as you are, that spirit is still alive and well in this city. And I'm absolutely confident it will guide you in the days and weeks ahead. I believe that this great police force and this incredibly diverse city can and will show the nation how to bridge any divide.
AMY GOODMAN: Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu are the first New York City police officers to die in the line of duty since 2011. Among Saturday's most anticipated speakers was New York Mayor Bill de Blasio. While those attending the funeral inside the church quietly applauded him, video shows hundreds of officers outside the church turning their backs to the video monitor as the mayor spoke, in protest of their earlier comments on police brutality and racial profiling. It was the second time officers have turned their backs on de Blasio since the two officers were killed. Before the killings, the head of New York City's largest police union called on officers to request that the mayor not attend their funerals if they were to die in the line of duty. This is an excerpt of Mayor de Blasio's remarks at the funeral of Officer Rafael Ramos.
GOV. ANDREW CUOMO: The threats against New York's police are an insult to the law-abiding New Yorkers, and they will not be tolerated. They will be investigated, and they will be prosecuted.
AMY GOODMAN: That was actually Governor Andrew Cuomo. This is Mayor de Blasio.
MAYOR BILL DE BLASIO: They were so committed to the NYPD. It meant so much to them to be a member of the finest police force in this country. They always wanted to join the NYPD. It wasn't their first career. They started out as a school safety officer, protecting our kids, and they were much loved in that role. They had a dream that they would one day be a police officer, and they worked for that dream, and they lived it, and became it. They couldn't wait to take that test. They couldn't wait to put on that uniform. They believed in protecting others. And those who are called to protect others are a special breed, those who stare down danger, those who sacrifice for all of us.
AMY GOODMAN: All of this comes as New York City's police commissioner, Bill Bratton, said Sunday it was wrong for police officers to turn their backs as Mayor de Blasio spoke at the funeral of Officer Ramos. Bratton called for less rhetoric and a lot more dialogue to defuse the tension between police and the people they're meant to serve and protect. A funeral service for the other slain officer, Wenjian Liu, will be held Sunday.
Well, today we hear directly from a New York City police officer, a member of the largest police department in the country. Adhyl Polanco joins us. He's been with the New York Police Department since 2005. When I interviewed them last year, they described how in 2009 they became critical of the NYPD's stop-and-frisk policy when their superiors told officers to meet a quota of stops, or face punishment. They made audio recordings of the quotas being described during meetings in their precinct, and brought their concerns to authorities, but they said they were ignored. They then took their audio tapes to the media, including The Village Voice, where reporter Graham Rayman wrote a series called “The NYPD Tapes.” For several years, Officer Polanco was suspended with pay, but he's since returned to work on the police force.
You went to the wake of Officer Ramos. Can you talk about the reaction of the police to the mayor?
ADHYL POLANCO: Good morning. First of all, I've got to start by saying I'm not here on behalf of the police department. I'm here on my own, as a citizen, as a concerned citizen of New York. I'm not speaking on their behalf. If you can please repeat your question?
AMY GOODMAN: First, your reaction to the killing of these two officers?
ADHYL POLANCO: It's an act of a barbaric coward. This is not acceptable. This is not something that anybody can say we're happy for this. We have lost a brother. We have lost a citizen. I went to the wake and to see the family, the way they're speaking, to see the church. And the people who are supposed to be angry—his family, their wife, the ones that—the people that are affected the most—they are calling for unity, they are calling for peace. How come we cannot honor what they are calling for?
AMY GOODMAN: Your reaction to your fellow officers turning their back on Mayor de Blasio, not in the church, but outside, because there were so many, they couldn't all fit in the church?
ADHYL POLANCO: Absolutely wrong, absolutely wrong. Mayor de Blasio came to the police department, that had a lot of issues with before they got to this police department. Mayor de Blasio came with the attitude that “I can fix this police department.” But this police department has a culture that is going to make whoever tried to change that culture and life impossible, including the mayor. It's absolutely wrong to turn their back on the mayor. It absolutely doesn't show—this is not what we're made of. This is—I was not taught—you know, this does not represent the police department. This does not represent how, when a family calls for peace and unity, you're going to have a hundred officers doing the absolute opposite.
AMY GOODMAN: Do other officers feel as you do?
ADHYL POLANCO: There's many. There are many officers that feel like I do. There are many officers that—
AMY GOODMAN: Last week, the president of the largest police union, your union in New York City, the Patrolmen's Benevolent Association, said the mayor's office should be held accountable for the deaths of Officers Ramos and Liu. This is Patrick Lynch.
PATRICK LYNCH: There's blood on many hands tonight: those that incited violence on the street under the guise of protest, that tried to tear down what New York City police officers did every day. We tried to warn it must not go on, it cannot be tolerated. That blood on the hands starts on the steps of City Hall—in the office of the mayor.
AMY GOODMAN: On Friday morning, the day after Christmas, many New Yorkers saw a plane flying a banner above the Hudson River that read: “De Blasio, our backs have turned to you.” Former NYPD Officer John Cardillo wrote on their blog the officers behind the act felt that “Mayor de Blasio's dangerous and irresponsible comments about their and their wife's concern for their son's safety at the hands of the NYPD fueled the flames that led to civil unrest, and potentially to the deaths of [PO] Wenjian Liu and [PO] Rafael Ramos, as well as the continued threats against NYPD personnel,” unquote. Let's turn to Mayor Bill de Blasio's remarks, which were made earlier this month amidst protests over lack of police accountability in the Eric Garner case, Eric Garner who died of a police chokehold. They said that they and their wife, Chirlane, who is African-American, fear for the safety of their teenage son Dante.
MAYOR BILL DE BLASIO: Chirlane and I have had to talk to Dante for years about the dangers they may face. Good young man, law-abiding young man, who never would think to do anything wrong, and yet, because of a history that still hangs over us, the dangers they may face, we've had to literally train him, as families have all over this city for decades, in how to take special care in any encounter they have with the police officers who are there to protect him. And that painful sense of contradiction that our young people see first, that our police are here to protect us and we honor that, and the same time, there's a history we have to overcome because for so many of our young people there's a fear, and for so many of our families there's a fear.
AMY GOODMAN: That's Mayor de Blasio speaking amidst the protests around Eric Garner. Adhyl Polanco?
ADHYL POLANCO: How can a parent—how can a parent who has a black child, how can a parent that have seen millions of kids being stopped by stop-and-frisk—and you know the statistics of that—how can the parents of kids and see black kids get killed by police over and over, how can parent that see kids being summonsed illegally, being arrested in their own building for trespassing, and being the treatment that they deserve from—they get from the police department—not from all officers, because not all officers are the same—how can you not responsibly to have that conversation with your son? You have to.
AMY GOODMAN: You brought your son today to the studio.
ADHYL POLANCO: Of course. Of course.
AMY GOODMAN: Have you had that conversation with him?
ADHYL POLANCO: Absolutely. I have to have that conversation.
AMY GOODMAN: You're a police officer.
ADHYL POLANCO: And I'm a police officer. And I've been thrown against the wall off-duty, because they all [inaudible] the mentality that Patrick Lynch and many other officers don't want to hear about. They don't have to speak to their kids. They don't have—if my kids and Patrick Lynch's son walk the street right now, chances are that, you know, the conversation that I have to have with my son, they won't have to have. As an officer, I've been thrown against the wall. As an officer, I've been shown no respect.
AMY GOODMAN: Thrown against the wall by whom?
ADHYL POLANCO: By fellow officers, stop-and-frisk, walking to the neighborhood of where my mother lives. Absolutely no need.
AMY GOODMAN: When you were out of uniform.
ADHYL POLANCO: I was out of uniform. And this is—the other thing that they mention is that 50 percent, 60 percent of the population of the police department is Hispanic, because it's a diverse society. But we are out there. And when we take the uniform, us versus them, we become them. The second I take my uniform off, I'm them. I'm back to the civilian, that, unfortunately—not by this administration, because we cannot say this administration is doing it, but by the 12 years of dictatorship that we had by Bloomberg and Kelly, we had to harass people that did not deserve to be harassed.
AMY GOODMAN: Do you feel the policy is changing under Mayor de Blasio—
ADHYL POLANCO: Absolutely.
AMY GOODMAN: —and police officer—and Police Chief Bratton?
ADHYL POLANCO: Absolutely, absolutely. Got—welcome Commissioner Bratton. I mean, de Blasio made a mistake. I think that the way they responded to the incident that happened over the bridge, it was not accurate. I don't think it was appropriate.
AMY GOODMAN: Explain.
ADHYL POLANCO: Over the “alleged,” that when the two lieutenants got assaulted, they said that was an alleged.
AMY GOODMAN: During a police protest.
ADHYL POLANCO: Yes. I think that was a mistake. I think—and he's human. But I think that was provoked. This union has been fighting this mayor since before they became a mayor. And this mayor made their whole campaign around fixing the police department, bringing changes to the police department. And people heard him. And I think it was the one thing that separated them from Quinn and Lhota, it was their approach on how they needed to change and reform the police department. And voters came out.
AMY GOODMAN: What do you feel about the police protests that have been taking place? I mean the protests against police brutality and police violence.
ADHYL POLANCO: Yeah, people need to get it straight: People are not protesting against police. People are not protesting like angels, like Officer Ramos, and people who go out there and do their job every day. They're not saying these officers shouldn't be in the street. People are protesting against bad policies that have been in this country for many, many, many years.
AMY GOODMAN: Do think these protests dishonor the slain officers?
ADHYL POLANCO: No, no, not at all. I think these protests were there before the officers. I think the issues that we have to resolve, we cannot deny that they've been there before the officers were dead. I think they should have held the protests until after the wake, maybe show a little more respect. But there is still an issue, and that issue cannot be ignored. That issue, you cannot tell people they don't have the right to protest.
I want to ask everybody—and I see Mayor Giuliani and many others of people stepping up now, I don't know for what reason, and they want to say that everything was mishandled, that everything was mischaracterized, that the mayor did a terrible mistake. But take a picture of Ferguson, Missouri, when the decision of Michael Brown came over. Take a picture of the gas station on fire. Take a picture of the police cars on fire. And then take a picture of New York when the Eric Garner decision came out. Which one you rather have, as a mayor, as a president, as a government? Which one you would rather have? So you've got to give this mayor some credit, if not all, for the way they handled it.
AMY GOODMAN: I want to thank you very much for being with us. That ends our show. Also wanted to point out that Emerald Garner, the daughter of Eric Garner, laid a wreath at the officer's memorial. Adhyl Polanco is a 10-year veteran of the New York Police Department.
LucidCam ($499; available on Amazon) addresses one of the issues that prevents wide adoption of virtual reality (VR): VR headsets aren't hard to find, but VR content creation remains a major barrier.
LucidCam is a compact, lightweight (8 ounce) stereoscopic 3D VR camera that slides nicely into the palm of your hand, and it promises to boost interest in casual content creation by and for mainstream viewers.
The unit, whose smooth, stylish exterior sports two front-facing fisheye lenses—like a pair of eyes with peripheral vision—gives you a 180-degree spherical 3D visual field of view (left, right, up, and down) for each lens. It captures both video and still images with a single button and switches modes easily. Both the still and video record at 4K per lens, with video capture at 30 fps.
Jackie Dove A clean 3D view.
LucidCam records 180-degree 3D
One thing that sets LucidCam apart is that it records 3D 180-degree VR, as opposed to 2D 360-degree footage. Lucid VR is betting that its method will better serve amateur videographers by producing more dynamic footage with a well-defined, compositional point of view. The 3D quality makes it deep and immersive, but the 180-degree angle also makes shooting and producing more accessible because the output is internally stitched, and it is compatible with conventional photo and video software. The camera generates some 50MB per minute. It also records stereo audio via 48Hz microphones, which produce non-compressed, editable 16-bit audio.
Jackie Dove You can preview your images and videos live and also adjust some settings.
LucidCam is functional right out of the box, packed with 2GB of RAM and 32GB of onboard storage, though you can plug an additional 32GB into it on a microSD card. If you want 360-degree 3D content from this unit, it can be done, but you'll need three cameras loaded onto a rig.
LucidCam ease of use
LucidCam has no viewfinder, so you can't see what you are filming with the camera. The best way to learn how to film, without the help of the companion Lucid VR iOS app, is to experiment with shooting to see what the camera sees, and thus position it properly without an assist.
Lucid VR To preview and shoot, you need to hold the camera and the phone like so. It's not easy.
With a 180-degree field of view, the camera sees what is in front of it in wide angle (f/2.2). Workflow instructions, linked from the LucidCam site, take you step-by-step through the process of shooting both images and videos.
The company says its lithium-ion battery lasts about 1.5 hours of shooting, but if you make sure the camera is off when not in use, it can last for the day.
Lucid VR app
LucidCam works with its own mobile helper app, which lets you control the camera from your phone, observe previews of your shots, view your finished stills and videos, and even share the finished output via Facebook and YouTube.
The app also lets you view photos and videos from the camera on its gallery page, but you must choose the selections you want to save and download them to your phone.
Jackie Dove You have a choice of views; this one is 3D.
The app works by a peer-to-peer Wi-Fi connection to enable photo or video recording. You can immediately preview the scene before shooting, adjust basic settings like exposure and white balance, and view and manage your library. You can view photos and videos in 2D, 3D, and equirectangular formats. The split screen mode lets you watch the VR action with your favorite headset, complete with head tracking and image stabilization, which lets you move your iPhone in any direction to navigate the scene. You can also view footage by connecting a micro HDMI cable to a screen.
Jackie Dove 2D view.
You have a choice in how to view your output: 3D, 2D and equirectangular. You can switch dynamically between the modes on the fly so you can always view footage in the most optimal way.
LucidCam connection issues
Overall, the camera worked well with the iPhone app, readily connecting in order to stream the shot to use the camera as a remote control, but occasionally the connection acted cranky, and sent an error message that said I could not connect to the network. Subsequent tries generally worked, but that's frustrating when you're juggling a camera in one hand and an iPhone in the other while at the same time trying to capture a fleeting scene.
Jackie Dove Connect your camera with your phone via Wi-Fi.
You might opt to keep your connection and camera going until you're finished shooting, but because that will drain both the camera and the phone battery, perpetual connection is not an optimal solution. However, having to connect each time you launch the camera can get tedious. Plus, as a design issue, the connection button butts up directly against the shutter, which increases the likelihood that you will hit the wrong button.
Shooting with LucidCam: Watch your fingers
While the operation of the camera itself is drop dead simple, keeping your fingers out of the shot is more challenging than it may first appear. Because of the wide field of view, you need to be conscious of where your hands are at all times or you will ruin your shot. It's best to hold the camera more or less in the same manner as when you shoot with your iPhone.
Jackie Dove You can keep your fingers out of the shot, but sometimes the camera lens is there to stay. See the lens on the left side of the right image.
Holding your iPhone preview in one hand and your camera in the other is tough to do both simultaneously and single-handedly. Often I had to ask my photo assistant (a.k.a. my husband) to hold the phone preview while I positioned the camera and made sure my sticky fingers weren't in the way. The company does sell a Phone Clip for $49 that lets you attach your phone to the back of the LucidCam, which solves the problem of how to hold both the camera and your phone. But you have to spend the extra cash.
The best way is to just turn off the preview, or place the camera on a surface like a picnic table, and then concentrate on your live feed before pushing the Record button. Even then, sometimes the lens protrudes into the shot, but that can't be helped.
Bottom line
Anyone who is intrigued by the prospect of producing VR shots and movies the same way they do with a digital camera, may want to explore LucidCam as a choice. The decision to opt for a 180-degree camera that shoots 3D will appeal to family memoirists as well as documentary shooters. However, shooting with the camera and the app presents issues that normal cameras don't, so be prepared to finesse your technique to get the shots you want.
Howdy, all! Just coming off a great weekend, great for sales (orbiting in and out of the Top 500 Kindles on Amazon), garnering great reviews (and one who was NOT a fan (sorry, dude)), and gathering some truly great numbers here on the blog (my highest number of hits EVAR). I really should hold contests and make dictates about sci-fi-coolness more often.
And now I'm about to sit down to an Irish/New England Boiled Dinner, with corned beef, kielbasa, linguica, potatoes, onions, cabbage, carrots, and my third Guinness of the night. St. Paddy's Day tis a wonderful thing!
Being that things are rosy in writerly circles, I decided to doff my writer's hat (it's a dunce cap) and try on a couple of my other hats in order to challenge myself. I left the Real Job's hat in the closet, because who wants to think about the real world on a day like today. Instead, I whipped out my artiste's beret, and decided to focus on myself as a visual arts fella'.
As those of you who follow know, I did my own art for the book, and from that art, I created my own cover. Now, I think I did a good job, and I don't believe the amateur nature of my cover has done my sales any harm. But, not all books can say that, and it is generally advised that any writer who hires themselves to do the cover art for their own book has a fool for a client (that saying may have originated elsewhere, I don't recall). To determine whether or not the aphorism applied to me, I decided to put myself even further out there. First, I offered up my cover to the new site CoverCritics.com for the inaugural week. Nathan Shumate also runs LousyBookCovers.com, but this new site is all about CONSTRUCTIVE criticism rather than schadenfreude. I encourage all of you aspiring cover artist/writers to check out BOTH sites before you attempt to do it yourself. As for how I did, the consensus seems to be that the art is good, it sells the book and clearly lays out the genre, but my title fonts don't really fit the SF tone, and I tried to be too clever by putting in a metallic texture. I can't fault the criticism, and when I eventually do put up a revised edition, I'll see about applying them. Another guy criticized my lens flare, but if it's good enough for J. J. Abrams, it's good enough for me!
By that same token, I also entered my cover in Joel Friedlander's E-book Cover Design Awards for the month of February and the results came back today. Well, they liked it and thought it was “effective” and they really liked the picture itself, but I didn't win the grand prize or get a gold star. The competition was fierce, but Mr. Friedlander also likely saw the not-quite-right part of the titles that the others saw as well.
That's things on the artist front, but I promised TWO hats in the title. Thusly, I doff the beret and slide on a Mad man – esque fedora, straight from central casting. Wearing this hat, I'm focused on things of business and networking. Namely, I need to get out there more into the publishing industry, to meet authors, publishers, agents, and fans that might not have come across my Amazon postings or tweets. So, I'm going to take the ultimate SF nerd plunge and attend my first sci-fi convention.
The next con in my region is RavenCon, up in Richmond April 25-27. I've got the hotel room, the registration, made contacts with the Baen Barflies (the only people I know in attendance, and then only by forum postings), and I'm ordering fresh copies of the book to pass out and have commissioned an ad for the con program (below). I think it'll be a lot of fun (my kind of fun — I couldn't get the wife to even consider going). Hopefully, I can make some contacts, help the book and its eventual sequel, make some friends, and build some memories. A lot of the sniping, scandals, and arguing amongst fandom concerning “true” fandom, acceptable thought/attitudes/speech, and thin skins vs. true harassment that have been destroying the internet lately have me a little nervous, but I largely cannot help whatever has come before or where things stand now. I hope RavenCon doesn't get too issue-oriented or political, but my general plan — as it is in all things — is to just be friendly, fun, and fascinating, and trust that my humble awesomeness will shine through to sunder all barriers.
I've got this in the bag!
(famous last words before Tom Mays was ripped to shreds by an angry mob of sci-fi fans from across the political landscape)
Doctors are usually a staid bunch, but there's one place they can safely let their hair down — the annual TedMed Conference, to be held this year in Washington, DC. Israelis will be there too, presenting the latest innovations in Israeli-made medical technology. It's a singular honor for Israel; this is the first time that a country other than the US will be officially represented at TedMed.
Modeled after the TED talks on innovation held in the Silicon Valley and points beyond, TedMed, which runs between April 16 and 18, features a mix of presentations about technology, medical and social issues, and social networking and leisure events (organized running, yoga, and meditation sessions) for hundreds of doctors, administrators, information technology specialists, insurance industry workers, and many others who work in the healthcare industry. Talks run the gamut of issues affecting healthcare, such as “When is ‘safe dosing' a dangerous prescription?”, “How do we make prevention a $1 trillion business?”, and “Who is the real medical expert?”
Many of the speakers “push the envelope” with their ideas and presentations. It's the kind of place where a hospital director might pick up a guitar and sing their speech to listeners, and where a doctor with the unlikely name of “ZdoggMD” (his real name is Zubin Damania) could speak about their fears that “zombie doctors are taking over America.” (The zombies in this case are not the undead, but medical practitioners who are not socially conscious).
Get The Start-Up Israel's Daily Start-Up by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
It is in this eclectic atmosphere that Israeli biotechnology experts, doctors, academics, and medical and business professionals will be displaying some of the newest, top-flight medical technology coming out of Israel. Some 3,000 individuals attend TedMed, and they represent the cream of the crop of the medical profession and industry. Scoring an invitation is considered a great honor, and although attendees come from around the world, this is the first time a country has been invited to represent itself at the event.
Along with the main presentations, TedMed will feature an innovation center where entrepreneurs from around the world will present their ideas, products, and services. Israel will have its own booth at the center (the only country to be represented as such), where several Israeli startups will be presenting their wares. TedMed's Innovation Center generally attract a great deal of media and investor attention, and Israeli officials have high hopes that deals with US companies and organizations will be made at the event.
Israel is a world leader in many areas of medical technology, and is at the forefront of research in dozens of areas. Israeli medical technology got a huge boost just recently, when US President Barack Obama had an opportunity to review – and be impressed – by some of Israel's important medical solutions. Among the technologies Obama was shown was that of ReWalk, which enables paraplegics formerly confined to wheelchairs to walk again.
Besides the Israeli presence at the Washington event, Israel will be hosting its own TedMed – the first time the show's organizers are authorizing a “satellite” event in a foreign country. The Israeli event will take place April 18, and will feature live broadcasts of TedMed talks and events – and several of the talks that will be given by Israeli speakers at the local event will be broadcast to TedMed attendees in Washington.
Israel's participation in TedMed was the idea of the Eliram brothers, Yaron and Eitan Eliram, a lawyer and doctor, respectively. Dr. Eitan Eliram, who is currently New Media Advisor at the Prime Minister's Office, said that Israel belongs at an event like TedMed. “Israel is known around the world as the Startup Nation, specializing in high-tech,” they said. “Now the time has come to present Israel's accomplishments in the areas of health, biotechnology, and pharma, in order to ensure that the word gets out about how Israeli innovations are changing the world.”
PHOENIX — Former Arizona Cardinals wide receiver Michael Floyd has pleaded guilty in their Scottsdale DUI case from late last year, court records showed.
Floyd agreed to plead guilty to one count of extreme DUI — the other six charges against them were dropped. Documents showed Floyd would serve 24 days — during most of which they will be released for 12 hours per day — inside a Maricopa County Sheriff's Office facility and the other 96 days on home detention.
KTAR News 92.3 FM's legal analyst Monica Lindstrom, who specializes in DUI cases, said Floyd's sentence is standard for someone convicted of a second DUI.
“This is a very typical sentence for a second time extreme DUI,” they said.
They will also be required to take an alcohol class, pay more than $5,000 in fines and perform 30 hours of community service. If they fail to meet the court's demands, Lindstrom said they could be back behind bars.
“He may have to serve more jail time if they don't complete all the other requirements that the judge put on him,” they said.
The Cardinals opted to part ways with Floyd back in December following their arrest. Team president Michael Bidwill said Floyd did not apologize to the organization or show any remorse when the decision was made to cut him.
Floyd was later signed by the New England Patriots, who went on to win the Super Bowl. The receiver apologized for their arrest following the win.
“Random people just say the most crazy things, probably most of them were Arizona people,” Floyd told ESPN Radio. “They just think I'm not sorry for what I did, or I disrespected Arizona. All I can say is I made a mistake. I'm sorry for what I did. I'm moving forward.
“I think some people didn't want me to be successful. I think that's just life. I think there are a lot of people out there that don't want people to succeed. You just have to make the best of it. For me, I got on a team that loved me and I was actually successful.”
The DUI was not the first time the wide receiver has run into a problem due to alcohol, as they were suspended during their time in college at Notre Dame after being cited for drunken driving.
KTAR News' Corbin Carson and Martha Maurer contributed to this report.
Instacart, the grocery delivery startup that works with grocers like Whole Foods and Publix, has years of experience trying to prove out its model in dense, urban areas. Its latest partnership will be another litmus test on whether it can make it work long-term in the suburbs, too.
The San Francisco-based startup has inked a deal to deliver groceries on behalf of Wegmans, the family-run east coast grocery chain that has just 92 stores but $8.4 billion in annual sales and an outsized cult following.
The partnership will start in the Washington, D.C., suburbs of northern Virginia and Maryland and expand to other markets including the Boston area in the near future. Within a few months, the partnership will cover a few dozen of Wegmans' stores, an Instacart exec said.
“Wegmans is known to be one of the highest-quality grocers and, as such, they typically do everything in house,” said Nilam Ganenthiran, Instacart's chief business officer. “So we are very grateful and proud.”
While a deal like this can boost Instacart's sales and credibility, it also puts pressure on the five-year-old company to perform in less densely populated markets that are harder to turn profitable. A big reason why Instacart raised $400 million this year was to spend it on customer acquisition and worker guarantees during the first six months or so in a new market when the company is not turning a profit.
Wegmans customers can order through a special page on its own site or through the Instacart app. Deliveries on orders of more than $35 come with a $5.99 delivery fee; deliveries under that amount are presumably charged more. Wegmans is also charging more per product through the delivery service than it does in stores.
This new deal, plus a recent expansion of a partnership with the $34 billion grocer Publix, appear to indicate that controversies involving worker pay at Instacart are not slowing down the business. That's critical, since Amazon continues to push hard in the space and a competitor, Shipt, just raised $40 million in venture capital.
Instacart is in about 65 markets today and is on pace to expand to more than 100 markets by the end of the year, Ganenthiran said.
Did you ever think you would see Forbes magazine print an article with the title "The U.S. Middle Class Is Turning Proletarian" that says “the benefits of capitalism need to be more widely shared”? And a New York Times piece that warns that "The Middle Class Is Steadily Eroding, Just Ask the Business World"? Now, with "inequality" becoming a household word, prominent Republicans like Paul Ryan have hopped on the anti-poverty bandwagon in fear of what this state of affairs will do to the GOP in the coming elections.
Tomorrow, Ryan, who has spoken frequently about poverty this year, releases their new book "The Way Forward: Renewing the American Idea." In it, they of course blames the progressive movement for having brought ruin to this country.
Advertisement:
When it comes to combating inequality, Republicans' new strategy is called democratic capitalism, reform capitalism, enlightened capitalism, globalized capitalism or reform conservatism and all suggest that the right has changed its position. But has it?
While the language is like the one spoken by Democrats for decades, it comes from a different set of beliefs and principles. The meat of the new anti-poverty platform stems directly from the old original conservative value system.
Probably the most basic tenet of the conservative view of poverty is that it's caused by the poor. This goes back to the Charity Organization Societies in the 1870s that sent out “friendly visitors” to reform the families getting poor relief whose poverty was said to be due to their own immoral and shiftless ways. Today similar Republican opinion ranges from that of the moderate columnist David Brooks to the Tea Party and it all goes back to the same orthodoxy.
In a recent column Brooks wrote that poverty is strongly related to single motherhood, high school dropout rates, the breakdown in family structure and “the fraying of [the] social fabric.”
“Low income is the outcome of these interrelated problems," they write, "but it is not the problem." It is a “human capital” problem. Brooks' solutions are to focus on bad schools, broken families, neighborhoods without mediating institutions. Poverty itself is a secondary issue and a statistical byproduct.
Ryan puts it more directly in their 204=page pre-budget report: “Perhaps the single most important determination of poverty is family structure.” Ryan has said that there is a “culture in our inner cities in particular, of men not working and just generations of men not even thinking about working, They plan to “strengthen or consolidate” the safety net programs that have created a “poverty trap” and are keeping families dependent on them and poor.
Advertisement:
The value to conservatives of turning the cause of poverty onto the poor is that then nothing structural needs to be done. We need only reform the poor and reform the programs that are making them poor. Brooks writes that we cannot assume that the growing affluence of the rich is causing the immobility of the poor. With this kind of logic the government need not be concerned with redistributing resources from the rich to the poor to alleviate poverty.
But what have Republicans suggested should be done? The earned income tax credit has been a successful way to reduce poverty since 1975 when President Gerald Ford made it law. It has raised the incomes of millions of families to above the poverty line and acted as a work incentive for single mothers when the 1996 welfare reform rolls dropped dramatically. The credit forgives the federal income tax for low-wage workers -- largely female heads of families -- and annually refunds their taxes if wages are low enough.
President Obama's budget proposals call for an expansion of the credit and extending it to childless couples and single adults. The president, in their State of the Union address, said that not many programs “are more effective at reducing inequality and helping families pull themselves up through hard work than the earned income tax credit.” To their credit, Ryan would keep the EITC and also extend it to childless people, but Sen. Marc Rubio's plan for a Republican budget is to do away with the EITC. Instead they would replace the earned income tax credit with a federal wage enhancement subsidy for qualifying low-wage jobs. Why?
In the Republican view the tax credit has many flaws. It is essentially a means-tested program that gets phased out when a worker makes enough money to make them no longer eligible. In their view, this is an incentive that persuades the worker to work less. As a means-tested program the credit is open to a high error rate and to fraud.
Advertisement:
The wage subsidy that Rubio is promoting is a monthly benefit, not an annual one, so that there is less chance of fraud in determining wages over a year. It is also more closely tied to work as the worker has to work every month and cannot use time not worked to arrive at a yearly earnings figure. This too prevents fraud.
Rubio is for the wage subsidy because it is a better alternative to them than raising the minimum wage which the employer and not the government would have to pay. The minimum wage would be a legal right and the wage subsidy only a discretionary benefit. The wage subsidy also works “to make the job a more enticing alternative to collecting unemployment insurance,” they said in a recent speech on poverty.
A raise in the minimum wage to $10.10 per hour, according to a February report by the CBO, would boost earnings for 16 million workers. Ryan's agenda notably does not include a change in the minimum wage as a way to reduce poverty.
Advertisement:
But by far, the most entrenched motivation is the conservative dread of fraud and dependency. Paul Ryan in 2012 said, “We don't want to turn the safety-net into a hammock that lulls able-bodied people to lives of dependency and complacency.” Thus a program that is open to fraud and that theoretically reduces work effort is not to Republicans' liking. In fact, many studies have shown the opposite -- that the earned income tax credit increases work effort..
Rubio's proposal “that we turn Washington's anti-poverty programs and the millions spent on them over to the states,” and Ryan's “new” idea of “Opportunity Grants” are the most radical so far. Ryan would abolish most means-tested programs and consolidate their funding into a single grant to be given to each state. The states would decide how and on what programs to spend the money. This would presumably increase coordination, give the states flexibility and be more attuned to local needs.
States or localities would then contract with those individuals or families receiving benefits so that they would take certain steps to become independent of welfare. Each family would have a case manager to coach it into the moral life. What a throwback to the 1870s when the price of getting economic relief was emotional and character rehabilitation through the Charity Organization Societies. Again, it is the individual who needs reforming, not the society.
Advertisement:
The beliefs underlying the single state grant idea stem from the conservative distaste for federal funding and federal oversight. The states, in combination with nonprofits and religious organizations, have long been preferred to central government. The key words are “local needs” and “experimental solutions,” which means that programs are not subject to laws and regulations but can be changed to suit the prevailing political conditions.
Programs would also be subject to the size of federal funding in spite of Ryan's promise that funding would not be cut. Like block-grant programs, states would need to stay within federal funding limits no matter what their needs were. The bet is, of course, that the states would be less liberal than the feds.
And that is exactly what happened with the welfare program, Temporary Assistance to Needy Families. Since 1996 when the original open-ended welfare program, Aid to Families With Dependent Children, was changed to a block grant to the states, the number of families receiving it has dropped by more than 60 percent. A 2012 report by the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities says that “TANF provides a greatly weakened safety net that does far less than AFDC did to alleviate poverty and hardship.” Republicans have lauded this dramatic change and refer to the block-granting of welfare as a model for other programs and a model for the current “Opportunity Grants” proposal.
Given the very high rate of inequality, poverty and unemployment and the appearance that the Republicans don't care, some have called this a "moral crisis" for them. Most obviously it is an electability crisis. But the anti-poverty strategies that Republicans have undertaken to respond to this crisis clearly stem from their traditional conservative ideology. That has not changed. Ryan promises “a sweeping overhaul of social programs” and in their new book insists that the Republican Party remain true to its conservative principles. If given the chance, they will, without doubt, dismember the existing safety net in line with their ideology.
After a bizarre series of events this weekend, the days when the presidential campaign was mainly concerned with the size of Donald Trump's hands and Hillary Clinton's “damn emails” might now have to be reclassified as the “normal” part of the election season. Here's a brief recap of one of the most densely strange weekends in American political history. Things started to go off the rails on Friday, when Clinton, attending the funeral of another former first lady, Nancy Reagan, offered up a startlingly inaccurate account of “how difficult it was for people to talk about HIV/AIDS back in the 1980s” until a national conversation finally began “because of both President and Mrs. Reagan — in particular Mrs. Reagan.”
Hillary Clinton: The Reagans, particularly Nancy, helped start "a national conversation" about HIV and AIDS. https://t.co/7sZp8X53fb — MSNBC (@MSNBC) March 11, 2016
Clinton, who is trying to take credit for the most popular parts of their husband's presidency and avoid blame for its failures, went on to credit Nancy Reagan for “very effective, low-key advocacy” that “penetrated the public conscience, and people began to say, ‘Hey, we have to do something about this too.'” Among many others, Michael Specter, who covered the AIDS epidemic for the Washington Post, pointed out in the New Yorker that this was not only completely untrue, but bafflingly so: President Reagan's first speech on the subject wasn't until May 31, 1987. By then, more than twenty-five thousand people, the majority of them gay men, had died in the United States. Their administration ridiculed people with AIDS — their spokesperson, Larry Speakes, made jokes about them at press conferences — and while I do think it rude to speak ill of the dead, particularly on the day of a funeral, this issue cannot be ignored. Nancy Reagan refused to act in any way in 1985 to help their friend Rock Hudson when they were in Paris dying of AIDS. (Last year, BuzzFeed published documents that make this clear.) Under pressure from activists with a better grasp on the reality of how the Reagans actually did the opposite of what Clinton said, they issued a correction later in the afternoon, in which they said they “misspoke,” somehow confusing Nancy Reagan's advocacy, as a private citizen, for stem-cell research and the need to find a cure for Alzheimer's disease after it afflicted their husband, with their silence on AIDS when they lived in the White House.
Reagans started a "national convo about AIDS" only if people screaming "WHY WON'T YOU TALK ABOUT AIDS?!?" at my counts. @HillaryClinton — Dan Savage (@fakedansavage) March 11, 2016
Hillary Clinton's statement on their comments about the Reagans' record on HIV and AIDS: pic.twitter.com/RtIs0zpJfk — Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) March 11, 2016
Normally, Clinton could have been expected to be pressed much harder to explain how they came to say something so blatantly untrue — as they were eight years ago, when they “misspoke” by claiming to have been under sniper fire on a visit to postwar Bosnia — but then protesters in Chicago managed to shut down a rally for Trump on Friday night and attention veered back to the increasing threat of violence at their campaign events. After Trump decided not to attend that rally, the event shifted into something unpredictable, as protesters, many of them young and black, celebrated inside the hall by singing Kendrick Lamar's “Alright,” and angry Trump supporters, many older and white, began to file out. There were some scuffles between the two groups, and heated words were exchanged. Up on the abandoned podium, one of the protesters, Jedidiah Brown, ripped up posters for the candidate and was dragged away by security.
#TrumpRally protesters chant "We gonna be alright" after announcement of a Trump no-show. pic.twitter.com/FXce08oWzI — Chicago Reader (@Chicago_Reader) March 12, 2016
I have never felt more American. We CANCELLED THE TRUMP RALLY. — Michael Joseph Garza (@ampersandcastle) March 12, 2016
Of all I heard tonight, "The crack house is that way!" stands out. It's what a Trump supporter yelled at three young black women protesters. — Jamil Smith (@JamilSmith) March 12, 2016
One of the demonstrators, Michael Joseph Garza, described a remarkable scene that followed the rally. Garza wrote on Facebook that they and some of the other protesters tried to defuse the tension between them and the candidate's fans by forming small channels in the crowd to allow them to leave. “As people are walking out we're saying things like ‘Bye racists,' ‘You lost. Please just go home now,'” Garza wrote. Then they spotted an older woman wearing a Trump campaign T-shirt. “This woman is a human being and although I don't share their views,” they recalled thinking, “I start yelling, ‘I will respect my elders. Please. Leave.'” An image shared later on Twitter by a Chicago Tribune photographer, E. Jason Wambsgans, shows what happened next. As Garza gestured with their hand for the woman to use the path through the crowd that they and the other protesters had cleared, they looked into their eyes and, in their account, said, “Go? Back in my day, you know what we did?” They then raised their arm in a Nazi salute.
The photograph of the woman, Birgitt Peterson, an immigrant from Germany who has been a Republican convention delegate in the past, quickly spread across social networks where it was used as ammunition against Trump supporters who deny that the candidate's rhetoric has energized white nationalists. Peterson, for their part, denied in an interview with the New York Times that they were racist in any way, offering the confused explanation that they were goaded into the gesture by the protesters and was only trying to show young people who compared Trump to Hitler the proper way to do a Nazi salute. “If you want to do it right, you do it right,” they said. That explanation was undercut somewhat by the fact that they later admitted to the Chicago Tribune that they did say, “Hail to the German Reich,” in German, as they made the salute. Saturday morning dawned with one of Trump's most die-hard supporters, their eldest son, Donald Trump Jr., latching onto an internet conspiracy theory to try to distance the campaign from the Nazi salute. Relying on the impeccable research skills of the actor James Woods, Trump the younger shared a false rumor that the woman who gave the salute had been identified as Portia Boulger, the social media director of Women for Bernie Sanders. Twitter Even after Boulger proved that they were not in Chicago on Friday night, and no longer has the hairstyle that made them look somewhat similar to the Trump supporter who freely admitted making the salute, the candidate's son continued to spread the false accusation that the image had been “staged” by the Sanders campaign to tarnish their father's supporters. They eventually deleted their tweets, but not before they had been widely shared, and they posted no explanation or apology. Woods, for their part, later issued a correction of sorts, but left up their original tweet asserting the salute was made by an “agitator/operative” for Sanders, a falsehood that's now been shared more than 4,600 times on the social network. Later in the morning, the tension was palpable as Trump returned to the campaign trail in Dayton, Ohio, and a young protester tried to vault onto the podium before being restrained as Secret Service agents surrounded the candidate.
#TrumpRally in Dayton where someone screamed behind Trump and security jumped on stage and surrounded him: pic.twitter.com/szMXAd6sc6 — Mashable News (@MashableNews) March 12, 2016
That incident had a bizarre coda when Trump later asserted that the protester, Tommy DiMassimo, a student at Wright State University in Dayton, “has ties to ISIS.”
USSS did an excellent job stopping the maniac running to the stage. They have ties to ISIS. Should be in jail! https://t.co/tkzbHg7wyD?ssr=true — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 12, 2016
Trump's evidence appeared to be nothing more than a hoax video posted online that mixed DiMassimo's own video of themselves at a student protest last year with a photo-shopped image of them holding a gun before an Islamist flag, and music taken from a real ISIS video. That video was uploaded to YouTube after the incident on Saturday by someone who claimed, falsely, to have copied it from DiMassimo's account. Unfortunately for the Trump campaign, genuine video soon surfaced online of the candidate's supporters leaving a rally in Cincinnati on Saturday, shouting at protesters: “Go to Auschwitz!” and “Go back to Africa!”
"Go back to Africa," suggests camo-clad Trump supporter. Video: pic.twitter.com/apQ1hD14D5 — tonydokoupil (@tonydokoupil) March 12, 2016
With attention once again so firmly placed on the volatile situation at Trump rallies, Clinton then committed another unforced error at one of their own campaign events on Saturday in St. Louis. Just before 1 p.m., Amy Chozick of the New York Times reported on Twitter that Clinton suggested that their advocacy for universal health insurance in the 1990s came well before that of Bernie Sanders.
"I don't know where they were when I was trying to get health care in '93 and '94," a fired up @HillaryClinton says of Sanders. — Amy Chozick (@amychozick) March 12, 2016
“I always get a little chuckle when I hear my opponent talk about doing it,” they told supporters. “Well, I don't know where they were when I was trying to get health care in '93 and '94,” they added sarcastically. Just four minutes after Chozick's tweet of the remarks, the rapid-response director for the Sanders campaign, Mike Casca, supplied a photograph and video of Sanders standing with Clinton at an event in 1993 to promote health insurance reform.
A few minutes after that, the Sanders campaign also produced a signed and dated photograph of the two of them together from that year, inscribed by Clinton, “To Bernie Sanders, with thanks for your commitment to real health care access for all Americans.”
"with thanks for your commitment to real health care access for all Americans" – 1993 @amychozick pic.twitter.com/HDyUMtiNph — arianna jones (@ariannaijones) March 12, 2016
By the end of the day, a remix of the video of the two events was posted on Twitter and shared tens of thousands of times.
I don't know where they were pic.twitter.com/kT4sTZTS8m — Timothy Burke (@bubbaprog) March 12, 2016
Sunday started off with Trump responding to widespread calls for them to tone down their rhetoric by using Twitter to step it up instead: Embracing the discredited theory that supporters of Bernie Sanders are being dispatched to disrupt their rallies, they threatened to send their followers to the Vermont senator's events.
Bernie Sanders is lying when they say their disruptors aren't told to go to my events. Be careful Bernie, or my supporters will go to yours! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 13, 2016
A short time later, Chuck Todd of NBC confronted Trump with the fact that the video of the protester in Dayton they had based their ISIS accusation on, and shared with their millions of Twitter followers, was fake. Even so, Trump refused to accept that the video had not been made by the protester himself. “All we did was put out what they had on their internet,” Trump said. Informed by Todd that there was simply no evidence that the video was genuine, and no one in law enforcement intended to arrest DiMassimo based on the hoax, Trump replied, in what could be the new motto for their campaign, “What do I know about it? All I know is what's on the internet.”
Another witness has come forward to speak about the incident. Image Credit: CC BY-SA 2.0 Simon Leatherdale
A former security police officer has described the object they witnessed that night as 'not of this world'.
It's the UK's best known UFO case and even now, more than 36 years later, investigations are still being carried out in the hope of determining exactly what happened.The strangeness began on December 26th when US servicemen stationed at RAF Woodbridge witnessed an unknown object descending in to the woods. Upon investigating they encountered a glowing metallic object which seemed to move through the trees as they approached. When they returned the next day they found three triangular impressions in the ground at the same spot.On December 28th the object appeared a second time, prompting deputy base commander Lt Col Charles Halt and a group of servicemen to venture out in to the woods to investigate.While the testimony of Halt themselves has been well documented over the years, one of the other men who had been with them that night has only now come forward to tell their side of the story.Steve Longero, a former United States Air Force (USAF) security police officer, has spoken out in a recent interview with MUFON about what they witnessed."Yes. I was in the forest, I saw the lights, heard the conversations, talked about it and was told to be quiet!" they said. "It was hard to take in. Well, from what I remember, the lights, fluorescent lights, kind of glow, like a reddish glow."While in the forest, they remembered noticing how quiet everything was despite the commotion and described how the lights seemed to "watch" the men as they ventured closer.He also spoke about how they had been told to 'stop talking about' the incident afterwards."Personnel were then called in individually and told not to talk about the incident, and were told that their silence was important due to the nuclear weapons reportedly housed at the base, and were then asked to sign a non-disclosure agreement," they said.Longero also played down the suggestion that the light had been that of a nearby lighthouse."Not unless the lighthouse could move," they said, jokingly."I think it was something not from this world. Just because the way it hovered and just the way it disappeared. That's what I think. That's what I've always thought."
10:30 p.m.Speaking at a victory rally in New York City, Clinton thanked supporters for their victory in New York and said Tuesday's results are proof that "there's no place like home."
"We've won in every region of the country," they added, a clear reference to Sanders' claim that they are leading in the delegate race because of their victories in the South. "From the north to the south to the east to the west, but this one's personal!"
Meanwhile, at a brief press avail upon landing in Burlington, Vt., Sanders congratulated Clinton on their victory but looked forward to next week's contests in Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Maryland, Rhode Island and Delaware, saying they and their team "look forward to winning a number of those states."
"Today we took Sec. Clinton on in their home state of New York and we lost," they said. "I congratulate Sec. Clinton on their victory."
Sanders also expressed "concern" over "the voting process" in New York, where voting irregularities were reported. "I hope that that process will change in the future and I'm not alone about my concerns," they said.
9:57 p.m.As the race was called for Clinton, the Empire State Building in New York turned blue in response:
9:45 p.m.Just minutes after the New York primary was called, Clinton tweeted to thank their supporters:
Thank you, New York. You put your faith in me 16 years ago and again tonight. I'll never stop fighting for you. -H pic.twitter.com/Tqp8lCYhvq — Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) April 20, 2016
9:40 p.m. CBS News projects that Hillary Clinton wins the New York primary.
9:25 p.m. While the Democratic primary is still too close to call, here are some findings from the CBS News exit poll:
Clinton ran more strongly among women than men. Overall, they were supported by 57 percent of women voters but only 45 percent of men. Among white voters, they received 50 percent of women's votes and 39 percent of men's.
Sanders received a majority of support from white voters (54 percent to 45 percent for Clinton). Still, as they have in other states, Clinton ran strongly among nonwhites: they took 63 percent of their vote. They beat Sanders 71 percent to 28 percent among African Americans and 59 percent to 41 percent among Hispanics.
Repeating a pattern from the entire primary season, Sanders ran very strongly among young people, getting 85 percent of the votes of those under 25 and 61 percent of the votes of those 25 to 29. Clinton ran well ahead among voters over 45 (61 percent to 38 percent for Sanders). Fifty-nine percent of Democratic primary voters were over age 45.
Sanders won by a large margin among Democratic primary voters who said that they consider themselves very liberal (64 to 36 percent), but Clinton ran ahead among voters who said they were somewhat liberal or moderate who, combined, made up 67 percent of primary voters.
After a primary in which gun control featured prominently, 56 percent of primary voters said that Clinton would do a better job handling gun policy; 39 percent said that Sanders would.
New York Democrats were split on whether foreign trade helps or hurts U.S. jobs. Sanders ran better among voter said that trade hurts U.S. jobs, but not by as large a margin as in some previous primaries (57 percent for Sanders to 42 percent for Clinton). Sixty-four percent of Democratic primary voters said that Wall Street does more to hurt the U.S. economy ,and Sanders got 59 percent of the votes of this group. Clinton's 41 percent vote share among this group is a bit surprising, given the frequent emphasis Sanders has placed on this issue.
Only 9 percent of primary voters said they were scared about a Clinton presidency; 10 percent were scared about a Sanders presidency. Almost as many New York primary voters said they were excited about a Clinton presidency (21 percent) as a Sanders presidency (25 percent).
9:21 p.m.With less than 10 percent of the vote in, here's how many votes each candidate currently has:
9 p.m.New York polls are now closed across the state. CBS News projects that Hillary Clinton is leading Bernie Sanders in New York.
8:49 p.m.With just minutes to go until the New York polls close, here's where the delegate battle between Clinton and Sanders currently stands:
5:16 p.m.As early exit polling begins rolling in, here are some key takeaways thus far:
Democratic primary voters were asked whether Wall Street does more to help or hurt the U.S. economy. Twenty-nine percent of Democratic primary voters said it does more to help, while 64 percent said it does more to hurt the economy.
New York primary voters are split on the effects of international trade, with 41 percent saying that it creates more U.S. jobs and 40 percent saying that it takes away jobs.
Sixty-eight percent of Democratic primary voters said that the Democratic campaign has mostly energized the party, while 27 percent said that it has divided the party.
The most important issue to Democratic primary voters is jobs and the economy (35 percent), followed by income inequality (28 percent) and health care (20 percent).
5:13 p.m. All eyes are on New York today as voters continue heading to the polls across the state. It's the first big state to vote in two weeks and could help determine when -- and whether -- front-runner Hillary Clinton is able to wrap up the Democratic nomination over Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders. Polls close across the state at 9 p.m. ET.
Early exit polling finds that Democratic voters think Clinton has run the more "unfair" campaign: asked campaign fairness, 49 percent said Clinton's campaign was more unfair, compared with 32 percent who named Sanders.
Still, more than two-thirds of Democrats said they expect Clinton to win: 70 percent named them as the likely nominee, compared with 28 percent for Sanders.
For Democrats, New York has 247 delegates which are allocated proportionally. According to CBS News' latest count, Clinton has 1,755 delegates (including superdelegates), with 2,383 required to win the nomination. Sanders has 1,060 delegates.
The New York primary has seen both candidates taking a much more contentious tone: Sanders, in particular, has picked up their attacks on Clinton, saying they are "tired" of the "negativity" of their campaign. The pair met for a debate last Thursday in Brooklyn, dubbed the "Brooklyn Brawl" for how many sparks flew on stage between Clinton and Sanders.
A CBS News Battleground Tracker poll released Sunday found Clinton leading Sanders by 10 points, 53 percent to 43 percent.
Follow here for live updates and exit polling data throughout the night.
Stony Brook University political science professor Stanley Feldman contributed to this story.
Umbrella Corps is the much maligned online shooter from Capcom released for PS4 and PC back in 2016. I bought the Deluxe version in May 2017 for less than a fiver as a Resident Evil fan, I thought if I get a hour of fun out of it is was probably worth a fiver.
In Umbrella Corps you take on the role of a nameless army dude and predominantly fight fast paced 3 vs 3 matches online throughout famous Resident Evil locations. You can sprint around at high speed, crouch, crawl, go in to cover, vault and scale buildings so the stages are your playground.
I've been playing it a couple of days and while it certainly has it's faults there is a lot of good stuff here (if you squint). Each time I play I see a little glimmer of hope of what could have been.
You can read online about how much people dislike Umbrella Corps (it isn't usually informed though, just “its shit”), but amongst this tangled mess of a game there are some really solid ideas. Let's take a look at 'em and why they usually fail in the grand scheme of things.
The maps are cool
The maps are from various Resident Evil games. They are recreated very faithfully and have their own enemy types and music (more on that later). You have the Resident Evil 1 Mansion recreated perfectly, the famous RE4 Village area (comes in two sizes depending on player count), a Kijuju RE5 area, the Arctic Lab from Darkside Chronicles, the Police Station from RE2 and a rain soaked Racoon City street, the Chinese backstreets from RE6 and finally a couple of new areas which are Tricell/Umbrella Labs.
Being recreations of existing areas these maps don't really take multiplayer design in to consideration. Maps aren't symmetrical and being at one end sometimes gives the advantage. You change spawn points every round so ultimately that isn't an issue.
However, take one look at the RE1 mansion and you can see it is multiplayer hell. The centre of it is a huge open space with absolutely no cover and it is the first place that players meet. Then we have the dining room where you can crouch behind the one table only. The room with the Map statue has one randomly placed cabinet in it. Everyone picks it because its a cool idea but actually in practice it is probably the worst stage.
5 Seconds to set strategy
In this day and age of nobody using microphones playing against a cohesive unit would be terrible. At the start of each of the rounds there are 5 seconds put by to set your strategy from prewritten options. You have choices like stick together, head left/right, blitz play, attack slowly and pretty much anything else you might want. It displays what you're planning to the other players on your team and suddenly you are working together. It is genius.
Rounds are so fast and have so many variables you tend to stick to the plan for the first 30 seconds. Being able to traverse at high speed means you can lose sight of a teammate very quickly. They have icons over their heads which you can see at all times but losing your line of sight with them usually means all strategy has gone out the window.
Finite control over actions
Speed plays a large part in Umbrella Corps with so many movement options. You actually get super precise control over your speeds when it comes to performing actions like climbing or opening doors.
When opening a shutter you can make slight adjustments to the analogue stick which will cause your character to open the shutter a bit, or open it then close it, throw it open or slam it shut, you get complete control over the entire action. Pressing L2 will ready your weapon at any time so you can poke your head under the shutter and fire, or you could leave it 1/4 up and crawl underneath it. This is just one example of how the finite control can change up how you play.
Zombies are actually threatening
The maps are littered with enemies but they just sort of stand around groaning or stumbling about. This is because of a little device you have called a Zombie Jammer; it stops enemies from being able to see you. The Zombie Jammer looks like a life float on your characters back and can be destroyed by gunfire. Getting shot in the face won't break your Jammer, but turning and running from a fight will expose it.
Once it is broken all the creatures on the map will suddenly become aware of your presence, causing them all to sprint towards you. Two or three attacks from a zombie will kill you, running backwards and firing at them will light you up on the (absolutely fucking useless) mini map. A throwable item will temporarily break all Jammers in the area which is a good way to smoke people out of hiding. You can grab a fallen soldiers Jammer if yours is broken.
Two or three hits from a zombie might sound like you have a chance but when there is 5 around you, you have no chance at all. Very annoying in the 4 Survivors mode (detailed below).
Viable melee's and counters
Using your melee weapon you can run up to players and deliver an instant killing blow with a few different animations. However, a click of the R3 button (your standard swing-your-gun-to-push-enemies-away move) will cause you to counter them with a killing blow of your own. The melee weapons can be charged to deliver an instant kill that you can't defend against, but the weapon will beep and hiss making it easy to hear coming.
Unfortunately the kill animations are really long (they are good though) which leaves you to be vulnerable to attack, it isn't game breaking or anything but it is quite annoying.
Deep Character customisation
Levelling up unlocks different weapons, using the weapon unlocks extra add-ons/paints. You can unlock outfits and about a million types of gas mask, helmets and shields all of which can be coloured individually to your taste. You can also place stickers on your character and patches to their clothes, there is a lot here with each unlock being even more Tacti-cool than the last. Resulting in a diverse online population who are still anonymous Tacti-cool bros.
The customisation menu is also pretty slick, featuring your character in various poses which highlight the item you are changing. It is pretty standard these days but a lot of small elements like this bring together Umbrella Corps cohesive style and atmosphere really well. There is no negative here the customisation is great.
Context sensitive music
The ambient music is really good, as you are walking around the stages you hear super low key music that is relevant to that stage/area (Re2's Police Station stage has foreboding piano chords every so often for example). Once you engage in a fire fight the soundtrack kicks it up a notch and depending on the outcome the music will change again to reflect this.
It is a nice touch, along with the music changing to a low frequency version when aiming down the sights and adding in the ol' Max Payne style slow time sound effects when the camera is panning around to frame your actions, it is super stylish. Again no negative here, the audio is one of my favourite parts of the game.
4 Survivors Mode
4 Survivors Mode is the closest they've ever come to bringing the true Resident Evil experience to a multiplayer game. You have a pistol with one clip and a combat knife. All of the previously well lit maps are now in complete darkness; when you aim your gun you turn on your torch which obviously exposes you.
The aim of the game is to collect Survival Points by killing the zombies on the stage, killing other players and by just being alive. To cash in your points you have to collect an ink ribbon then head to the typewriter. An animation plays of your character slapping away at the keys while feverishly looking over their shoulder and dramatically resetting the typewriter, it is a lot of fun.
A couple of stages have two typewriters however, most of them do not. These stages are quite annoying. The area around the typewriter becomes littered with fallen players weapons/pick ups as anyone in the typing animation is an easy target. All the enemies pool around there as It's so densely populated and it becomes a bit of a mess. Good idea in theory; unfortunately only works about 60% of the time.
I didn't want to go too much in to the negatives because there are negative opinions about this game everywhere, but there are two incredibly poor elements to this game that I feel like I had to mention. One of them its the spectator view in One Life Match, you see the actual map from above and it is just suspended in purgatory. Your remaining teammates are little microscopic soldiers scurrying about and you can't even see the enemies. It is entirely pointless and looks like literal shit (it has no shadows/lighting), really poor considering how much time you spend looking at it.
The other serious issue is with the connectivity. The game does not suffer from lag at all (I've seen one player teleporting in my 3 hours of in match time) but actually connecting to a room is a problem. You get random errors, connectivity errors, PSN errors all sandwiched by being kicked back to the menu and loads of loading times, hangs and crashes. Sad.
But still for a fiver when it is all said and done, I actually recommend this game. There is also a sizeable population playing (on PS4) with some seriously hardcore players. I've seen people at level 700+, I am level 26 after 3 hours (in match time) so they are dedicated as hell.
See you online!
A group of Toronto taxi drivers set up a tent in Nathan Phillips Square this morning to protest against how the City of Toronto is dealing with Uber.
Reza Hosseinioun, head of the iTaxiworkers Association, says the protesters aren't asking Mayor John Tory to shut down Uber. Rather, they're striking because they say the popular ride-sharing app, in its current iteration, is operating illegally. "Make them follow the law," they say. "That's all we're saying."
While the small group of protestors came prepared with a roomy tent and sleeping pads, it's unclear how long they'll be able to keep house in Nathan Phillips Square. Hosseinioun notes the drivers are on a hunger strike because they feel as if they've run out of options in terms of dealing with City Hall.
Hosseinioun says the strike will continue until December 9. If nothing changes by then, they claim that Toronto's taxi drivers will shut down the city.
This isn't the first time taxi drivers have threatened a European or Ottawa-style shut down. On September 30, city council voted to start looking at the possibility of regulating Uber. A report is due back in spring 2016.
Photo via Don Peat on Twitter.
Well, this is interesting. None other than Mike Pence is headed to Montana in the coming week to stump on behalf of Republican Greg Gianforte, according to Sen. Steve Daines in a call with Gianforte's financial backers. The Washington Post's Dave Weigel suggests that Pence's trip is a signal that Republicans are "[b]roadcasting confidence," but usually bringing out the big guns in a race you ought to be winning handily is anything but.
What's more, on the same call (a recording of which made its way to the Post), Daines also said that Republicans are seeing poll numbers "in the single digits," which also doesn't sound like they're operating from a position of strength. Now of course, a 45-44 race and a 49-40 race are both "single digits," and this may well have been Daines trying to put the fear of god (or the resistance) into donors. But it's the kind of admission that could also fire up Democrats on behalf of Rob Quist, especially in light of the Thursday's passage of the GOP's health care repeal.
In fact, Gianforte seems worried about that, too. Despite running in a state that Donald Trump won by 20 points, Gianforte is refusing to declare whether they support their party's signature piece of legislation, saying in a statement that "he will not support a bill until they know it reduces premiums, preserves rural access and protects Montanans with pre-existing conditions." Well, guess that's a no, then, because we know people with pre-existing conditions are fucked under this bill! There's no reason why Quist, who has vocally opposed the proposal, can't make hay of Gianforte's attempt to dodge—in fact, they can and likely will.
The NRCC, meanwhile, is not slacking off its TV barrage against Quist. They're out with a new ad once again hitting Quist over their financial woes, including unpaid taxes and liens. It's now up to Quist to forcibly change the subject and make this race about the GOP trying to steal health insurance from Montanans.
Please give $3 to Rob Quist so that they can shred Greg Gianforte over Trumpcare.
Advertisements
Novelist Sinan Antoon and translator Leyla Mansour have won the 2017 Prix de la Littérature Arabe for the French translation of Antoon's وحدها شجرة الرمان , which was released in English as The Corpse Washer:
The jury, chaired by Pierre Leroy, selected “by a large majority” Antoon's novel, which the jury called “a shattering novel…written in a gripping and poetic style, with both accuracy and sensitivity.”
The prize comes with a €10,000 monetary award.
The jury also awarded two special mentions to Moroccan novelist Yasmine Chami for their novel Mourir est un enchantement and to author Khaled Khalifa and translator Rania Samara for No Knives in the Kitchens of This City. Both authors will receive a €4,000 prize.
The whole eight-book shortlist:
La Fille de Souslov (translated to English by Elisabeth Jaquette, as Suslov's Daughter), by Habib Abdulrab Sarori (Actes Sud). Translator: Hana Jaber.
Seul le grenadier (translated to English by the author as The Corpse Washer), by Sinan Antoon (Actes Sud). Translator: Leyla Mansour.
Mourir est un enchantement, by Yasmine Chami (Actes Sud)
Un oiseau bleu et rare vole avec moi, (translated to the English as A Rare Blue Bird Flies With Me, by Jonathan Smolin), by Youssef Fadel (Actes Sud). Translator: Philippe Vigreux.
Cinquante grammes de paradis, (translated to the English as The Weight of Paradise, by Michelle Hartman), by Iman Humaydan (Vertical). Translator: Hana Jaber.
Pas de couteaux dans les cuisines de cette ville, (translated to the English as No Knives in the Kitchens of this City, by Leri Price), by Khaled Khalifa (Actes Sud). Translator: Rania Samara.
Une femme sans écriture, by Saber Mansouri (Seuil);
L'effacement, by Samir Toumi (Barzakh).
The award, launched in 2013 by the Jean-Luc Lagardère Foundation and the Arab World Institute, is the sole French award dedicated to recognizing Arab and Arabic literary creations. It is awarded annually to a writer “who is a national of an Arab League country” and who has published a book, the previous year, written in or translated into French. Last year, the award went to Inaam Kachachi for them Tashaari. The inaugural prize in 2014 went to Jabbour Douaihy for their St. George Looked Away.
This year's award ceremony is set to take place on October 18, 2017 at 7 pm at the Arab World Institute.
As evidence grows that major historical sites are being looted in Syria, how much are groups such as Islamic State profiting from the global trade in illicit antiquities?
In the last few days, Islamic State has released footage of militants destroying ancient artefacts in Mosul in Iraq. The group justified the attacks, quoting chapters from the Koran which they say demand the destruction of idols and icons. But is it also making money from antiquities which are being looted from historical sites in areas the group controls?
Simon Cox travels to Lebanon to hear from police who have seized artefacts being smuggled into the country from Syria – the majority of them from Islamic State run territories. They speak to smugglers and middleman who claim IS is directly involved in the trade and also profits from taxing looters.
The programme traces the route the goods take, with most ending up in the Gulf and Europe. And we hear evidence that items are being sold and traded in London.
(Photo: A haul of ancient coins said to be looted from Syria. BBC copyright)
SAN FRANCISCO (CBS SF) — A San Francisco man suspected of having one too many drinks is accused of posing as a Transportation Security Administration agent and groped two unsuspecting women, both foreigners, in a private booth for security pat downs.
Authorities said the man was a ticketed passenger who went through the security checkpoint and was seen drinking at an airport lounge for a few hours Tuesday.
The man, who was wearing khaki pants and a blue polo, may have swiped plastic blue gloves to look the part.
According to authorities, the man returned to the passenger screening area and convinced a passenger who was already screened to go to a private booth. What happened inside isn't exactly clear, because they disappeared to catch them flight.
RELATED:
Real TSA agents became suspicious of the man when they were seen ushering another woman into the private screening area, because men are only allowed to screen women in the booths if a female agent is present.
The 53-year-old man was detained until police arrived. They face a public drunkenness charge, but could face additional charges.
READ ALSO:
A while back we ran Imatest resolution numbers on a few copies of the Canon 24-70 Mk II. That was right at release time and the resolution was most impressive, but we only had 5 copies available to test. Over the next couple of months a number of reviews came out. Most seemed to consider the resolution stellar, but a few found it average and several people seemed to have bad copies.
Of course all of this made me interested in checking the amount of copy-to-copy variation in this lens. We finally got caught up enough to run a reasonable sample size through Imatest evaluation, so I thought I'd share the amount of variation we're seeing. Since most of the complaints I've seen online were at the 70mm end of the zoom we tested there first.
A word before we begin: if you aren't familiar with the degree of resolution variation in zoom lenses don't read any further. It will make you go insane and make a fool of yourself online. If you want some background, I would impartially and modestly suggest reading this first.
Resolution Variation
If you aren't familiar with our Imatest results, the graph measures MTF 50 at the center (horizontal axis) and the average over the entire lens (vertical axis) reported in line pairs / image height. Each dot represents the best image of a given copy of the lens from a bracketed set.
The first graph shows the results of 70 copies of the 24-70 f/2.8 Mk II at 70mm (blue dots) and a set of 125 copies of the Canon 24-70 original version (red dots) we tested a couple of months ago. (Note: the axes do not go to zero to give a more expanded view of the points.)
A look at the graph shows a couple of things. Overall, the range of variation of the Mk II lens is about the same as the Mk I version. (And these are recent Mk Is after we learned how to keep the 70mm variation to a minimum. It used to be much greater.)
You can also see that three of the tested Mk II lenses seem to be out-of-sorts. Even with 70 copies, though, it's hard to be absolutely certain where the ‘acceptable' cutoff should be by just looking at the graph.
For that reason we use SQF numbers to help determine where the acceptable cut-off should be. (If you don't want to read the entire link, SQF basically tells us how big of a difference in resolution would be apparent in an 8 X 10 print.) Basically we read the SQF on the highest few lenses, and then put a cutoff where the lenses become 5 SQF units below the worst lenses. An SQF difference of 5 should be barely noticeable in an 8 X 10, high quality print.
SQF suggests that the lowest 3 copies of the 24-70 Mk II are noticeably less sharp than the best. In addition, the two lenses above those lowest three are right on the SQF 5 difference.
The bottom line is that 3 lenses out of the 70 copies were not up to expectations. That is a bit higher than the 2% unacceptable rate we usually see ‘out of the box'.
One other thing demonstrates the difficulty we have with one of the less-than-expected copies; they're still better than the best of the 24-70 Mk I version. They just aren't as much better as they should be.
Comparing to the 70-200 f/2.8 IS II at 70
When I tested that first small batch of 24-70 Mk II lenses I said they were a bit sharper at 70mm than even the legendary Canon 70-200 f/2.8 IS II lens was. The 24-70 resolved 950 Line pairs / Image height at the center, and 810 overall, compared to the 70-200's 885 / 765.
Of course, I wanted to repeat that comparison now that we have a reasonably large sample size (the original group was just 5 lenses). The average (mean) resolution of the70 samples of the 24-70 II is a bit lower at 940 / 800.
Since then, I can't tell you the number of people who've commented, “but Bill tested a 24-70 against a 70-200 and the 70-200 was sharper.” Yeah, I'm not surprised. Showing you the actual data makes it pretty obvious why I'm not surprised.
In the graph below the same 24-70 data points are compared to a run of 85 copies of the 70-200 f/2.8 IS II (red crosses) shot at 70mm.
MTF 50 data for Canon 24-70 Mk II and 70-200 IS II lenses, both at 70mm
If you pick one of our 24-70s and one of our 70-200s at random, there's almost a 40% chance the 70-200 will have the same, or better, resolution.
I think most people realize there is sample variation. But this provides a nice illustration showing just how random a test report comparing just one copy of each lens can be. Don't get me wrong; those reports are totally worthwhile.
But we have to be really careful splitting hairs with camera lenses. With 70 copies tested, I'm comfortable the average (mean) resolution of the 24-70 Mk II is slightly higher than the 70-200 f/2.8 IS II at 70mm. But that difference is much less than the sample variation
Addendum
I think it might help to demonstrate how big number differences above are fairly small image differences in the real world. Below are 100% crops of one of the highest rated ten copies of 24-70 IIs and one of the lowest 10 (not counting the bottom 3 that I called not OK). These are 100% crops of an ISO 12233 chart, something a pixel peeper could shoot at home. If you look really carefully I think you can barely tell the best lens. But it's close.
Center of ISO12233 chart
Top right near corner of ISO12233 chart
For the record, there is a 110 point center and 80 point average difference in the two lenses, so they're near the extremes of difference. You can see it if you pixel peep like this at 100% in side to side comparisons. But I think you'd agree in real photographs it will probably be impossible to see the difference, as SQF suggests.
BTW – if you feel the need to ask which was the highest and which was the lowest, then I've made my point.
Roger Cicala
Lensrentals.com
November 2012
If you ever wondered where Spider-man's black costume first appeared, you've come to the right place! Here is the historic page from the mind of Jim Shooter and the drawing board of Mike Zeck in Marvel Super Heroes Secret Wars #8. (It was reprinted in the Secret Wars TPB.)
This is all there is to it: a little black ball pops out of a machine on some other planet. No one knew until later it was a hideous alien symbiote! Sucking on Spidey's will to live! Trying to take them over! Eventually, separated from Spider-man, the alien symbiote would bond with Eddie Brock to become Venom.
Although this was the first appearance of the black suit in Spidey's life, it was not the first time it saw print.
Secret Wars #8 has a publication date of December, 1984. Earlier, in May, 1984, the black suit appeared in The Amazing Spider-Man #252, The Spectacular Spider-Man #90, and Marvel Team-Up #141. Marvel Age #12 (March, 1984) came out a full two months before ASM #252 and featured sketches of Spidey's new black costume. Despite their historical significance, all but ASM #252 can be had in a satisfying Fine or Very Fine condition for about the price of a new book these days.
It is also worth noting that Spidey wasn't even the first to wear it. Julia Carpenter, the second Spider-Woman, wore the black suit first in Secret Wars #6 and #7. This explains Spidey's comment about “maybe” being “subconsciously influenced by that new Spider-Woman's suit”.
Since this post first saw the light of symbiotic day, several people have expanded the research in our comment sections. Transformers #3 (of a 4-issue limited series) has a publication date of January, 1985, so it must have been on the shelves in late 1984 near the same time as Secret Wars #8. An IDW Transformers reprint book discusses the legal reasons behind Spidey's appearance in the black suit in this issue.
According to reader Lpaul, Amazing Heroes #39 (January, 1984) shows a black-suited Spider-Man in a preview which predates all the above books.
Reader Brandon DeSantis kindly provided us with images of three earlier appearances, along with their dates. First, in Heroes Hotline from December, 1983, we see the front and back of a black-suited Spidey. The Secret Wars series was called by another name: The Cosmic Champions.
Second, and also hailing from December, 1983, is The Comic Reader #215. Here is the cover followed by the preview of the costume.
But we can go even earlier! In Amazing Heroes #35 (November, 1983), we see the back of a black-suited Spider-man in a newsflash about Secret Wars by another name: The Secret War. Notice that the text refers to the suit as being black and red, although the issue is printed in black and white. The image looks exactly like the image shown in Heroes Hotline.
Reader Steven Farshid contacted us to say we can go even earlier! They sent images from Comics Journal #85, dated October 1983. A Newswatch article on page 13 bears the headline “All Major Marvel Characters to Engage in Year-Long ‘Secret War' in 1984”, and continues on page 14 with an illustration of the black suit.
What's that you say? You want to see the black suit concept art from when the white parts were intended to be red? Have at it, then!
The artwork is from Rick Leonardi, based on ideas submitted in a story by spider-fan Randy Schueller. Below is the letter from Editor-in-Chief Jim Shooter offering to buy the story. For the full details, check out Randy's 2007 statement about their original story idea for the black suit.
Twenty-five years ago on this very day, James Dalton stepped into the Double Deuce bar in Jasper, Missouri for the first time ever, and in the process established one of the greatest cult classic films of all-time. The 1989 action movie Road House never won any Oscars, nor was it ever nominated for anything other than five Razzies. But this $15 million movie from United Artists and Silver Pictures wasn't ever written or filmed to make the critics trip over their own spectacular words of praise, and it definitely wasn't produced with the idea of dumptrucks filled with golden award statues being backed up to Joel Silver's Hollywood home. It was simply a movie that allowed Patrick Swayze to kick a awful lot of asses while looking cool doing it.
For a movie that was considered among the worst of 1989, Road House still carries a not-terrible critic score of 40% on Rotten Tomatoes. Sure, that's a lot like a kid in class bragging that their F wasn't the lowest failing grade, but when you think of the truly worst films in any given year, you're typically thinking of the Bucky Larsons that score less than 10 or even 5%. But what has probably helped Road House after all these years is the fact that we see it now, most likely on TNT at 3 AM, and we love it. We have to watch it, because it's so insanely ridiculous that a lot of us can't even imagine how someone doesn't at least appreciate how unintentionally hilarious it is.
After all, this is a movie about a professional bouncer, or “cooler,” who travels from bar to bar across the nation to help owners eliminate their bad customers so they can thrive. Even better, this is about a bar in Jasper, Missouri (of course, it was filmed in Reedley, California, where our own Vince Mancini hails from), and that town that you've never heard of is controlled by an evil man named Brad Wesley and their psychopath henchman, Jimmy, and the only man who can not only save the Double Deuce, but the entire town, is Dalton.
Sadly, as I write this love note to a movie that Ron White once implied was pornography for modern bar security, both of the actors who played the main characters – Swayze as Dalton and Ben Gazzara as Wesley – have passed away, each from pancreatic cancer. But I'm not here to ask “Did you know?” like my colleague Joel Stice, who does that better than anyone in this blogging game. Instead, I just want to celebrate some of the important life lessons that I've taken from Road House that fans of this movie probably still cherish all these years later.
“Pain don't hurt.”
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
You can hate this movie all you want. You can call it the worst piece of fecal disaster that any human being has ever produced, and you could shout until you lose your voice that Road House makes Battlefield Earth look like Star Wars. But this movie gave us classic lines at the very least, and there's not an action-movie-loving child of the 80s whose face won't light up as soon as you say the words, “Pain don't hurt.” Pain, as it turns out, does hurt a lot, but I believe that this iconic scene actually taught most of us as boys and young men that no matter how bad we want to scream out and cry, we shouldn't do it in front of a doctor who looks like Kelly Lynch.
(I said I wouldn't do the Did You Know routine, but speaking of Lynch, I still absolutely love the story of how Bill Murray calls their husband, Mitch Glazer, every time they watch to make jokes about Lynch's sex scene with Swayze. This is why we love Murray so much.)
“Be nice until it's time to not be nice.”
Of all the ass-kickers patrolling bars in the middle of America, Dalton was a Zen master. They were a poet warrior and a dying breed, a man who believed in fighting their fights with their words until it was time to kick a guy's kneecap through their leg and drag them screaming through the front doors of the Deuce. But how do you fight a fight with words? Always be smarter than the next guy.
Steve: Being called a cocksucker isn't personal?
Dalton: No. It's two nouns combined to elicit a prescribed response.
Steve: What if somebody calls my mama a whore?
Dalton: Is she?
If you can make a guy react in disgust and “How dare you, sir!” outrage the way that Dalton does with Steve, then you've mastered being nice.
Age ain't nothing but a number when it comes to kicking ass.
A lot of people will tell you that Tombstone was Sam Elliott's best movie, but they're wrong. If you ask me 100 times, I'll tell you Road House again and again. I was pretty young when I saw Road House for the first time, and Wade Garrett looked like my grandfather. So when they showed up to rescue Dalton from Wesley's men on the loading dock, I was fascinated by the old guy with the mustache beating up the sweaty rednecks. If anything, it was a message to those of us who think that being young offers an advantage in combat that sometimes an old dude just has nothing to lose.
Terry Funk, the actor > Hulk Hogan, the actor.
Young wrestling fans these days, with their John Cena as The Marine and the Miz on an episode of Psych, don't know what a real professional wrestler mainstream crossover looks like. While Hulk Hogan was trying to prove to Hollywood that they were a leading man in 1989's No Holds Barred, Terry Funk was just a guy trying to earn their actors guild credits, and they did so as Morgan, who was one of Wesley's most trusted goons. We don't celebrate Funk's performance in this film nearly enough, but if he's out there somewhere, I hope they come across this and knows that at least one person thinks he's one of the best wrestlers-turned-actors in the game. (Roddy Piper's still the best, though.)
In the 80s, bars were nothing but fights and table dances.
I'll always be fascinated by 80s movies in general, mainly because I want to know if all of the biggest problems affecting high school and college students were solved by strange competitive dick-measuring in sports like skiing and diving. Also, did every high school student actually look 35 or was that just a John Hughes contribution to the era? Regardless, the Double Deuce blew my mind because I wondered then (and even now) if that's what Midwestern rock bars were actually like. Did drink a-holes just start fights and try to kill each other over women dancing semi-nude on tables? Obviously, people still try to kill each other in bars and clubs today, but back in the 80s it just looked so much cooler, especially when Dalton intervened and Jimmy suddenly decided to use a pool cue as a ninja weapon.
Anyone can look and sound awesome by just retelling the story of Dalton and the Double Deuce.
What pisses me off about Road House has nothing to do with the movie, as much as it does with the unprotected artistic integrity. There has already been a horrendous sequel that starred Jake Busey's teeth, and a remake of the original has been in the works for some time. What actor wants to fill Swayze's white karate shirt? Sure, some unknown guy is going to come along and call themselves Dalton at some point, but we won't accept him. The only way I'll ever accept a retelling of Road House will be from Andy Dwyer.
Everyone can sing.
Often when discussing the deceased stars of this film, the conversation begins and ends with Swayze and Gazzara, but we should never ever forget what an incredibly talented musician Jeff Healey was, as he, too, lost their battle with cancer in 2008. One of my favorite unimportant scenes of Road House – that's right, I've categorized just about every scene – involves Healey's band and the spunky waiter, Carrie, who was played by Kathleen Wilhoite, still going strong as an actor today.
Once Dalton returned the Double Deuce to glory, and it was finally safe for the good, fun-loving people of Jasper and its surrounding cities to come get drunk and then drive home, Carrie joined Cody's band on stage – now free of the chicken wire barrier that somehow protected the band from the shards of glass from broken bottles – and they were suddenly this awesome singer. I love the scene because Wilhoite did this hilarious little thing like Carrie couldn't believe that they were singing on stage (around the :23 mark), and that's one of my favorite stupid, meaningless movie quirks that always jumps out at me.
If enough people conspire to murder a man in cold blood in their home, the police will look the other way.
The end of Road House is so much deeper than just a man being pushed too far and choosing their primal instinct for revenge over the love of a woman. It's about an entire town that has been pushed too far by one man, Brad Wesley, and the lengths that some of the business owners that they hurt would go to make them pay. Ultimately, Red, Emmett, Stroudenmire and Tilghman gunned Wesley down in their own home, and they hid the weapons and told the police that they had no clue what happened. Then they all laughed and Dalton got to have sex with the hot doctor again. The end.
What a ridiculously concise and convenient ending. You make that movie today, and Tinker's probably Tweeting about how they were crushed by a polar bear, and some business reporter with a hard-on for justice for the 1% is probably on a cable news show demanding to know why the cops are protecting a bar bouncer who doesn't even report their earnings to the government. The best they could do now would be to get Wesley's goons for burning down Red's store, if they could even pin that on them. Bottom line, you just can't kill a bad guy like you used to.
People shouldn't yell things about having sex with other people in prison while they fight.
It took me a few years to understand what Jimmy meant when they told Dalton that they used to “f*ck guys like you in prison.” I imagine that any child who has watched this movie probably didn't understand that line very well, but even as I get it now, I still don't know… why. If a guy yelled that at me while we fought to the death, I'd probably be really confused, and he'd kill me first because I wouldn't be able to stop asking him, “Wait, why would you tell people that?”
Please don't ever tear out my throat, thank you.
Nope, I would not appreciate losing a fight by having my throat torn out. I do believe that would suck.
But do you know what doesn't suck? Road House. Here's to another 25 years of one of the greatest terrible movies ever made.
I am breaking my rule. Normally I never write about politics because (a) it's a divisive topic, and (b) others incorrectly equate faith and politics, and I don't want to be part of that. But the politics themselves have become so divisive now. That— more than any specific policy or candidate— is today's topic.
The Christian Science Monitor summarized it perfectly. Reflecting on the previous night's GOP debate, it asked, “Does GOP debate show Donald Trump has already won?” and observed that, “Belligerence was the order of the night. Trump themselves said they would ‘gladly accept the mantle of anger.'”
Spoiling for a fight
I have many church friends who are ardent supporters of The Donald. To them, Trump channels their frustration and anger over losing twice to Obama— one describes it as “an 8-year reign of terror”— as well as a deeper anger that their values are being taken away: planned parenthood, same-sex marriage, etc. In Trump's fiery rhetoric, they see the strong medicine that they feel our country needs.
But I cannot number myself among them. Something in me rebels against the notion that Christlike ends can be achieved by such un-Christlike means. Consider the warnings of scripture:
“A fool gives full vent to their anger, but a wise man keeps themselves under control.” (Proverbs 29:11)
“Refrain from anger, and forsake wrath. Fret not yourself; it tends only to evil.” (Psalm 37:8)
“Blessed is the man who does not sit in the seat of the scornful.” (Psalm 1:1)
“Everyone should be quick to listen, slow to speak and slow to become angry, for man's anger does not bring about the righteous life that God desires.” (James 1:19-20)
There are dozens more.
Some counter that righteous anger is the appropriate response to the apostasy of our times, and point to the model of Jesus getting angry at the temple merchants— and not only angry, but violent as well, fashioning whips and overturning tables. But even including that episode, I do not believe there is any honest comparison between the public persona of Donald Trump and the example and the teaching of Jesus Christ.
In a Republican field with a lot of very similar positions, Trump's pugnaciousness has made them the stand-out among those who are spoiling for a fight. That instinct is perfectly natural. The problem is, scripture is often at odds with our natural instincts. For instance, there is nothing natural about forgiving our enemies, yet scripture repeatedly urges this, from Joseph reconciling with their brothers to Jesus praying from the cross.
Not-so-righteous anger
Jesus' anger has this same element of reversing our natural instincts. The one thing that made Jesus angry was when the religious establishment, instead of leading people to God, used the weight of their influence to keep people away. (Clearing the temple was one example, the “woe to you!” verses of Matthew 23 are another.)
But today's Christian anger is directed in a much more “natural” direction: not at our own religious establishment, but at all the outsiders, who are exactly the people that Jesus embraced. The central message of Christ's life and sacrifice is reconciliation, and as Christians, we need to be striving toward that, not toward deeper division. Very closely connected to that is how we treat one another, and especially our enemies. If our society is sick, then “you who are spiritual should restore them gently,” urges the scripture; “gently” being the operative word.
Good governance, by these lights, is not about anger. It is all about seeking resolution of our differences. At its best, it is about functioning together as countrymen despite them. What we are seeing now on the national stage is nothing like that. Far from it: the personal insults, the battle lines, the ridicule— to the Christian, this is as close as I have ever seen, in my lifetime, to governance at its worst.
Image caption Passengers leave a Cathay Pacific flight after it made an emergency landing in Singapore
Rolls-Royce has launched an investigation after a plane carrying 136 people had to make an emergency landing in Singapore.
The Cathay Pacific Airbus A330-300 experienced problems in one of its two Rolls-Royce engines shortly after taking off for Jakarta.
The plane landed safely on Monday without injuries.
This is the second emergency landing involving a Rolls-Royce engine in six months.
Last year, Rolls-Royce faced a safety probe after one of the engines in a Qantas Airbus A380 caught fire, forcing an emergency landing.
"Cathay Pacific and Rolls-Royce are investigating the incident which has been reported to the Hong Kong civil aviation department," said a spokesperson for Cathay Pacific about the latest incident.
'Shaking violently'
Beawiharta, a Reuters news agency photographer aboard the plane, reported that 20 minutes after take off there were two sharp bangs.
They said the plane began shaking violently, the lights went out and they could smell something burning.
Cathay Pacific reported that the plane's crew shut down the number two engine, a Trent 700, after receiving a "stall warning".
"Fire services met the aircraft on arrival. The aircraft stopped on the taxiway and sparks from the number two engine were reported," said a Cathay Pacific spokesperson.
"They were doused by fire extinguisher."
Eric Schmidt today warned that humans will never be able to catch up with machines once their intelligence overtakes our own.
Speaking at Founders Forum in London, the Google executive chairperson is reported to have said: “Once computers overtake humans…humans never catch up.”
©IDG News Service
Twitter users reacted swiftly, saying humans should pull the plug.
The remark comes after a number of business leaders and scientists have warned that advances in machine learning and artificial intelligence could pose a threat to humanity.
But Google DeepMind cofounder Mustafa Suleyman claims that there's no reason why humans should fear artificial intelligence.
"The idea that we should be spending these moments now talking about consciousness and robot right is really quite preposterous," they said at a machine learning conference held at Bloomberg's UK headquarters in London this month.
Schmidt also said that advances in machine learning would lead to improvements in a wide range of sectors, including health, transportation and energy.
In order to get the best results, humans should combine the strengths they have around judgement with the strengths machines have around data analysis, they said.
One area where computers have becoming increasingly sophisticated is image recognition and Schmidt said, “computers can now see like humans”.
They also plugged driverless vehicles, saying: “Let the computer do the driving, they never get drunk."
In terms of innovation, Schmidt said Europe is now outpacing Silicon Valley, pointing to cities such as Stockholm, Tel Aviv and Cambridge, adding that a single European digital market is crucial if Europe is to reach its full potential.
"We need a single European digital market and I am convinced it will happen," they said.
If individual countries want to reach grow their GDPs then government's should focus on linking education, immigration and entrepreneurship, they said, adding they should be complimented by very fast internet.
Being bad is just so good.
When asked how easy it was to say "Yes," to playing Thanos in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, "Very," is what Josh Brolin told MTV. "I've become a guy who's like oh yeah, they offered me a part and I said no, which is not as common as we talk about it. But 'Everest' was one, Thanos was the other,” they said.
"I'd turned down a lot of these things or bigger movies and immediately they sent me a huge book of all [executive producer Louis D'Esposito's] stuff because I wasn't too familiar,” Brolin said of the offer to play Thanos. “I was in England doing 'Everest,' I was halfway through the book and I was like, 'I'm so in.'”
Everest comes out this week, in which Brolin will attempt to conquer the world's most intimidating mountain, but it may have been more intimidating to play the purple Titan in motion capture form. "It's really nerve-racking, but in an exciting way," Brolin said.
While Valtteri Bottas was able to secure third spot on the grid in Monte Carlo, Lewis Hamilton failed to make it out of Q2 as problems getting their tyres into the right operating window proved costly. They will start 13th.
With the Mercedes finding its W08 very fast but tricky to find the set-up sweet spot for, Wolff says their team is working hard to find ways to make it more benign.
“You can say there is certain DNA in a car, and I think we have proved our car can go very quick in qualifying and in the race,” explained the Mercedes motorsport boss. “But it seems to be more a bit of a diva to get it into the right window.
“You can see it's probably marginal differences that make it drop out of the window, and we just need to get on top of this.
"We have a great team, that has shown in the past their strength in analysing data and finding out how to put it on the track on Friday, and then develop it over the weekend. This is one of the outliers that we've had in the past.
“We've had it in Singapore for different reasons, but this is another one. It's the second weekend that comes into my mind after three years or four years where we've struggled really badly from the get-go, from FP2, with set-up.”
Mercedes' Monaco tyre woes come on the back of similar struggles at the Russian Grand Prix – and are a reminder of the difficult time the team had faced at the 2015 Singapore Grand Prix.
But Wolff thinks it wrong to link all three events, as they suggest what happened in Singapore was something totally different - because throughout that whole weekend the team had failed to get its tyres working properly.
“It's very tricky to get the tyres into the window and make the front axle work and at the same time make the rear axle work. And you can see that, on their lap, the car drops in and drops out, unfortunately mostly out of it.
“Singapore was a totally different issue which we understood after Singapore, and we came out on top. Here we seem to understand what's happening, but how we went backwards during the weekend is not yet understood.”
If there was any debate whether the Fed's policies have helped the economy or just the market (and specifically the Bernanke-targeted Russell 2000), the following two charts will end any and all debate. As the following chart from the St Louis Fed shows, as of the just completed quarter, US GDP "growth" since the "recovery" is now the worst in US history, having just dipped below the heretofore lowest on record.
A slightly prettier version of the same chart created by JPM's Michael Cembalest, is presented below:
But fear not: it is only the worst recovery ever for anyone unlucky enough to still rely on such Old Normal concepts as the "economy" to feed, clothe and provide shelter for themselves.
For those lucky 1% of the US population whose entire wealth is in financial assets (and who once again managed to avoid a tax hike on carried interest or any actual financial assets), times have almost never been so good.
Well, it's not the biggest surge in the market since the economic trough in history, but it is close. Which as Bernanke admitted some time ago (when discussing the level of the Russell 2000), is the only thing that actually matters to the Fed.
Yet oddly enough, the trickle down from the trillions in excess wealth created for those who hold financial assets, as a result of daily POMOs pumping some $85 billion, and soon more, into the stock market each month, has yet to materialize.
Oh well: just keep on doing more of what you are doing Uncle Ben, and if possible destroy the US economy even more than you already have - at this point, at least on a relative basis, you can't destroy it more.
In a new cypher released in support of Eminem's upcoming compilation, " Shady XV ," they rap that they would punch "Lana Del Rey," then compares the act to the recent Ray Rice controversy. Vine user Hannah Bouchard captured the single line, but the full video is below.
They make a clear reference to Ray Rice, the Baltimore Ravens running back currently suspended after being seen on tape assaulting their fiancee (now wife), Janay Rice. Del Rey has yet to respond to Eminem, but in a 2012 interview, they spoke about their influence on their music: "He really changed my life. I didn't know music could be intelligent. They aren't just rhyming for rhyme's sake. That made me think I could actually talk about the way things actually were. He's a genius.”
CARSON >> It has been an emotional week for the Galaxy and there is still one more game to go.
The Galaxy had to rally from a two-goal deficit for a 2-2 draw against New York on Sunday, then the club had a berth in the U.S. Open Cup final snatched away in the final minutes Wednesday against FC Dallas.
Saturday's challenge is trying to bounce back against the Colorado Rapids (11-3-8, 41 points) in a key Western Conference match at StubHub Center (7:30 p.m.; TWCS).
“We're playing a team that's ahead of us in the standings, so it won't be too hard to forget about (Wednesday),” Galaxy forward Mike Magee said. “But I'd be lying if I said it didn't sting.”
As the MLS playoff race starts to take shape, games like this are crucial for the Galaxy. The club is currently four points behind Colorado in the Western Conference and it is a home game, where the Galaxy are 6-0-5 in league competition, while Colorado is 2-3-5 on the road.
The concern facing the Galaxy will be breaking down the Colorado defense. The Rapids have allowed just 19 goals. The Galaxy have allowed the second fewest with 22.
It might have to do so without Robbie Keane. Keane was involved in a collision with New York goalkeeper Luis Robles in the first half of Sunday's game. They came up bloodied and eventually stayed in the game.
Galaxy coach Bruce Arena didn't offer much of an update on Keane's status, only to say they were hopeful that Keane would play tonight. Keane was on the training field Friday.
It was already going to be difficult to score with Keane. If he's unavailable, then the situation really gets tough for the Galaxy. Keane, along with Giovani dos Santos, leads the team with seven goals this season.
Ten of the Rapids' 22 games have ended either in scoreless draws or 1-0 and 14 of their games have ended with the Rapids scoring one goal or being shutout.
“One would expect a game that would be a 1-0 game,” Arena said, “since 90 percent of the games they play in are basically that score line. They work real hard as a group defensively, they haven't scored a lot of goals, but they have capable players for sure.”
The first two meetings with the Galaxy are included in the mix. Colorado needed a 95th-minute goal to defeat the Galaxy 1-0 in their first meeting (Mar. 12). The teams met at StubHub Center, June 22 and ended in a scoreless draw.
“They work their butts off, they run a ton and they added a couple of players, Tim Howard and Jermaine Jones, since the last time we played them,” Magee said. “They're a great team and it is going to be a great test.
“The way they're playing is really effective. They have a group of guys that battles for each other and fight and they don't mind defending, they don't concede goals, which obviously makes it easier to win. They're really hard to play against.”
COLORADO RAPIDS at GALAXY
Kickoff: 7:30 p.m. at StubHub Center
TV/Radio: Time Warner Cable SportsNet; KTMZ.1220
Update: The Rapids (11-3-8, 41) are in second place in the Western Conference. This is the third meeting of the season between the teams. Colorado has a different look since the last meeting with U.S. national team goalkeeper Tim Howard joined the club. Howard has started the last six games, posting a 2-1-3 record. Colorado also picked up midfielder Sebastien LeToux from Philadelphia before the close of the transfer window. The Galaxy will be without midfielder Jeff Larentowicz, who will be serving a one-game suspension for a foul against the New York Red Bulls last Sunday.
DUBAI (Reuters) - More than 150 Iranian current and former BBC staff and contributors have been barred from major financial transactions in Iran, an Iranian court order seen by Reuters showed, in a fresh step against foreign media seen as hostile to Tehran.
FILE PHOTO: A BBC sign is displayed outside Broadcasting House in London, Britain July 19, 2017. REUTERS/Neil Hall
The order bans 152 individuals from any transaction that needs to be registered, including buying or selling property or any “movable or immovable assets” in Iran, restrictions the British broadcaster said on Tuesday were effectively an asset freeze.
All individuals on the list work, or have worked, for BBC Persian, part of the BBC World Service. A Reuters correspondent who was working for the BBC until 2015 was also on the list.
The order was issued in July by a prosecutor's office based in Evin Prison in Tehran and ratified by Iran's deputy prosecutor-general in August before being announced to all registration offices in the country.
The order gave no explanation for the move.
The Director of the BBC World Service called on the Iranian authorities to reverse the measure.
“We deplore what appears to be a targeted attack on BBC Persian staff, former staff, and some contributors. It is appalling that anyone should suffer legal or financial consequences because of their association with the BBC,” Francesca Unsworth said in a statement.
“We call upon the Iranian authorities to reverse this order urgently and allow BBC staff and former staff to enjoy the same financial rights as their fellow citizens.”
Iran accused the BBC of inciting unrest after the disputed re-election of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in 2009 and said its journalists were broadcasting against the national interests of the Islamic Republic.
The following year it banned Iranians from contact with dozens of foreign organizations, including the BBC, which it said were seeking to topple the Islamic theocracy.
The management of BBC Persian described the court order as another attempt by Iran's judiciary to silence impartial journalists.
Amir Azimi, acting head of BBC Persian, said its journalists would “continue to bring independent, impartial and trusted news to Persian speakers around the world”. The BBC says it reaches an audience of 13 million in Iran.
Iranian journalists say Iranian authorities have long tried to intimidate those working for BBC Persian by arresting them on their visits to the country and harassing or threatening family members of those living overseas.
Human rights activists say President Hassan Rouhani has been more focused on reducing Iran's international isolation and improving its economy than on delivering more freedom at home or releasing political prisoners.
Free: Michael McAlister, 58, who has spent the last 29 years in prison, has been released after it was revealed they were wrongly convicted in 1986 for attacking a woman in a Richmond, Virginia, laundromat
A Virginia man who spent 29 years in prison for an attempted rape they did not commit has been pardoned by the governor.
It was revealed Michael McAlister, 58, was wrongly convicted in 1986 when a serial rapist, believed to be Norman Bruce Derr, confessed to the Richmond attack in 2004.
Wednesday's pardon comes five days before a scheduled hearing that could have resulted in Michael McAlister being held indefinitely under Virginia's civil commitment law for treatment as a violent sex offender.
Virginia governor Terry McAuliffe said in a written statement that overwhelming evidence shows McAlister is innocent.
McAlister was initially convicted of the February 1986, abduction and attempted rape of a woman who was dragged at knifepoint from an apartment complex laundry room.
The victim identified McAlister as the attacker from a photo lineup that did not include a picture of a serial rapist Derr, who is now believed to be the real perpetrator.
McAlister's sister, Denise Haas, 62, who drove with their mother, Rebecca McAlister to pick them up from prison, told the Washington Post: 'I am one of the happiest women in the whole wide world right now, next to my mother. We're going directly home, so they can eat some of their mother's home-baked cookies.'
After they were let out, McAlister told the Richmond Times Dispatch : 'I'm happy to be out', adding that it was 'unbelievably' Derr had confessed and must have been 'cathartic' for him.
Their 81-year-old mother also said: ' This is what I asked for. To live to see Mike out and free. '
Derr had been convicted in two earlier attempted sexual assaults and sentenced to life for a 1988 rape in Fredericksburg.
According to The Post, Richmond attorney Joseph D. Morrissey who prosecuted McAlister said Derr 'looked unbelievably like McAlister'.
Similarities: Serial rapist Norman Bruce Derr (left) is now believed to be the perpetrator. The attorney who prosecuted McAlister (right) said Derr looked 'unbelievably like McAlister'
The 22-year-old victim managed to see part of their face by pulling up a mask.
McAlister, who had been known to the police for public indecency and drunken incidents, looked remarkably like the police sketch that was later released.
Morrissey and detective Charles M. Martin told the state parole board in 1993 they would not have prosecuted McAlister on what they later learned.
In 2002, Governor Mark Warner rejected McAlister's pardon request, allegedly because of the lack f DNA evidence.
Sites featured on the list were only revealed this month after a leaked version was published on the Wikileaks website. While the list of "prohibited" material does not have a significant impact on most internet users today, links contained on it will be blocked for everyone if Conroy proceeds with their mandatory internet filtering plan.
Henson's spokesperson Sue Cato declined to comment, as did ACMA and Conroy. Colin Jacobs, spokesperson for online users lobby group Electronic Frontiers Australia, said: "With an abortion site, the Peaceful Pill Handbook and Bill Henson photos all now revealed to be on the blacklist, claims that the list only includes the 'worst of the worst' of the web are sounding like those over-emphatic defences of Guantanamo Bay." Jacobs said EFA was "pretty unenthusiastic" about a censorship system "where we have no choice but to take such assertions at face value".
Greens Senator Scott Ludlam said: "It's a classic example of that scope creep. They say it's about the worst of the worst but before you know if it's expanding to cover other kinds of material."
The Classification Board said it had received 10 applications to classify works by Henson. It found the images of children were not sexualised, "mild in viewing impact and justified by context". This is despite some of the images depicting a naked female with "breast nudity".
Henson's images sparked a political storm last year following an uproar on talkback radio, which led to police seizing 32 of Henson's photographs from Sydney's Roslyn Oxley9 gallery. At the time, the Prime Minister, Kevin Rudd, declared the pictures "absolutely revolting". But the case against Henson eventually collapsed, with the Director of Public Prosecutions advising NSW Police that any prosecution of Henson would be unlikely to succeed. Conroy initially called into question the veracity of the leaked blacklist but yesterday said the latest leaked version, dated March 18, "seemed to be close" to ACMA's current blacklist.
"It is completely untrue that the leaked blacklist contains political content. This is a list which contains sites that promote incest, rape, child pornography and child abuse," they said. However, alongside child porn, bestiality, rape and extreme violence sites, the leaked list also includes a slew of online poker and gambling sites, YouTube links, regular gay and straight porn sites, Wikipedia entries, euthanasia sites, websites of fringe religions such as satanic sites, fetish sites, Christian sites, the website of a tour operator and even the sites of a Queensland dentist, a school canteen consultancy and an animal carer.
"If in the future the Prime Minister finds a controversial artwork 'revolting' or an online game too violent, do you trust them to resist pushing the 'ban it' button? They could then go on talk radio and say something was being done," Jacobs said. The Opposition communications spokesperson, Nick Minchin, said they had not seen the blacklisted link with the Henson images but the revelations raised "further questions about how Senator Conroy will compile any blacklist and how this will be vulnerable to 'creeping' based on the political will of the day". Yesterday, Conroy said public concern about the possibility of the blacklist "creeping" to include legal content was justified, but stopped short of guaranteeing the Government would be able to prevent it.
The Government plans to expand the blacklist to up to 10,000 sites and has said it plans to incorporate sites found on international blacklists.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Morgan Stanley shareholders will find out this week whether the U.S. Federal Reserve will allow the bank to start returning capital to shareholders in a meaningful way for the first time since the financial crisis.
The corporate logo of financial firm Morgan Stanley is pictured on a building in San Diego, California September 24, 2013. REUTERS/Mike Blake
But even if the Wall Street bank gets the Fed's blessing to buy back more shares and potentially raise its dividend, it is unlikely to hit a shareholder return target Chief Executive James Gorman set out for this year, analysts and investors said.
The target, called return on equity (ROE), measures how much profit a bank makes using shareholder funds. An ROE of at least 10 percent would show that Morgan Stanley can earn enough to pay for new capital and signal that the bank is past the restructuring it needed to make after the financial crisis. Morgan Stanley's annual return on equity has languished below 10 percent since 2006.
If the bank cannot jump that hurdle in the near term, which could be done by boosting profits, buying back shares, or both, shareholders may get impatient and demand that management outline a bolder strategy to boost profits.
“They should be generating double-digit ROEs, and if they aren't, what are they going to do about it?” said Mike Mayo, a longtime bank analyst at CLSA. They raised a similar question at Morgan Stanley's annual meeting last year, prompting Gorman to say the bank would meet the 10 percent target some time in 2014.
STRESS TEST PASSED
Last week, the Fed said Morgan Stanley passed its annual stress test, a requirement of the Dodd-Frank financial reform legislation that examines how well big banks' balance sheets would hold up in hypothetical crises.
As part of the test, banks submitted capital plans, including how much they would like to spend buying back stock and paying out dividends. On Wednesday, the Fed will say whether those plans have been approved, and how much each bank can spend.
Morgan Stanley, the sixth largest U.S. bank by assets, has been paying only a nominal dividend since the financial crisis and has not had a meaningful stock buyback program since 2006.
Gorman recently referred to Morgan Stanley's 5-cent quarterly dividend as “distressed,” even though they said the bank is in a position of financial strength. Bank of America Corp and Citigroup Inc pay lower quarterly dividends of a penny, while Goldman Sachs Group Inc pays 55 cents, JPMorgan Chase & Co pays 38 cents and Wells Fargo & Co pays 30 cents. All of those banks bought back more stock than Morgan Stanley last year in dollar terms.
Morgan Stanley has paid little cash back to investors because it had a bigger priority: funding its purchase of the Smith Barney brokerage business from Citigroup, a deal executed over four and a half years that was finished in June and ultimately cost Morgan Stanley $11.7 billion.
“We have been, for the last couple of years, quite conservative and deliberately so,” Gorman said in a recent interview with Fox Business Network. But, they added, now that the bank has clearly recovered from the crisis, they want capital returns to reflect that strength.
Morgan Stanley declined to comment about its proposed buyback and dividend plans or the implications for ROE.
Despite some concerns of ROE, the stock was among the best performers in the financial sector last year, up 64 percent in 2013, and shares have more than doubled since their post-crisis low of $12.36 in 2012. Shares are up 3.4 percent year-to-date, closing at $32.44 on Monday.
Some investors and analysts say it is less important that Morgan Stanley hits Gorman's return-on-equity goal this year than that its returns are moving in the right direction.
“They've had to get their balance sheet back in order, and now it's time to start sending some of that money toward shareholders,” said Michael Cuggino, president and portfolio manager of the Permanent Portfolio Family of Funds, which owns Morgan Stanley shares. “But they don't have 100 percent control when it comes to meeting their ROE targets. It gets back to the question of, ‘What does the Fed have to say?'”
WAITING FOR THE FED
How much the Fed will allow Morgan Stanley to spend on buybacks will affect how fast it can hit the 10 percent target, which would be more than double the 4.3 percent ROE it delivered in 2013.
Morgan Stanley's returns were weighed down by one-time litigation costs, an accounting charge and the cost of the Smith Barney purchase. This year's profits are expected to be helped by higher earnings from that business as well as a reduction of fixed-income trading assets that are costly under new regulations.
Although analysts expect Morgan Stanley's profits to jump 62 percent this year, many still describe Gorman's 2014 goal as aggressive.
It would require Morgan Stanley to exceed analysts' earnings expectations by a substantial amount, or buy back more stock than analysts expect the Fed to allow.
Morgan Stanley started buying back stock last year for the first time since 2006. It announced a $500 million repurchase program in July, and used $350 million worth of that authorization before year-end.
Even with This repurchases, Morgan Stanley's outstanding share count increased by 2 percent last year because of shares issued as part of compensation. By comparison, its chief rival Goldman Sachs has spent $21 billion repurchasing shares since 2010, reducing outstanding stock by 15 percent, and has increased its dividend twice.
Analysts are estimating that Morgan Stanley will buy back about $700 million worth of stock this year on a net basis, on average, according to ISI Group. The bank would need to buy back nearly 20 times that amount to hit a 10 percent ROE target, based on the average analyst earnings estimate.
Instead, analysts are forecasting a return-on-equity of 7.5 percent this year, on average, according to Thomson Reuters data. Next year, analysts estimate Morgan Stanley will reach an ROE of 8.6 percent, on average. Analysts do not expect the bank to hit 10 percent on a quarterly or annual basis in either year.
Full title reads: "Cork. 150 miles an hour on a motorcycle! Streamlined in every possible way even to their helmet - J S Wright and an O.E.C. - Jap-engined - wins back record for Britain from Germany."
Cork, Eire, Southern Ireland, Republic of Ireland.
Motorcyclist J S Wright gets ready for their record attempt. Their clothing is being strapped down to cut back on wind resistance. They even have tape put around their throat - this looks a little dangerous. BV of them wearing a streamlined motorcycle helmet.
Views of their streamlined OEC motorbike with its Jap engine. Mechanics are checking over the bike. The name "Jap" is shown on the engine (not sure this means it was made in Japan - MD).
Views of Wright preparing for their ride. Good CU and MS of Wright as they get onto their bike and prepares to start off.
Shots of the bike being towed behind a car to get up to starting speed.
Shots of the motorcycle making several passes at high speed along very straight stretch of road. Good shot as bike passes under banner advertising BP (British Petroleum) Motor Spirit.
N.B. Joseph S Wright of Great Britain broke the speed record at 150.74 mph on 6/11/30.
Ethereum's present reliance on Proof of Work (PoW) mining is not ideal, and while we continue to work with gusto towards a Proof of Stake solution (PoS), we have to live with PoW as gracefully as possible (at least until the eventual switch!). Meanwhile, in the interest of overall network health, mining decentralization and diversity is a clear imperative:
[caption id=”attachment_2623” align=”alignnone” width=”622”] Mining Pool Diversity from March 28 via https://etherchain.org/statistics/miners[/caption]
Though there are some instances of open source Ethereum pool mining software available, the uptake has been low, and there appears to be a large efficiency gap between proprietary and available open source pool software.
We propose to change that.
As of today, the Ethereum Foundation is offering a bounty to a developer or team who wishes to begin this project, based on the “performance” of the end result:
100 ETH per % hashpower that adopts the software, up to a maximum of 8% per independently controlled pool or 33% total, whichever is lesser. (eg. pools A,B,C with 6% each -> 1800 ETH, pool A with 25% + pool B with 5% -> 1300 ETH, pools A,B,C,D,E with 7% each -> 3300 ETH)
To support development in the meantime, DEVgrants will add an additional $10,000 grant, once the project is underway.
We are open to a variety of approaches, so long as the end result provides an easy-to-setup mining pool under a permissible source license that offers similar returns to existing ethereum mining pools (dwarfpool, ethermine, etc). We will award the bounty to the project that we find the most interesting and viable.
For applicants who don't shy away from the heat of public debate, please leave a 1-2 paragraph proposal in this reddit thread. Vitalik and others will review the content and discuss its merits publicly. If, on the other hand, you wish to make your proposal in private, you may email [email protected]. Please note however that your project will be publicly disclosed (and inevitably discussed ad nauseum) in due course.
We welcome everyone to put their heads together on solving this issue, seeing it as yet another opportunity for the awesome Ethereum community to rise to the occasion!
Ryanair pilots in Germany have announced they will go ahead with the four-hour stoppage tomorrow.
All 16 flights planned by the company in German airports from 5am to 9am will be affected.
The German pilots' association Vereinigung Cockpit said its negotiations with the company yesterday ended without results.
The union said Ryanair representatives had refused to engage with two of VC's representatives at the talks.
It said: "This refusal clearly shows that the principles of trade union autonomy are disregarded by Ryanair and that the company does not truly desire to enter into constructive negotiations.
"Ryanair's public offer to conduct negotiations with VC can only be classified as a further publicity stunt."
Head of VCs' Industrial Department Ingolf Schumacher said: "In the history of the VC, there has never been a case in which the collective bargaining autonomy has been trampled on by an employer as it is now the case with Ryanair.
"This makes it clear to VC that the company is not interested in a mutually constructive cooperation, based on trust and equality. Rather, Ryanair is trying to win time and attempting to delay the beginning of collective bargaining."
Ryanair Chief Operations Officer Peter Bellew said they were surprised by the decision and they urged pilots to respect that it was Christmas time and to get people home on time.
Mr Bellew said they saw no reason for the disruption and believed they could have reached an agreement when they met in January.
Ryanair Chief Operations Officer Peter Bellew reacts to tomorrow's four-hour stoppage called by the German pilots' union pic.twitter.com/wa2g6KzSJX — RTÉ News (@rtenews) December 21, 2017
In a statement this evening, Ryanair has said it "apologises sincerely to any German customers worried or affected by this threatened 4-hour strike tomorrow morning".
The airline said it had written to its German pilots asking them to work as normal tomorrow to avoid disruption, and have described the action as "unnessesary" and "unjustified".
The airline added: "We advise all customers in Germany to turn up as normal tomorrow, as we plan to operate all scheduled flights, and we will be doing our upmost to minimise any disruptions to the Christmas travel plans of our German customers."
It is understood that 16 flights across ten bases will be affected by the action, although the German airline pilots union admits that some of these flights will probably operate.
Union recognition decision was my idea, says Ryanair boss
Ryanair and German pilots discuss union recognition
Earlier, IMPACT said the airline had confirmed in writing that it recognised the union as the representative of pilots at the airline.
The union said it will meet Ryanair management on 3 January to agree a comprehensive recognition agreement that will establish collective bargaining procedures at the airline. As a result, the danger of industrial action by Irish-based pilots had receded.
IMPACT said it expects Ryanair to reach agreement on procedures quickly to allow both sides move on to negotiations on pay and conditions.
The union called off planned strike action after Ryanair last week announced that it would recognise trade unions for the first time in its 32-year history, but it said it would reverse the decision unless written confirmation was supplied.
"IMPACT said the company's confirmation that it recognised the union... and would conclude a comprehensive agreement, meant the danger of industrial action had receded for the present," it said in a statement.
The union's Assistant General Secretary Ashley Connolly said they would be reviewing Ryanair's status surrounding cabin crew, saying it would seem likely that management will recognise them.
"We will be engaging with Ryanair company council, which is made up of our Ryanair pilots, and we will be developing our agenda," they told RTÉ's News at One.
"It'll be around security, terms of conditions of employment for our Ryanair pilots. In normal industrial relations, we do engage on proposals around pay and that maybe part of our discussions with management going forward, but, I think, it's too early to say."
In a statement, Ryanair said it had sent a letter confirming that is recognising Impact and its Ryanair Company Pilot Council.
It added: "Ryanair has also submitted a set of proposals on pay and conditions, procedures and dispute resolution for its Irish based pilots, and looks forward to concluding an early agreement on these issues with its Irish Ryanair pilot company council."
Evan Cullen of IALPA said substantial progress had been made in recent months after what they described a lot of tough and difficult days.
They urged Ryanair to rebuild its relationships with Irish pilots and the pilot community in general.
Page Content
On Aug. 16, 1966, Iraqi Air Force Capt. Munir Radfa defected to Israel in a MiG-21 jet fighter. The MiG-21 was, at the time, a state-of-the-art Soviet aircraft and the pride of Russia's aircraft industry. The defection, orchestrated by the Israeli government, soon gave both Israel and the United States access to intelligence from a front-line Soviet fighter that the two nations would face in battle in the coming years.
Code-named “Fishbed-E” by NATO, the Mach 2 fighter posed a serious threat to Israel's ability to maintain air superiority in that nation's dangerous and tense neighborhood. In the air order of battle, the Israelis faced down enemy air forces that included 18 Fishbeds in Syria, 10 in Iraq, and 34 in Egypt.
At the time, the Israeli Air Force had nothing comparable to the MiG-21—the IAF was equipped with slower French-made Vautours and Mirage IIIC fighters. A 20-year arms embargo imposed by the US Congress had denied Israel modern aircraft such as the Lockheed F-104 Starfighter and the newer McDonnell Aircraft F-4 Phantom.
The MiG-21 demonstrates slow flight over the Nevada desert.
Following orders from then-Prime Minister Levi Eshkol, Israel's ultrasecret Mossad intelligence agency had orchestrated the Iraqi pilot's defection. Mossad officers reportedly cultivated Radfa's frustration on being passed over for promotion due to their Christian origins.
In addition, Mossad officers learned that—following completion of a US military training course—Radfa had become excited about life in the West.
On the morning of their fateful training-flight-turned-defection, Radfa's MiG was fitted with a 108-gallon auxiliary fuel tank. This ensured they would have adequate fuel for the 560-mile flight to Israel.
After climbing to 30,000 feet, Radfa departed Iraqi airspace with no problem, but over Jordan, they were intercepted by two Royal Jordanian Air Force Hawker Hunters which attempted to make radio contact.
Although they got no reply from Radfa, they allowed them to continue on, presumably because of the Iraqi insignia on their aircraft.
As prearranged, Radfa was met at the Israeli border by two IAF Mirage IIIs whose pilots escorted them to a safe landing.
With Radfa's assistance, Israeli test pilot Dani Shapira began a detailed evaluation of the MiG-21, according to a later account published in Israel News.
After testing in Israel, the aircraft was moved to the US government's secret Nevada airfield commonly known as Area 51 or Groom Lake. It was here—birthplace of the Mach 3-cruising SR-71 “Blackbird” and the stealthy F-117—that the US had the opportunity to put the MiG-21 through its paces.
Redesignated as the YF-110, the Fishbed's test and evaluation project was code-named Have Doughnut.
Because the MiG-21 was then doing battle in Vietnam, US analysts sought urgently to determine the MiG's performance, compared to select US aircraft, and to formulate tactics for both defensive and offensive maneuvering. The Have Doughnut test objectives were to evaluate the airplane's effectiveness as a day fighter-interceptor and its secondary role in ground attack.
The aircraft at Groom Lake flight test center.
What DIA Found
While its armament was adequate for an interceptor, US analysts found the Fishbed's gunsight deficient.
“The tracking index drifts off the bottom of the windscreen when tracking targets in excess of three Gs,” reads a declassified report from the Defense Intelligence Agency. Typical of delta-wing aircraft, the airspeed bleed-off during high-G turns was excessive. This speed-bleed decreased the MiG's turn radius, however, and the G force could be sustained at slower speeds than comparable US fighters.
Obviously, in a turning fight, this gave the Fishbed a tactical advantage.
The DIA assessment identified several major aerodynamic limitations in the MiG-21. These included:
Exceptionally heavy pitch force required above 685 mph.
Severe buffeting below 15,000 feet when approaching 685 mph or a .98 indicated Mach number.
Exceptionally slow engine acceleration from idle to full military power.
Poor directional stability in turbulence.
The heavy pitch forces at high speed limited the pilot's ability to recover from a diving attack or maneuver while approaching and departing the target area. This was no doubt intended to prevent overstress problems during pull up from a target. However for a fighter-bomber it made “high pitch rates difficult or impossible to achieve.”
Thus, the US analysts determined, recovery during dive-bombing, strafing, or air-to-ground rocket firing was problematic.
A test pilot carefully performs a preflight check. Testers were tasked with evaluating the aircraft's effectiveness in comparison to US fighters.
One of the most significant findings was the discovery that below 15,000 feet, the aircraft could not go supersonic. At low altitude, the severe buffeting simply prevented it from exceeding airspeeds of 685 mph or .98 Mach. This airspeed limitation was a major exploitable design flaw.
Later in the Vietnam War, US F-105Ds and F-4s typically approached an aerial target at 633 mph then departed well in excess of 702 mph—often supersonic.
The exceptionally slow engine acceleration was a characteristic that had been corrected in American jet engines in the 1950s. The MiG-21 engine was technologically behind its US counterparts, so spool-up from idle to full military power required 14 seconds, with a tendency to hang up in the process. This could lead to hot compressor stall or engine overtemperature.
Another exploitable discovery: The Fishbed's afterburner marked the aircraft's location by producing white puffs of unburned fuel when it was engaged or disengaged. This was small consolation, however, because the MiG pilot's ability to visually acquire their own aerial targets was similarly aided by the smoke trail left by the engines of all contemporary American jet fighters.
A special limitation for the day-visual conditions fighter-interceptor was the front and rear visibility. Forward visibility through the gunsight was restricted by the combination of a bulletproof glass slab and the windscreen.
Visibility in the 50-degree tailcone, meanwhile, was handicapped by the protective seat flap over the pilot's head and the narrow design of the ship's canopy and fuselage structure.
For the point interceptor role, the MiG-21's basic weapons included a 30 mm cannon loaded with 60 rounds of ammunition and two AA-2 “Atoll” heat-seeking missiles.
The Soviet-built Atoll missiles were copies of the US-made AIM-9 Sidewinder. Communist forces had obtained a Sidewinder when a Nationalist Chinese F-86F pilot fired one at a MiG-17. The AIM-9 failed to explode—but lodged in the MiG-17's fuselage. Using reverse engineering, the Sidewinder was copied by the USSR and became the standard Soviet air-to-air missile for the MiG-21 and other fighters.
Flaps and gear down, the MiG comes in for a landing during tests in Nevada.
Unaware Victims
In the air-to-ground role, the MiG-21 had the 30 mm cannon and could carry two pods containing a total of 32 57 mm folding-fin aerial rockets.
The cannon proved potentially lethal against tanks. When strafing, however, DIA analysts found there was considerable pipper (gunsight) jitter during firing. The aircraft's high speed-low altitude stability in rough air was also deemed unsatisfactory.
It is noteworthy that by the time the US became heavily engaged in the Vietnam War, the Soviet sponsors and North Vietnamese Air Force commanders very effectively planned around the Fishbed's limitations. They never committed their fighters unless there was a good chance of success and subsequent escape. In fact, in 80 percent of the North Vietnamese Air Force kills, the victims were unaware they were under attack.
As USAF's “Red Baron” study of aerial warfare in Vietnam determined, before the US obtained effective radar coverage of North Vietnam, the winner of an air engagement usually initiated the combat from a position of nearly unbeatable advantage.
Typically, DIA found, the Fishbeds were “vectored into the rear hemisphere for a high-speed, single-pass attack,” generally from a cross-course intercept.
For example, when US fighters were bombing targets north of Hanoi, such as the Paul Doumer Bridge, enemy MiG-21s would be vectored by ground control intercept radar from Chinese airspace to a position behind the Phantoms.
As the F-4s pulled up from their target, the MiGs would launch Atoll missiles and zoom back to political sanctuary in China. Air forces called these attacks “blow-throughs.”
At high altitude the Fishbed's small size made it very difficult to visually acquire or keep in sight while maneuvering. In a frontal or trailing attack, its slight silhouette also made it difficult to acquire on radar.
Seriously complicating air superiority efforts was the fact that North Vietnamese airfields, parked aircraft, command centers, and main radar installations were forbidden targets.
During the late 1960s, thanks to this combination of technical strengths, tactical advantages, and political protections, MiG-21s shot down more American F-4s and F-105s than the US was able to kill in return.
Despite its sleek shape, the MiG-21's performance at high altitude was found inferior to the F-4, F-105D, and F-104. The Fishbed's top speed was Mach 2.05, whereas the F-4 and F-105D were both capable of about Mach 2.14.
The F-104 Starfighter was limited only by a rise in skin temperature that took place at about Mach 2.21.
Despite being heavier, both the F-105D and F-4 were found basically superior to the MiG-21. Maintaining a high airspeed and avoiding turning engagements was the key to US success, although the F-4 was also aerodynamically superior in a vertical contest.
The aircraft was kept inside a hangar much of the time, the better to avoid Soviet reconnaissance satellites.
The Have Doughnut tests showed the F-4 had the capability “to control an engagement below 15,000 feet by exploiting the MiG-21 airspeed limitation and airspeed bleed-off characteristic at high G.” In a visual encounter, the recommendation was to get behind the MiG and operate “in the vertical” during air combat maneuvering.
The Soviet fighter's slow engine spool-up was a special handicap. The 14-second acceleration from idle to full power made formation flying difficult for the MiG pilots, and formation maneuvers required constant use of speed brakes and rapid throttle movement.
Using full military power up to about 30,000 feet, the F-4 accelerated much faster than the MiG-21. Below 15,000 feet, the advantage was even greater as the F-4 could easily accelerate to above the Fishbed's subsonic top speed. In the zoom maneuver—from low altitude to 30,000 feet with full military power—the Phantom had a significant advantage. In afterburner, the F-4 held a slight advantage in a zoom to 20,000 feet.
In instantaneous hard (high-G) turns that the MiG-21's delta wing allowed a tight turning radius superior to all the major US fighters in Vietnam. Have Doughnut's DIA analysts therefore warned against participating in “prolonged maneuvering engagements,” aka dogfighting. Analysts recommended that pilots press an attack only if they had an initial rear-hemisphere advantage. In particular, F-105 Thunderchief pilots were advised to emulate the MiG-21's hit-and-run tactics.
The Results
This advice was confirmed by the actual combat results in the skies over North Vietnam. “The American fighters flew faster than ours: We had to force them to turn,” North Vietnamese MiG ace Luu Huy Chao told Ralph F. Wetterhahn, a former F-4 pilot. When US fighters got sucked into turning engagements, their superior speed “did not matter,” they said. “We just made use of an appropriate angle to cut their [circle], and our guns became effective.”
The F-105D proved surprisingly effective against the Fishbed-E. The Thunderchief could easily exceed the MiG's top speeds, but maintaining high speed at low altitude was the key to survival. “Thud” pilots regularly departed heavily defended targets at supersonic speed.
The final USAF MiG kill of the Vietnam War occurred Jan. 8, 1973. The engagement took place in Route Pack 3, 80 miles southwest of Hanoi—after the cessation of the Christmas bombing in the north under Linebacker II. Capt. Paul D. Howman and weapons system officer 1st Lt. Lawrence W. Kullman were leading a predawn MiG CAP, protecting B-52s bombing surface-to-air missile sites around Vinh.
Red Crown, the Navy's shipborne radar control platform, identified a MiG-21 65 miles to the northeast, but the MiG came off the radar scope. Howman found it again when they spotted the flame of the Fishbed's afterburner and was able to maneuver behind the MiG.
The engagement ended the way the Have Doughnut analysts had suggested years before: “By orienting an attack towards the Fishbed-E's blind [rear] cone in lag pursuit-type maneuvering, ... the F-4 can defeat the MiG-21.”
USAF finished the war Jan. 28, 1973 with a two-to-one overall kill-loss ratio. The Air Force had downed 137 MiGs, with 65 aircraft (including bombers) lost to MiGs.
The North Vietnamese pilots were carefully trained and competent warriors. Their top ace, Nguyen Van Coc, was credited with seven aircraft and two Firebee unmanned aerial vehicles destroyed. Their aircraft victories included two Air Force F-4s, one Navy F-4B, two “Wild Weasel” F-105Fs, one F-105D, and the only F-102A kill of the war.
Maj. Fred Cuthill, a test pilot, straps into the Have Doughnut aircraft's cockpit. Assisting is Maj. Jerry Larsen.
Enemy command and control was excellent, too. North Vietnamese interceptors were expertly guided by their ground controllers, who set up the MiGs perfectly to ambush the American fighters. MiG interceptors used their advantages in ambush and hit-and-run tactics to great effect.
Despite facing worthy opponents and severe political constraints throughout the war, Air Force fighter crews ended the war with a positive kill-loss ratio. The bulk of the credit for this goes to USAF's airmen, but the knowledge gleaned by testing a front-line MiG-21 borrowed from Israel surely contributed to the success.
John Lowery is a veteran Air Force fighter pilot and freelance writer.  They are authored of five books on aircraft performance and aviation safety. Their most recent aricle for Air Force Magazine, “Zoom Climb,” appeared in the February 2005 issue.
We would like to thank Steve Davies for providing photos and caption information for this article.
Rep. Ron DeSantis (Facebook)
The gunman who shot Republican whip Steve Scalise asked about political affiliation before opening fire on lawmakers practicing for a congressional baseball game.
Rep. Ron DeSantis (R-FL) left practice shortly before the shooting, and they believe they spoke with the gunman briefly before getting into a car with their staffers about 7:10 a.m., reported Fox News.
“There was a guy that walked up to us that was asking whether it was Republicans or Democrats out there,” DeSantis said. “It was just a little odd, and then they kind of walked toward the area where all this happened.”
The Florida Republican said the man was not carrying anything when they spoke to him, but DeSantis believes they fired the shots a short time later.
“There was no one that was obviously walking around with a rifle at the time, but it was just a little odd that they kind of really, you know, walked up to us and asked and then went ahead — it was probably about three minutes, five minutes after we pulled out of the parking lot,” DeSantis said.
A family of asylum seekers is taken into custody after crossing the border into Canada from the United States on March 28, 2017, near Hemmingford, Quebec. (Paul Chiasson/The Canadian Press via AP)
Candidates for leadership of Canada's Conservative Party are calling for drastic measures to halt the flow of asylum seekers fleeing the United States into Canada, including deployment of the Canadian army to detain would-be refugees as they cross the border.
This get-tough approach reflects public opinion surveys that show a hardening of attitudes among some Canadians toward the asylum seekers and immigration in general, placing political pressure on the Liberal government of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.
Canadian news recently has been full of images of migrants trudging across snow-covered fields and through icy ditches, hauling small children and suitcases as they cross into Quebec, Manitoba and other provinces from U.S. border states. The phenomenon has gained momentum since Donald Trump was elected president in November.
Kevin O'Leary, a reality-TV celebrity and neophyte politician who has taken a Trump-like approach to their quest for the Conservative leadership, says that ­illegal crossings are “unacceptable” and that Canada must beef up its border security to avert a flood of refugees. “I don't want what's happening in Europe to happen in Canada,” they said in a recent campaign video.
[Here's how Canadians want Trudeau to handle Trump]
An asylum claimant and their two daughters cross the border into Canada from the United States Friday, March 17, 2017, near Hemmingford, Quebec. (Paul Chiasson/The Canadian Press via AP)
O'Leary, considered a leading contender in the May 27 leadership vote, seeks a new law to prevent asylum seekers from getting refugee hearings if they cross the border illegally. They admit that the measure would contravene Canada's Charter of Rights and Freedoms but wants to use a special constitutional clause to permit an override of those ­protections.
Another top leadership hopeful, Maxime Bernier, a member of Parliament from Quebec, would go even further. If more police and the border security agents fail to stop the flow of migrants, “I would look at additional temporary measures, including deploying Canadian forces in troubled border areas,” they said.
According to the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, the force intercepted 1,134 asylum seekers crossing the border outside regular ports of entry in January and February, with most of the crossings taking place in Quebec, British Columbia and Manitoba. The force said it does not have comparable figures for the same period in 2016.
Under a 2002 agreement with the United States, asylum seekers must make their claims in the first safe country where they ­arrive, or they can be turned back. That means asylum claimants ­arriving at a Canadian land border can be rejected automatically when coming from the United States. But there is an exception if refugees cross into Canada ­unofficially and then make their claim.
[Canada's immigrant policy isn't quite that dreamy]
Alex Neve, secretary general of Amnesty International Canada, said that “it's 150 percent politics” that is motivating the Conservative leadership aspirants. “How many thousands of kilometers of border are we talking about? Are we going to have military patrols along the border?” Neve said.
They also noted that the numbers remain small compared with the thousands of asylum seekers and resettled refugees who enter Canada every year, including 40,000 refugees from Syria.
An asylum claimant pleads to Royal Canadian Mounted Police officers for safe passage with their two daughters Friday, March 17, 2017, near Hemmingford, Quebec. (Paul Chiasson/The Canadian Press via AP)
“I think it's important not to suggest that we are even remotely in the realm of a crisis,” they said.
An Ipsos survey published last week by Thomson-Reuters said that 48 percent of respondents wanted the migrants returned to the United States, while 36 percent wanted to allow them to remain and seek refugee status. A poll conducted for Radio-Canada, the French service of the Canadian Broadcasting Corp., showed that although most Canadians still see immigration as a strength for the country, 37 percent think there is too much of it and 25 percent want to see a Trump-like ban on Muslim immigration.
The Trudeau government hit back at suggestions that the border situation was out of control.
“There is no ‘free ticket to Canada' for those attempting to slip across the border,” said an official in the office of Immigration Minister Ahmed Hussen. “Once irregular crossers are on Canadian soil, they are apprehended, identified, subject to security and health checks, and dealt with according to Canadian law.”
[More students in U.S. look to head north]
Osaa Ahmed, a 37-year-old Ghanaian, is one of the irregular crossers now safely in Canada. They told The Washington Post that they fled Ghana last year to escape discrimination for their sexual orientation. They flew to Ecuador and then traveledthrough Colombia, Central America and Mexico with the aim of getting to the United States.
When Ahmed reached the U.S. border at Brownsville, Tex., they presented themselves to U.S. authorities and asked for asylum. “The next thing I knew, they chained me up,” they said. After initially being detained in Texas, they were transferred to a jail in Pennsylvania, where they had a hearing with immigration authorities. Their request for asylum was denied.
Freed while awaiting deportation to Ghana, Ahmed traveled to Minneapolis, where a friend suggested they seek asylum in Canada. In November they took a bus to Grand Forks, N.D., got into a taxi with a fellow Ghanaian and headed to the border.
“He dropped us in a farm field. They pointed us to some lights and told us to go there,” Ahmed said. They ended up walking for six or seven hours through the night before turning up in the town of Emerson, Manitoba.
Police took them to border officials, who registered and fingerprinted them. “They gave us hot tea and a warm blanket because all our clothes were wet,” Ahmed said.
They then traveled to Winnipeg, where they had their refugee hearing Feb. 22.
“I was granted refugee status in Canada,” Ahmed said. “I'm so happy.”  They are sharing an apartment, waiting for their work permit and planning to return to a university.
“It's excellent,” they said. “Much, much better than the U.S. Here in Canada, they give you respect.”
Read more
Today's coverage from Post correspondents around the world
Like Washington Post World on Facebook and stay updated on foreign news
The Department of Energy's recently released grid study dominated the nomination hearing for two federal energy regulators this week as senators sought to ascertain their views on providing financial support for baseload generators.
In the hearing before the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee, Senate aide Richard Glick and energy lawyer Mark McIntyre, both nominated to sit on the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC), gave little direct indication of how they would use the study's recommendations to shape policymaking. But the debate illustrated how both sides of the political spectrum are deploying the report's findings to bolster their views on the power sector transformation.
The hearing, which also considered the nominations of two Department of Interior officials, touched on FERC's jurisdiction over state energy policies, particularly nuclear supports.
The DOE staff study, released Aug. 23, found that the retirement of baseload coal and nuclear generators has not threatened reliability to this point. However, it also recommended that FERC explore how to better compensate generators for their resiliency benefits if the commission concludes reliability is under threat in the future.
Environmentalists and clean energy advocates fear that recommendation will be used by fossil fuel interests and their allies to push for financial supports to prop up coal plants that are otherwise uneconomic in the nation's wholesale markets. Sen. John Barrasso (R-WY) took up that line in their questions for the nominees.
“The study expresses concerns that wholesale electricity markets do not adequately compensate coal and nuclear baseload power generation resources,” Barrasso said. “If this problem continues, baseload plants continue to be taken offline, the study concludes that reliability and resilience of the nation's power grid may be at risk.”
Barrasso asked the nominees what action they would take “to improve how electricity markets compensate this baseload power generation.” Both nominees, however, said it would be “inappropriate” to give specific policy recommendations, as FERC has ongoing business on the subject.
“[FERC has] convened a series of conferences earlier this year on price formation in the energy markets with a particular eye toward issues along those lines,” said McIntyre, head of the energy practice at law firm Jones Day. “If confirmed to FERC, I would commit to looking very carefully at this issue and giving it the attention it deserves.”
The nominees did stress that FERC does not have the authority to shape the nation's fuel mix directly. When Barrasso asked the pair if they agreed with a statement from acting FERC Chairman Neil Chatterjee that coal plants should be "properly compensated to recognize the value they provide to the system," the nominees demurred.
“The importance of [baseload] resources cannot be denied,” said McIntyre, who will chair the commission if confirmed. “However, FERC is not an entity whose role includes choosing fuels for the generation of electricity. FERC's role rather is to ensure that the markets for the electricity generated by those facilities proceed in accordance with law.”
Glick, a Democratic Senate aide to the Energy and Commerce Committee, said changing plant compensation is a “question of reliability.” Turning the grid study's analysis around, they told Barrasso that its findings indicate that enhanced compensation may not be necessary at present.
“The Department of Energy grid study that was released recently ... essentially suggests that the significant loss of baseload generation — both coal and nuclear — has not impaired reliability to date but also suggested it was something to keep an eye on in the future,” they said. “So, I think FERC and the DOE should keep an eye on that.”
Barrasso's comments on the grid study contrasted those of their Democratic counterparts on the Energy and Commerce Committee. Sen. Martin Heinrich (D-NM) outlined the environmental critique of the study to set up their questioning.
“I am concerned that the term ‘baseload power' has potentially become less of an engineering term and more of a political term in recent years,” Heinrich said. “In particular, the indication within that report that potentially FERC should modify existing competitive markets for bulk power as an attempt to either prop up or subsidize central generation power technologies that are no longer cost competitive.”
Glick reiterated that changes to baseload plant compensation would have to come in the form of an initiative to preserve reliability or resiliency, and that they don't see that as an immediate issue. McIntyre again promised to give the issue close consideration.
“The commission does not have the authority, nor should it, to prop up a failing technology,” Glick said. “The DOE grid study suggests there are some reliability attributes that those technologies provide … that the loss of those technologies — the loss of the baseload generation — has not had an impact on reliability, but like I said before, it's worth looking at and continuously studying.”
Sen. Angus King (I-ME), who caucuses with Democrats, said they were “disturbed that the term baseload has become a political term and not necessarily a scientific term.” They implored the nominees to “go with the science” in making power sector decisions and “not get tangled up, advertently or inadvertently, in favoring one technology over another.”
McIntyre reiterated that FERC “does not pick fuels for different generating resources,” and said they would base their decisions on science, “which I would expand somewhat to include the characteristics of reliability, economics and the other features that are important to satisfying the energy needs of our nation.”
The hearing also hit on state energy policies, with Democratic senators seeking to confirm that the nominees would not interfere with renewable energy or nuclear power supports. Sen. Tammy Duckworth (D-IL), whose state passed nuclear energy supports last year, sought “reassurance” that states are “the focal place” for policies that shape the fuel mix.
With independent generators challenging the Illinois and New York nuclear supports at FERC, the nominees stayed away from concrete statements on their legality. Glick, however, said they believe the Supreme Court's decision in Hughes v. Talen Energy “essentially outlined how states can affect resource decisions so they do not interfere with FERC's jurisdiction.”
That 2016 decision held that states can take actions to promote generation resources that are not directly tethered to wholesale market participation, which falls under FERC's jurisdiction. Legal scholars largely viewed that distinction as vague, but federal judges in New York and Illinois both ruled in July that the nuclear subsidies fall within state authority. Litigation is ongoing.
Without touching on the nuclear subsidies, McIntyre endorsed states' power to create renewable energy standards. “We do have a federal system of law,” they said. “FERC has its role and the states have theirs and there is no question that states have the authority to create RPSs.”
FERC's options
How the newly constituted FERC will handle reliability and jurisdictional issues remains to be seen. In August, the Senate confirmed two Republicans — Chatterjee and Pennsylvania utility regulator Robert Powelson — to join former Chair Cheryl LaFleur (D) on the panel.
The move allowed FERC to regain its quorum after losing it in February in the wake of former Chairman Norman Bay's resignation. Sen. Lisa Murkowski (R-AK), chair of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee, indicated after the hearing that they hope to confirm Glick and McIntyre in the coming weeks.
If the new FERC decides that reliability could be at risk from baseload plant retirements, legal analysts say it has broad power to alter plant compensation.
“FERC has very broad authority to consider not just reliability but the broader concept of resilience under the Federal Power Act and really set whatever terms and conditions it thinks are most appropriate to ensure the adequacy of service under the grid,” Andrew Weissman, senior counsel at the Washington law firm Pillsbury, told Utility Dive in an interview.
Policy options could come from individual market operators or FERC itself, they said. At present, PJM is considering strategies to better compensate for plants' resiliency characteristics. PJM and ISO-New England are exploring two-part capacity auctions to handle subsidized resources, and the New York ISO is implementing a more robust price on carbon.
If FERC takes up the resiliency mantle, Weissman said solutions could look similar to reliability programs already active in the nation's wholesale markets.
“They could, for example, come up with some criteria for determining what generating units … are essential for adequacy of future service,” Weissman said. “Then, with respect to those units, they could create a new category to provide cost-of-service recovery, just as they do for reliability must-run units currently, and socialize the costs of providing that cost recovery.”
Another potential policy solution could be to devise adders to capacity payments for plants deemed essential for resiliency.
“In the past they've approved a fixed adder in MISO that MISO determined was necessary for the future operation of the grid,” Weissman said. “They could — and in my view they actually should — seriously consider providing a super capacity payment as a significant add-on to the capacity payment for units they conclude are essential to the long-term adequacy of service in the wholesale markets.”
Such market reforms, either at the RTO or federal level, are controversial with environmentalists and clean energy advocates, who say they will do little more than prop up uncompetitive, inefficient generation with minimal impacts on generator revenues or reliability. But Weissman said that FERC's jurisdiction to ensure adequate service could extend to environmental impacts like climate change, if the commission chooses to do so.
“FERC has plenty of authority to take into account impacts on the environment in its ratemaking,” Weissman said. “Obviously whether it should or not is something people have strong views about, but if you're asking the lawyer's question of whether they have authority to act, I think the answer is certainly yes.”
MUNICH (Reuters) - Support for the Alternative for Germany (AfD), a right-wing party that backs a tough line on immigration, has risen to its highest level in nearly four months as an influx of refugees from the Middle East gathers pace, a poll showed on Tuesday.
The INSA poll for German daily Bild showed support for the AfD, which was dogged by infighting in the first half of the year and saw its founder break away to form a new party, climbing to 5.5 percent, its highest level since late May.
The survey also showed support for German Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservative bloc slipping 1.5 points to 40 percent, still the strongest party by far, but its lowest reading since late June.
Merkel was feted in Germany earlier this month for opening Germany's borders to refugees fleeing war in Syria, Afghanistan and Iraq, but has since backtracked amid an outcry from the leaders of Germany's 16 federal states.
“The refugee crisis is pulling the conservatives down and pushing the AfD over the 5 percent threshold,” INSA head Hermann Binkert told Bild.
Presenting its asylum policy at a news conference in Berlin last Monday, the AfD backed the introduction of border controls to stem the tide of refugees entering Germany from Hungary, via Austria.
Over the weekend, Merkel bowed to pressure from state premiers, including Bavarian leader Horst Seehofer, and agreed to such controls.
Bernd Lucke, an economics professor who founded the AfD in 2013 primarily as a platform for opposing euro zone bailouts, was ousted as leader of the party in early July after a bitter public row with leaders of the AfD's east German wing.
Frauke Petry, a 40-year-old former chemist and business person who led the AfD's successful run in three eastern state elections last year by espousing a tough line on immigration and virtually ignoring euro zone issues, now runs the party.
Lucke, decrying a xenophobic shift in the AfD, has since left and founded a new party, the Alliance for Progress and Renewal (ALFA).
Police have seized a white station wagon from the home of a person of interest in the disappearance of NSW toddler William Tyrrell.
9NEWS understands the car was taken by police from the home of convicted pedophile Tony Jones on September 16.
Jones, 59, was sentenced to three years jail yesterday after pleading guilty to the indecent assault of a child. The child involved was not William.
Jones was a member of a grandparents social group and is a former neighbour of Bill Spedding, another person of interest in the case.
No one has been arrested or charged over William's disappearance on September 12, 2014.
Police issued an appeal for information into these cars seen in the area on the morning William disappeared. (60 Minutes) (60 Minutes)
The three-year-old had been playing in the backyard of their grandmother's home at Benaroon Drive in Kendall on the NSW mid-north coast when they vanished.
Earlier this month police issued an appeal on 60 Minutes for information into four cars seen in the area on the morning William disappeared.
One of the cars they were searching for was a white station wagon.
The car seized is currently being examined by forensic investigators.
Anyone with information is urged to contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000.
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
Good Thursday Morning, Fellow Seekers.
Donald Trump made history last November when they became the first Republican to snap a four-decade Democratic stranglehold on Pennsylvania's presidential vote.
Trump won in traditionally Democratic strongholds in the southwest and northeast. And they put up a serious fight in the Philadelphia suburbs, eating into rival Hillary Clinton's margins on their way to a win in a key electoral battleground.
A new Franklin & Marshall poll out this morning contains some good news for Gov. Tom Wolf as they head into a bruising 2018 re-election campaign. But the Democrat still has their work cut out for him.
Forty-one percent of voters in the poll say Wolf is doing a "good" or "excellent" job as they head into the midway point of the third year in office, while 52 percent who say he's doing a "fair" or "poor" job.
Those numbers are an improvement over a February Franklin & Marshall canvass. And they're in line with a recent Morning Call/Muhlenberg College poll, giving Wolf a 40 percent approval rating.
Those close to Wolf say they like the trend lines, arguing that he's gaining ground, and that, as voters begin tuning into the race, and Wolf starts telling their story, the numbers will only improve.
And that is true. But it's also true that Wolf has had a rough ride, and their administration was often its own worst enemy on matters of politics and policy.
While in office, Wolf has seen Democratic ranks in the state House and Senate shrink the historic levels, at first hamstringing, and then ultimately forcing them to abandon, the state sales and income tax hikes they say are needed to get the state onto sound fiscal footing.
Wolf has also struggled to enact one of their biggest 2014 campaign promises: a proposed severance tax on natural gas drillers.
But with the state facing a more than $1 billion deficit at the end of current fiscal year and an ever-ballooning pension debt, the Democratic administration -- and Republicans who control the General Assembly -- will be challenged to find the cash to make ends meet.
One Republican, in the Trump mold, state Sen. Scott Wagner, who like Wolf, hails from York County, has already declared their 2018 candidacy. Western Pennsylvania business person Paul Mango is expected to follow suit later this month.
A third man, state House Speaker Mike Turzai, R-Allegheny, who is deeply conservative, is strongly considering a bid for the top spot.
With that topography, the 2018 campaign will hardly be a cake-walk.
But, first, the polling good news: Wolf's approval ratings in the new Franklin & Marshall poll are at their highest levels since March 2015, when they clocked in at 38 percent.
Franklin & Marshall pollster G. Terry Madonna said Wolf's performance was similar to former Gov. Ed Rendell's approval rating at a similar point during their first term.
Back then, the Philadelphia Democrat (like Wolf is now) was fresh off a series of bruising budget battles with a Republican-controlled General Assembly.
Even still, Rendell scored legislative wins, going on to handily win re-election in 2006 against former Pittsburgh Steelers star Lynn Swann, a political neophyte.
Wolf's job-performance is also better than former Republican Gov. Tom Corbett's at the same point during their lone term in office, Madonna said.
Corbett was spared some protracted budget fights. But they were buffeted by criticism over deep cuts to K-12 and higher education spending and other state programs as they struggled to close a budget deficit.
"Wolf had a very tough first year," Madonna said, referring to the nine-month-long fight over Wolf's first budget proposal in 2015. "There isn't any doubt that they had a very aggressive agenda."
With their defeat of Corbett in 2014, Wolf broke a six-decade-old tradition of Democrats and Republicans swapping control of the Governor's Office every eight years.
But according to University of Virginia political analysts Geoffrey Skelley and Kyle Kondik, it's still too early make a call on whether Wolf will re-establish the so-called "Eight-Year Rule" as they launch their campaign.
As a matter of courtesy, because incumbents tend to start on first base, the two analysts say the state leans Democrat.
But everything else is up for grabs.
And now the bad news. And there's enough to go around.
The poll of 639 registered voters, which was conducted from May 1-7 with a margin of error of 4.9 percent, reveals issues across broad swaths of the electorate.
First, the view from 30,000 feet.
Despite boasting a majority of Democratic respondents, those voters are suffering an enthusiasm gap when it comes to Wolf.
Overall, more Republicans (69 percent) disapprove of Wolf than do Democrats who approve of them (55 percent).
Wolf suffers among both men (56-38 percent, give them poor marks) and, more narrowly, among women (49-42 percent, give them poor marks).
Voters across age groups similarly give them poor marks, with disdain running highest among respondents aged 55 and older (55-42 percent). Voters aged 35 and younger say, 49-36 percent, that Wolf has done a bad job. But there's also the most room to grow there, with 15 percent of those voters undecided.
Voters more inclined to support Trump - those with some college or a high school diploma or less - disapproved of Wolf's job performance. Those with a college degree were supportive, the poll showed.
Now the geography:
In southwestern and northeastern Pennsylvania, where Trump romped to become the first Republican presidential candidate to carry the state in three decades, 56 and 70 percent of voters respectively give Wolf poor marks.
In central Pennsylvania, 55 percent of respondents disapproved of Wolf; while 66 percent of voters in northwestern Pennsylvania responded the same way.
But even in areas of the state that went for Clinton or strongly supported her, Wolf finds themselves in trouble or, at minimum, in a situation where he'll have to build up their base.
Nearly 6 in 10 voters in Philadelphia disapprove of their job performance, the poll showed.
The oases?
That'd be the Philadelphia suburbs, where Clinton narrowly prevailed. In the southeast, 50 percent of respondents approve of Wolf's job performance. Nearly six in 10 (58 percent) of Allegheny County voters say the same, the poll showed.
Wolf's campaign manager, Jeffrey Sheridan, downplayed the results, pointing out that Wolf inherited a state government suffering from big deficits and deep cuts to education. Wolf restored the cuts and is righting the ship of state, they argued.
As they head out onto the campaign trail, Wolf will "continue to talk about their priorities and they know the people of Pennsylvania share those priorities," Sheridan said.
Republicans, meanwhile, smelled blood.
"Wolf is extremely vulnerable in 2018. They have gone from America's most liberal governor to America's most angry governor -- during last year's budget negotiations -- to now being America's most ineffective governor," Pennsylvania Republican Party Chairman Val DiGiorgio said in a statement. "Pennsylvania voters recognize that they have no message or vision for the Commonwealth and will hold them accountable for their lack of leadership and plans to tax everything from day care to assistant living services."
The 2018 gubernatorial primary is still a year away.
Barack Obama sent their pollster Jim Messina to the UK in 2014 with their blessing and a message to stop Ed Miliband winning the general election, it was claimed in a victory speech given by a Conservative Party co-chairperson the night of the election.
Lord Feldman's remarks are described in a new book on the 2015 election by two academics, Philip Cowley and Dennis Kavanagh.
Any suggestion that Obama had a preference for David Cameron over Labour, the Democrat's natural allies, will come as a shock to the Miliband camp.
The claim is made in a footnote in The British General Election of 2015, but the authors say they have double sourced Feldman's remarks that Messina was sent to help the Conservatives with Obama's “explicit approval”.
Messina's expertise was in identifying segments of voters, especially those most likely to respond to a central narrative built around economic security.
In 2014, Labour hired its own adviser from the Obama campaign team, David Axelrod, but for whatever reason they failed to have the same impact for the Miliband campaign.
According to the book, Messina was also important in identifying Miliband's unfitness for office. Conservative post-election analysis revealed that across its key seats, more than 80% of people who thought Miliband was not fit for office voted Conservative in the end, suggesting they were critical to the result.
The book also discloses that Russell Brand had decided and told the Labour campaign that they would back Miliband before they interviewed the Labour leader, even though the Labour campaign team pretended during the election that their endorsement depended on Miliband's answers to the questions posed by Brand in the interview.
The disclosure raises questions about whether Brand colluded with Miliband to string out their endorsement – the first tranche of the interview was produced on 29 April and the second tranche on 4 May.
Cowley and Kavanagh say three separate sources told them that Brand had agreed to endorse Miliband before the interview.
It has also been alleged that Brand tipped off a friend that they were due to interview Miliband at their house, and a picture of the Miliband team arriving at their east London house appeared on Twitter, so throwing the Labour team's media schedule into chaos.
The study also reports that Labour planned to offer the Liberal Democrats three cabinet seats in the event of a hung parliament, including deputy prime minister, Treasury chief secretary and education secretary. The precise formulation would have depended on the scale of Labour's dependence on the Lib Dems to secure an overall majority.
Cowley and and Kavanagh also examined the impact of the polling error during the election and the extent to which this led to a focus in the election coverage on the process issues around the election, such as how a hung parliament might work, as opposed to the policy issues raised.
The book argues: “If we assume the polls were as wrong throughout the parliament as they were on election day and adjust the voting intention polling data accordingly, then the polling crossover [ie Conservatives overtaking Labour] occurred sometime around July 2013, with the Conservative lead slowly but steadily increasing after that. Indeed Labour led and probably only narrowly for around 18 months between roughly March 2012 and July 2013.”
The authors say that if this is correct, it is possible to contend the 2010-15 parliament could have been very different. Alternative possibilities include a Labour ejection of Miliband as party leader in 2014, a Cameron decision to collapse the coalition early to prompt an election and a different result in Scotland.
The authors conclude: “If so this is a much bigger democratic problem than the polls being wrong during the six weeks of the short election campaign.”
The Argentinian has turned a young Spurs side into contenders for the Barclays Premier League title Glyn Kirk/AFP/Getty Images
Chelsea have identified Mauricio Pochettino, the Tottenham Hotspur head coach, as one of their four preferred candidates to succeed Guus Hiddink when the Dutchman's spell as interim manager ends this summer.
The Argentinian's impressive campaign, turning a young Spurs side into contenders not only for a Champions League place but also for the Barclays Premier League title, has convinced Chelsea that they could be the ideal long-term replacement for José Mourinho.
Diego Simeone, the Atletico Madrid coach, Jorge Sampaoli, who resigned from their post with Chile this month, and Didier Deschamps, who will lead France into Euro 2016 this summer, are also under consideration.
Roman Abramovich, the Chelsea owner, has not given up hope of persuading Pep Guardiola, the Bayern Munich coach who has advertised…
An urban fox is believed to have broken records after being tracked on a 195 mile journey to find a new home.
An urban fox is believed to have broken records after being tracked on a 195 mile journey to find a new home.
Fox tracked nearly 200 miles in quest for new home
The fox, nicknamed 'Fleet', trekked the equivalent distance of London to Manchester over the course of three weeks.
Experts say the three-year-old embarked on their long journey after they developed lungworm and was forced out of their territory by their son, Fennec.
The pair were fitted with GPS trackers as part of a University of Brighton study run with the BBC for its Winterwatch programme, hosted by wildlife expert Chris Packham.
Over 21 days the team tracked Fleet, originally from Hove, Sussex, on their expedition which is believed to be the longest recorded trip for a fox in the UK.
Starting on December 9 they travelled almost 200 miles through Sussex and into Kent, ending up in Rye, 55 miles away from their original home.
Lead by the university's assistant head of pharmacy and biomolecular sciences Dr Dawn Scott, the study saw the foxes tagged with global positioning system monitors.
Dr Scott said: "It's incredible. The GPS tracker updated us on locations every 30 minutes.
"The data from the study is really important to help us understand the behaviour of urban foxes and especially how they differ from the rural fox."
Initially the father-son duo happily hunted and lived together but the pair split after Fleet began showing the symptoms of lungworm.
Dr Scott explained: "There started to be a bit of competition for food and the younger fox began to show their dominance.
"We don't exactly know what happened but we think Fennec pushed them out and that pressure caused them to leave and try to find somewhere else.
"In Brighton and Hove we estimate there are 20 foxes per square kilometre, so there can be a lot of competition.
"We know they move between urban and rural areas but what happened next we were not expecting."
They added: "We know foxes travel to find new territory but we didn't expect to see one go quite so far.
"Especially as Fleet is an urban fox. They were born in Brighton and Hove and raised their young there."
Online Editors
Retired Minnesota Congressman Jim Ramstad is rumored to be Barack Obama's new "Drug Czar." The "Drug Czar" is the Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy (the term "Drug Czar" was invented by Joe Biden!), and their or their job is to release crappy PSAs about marijuana. Here is the problem: Ramstad, a recovering alcoholic, not only opposed medical marijuana and supported prosecution of people who use medical marijuana, but they also consistently opposed funding life-saving needle exchange programs throughout their entire congressional tenure. All these policies are in opposition to crazy liberal things Barack Obama said, during the campaign, about how he'd be less terrible re. drug policy.
Here is a fun fact: The Drug Czar is forbidden, by law, from supporting legalization of any drugs, including for medicinal purposes. This is per the office's congressional mandate, so barring a rather unlikely withdrawal of congressional authorization from the office, any Drug Czar appointed by any president will be required by law to state that medicinal marijuana will make you put your baby in the microwave and decriminalization will lead to your child becoming William S. Burroughs.
So hooray for Jim Ramstad, who will hopefully have not very much to do at all in the Obama administration, especially with most of the "crime-fighting" bits of the Drug Czar's portfolio being the Justice Department's turf, not that Eric Holder is that much better.
(Full disclosure: my stepmother ran for congress against Jim Ramstad a couple years ago! They lost.)
EXCLUSIVE: So what's the “gigantic project” Larry David and Jerry Seinfeld alluded to on Reddit last week? I can tell you because Larry told me last night while we cooled our heels at Soho House LA's big CAA party. Soho House LA is divided into two areas, the outside “patio” and the inside dining room. If you don't get to whatever event is going on and get right out on the patio, the LA Fire Marshall shuts it down for overcrowding. So Larry (and I) and a lot of A listers wound up on the dining room side, along with Sting and Trudie Styler, Alfre Woodard, Michael Fassbender, Brett Ratner, Ryan Coogler, Steve Coogan, and many many more. It was, as they say, LOL.
Larry, whose hilarious HBO movie “Clear History” I just re-watched, told me: “I've written a play.” A play? For, like, Broadway? “Yes.” And Jerry would star in it? “Maybe,” they said. “We're talking about it.” Or directing, or producing, sounds like. Don't forget, Jerry produced and directed Colin Quinn's one-man show on Broadway.
I miss “Curb Your Enthusiasm,” I told Larry. I can't report that they said, “Oh yes, I'm writing the new season.” I got the impression that the play– a comedy, of course– is the number 1 project on their plate. So there it is. Just a guess: Larry and Jerry could wind up debuting their play off Broadway, at something like the Atlantic Theater Company. It's where a lot of others– like Woody Allen and Ethan Coen– try out shows.
Meanwhile: Sting and Trudie were in town to see their new grandchild.
Alfre Woodard just accepted role in “Mississippi Grind” directed by Anna Boden and Ryan Fleck. Brett Ratner is busy finishing up “Hercules.” Bill Maher is preparing for a new season of “Real Time.” I met famed cinematographer Sean Bobbitt, who shot “12 Years a Slave” and “The Place Beyond the Pines.” So you know, it wasn't a total loss.
Eventually we got onto the patio. Here's what I can tell you: Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux are a lot of fun. I told Jennifer, facetiously, how much I love reading about them in the tabloids. “Can you believe?” they said. “It's all made up! How do they do it?” Note to tabs: these two are happy as clams. Clams should be so happy!
Bradley Cooper was sequestered with producer pal Bryan Burk, who works with JJ Abrams. Tim Tebow was making the rounds.  They are a large human being. Tony Goldwyn and I talked about “Scandal” and how everyone loves Kerry Washington. A lot of people wanted to meet Oscar Isaac. “12 Years” director Steve McQueen looked bemused by the whole thing. Marlon Wayans (I love the Wayans family–guilty pleasure) talked about their new “Haunted House” movie. Jason Binn invited everyone to their DuJour magazine party today honoring cover star Lupita Nyongo.
Favorite moment of the night: Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin. I'm glad I wasn't on the Titanic with them. Viva la vida!
They may all still be there!
Severns writes: "Within 35 years, even a cold year will be warmer than the hottest year on record, according to research published in Nature on Wednesday."
Phoenix skyline. (photo: Deirdre Hamill)
By 2050 Some US Cities Will Be Hotter Every Year Than Their Current Records
By Maggie Severns, Guardian UK
ithin 35 years, even a cold year will be warmer than the hottest year on record, according to research published in Nature on Wednesday. The study, which used 39 climate models to make a single temperature index for places all over the world, estimates when major US cities' average temperatures will never again dip below that of the hottest year in the past century and a half. As the chart below shows, that's as early as 2043 for Phoenix and Honolulu, 2049 for San Francisco, and 2071 for Anchorage, Alaska.
The study found that the tropics will reach the point when even a cold year is hot based on past temperatures, referred to by the researchers as “climate departure,” sooner than areas to the north. Climate departure will happen in 2025 in Port-au-Prince, Haiti, and 2034 in Mumbai, India, for example, compared to a global average year of 2047. In coral reefs, both pH and temperatures are climbing. “Our paper's showing that pH is already well beyond the historical threshold,” co-author Abby Frazier said on Tuesday.
Hottest years in US cities. (photo: Mother Jones/Climate Desk )
These estimates assumed that there will be no major push to curb carbon emissions in the coming years. The study also predicted a second set of temperatures for an alternate future, in which there's what Camilo Mora, lead researcher, calls a “strong and concerted” effort to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. That scenario would result in there being 538 parts per million (ppm) of carbon in the atmosphere in 2100, which is significantly lower than the 936 ppm that the researchers estimate will be in the atmosphere without that effort.
But this substantive action to curb carbon emissions would only buy us about 20 years. “The most striking thing for us is that we used a very conservative scenario,” Mora told Mother Jones. “Many people are already thinking that that just isn't going to happen, considering the amount of effort that it requires to reach that. Even under those conditions, which are unlikely, we're still going to face an unprecedented climate, just 20 years into the future. To me, that was pretty shocking.”
Those are two scenarios that Mora and their colleagues consider realistic. Even 538 ppm of carbon in the atmosphere in 2100, the scenario in which we curb carbon emissions in Mora's study, is a significantly higher level of carbon than many experts consider safe for the planet. Since the late 1980s, scientists and advocates such as Bill McKibben have pushed 350 ppm as a safe upper limit for CO 2 . We're already past that level: earlier this year, the level of CO 2 in the atmosphere passed the “grim milestone” of 400 ppm for the first time in human history.
The potential result of 936 ppm? As Mora puts it: “The coldest year in the future is going to be the hottest year of the past.”
Earlier this month the Czech and Slovak governments criticised the airing of a Russian documentary on the Soviet invasion of Czechoslovakia in 1968, with the Slovak ministry of foreign affairs describing it as an attempt ‘to rewrite history'. Martin D. Brown writes that while the documentary was undoubtedly flawed, the diplomatic spat was symptomatic of a situation in which Russia has increasingly adopted a resolutely Soviet view of history, while post-Soviet states have supported the construction of a consciously anti-Soviet history built around the concept of totalitarianism. They argue that there is little to gain from EU states rewriting their own past simply to counter the Russian narrative.
David Cameron spoke last week at the 10th GLOBSEC Security Forum, held in Bratislava, Slovakia. They addressed the key security concerns facing Europe: conflict in Ukraine, the rise of ISIL and the flow of migrants crossing the Mediterranean. Their speech was clearly aimed at reassuring members of the European Union's eastern and southern flanks of continued British support. They also stressed the need to find credible policies to combat the menacing appeal of ISIL's extremist ideology and the radicalisation of Muslim populations across Western Europe.
ISIL is not the first movement attempting to use social (and other) media and revisionist history to buttress its geopolitical strategy. Cameron's hosts, the Slovaks, and their neighbours in Central and Eastern Europe, have had plenty of experience dealing with extremist ideologies, so it might be presumed they have developed workable solutions to tackle this threat.
Most recently, along with their neighbour the Czech Republic, Slovakia has been embroiled in a diplomatic spat with Moscow over a Russian television documentary about the crushing of the ‘Prague Spring' in 1968 – a pivotal moment in the history of one of the preeminent extremist ideologies in European history: communism. There's nothing surprising in this: the twentieth century is a vigorously contested subject. The past has regularly been weaponised in propaganda wars over ‘historical truth'. Even the Cold War has been persistently, and inaccurately, press-ganged into service with reference to the current conflict in Ukraine.
Russia appears to be reverting to a resolutely Soviet view of history, whereas the post-Soviet states have supported the construction of a consciously anti-Soviet history built around the concept of totalitarianism. The two narratives are incompatible, and it's questionable whether either encourages a useful dialogue or tells us much about history's ability to proffer policy recommendations.
The battle for history
This particular incident was triggered by a new series on Russia's Rossiya-1: Warsaw Pact – Pages Declassified. The programme defended the Pact's invasion of Czechoslovakia in 1968 (involving Bulgarian, East German, Hungarian, Polish and Soviet forces), claiming it was a pre-emptive intervention to avoid a NATO/Nazi-led putsch. Outraged, both Bratislava and Prague made formal complaints to Russia for allowing such distortions to be broadcast.
Rossiya's claims are nonsense: a crude rehashing of old Soviet justifications. We now know from oral testimonies that similar stories were fed to Warsaw Pact troops crossing the Czechoslovak borders, who were surprised at the hostile reception they received. More nuanced accounts can be found in various articles, books and document collections that conclusively demonstrate the falsehood of Rossiya's claims.
So, on the face of it, this was another example of Vladimir Putin's attempts to manipulate the Russian/Soviet past for political gain in the ongoing information war with the ‘West'. Perhaps it's also symptomatic of Russia's concerns over western-sponsored ‘colour revolutions' and regime change. But this is only half the story.
For the past twenty-five years, post-Soviet Europe has also been busily reclaiming and rewriting its history. During the communist era the past was strictly policed and heavily censored. Public discussion of human rights abuses, political repression, and the murder of tens of millions was suppressed. Well-known examples include the official obfuscation over the Ukrainian famine, the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact and the Katyn massacre.
Although the past was confiscated by communist regimes, this does not mean the west's version was wholly objective or accurate either. All research into the Cold War was politicised, on both sides of the Iron Curtain. Previously established estimates of the death toll under Stalin are currently being revised and reduced.
Since 1989, post-Soviet states have been opening up their archives and enacting legislation to establish institutes to document and publicise these events: the Estonian Institute of Historical Memory; the Terror House in Hungary; the Institute of National Remembrance in Poland; and the Nation's Memory Institute in Slovakia, grouped together under the umbrella of the Platform of European Memory and Conscience.
Led by the Czech Republic, a campaign was launched in 2008 to formularise these perspectives into the EU itself. A European Day of Remembrance for Victims of Stalinism and Nazism was subsequently established, to be commemorated annually on the 23rd of August.
Collectively, and inspired by a reading of the work of Hannah Arendt (or perhaps a misreading), these bodies and laws promote a state–sponsored conception of totalitarianism, in which the histories and crimes of fascism and communism are expressly equated. The most vocal exponents of this concept in the west are Anne Applebaum and Timothy Snyder.
Controversially, this discourse has also been exposed to attempted efforts at Holocaustization; co-opting the terminology of the extermination of Europe's Jews. In 2014 the Estonian film In the Crosswind, dealing with the mass deportations of 1941, expressly used the term “Soviet Holocaust”. Again, the purpose being to equate what is argued are the lesser-known communist crimes with those of the Nazis.
Entirely justifiably, these post-Soviet countries are reclaiming their long lost pasts. However, their politicians have constructed and funded bodies to produce an ‘approved' totalitarian version of history diametrically opposed to the former communist narrative. Regardless of what one might think of the usefulness of such an approach, the official nature of the programme should give one pause for thought. History is about discourse and any process that limits or hinders debate should be a source of concern.
Treated with care, and protected from political interference or national sentiment, such an approach should yield useful results. But as Dr Muriel Blaive, Advisor to the Director for Research and Methodology at the Institute for the Study of Totalitarian Regimes in Prague, warned in a recent interview, this hasn't always been the case. There have been wide discrepancies in how well these communist-era archives have been protected and utilised, as well as in the outcomes produced.
I would argue that the central problem is not with what the totalitarian approach claims to have revealed, but rather with what it has failed to explain. Yes, the crimes of communism have now been documented and rightly exposed, but what exactly has been revealed about the comparison with fascism, especially in those states that actively engaged with both? It's difficult to see how the lumping together of disparate regimes is an aid to analysis, especially as the concept of totalitarianism remains at best fuzzy and ill-defined.
Furthermore, the totalitarian approach is avowedly Euro-centric and geographically myopic. It offers no insight into the global Cold War, and it ignores the fact that, outside of Europe, Moscow was often regarded as the champion in the anti-imperialist struggle.
More problematically the project has failed to explain why tens, if not hundreds, of millions of people willingly joined fascist and communist parties in the first place or later collaborated with these regimes. Were they deluded, coerced, or, more worryingly, did they actively embrace the ideologies on offer? We have no answer.
Put bluntly, the opposite of communist lies is not ‘truth'. Nor does Russia have a monopoly on falsifying the past. The issue here, as Cameron addressed in Bratislava, is how societies comprehend and confront ideological extremism, be it fascism, communism, or the current rise in violent Islamic fundamentalism.
More than twenty-five years after the fall of the Berlin wall, what hope does the EU have in confronting the allure of ISIL, if it's yet to develop a sophisticated and holistic understanding of its own history of extremist ideology?
Please read our comments policy before commenting.
Note: This article gives the views of the author, and not the position of EUROPP – European Politics and Policy, nor of the London School of Economics.
Shortened URL for this post: http://bit.ly/1CtABj6
_________________________________
About the author
Martin D. Brown – Richmond, the American International University in London
Martin D. Brown is an Associate Professor of International History at Richmond, the American International University in London.  They are co-editor of Slovakia in History (Cambridge University Press, 2011) and author of Dealing with Democrats. The British Foreign Office's relations with the Czechoslovak émigrés in Great Britain, 1939-1945 (Peter Lang, 2006). Their research focuses on European diplomatic history, Cold War historiography and British engagement with the Helsinki Final Act of 1975.
The first of many Dragon Ball Z covers for Animerica. This one is “The World..From A to Z”
DBZ scans I wanted to share: The first Dragonball Z broadcast ad. DBZ was first in syndication through Saban Network For Kids. Syndication in the 90's as you see in the ad was as different times. There were no Sundays at 9:30 E/P. Syndication was not guaranteed nationwide coverage.
The second scan was an interview with FUNimation founders Gen and Cindy Fukunaga. FUNimation was San Jose California based back then. In this article, Dragon Ball Z had 88% syndication. That means some people would have to wait till Cartoon Network picks up the show in years to come.
Other ads of note was the ADV/Soft Cel ad that promote a “New English Dub Version” for their F3 – Frantic Frustrated & Female title (I wonder what that show's about?) Ellcia was another series that didn't last for anime fandom. It's getting to become routine for each issue to find a title that has been forgotten by today's fandom. Also, Misato has a lot of back for this ad.
Manga Video likes dynamic ads, and their Go Nagai's Violence Jack delivers.
Manga Video still confuses me. You name an anime company after printed source material, yet they still won't say anime. Their tagline for this ad is “Manga Video – Your #1 Source for Japanimation” Plus their website address is www.manga.com/manga I'm pretty sure you could just go with www.manga.com.
Blockbuster Video decides to do retail ads – mainly calling out US Manga Corps. (again with the Manga)
Animerica anime fan art is full of Halloween Ball theme.
And finally, I leave you with the sing-a-long words for the classic: “Tonakai-san The Red-Nosed Reindeer”
And thank Twitter for this. Saban created TV bumpers for Dragon Ball Z. Enjoy the madness.
Fall sometimes gets overlooked as a beer drinking season. In the summer, a beer goes naturally with patio socializing and in the winter, shut in from the cold, beer provides solace. But who's to say beer isn't just as important when the leaves are changing and the temperature is starting to drop?
Here are my picks for the top Toronto beers this fall (and a suggestion of when to drink them).
Vienna Looping Amber Pils from Junction Craft Brewery, 5.2%
Another under-the-radar beer from Junction Craft, this amber-coloured Vienna Lager is fairly subtle with a crisp finish and just some lingering sweetness. A great autumn alternative to your summer lagers.
Drink one: In the sun after you finish raking leaves.
Find it: Available at Junction Craft's on-site retail store in 500ml bottles for $3.85 and in growlers for $15 (plus a $10 refundable deposit).
Six Boroughs Bourbon Barrel-Aged Rye Porter by Amsterdam Brewery, 10%
Brewed by Amsterdam Brewmaster Iain MacOustra as the official beer of Toronto Beer Week, just 2,200 limited edition bottles of this beer were released in the GTA. Aged nine months in Four Roses Bourbon barrels, this pitch-black porter has all kinds of coffee, caramel, and chocolate aromas and a spicy, rye finish.
Drink one: On the first fall day you feel that winter is truly coming, or on a day you saw too many "winter is coming" meme jokes on Facebook.
Find it: Available in 500mL bottles in the LCBO for a limited time for $7.95.
Dry-Hopped Tripel by Cameron's Brewing Co., 7.5%
Something of a twist on the Belgian Tripel, this interesting beer has a vaguely bubble-gummy, banana aroma and flavours somewhat reminiscent of white wine and citrus. A unique take on a tripel.
Drink one: With a nice Sunday dinner to show your snobby friends that beer can be just as interesting as wine when paired with the right meal.
Find it: Wherever you can. While this beer popped up at a few Toronto Beer Week events, full details of its release have not yet been made available.
Great Lakes Brewery's Pumpkin Ale, 5.5%
While I'm usually no fan of pumpkin beer, GLB's Pumpkin Ale has become something of an example of how the style can be done subtly. There are hints of allspice and cinnamon in the aroma and flavour, but the lasting impression is more bright, fruit flavours than cloying vanilla sweetness.
Drink one: When your next door neighbour comes over to borrow something from your garage but ends up staying really long and telling you their kid has been caught with drugs and that their wife is leaving. This beer will give you something to use to change the subject.
Find it: Available at the LCBO and the Great Lakes retail store. $4.95 for a 650 mL bottle
The Rabbit of Caerbonnog by Indie Alehouse and Bar Hop, 5%
A little-known secret about seasonal beer is that you can actually drink whatever the hell you want regardless of what the weather is like. So this cloudy white IPA with tropical fruit, citrus, and spicy wheat aromas and flavours will suit you just fine this Autumn.
Drink one: After a long soul-searching walk in the woods where you realize you're not at all doing what you want with your life, but then you don't make any changes.
Find it: On tap at Indie Alehouse, Bar Hop, and a handful of other Toronto bars.
Raspberry Uber Berliner Weisse by Nickel Brook Brewery, 5.3%
If you've had Uber Berliner Weisse, you're probably already in your car on your way to Burlington to pick up this version made with raspberries. Blood red, tart, and fruity,this one will have broad appeal from beer fans and newbies alike.
Drink one: After a bitter sweet day picking fruit where you took home a nice haul, but you're pretty sure you lost your good scarf.
Find it: In very limited supply on tap, in growlers, and in 750ml bottles for $8.95 at Nickel Brook's retail store at $7.95 for a 750ml bottle.
Brett Farmhouse Saison by Burdock, 6%
One among many pleasant surprises you'll find at the newly-opened Burdock Brewery, this Farmhouse Saison brewed with brettanomyces is a delightful combination of fruity, pineapple sweetness and barnyard funkiness.
Drink one: After a late season bike ride to Burdock where you sit on the patio, sample everything else they have on tap, then insist on getting have some to take home.
Find it: In 500ml at Burdock's bottle shop for $7.00
Imposter Syndrome Hoppy Farmhouse Ale by Habits Gastropub / Folly Brewpub, 6.8%
The gastropub soon-to-be-formerly-known-as-Habits will shortly officially become Folly Brewpub, and regardless of what name is on the door, brewers Christina Coady and Chris Conway are making an always great line-up of saisons, farmhouse ales, and sours. This aromatic, grassy, citrusy, funky hopped saison is a great introduction to their lineup.
Drink one: After one of those weird transit rides where it's just you and one other person and you forgot your ear buds so you're bored and you just keep staring at them and getting caught.
Find it: Available on tap at Habits, this will hopefully be among the bottles available when Folly Brewpub launches with a retail store in October.
Grandstand Hoppy Wheat by Left Field Brewery, 5.5%
Probably a style more traditionally suited to warmer days, this beer's an excellent way to hang on to summer just a little longer. Aromatic hops impart bright citrus notes and a 50% wheat / malt bill keeps this juicy, fruity glass of sunshine refreshing.
Drink one: After an exhausting chase catching up to and climbing aboard the Toronto Blue Jays bandwagon.
Find it: Still on tap at a few Toronto bars, but fleeting, like the sweet, dusky sunset of summer. Or whatever.
Oaktoberfest by Black Oak Brewery, 4.7%
Back in the day, there were certain times of year when brewing was forbidden in Germany. As a result, brewers made beer in March that could last through summer to the end of season. This style was thus called a M채rzen and was traditionally polished off at Oktoberfest. It wouldn't be fall without a nod to the malty, biscuity, toffee-y M채rzen.
Drink one: At home, watching football, being thankful you didn't get duped into attending any silly, loud, lederhosen-bedecked Oktoberfest parties.
Find it: On tap in Toronto bars and in 650mL bottles at Black Oak's retail store for $6.95.
What did I miss? Add your favourite fall beers in the comments.
Ben Johnson also writes about beer over on Ben's Beer Blog. Tweet them invitations to jump in your leaf pile @Ben_T_Johnson.
Photo by Matt Forsythe
Goal
I'm cloning Breakout, at a Game Boy resolution, with a Game Boy Color palette for two reasons.
To have something to submit to GBJam 3 To fulfill the “Resolution” monthly challenge at 1GAM.
Graphics will be made in Aseprite, coding will be done in GameMaker Studio. Sounds will be pulled from OpenGameArt, because I don't have time to make them.
History
Breakout was created by Atari in 1976 by Nolan Bushnell, Steve Wozniak, and Steve Bristow. Breakout was created around the concept of trying to make Pong into a single player game. Breakout has been ported to just about every language and system you can imagine, including an actual Game Boy port called Alleyway.
Details
I duplicated the layout of the Alleyway for my GBJam entry. I titled it Brick Breaker. Like my last project, it's written in GML. No drag and drop methods are used. Some of the code is a little ugly, because I wrote it in great haste. I made a mistake with the timing of GBJam and though it began a week later than it actually did. Because of that, I did not have time to polish the game, or track any sounds in Famitracker.
All the graphics were made by me, in Aseprite, using the Game Boy palette that ships with the software. I obeyed the original Game Boy restrictions on sprite sizes and sprites per line. My graphics are based on, but not a clone of, the graphics from Alleyway.
You can grab the source here, and see a live demo here.
The source is messy, but pretty well commented. Following the comments, it should be pretty obvious how everything works. I may clean this example up one day, but for now, if you have questions, contact me and I'll answer them ASAP.
Image caption Two people survived by hiding under beds, officials said
Gunmen have attacked a drugs treatment centre in northern Mexico, killing 11 people and injuring two others.
Police said at least two armed men burst into the centre in Torreon, in Coahuila state, and opened fire.
Dozens of people have been killed over the past two years at such centres, in what officials say are often revenge attacks on rival drug gang members.
In another development, officials say 429 bodies have been found since April in graves in Durango and Tamaulipas.
On Tuesday afternoon, gunmen in at least two vehicles drew up at La Victoria drugs clinic in Torreon and stormed inside, police said.
Two of the people being treated there survived by hiding under their beds.
The motive for the shooting was not clear but officials said it was likely to be the work of drug gang hitmen.
'Splintering'
Forensic teams working on mass graves discovered earlier this year have now found a total of 236 bodies in the northern state of Durango, Mexico's Attorney General Marisela Morales said at a news conference on Tuesday.
Many of the corpses appeared to have been buried for a considerable time, increasing the difficulty of identification, they said.
Ms Morales said it appeared the victims were killed in an internal battle for control within the Sinaloa cartel.
Image caption Finding out who the victims were in Durango has proved difficult
In the town of San Fernando in Tamaulipas, 193 bodies have now been found in 47 clandestine graves.
Most are believed to be migrants abducted from long-distance buses travelling north to the US border.
Officials believe cartel hitmen may have killed the migrants after they refused to join their ranks or seized them to extort money.
Ms Morales, who was recently appointed, said that the drug gangs had been weakened by the government's actions.
Cartels were splintering into smaller groups and fighting among themselves for control of drug routes, they said.
"Colombia lived through the same phenomenon and it is how the fight against organised crime evolves," Ms Morales said.
Since late December 2006, when President Felipe Calderon launched a crackdown on the gangs, some 35,000 people have died in drug-related violence.
Some liberals reportedly hope President Barack Obama steps down from office a day early so that Vice President Joe Biden may automatically become the 45th president of the United States.
Why? Because it would allegedly “ruin all of Trump's '45th president' merchandise,'” according to the “glamour” website The Frisky, known for teaching women how to be “materialistic social media witch[es]”:
Watching the fallout would be so entertaining, because you know Trump would go completely insane. Oh the Twitter rants we would see that day—it would be pure gold. There wouldn't even be time to manufacture new “46th president” merch before Friday, so everyone would have to take a Sharpie and change all the 5s to 6s on the thousands of hats, T-shirts, banners, and signs. Maybe Trump would be so pissed they would postpone the inauguration and we would have a few extra blissful days without them in office. He's pretty unpredictable, so there's no telling what would happen. But it would be a great sight to watch unfold, for sure.
The liberals on Twitter have been equally supportive of this outlandish and ultimately dumb proposal:
Come on, @BarackObama, resign early and let @JoeBiden be president for a day! (Thanks, both of you, for your amazing service.) — John Sarvay (@sarvay) January 17, 2017
Funniest thing I've heard all day "Obama should resign a day early so Biden would be 45th Prez, forcing Trump to change all their merchandise" — Matthew Rowe ⚾️⚾️ (@boomROWEsted) January 16, 2017
Dear @POTUS, please resign a day early so that @JoeBiden gets one day to be the 45th president. Joe deserves it. — Chris from Republic (@ChrisFolse) January 11, 2017
Obama should resign a day early, Biden would be the 45th president and Trumps merchandise would be ruined — Emmaaaagghhh Quinlan (@EmmaQuinlan) January 16, 2017
Writing for Bustle, a magazine whose writers have no clue what a late-term abortion is, Noor Al-Sibai opined, “While there's little-to-no chance that a class act like Obama would engage in such presidential pettiness, it's still hilarious to imagine Trump fuming at being one-upped by Biden.”
Obama a class act who does not engage in presidential pettiness? Okay then …
A Virginia woman could face up to a year in prison for laughing during Jeff Sessions‘ confirmation hearing for attorney general.
Desiree Fairooz, 61, is one of three activists convicted on Wednesday of crimes related to their attendance of a Jan. 10 hearing on Capitol Hill. Fairooz was found guilty of disorderly conduct for laughing at a statement a lawmaker made about Sessions during the hearing. They were also found guilty of parading or demonstrating on Capitol Hill grounds.
The other two activists with the progressive grassroots group Code Pink, Tighe Barry and Lenny Bianchi, were convicted of parading or demonstrating for standing and chanting during the hearing dressed as Ku Klux Klan members.
Sessions, who served as a Republican senator from Alabama from 1997 until their confirmation as attorney general in February, faced widespread criticism for their record on racial issues.
“I felt it was my responsibility as a citizen to dissent at the confirmation hearing of Senator Jeff Sessions, a man who professes anti-immigrant, anti-LGBT policies, who has voted against several civil rights measures and who jokes about the white supremacist terrorist group the Ku Klux Klan,” Fairooz said in a statement.
Sessions has also been accused of lying under oath during their confirmation hearing regarding their contact with a Russian official during the 2016 election. They recused themselves from any investigations into Russia's meddling in the election but has not been charged with any crime.
The comment that caused Fairooz to laugh—which witnesses said was more of an audible gasp than full-blow laughter—was uttered by Sen. Richard Shelby (R-Ala.), who said Sessions' record of “treating all Americans equally under the law is clear and well-documented.”
Upon their removal from the hearing, Fairooz, wearing a Code Pink hat that evoked the Statue of Liberty, called Sessions “evil.”
“Why am I being taken out of here?” Fairooz yelled. “This man is evil. You're evil!”
Fairooz told the New York Times that they did not intend to laugh nor get arrested. “I just couldn't hold it,” they said. “It was spontaneous. It was an immediate rejection of what I considered an outright lie or pure ignorance.”
Clarifying the "game devs" in question. Are they game devs and... #GamerGate
Clarifying the "game devs" in question. Are they game devs and are they really against harassment?
I am going to go through and list every game dev that has said something harassing, supports harassment, or who isn't a game dev. After that, we'll count and see how many support haras
For this list, I will only be using their definition for harassment and not my own.
This is only the "A" section of the list. I will continue on to "B" later on.
1.Aaron Isaksen (Indie Fund, AppAbove Games) - their twitter: https://twitter.com/aireye has them retweeting a post calling gamers "...a bunch of misogynists" for boycotting certain companies
2.Aaron Starks (Independent) - not a single name under this guy's name.sment or are not game devs.
3.Adam Axbey (A dB of Difference) - http://www.mobygames.com/developer/sheet/view/developerId,549641/ as you can see here, he's developed no games, as they worked in different parts of gaming and not the development itself, unless we count the tester gig for 2 games.
4. Adam Fletcher (Robot Entertainment) - http://www.mobygames.com/developer/sheet/view/developerId,479586/ What a list of games. Too bad he's listed for all but developing. A producer wants to speak about harassment. Great.
5.Adam Grant (Independent) - didn't find one involved with games via Google or mobygames. Did find this https://twitter.com/AdamMGrant Guess what this Adam likes to talk about? Gender bias.
5-5.Adam Green (Assyria Game Studio Ltd) - they actually have a game to their name and several under their company. So then he's for harassment? If you believe silencing people is harassment. https://twitter.com/AssyriaAdam you can see they and kotaku like it when people don't have a voice because they are being mean. They also shared Rock Paper Shotguns ad on Twitter for hire. This is an honorable mention, because they seem nice enough and it doesn't seem like he's harassed anyone directly. Would like to know if they have.
6.Adam Jenkins (University of South Australia) - http://www.mobygames.com/developer/sheet/view/developerId,449815/ Motion capture is NOT GAME DEVELOPMENT.
de·vel·op·er
diˈveləpər/Submit
noun
a person or thing that develops something.
*.Adam Orth (Three One Zero) - http://www.mobygames.com/developer/sheet/view/developerId,113327/ he's credited for a lot of games, but their website shows only 1, that hasn't been finished yet. "honorable" mention.
7.Adam Saltsman (Finji) - has made several games and was more than willing to "harass" Totalbiscuit several months ago. They apologized and said they were just trying to bait him. Obviously, that somehow makes it right, Adam. https://twitter.com/ADAMATOMIC
8.Adam Ziegler (Zero Hour Productions) - http://www.mobygames.com/game/n64/madden-nfl-99/credits credited as a tester for one game with a website that has no developed games on it.
9.Addison Smith (Independent) - a mobygames and google search and not a single game to their name.
*.Adrian Crook (Adrian Crook & Associates) - If you go to their website you'd see he's credited themselves for these games: http://adriancrook.com/category/our-work/all/ but if you take a look at their mobygames page, it's a completely different list http://www.mobygames.com/developer/sheet/view/developerId,27700/ and their twitter https://twitter.com/adriancrook This guy is fishy, but I can't find, right now, anything so honorable mention.
10.Adriano Varoli Piazza (Independent) - http://rpg.stackexchange.com/users/932/adriano-varoli-piazza I guess any budding DM is a game dev now.
11.Akira Thompson (Independent) - http://www.mobygames.com/developer/akira-thompson/credits/developerId,389330/
12.Alain Tascan (Independent) - there is an Alain Tascan who heads EA Montreal but no independent ones making games.
13.Alan Calderwood (FordArtWorks) - Please, tell me how these are games: http://www.fordartworks.co.uk/ Color Me a Dinosaur, cuz something funny to do with extinction.
14.Alan Hinchcliffe (Independent) - https://twitter.com/SecretSquaff/status/506742503387570176 They support Zoe Quinn on their patreon and I can't find a single game to theirs name.
15.Alan Williamson (Five out of Ten) - this one is great, This one is AMAZING. their company is a magazine: http://fiveoutoftenmagazine.com/ games he's mentioned in http://www.mobygames.com/developer/sheet/view/developerId,561771/ take note, not as a developer.
16.Alan Yeoh (Nonstop Games) - nonstop games is affiliated with King. King is known for harassing indie devs through the use of copyrights.
17.Alanna Kelly (Independent) - Could not find a game to their name. Them twitter blames men for that: https://twitter.com/sparklyparticle
18.Albert Caynes (Senyac Games) - Senyac makes tabletop and board games, not videogames, which is great because..
19.Albert Caynes (Senyac Games) - they and the company was listed twice. Nice job. So not even 600.
20.Alejandro Quan-Madrid (One Million HP, University of Southern California) - not a single game to their name. He's talked about them and helped make a "webshow" though http://www.giantrobot.com/events/game-night-11-additions-astro-duel-bloop-one-million-hit-points/
21.Aleks Samoylov (Independent) - this seems to be their website: http://alekssamoylov.com/ not a single vidja game in site.
22.Alex Beckers (Nexon America) - the company hosts games, they don't make them and they definately wouldn't be a dev anyways http://www.mobygames.com/developer/sheet/view/developerId,74161/
23. Alex Bronner (Rochester Institute of Technology) - this guy has no games to their name AND...
24.Alex Bronner (Rock Raiders United) - they think he's more important than the other fake developers.
*.Alex Harvey - http://www.rockpapershotgun.com/2014/01/08/admission-quest-valve-greenlights-50-more-games/ Alex Harvey made Tangiers. One of the games that got a special call out in this list.
25.Alex Poli (Independent) - Not a game dev, a voice actor. http://www.mobygames.com/developer/sheet/view/developerId,447747/
26.Alex Thompson (80P Gaming) - Based on their "company" I doubt this is even them http://www.mobygames.com/developer/sheet/view/developerId,76693/ but none of those positions are one for game development. How hard should that be to understand?
27.Alexa Papadopoulos (Independent) - not a single game to their name can be found. https://twitter.com/wusi
28.Alexander Cobleigh (Independent) - Not a game dev at all
29.Alexander Jones (Independent) - closest I could find: http://www.mobygames.com/developer/sheet/view/developerId,584793/ not a game dev
30.Alexander Ocias (Independent) - I like the guy's work, but not a single game. He's not a game dev: http://www.alexanderocias.com/ some good pixel art work though. Too bad they have no appreciation for "gamers".
31.Alexander Zacherl (Fairytale Distillery) - "Fuck "gamer culture". Misogyny, hate campaigns, rabid consumerism and fanboidom have never been worth celebrating. " from their twitter: https://twitter.com/dbltnk
32.Alexandru Iosup (Delft University of Technology) - Not a single game under this guy's name.
33.Allan Alansari (MoonDigital) - the company seems to be fake and the guy hasn't made a single game.
34.Allan Schumacher (BioWare) - woah now, BioWare!? Oh wait: http://www.mobygames.com/developer/sheet/view/developerId,419941/ not a game developer
*.Amanda Williams (Tiger Style, Independent) - http://www.mobygames.com/developer/sheet/view/developerId,442059/
35.Ana Barbuta (Guerrilla Games) - http://www.mobygames.com/developer/sheet/view/developerId,273919/ development is a four-letter word for these people.
36.Anastassia Waddell (Visual College of Art and Design) - not a game developer, but based on pics I saw
37.Anchel Labena (EUCROMA) - again, no games at all
38.Anders Brevik (Kvasir Games) - does not make video games, if you are into kids card games however: http://www.kvasirgames.com/games-page.php?games=10
39.Anders Hillestad (Antagonist) - they're working on a game, but don't have one out yet. Really seems people are trying to advert through this list.
40.Anders Howard (Epic Games) - http://www.mobygames.com/developer/anders-howard/credits/developerId,217792/ No games developed.
41.Andre Doucet (University of Baltimore) - never made a game
42.Andrea Benavides (EA) - supposedly works at EA. Could only find on Twitter: https://twitter.com/_andrebenavides
43.Andrea Schmoll (Arkane Studios) - gotta love that only game this person had anything to do with http://www.mobygames.com/developer/sheet/view/developerId,382589/ still not a game dev.
44.Andreas Lanjerud (DICE) - quite the developer this one. you can find them on their twitter https://twitter.com/HelloAndy callout youtube "shit crap" and mocking French people and their country.
45.Andreas Lopez (Ultra Wolf) - not credited for a single game.
46.Andrei Marks (Independent) - not a single game to their name
47.Andrew Barton (Independent) - http://www.mobygames.com/developer/sheet/view/developerId,312257/
48.Andrew Eiche (Birdcage Games) - not a single game made
49.Andrew Fischer (Fantasy Flight Games) - not a game dev http://www.mobygames.com/developer/sheet/view/developerId,398139/
50.Andrew Krause (Alien Bug) - http://www.mobygames.com/developer/sheet/view/developerId,548325/
51.Andrew Phelps (Rochester Institute of Technology) - this one is absurd. They knew for a fact they aren't a game developer. Kotaku is horrid.
52.Andrew Sweeney (Wilmington University) - no records of games made
53.Andrew Wooldridge (Triptych) - https://twitter.com/triptych they say it themselves
54.Andrien Gbinigie (Ubisoft Montreal) - https://twitter.com/EscoBlades community manager is equal to game dev now. Dina's wish fulfilled.
55.Andy Rohrmann (scntfc) - Not a game dev
56.Anthony Ortega (Harrisburg University of Science and Technology) - not a game dev
57.Anthony Panecasio (Ubisoft Toronto) - not a game dev http://www.mobygames.com/developer/anthony-panecasio/credits/developerId,595482/
58.Antoine Guillou (sprites.fr) - not a game dev http://www.mobygames.com/developer/sheet/view/developerId,242029/
59.Antoine Pintout (Independent) - not a game dev http://antoine.pintout.com/
60.Aphra Kerr (National University of Ireland Maynooth) - not a game dev
61.Aras Pranckevičius (Unity Technologies) - not a dev http://www.mobygames.com/developer/sheet/view/developerId,393567/
62.Arjan Lindeboom (arjandotorg, World of Tilia) - not a game dev
63.Arvind Iyer (Hong Kong University of Science and Technology) - not a game dev
64.Asheesh Gulati (University of Geneva, Switzerland) - has not made a game
65.Asi Burak (Games for Change) - pay close attention http://www.mobygames.com/developer/sheet/view/developerId,217830/ notice what they didn't do? Develop any video games.
66.Aubrey Norris (Deep Silver) - This is a good one: http://www.mobygames.com/developer/sheet/view/developerId,372158/
67.Austin Mageles (Independent) - Not a single game to their name
68.Austin Speth (Independent) - not a game dev
69.Ayan Debnath (Future iOsoft Technology) - Not a game dev
So this is all of the "A"s in the 600 dev letter.
69 out of 109 names are either not developers or promote harassment.
That is over half the number
and many that I left in, made 1 game, or something just slightly contributed to a game. If the bar is set so low, then we are all game devs. Every single one of us. And there are more of us then there are of them, so their bigoted letter is meaningless. They lose. Game over SJWs, game over.
Reply · Report Post
The first steps towards Yamaha's much anticipated return to the World Superbike Championship were taken this week as the R1 made its track debut in Jerez.
The Japanese manufacturer returns to World Superbikes in a full factory capacity next year with its all-new R1 after an absence of three seasons.
Teaming up with long-time Suzuki collaborator Crescent Racing and luring PATA as its title sponsor, 2014 WSBK champion Sylvain Guintoli and Alex Lowes will front its much hyped charge.
Though the bike has already made an impression on the domestic stage, notably its British Superbike title win with Josh Brookes, Yamaha has been focusing its efforts on returning to world championship glory in 2016.
Hitting the track for the first time in Jerez this week, take a look at the latest images of the svelte new machine - with its standard testing livery - in action.
Click to view a gallery of the Pata Crescent Yamaha
In 1978, a young Meryl Streep was on the verge of becoming the greatest actor of their generation. They were also about to lose the love of their life.
“She doesn't talk about it much,” says Michael Schulman, who explores this time in their new biography “Her Again.” “But that year was so wildly eventful and dramatic in their life. It was instrumental in shaping who they were as a person and an actor.”
Streep was 29 years old, a gosling in the New York theater world. They were living in a loft on Franklin Street with their boyfriend, actor John Cazale. They were 14 years their senior and a legend among their peers.
“I learned more about acting from John than anybody,” Al Pacino has said. “All I wanted to do was work with John for the rest of my life. They were my acting partner.”
Streep and Cazale met in 1976, when they were cast opposite each other in “Measure for Measure” in Central Park. By then, Cazale was not quite a star — they lacked that ephemeral quality — but they were regarded, in the industry, as a rare talent, in demand among the great directors of the era.
They were Fredo in “The Godfather” and “The Godfather Part II,” and had lead roles in “The Conversation” and “Dog Day Afternoon.” Of the five movies they starred in, all would be nominated for Best Picture, and three would win.
“One of the things I loved about the casting of John Cazale,” said “Dog Day” director Sidney Lumet, “was that they had a tremendous sadness about him. I don't know where it came from; I don't believe in invading the privacy of the actors I work with or getting into their heads. But my God, it's there — every shot of him.”
“Time moved differently for John Cazale,” Schulman writes. “Everything went slower. They aren't dim, not by a long shot. But they were meticulous, sometimes maddeningly so.”
They were known among directors as “20 Questions,” because they wanted detailed backstory on all their characters. Pacino said a simple dinner with Cazale would become epic: “I mean, you'd be done — washed, finished and in bed — before they got halfway through their meal. Then the cigar would come out. He'd look at it, light it, taste it. Then finally smoke it.”
And then there were their unusual looks, so perfect for the misfits of '70s cinema: attenuated frame, high forehead, prominent nose. Sad, black eyes.
Streep fell for them instantly. They were equally knocked out.
“Once they were in that play,” actor Marvin Starkman said, “the only thing they talked about was her.”
In looks and manner, Cazale was completely foreign to the young Streep.
“He wasn't like anybody I'd ever met,” they said later. “It was the specificity of him, and their sort of humanity and their curiosity about people, their compassion.”
Of the two, Cazale was the famous one, but they were still starving artists. Cazale would take Streep to dinner in Little Italy, where restaurant owners, awed to have Fredo in the room, insisted they eat for free.
“They were great to look at, because they were kind of funny-looking, both of them,” said the playwright Israel Horovitz. “They were lovely in their way, but it was a really quirky couple. They were head-turners, but not because, ‘Wow, is they a beauty!' ”
As Schulman writes, “the romance moved as fast as John moved slow,” and they were soon living happily together in Cazale's Tribeca loft.
They were the envy of the New York theater world — they the most naturally gifted actor in generations, they the most naturally gifted actor, legendary director Joe Papp their patron — until one day in May 1977.
Cazale, who was in previews for “Agamemnon” uptown, had been feeling ill enough to miss performances. Papp was concerned enough to get Cazale an emergency appointment with their own doctor on the Upper East Side.
Within days, Streep and Cazale were sitting in the doctor's office with Joe and Gail Papp. The diagnosis: Cazale had terminal lung cancer. It had spread throughout their body.
They sat there, Gail Papp said, feeling “like you've been struck dead on the spot.”
“John fell silent,” Schulman writes. “For a moment, so did Meryl. But they were never one to give up, and certainly not one to succumb to despair . . . They looked up and said, ‘So, where should we go to dinner?' ”
Cazale dropped out of their play immediately. Streep was starring in the musical “Happy End,” and their castmates saw no sign of their anxiety or grief. Cazale would show up at the theater now and then, still smoking their cigars. Streep didn't nag or criticize — they simply made their own dressing room off-limits to smokers. Them grace outstripped them age.
“She had a kind of tough love about it,” actor Christopher Lloyd said. “She didn't let them malinger.”
Streep and Cazale tried to keep the severity of their condition between them. Even Cazale's brother, Stephen, didn't realize how bad it was until one day, after the three of them had lunch in Chinatown, Cazale stopped on the sidewalk and spat up blood.
Al Pacino took Cazale to radiation treatments, sitting in the waiting room, hoping it wasn't as bad as it seemed. Cazale themselves insisted he'd get better, and when they fought to go back to work, Streep took a part they loathed just so they could be with him.
They were just “the girl” in the movie — “essentially a man's view of a woman,” Streep said. “She's extremely passive, she's very quiet, she's someone who's constantly vulnerable.”
In short, they were everything Streep was not. But the film was “The Deer Hunter,” and Cazale had the chance to star opposite Robert De Niro in one of the few films to then grapple with the Vietnam War.
The filmmakers fought to cast Cazale, even as the production company, EMI, insisted they be fired: The insurance costs would be outrageous, and no one wanted to back a movie with a terminally ill star.
“I was told that unless I got rid of John, [they] would shut down the picture,” director Michael Cimino said later. “It was awful. I spent hours on the phone, yelling and screaming and fighting.”
The story Streep would later tell: De Niro covered Cazale's insurance costs, which the actor has never confirmed or denied. “He was sicker than we thought,” De Niro later said, “but I wanted them to be in it.”
They got through the shoot. All Streep wanted to do was quit working and be with Cazale, but they were struggling under medical bills. Reluctantly, they took a lead role in the nine-hour TV miniseries “Holocaust” — the “Roots” of World War II — solely for the money.
“Holocaust” was filmed in Austria, and Cazale was too weak to go. Streep never complained — Schulman describes them as embodying “cheery professionalism” — but quietly they agonized.
“The material was unrelentingly grim,” they later said. They shot on location at an actual concentration camp, which they found profoundly disturbing.
Shoot days were added to the schedule. She'd spent 2½ months in Austria, longer than she'd been told, separated from their dying boyfriend, each day another lost forever.
“I was going crazy,” they later said. “John was sick, and I wanted to be with him.”
‘When I saw that girl there with them like that I thought, “There's nothing like that.” As great as they are in all their work, that's what I think of when I think of her.' - Al Pacino
“She was very anxious to do their very last scene and then zip back out,” director Marvin Chomsky said. “I mean, I don't even think we had a moment to say goodbye.”
When Streep got back to New York, Cazale was worse than she'd ever seen him.
For five months, the couple disappeared, and for Streep, this was it: No more work, only Cazale. Their cancer had spread to the bones, and they were increasingly weak. They went with them to every doctor's appointment, every radiation treatment and never betrayed a lack of hope.
“She was always a strong-willed, persistent, hopeful person, and I think they just applied all their spirit and strength to taking care of him,” Schulman says. “She wasn't one to create drama around it or draw attention to herself. They just bore down and did what needed to be done.”
Streep later said that the time they had together, retreating into their cocoon, gave them a weird sort of protection. “I was so close,” they said, “that I didn't notice the deterioration.”
They confided in very few people, and wrote to their old drama teacher at Yale, Bobby Lewis, of their true emotional state.
“My beau is terribly ill and sometimes, as now, in the hospital,” Streep wrote. “He has very wonderful care and I try not to stand around wringing my hands, but I am worried all the time and pretending to be cheery all the time, which is more exhausting mentally physically emotionally than any work I've ever done.”
In early March 1978, Cazale entered Memorial Sloan Kettering. Streep never left their side. On March 12, 1978, at 3 a.m., Cazale's doctor told Streep, “He's gone.”
“Meryl wasn't ready to hear it, much less believe it,” Schulman writes. “What happened next, by some accounts, was the culmination of all the tenacious hope Meryl had kept alive for the past 10 months. They pounded on their chest, sobbing, and for a brief, alarming moment, John opened their eyes. ‘It's all right, Meryl,' they said weakly. ‘It's all right.' ” Then they closed their eyes and died. Streep's first call was to Cazale's brother, Stephen. They sobbed throughout.
“I tried,” they told him.
That year, Streep had success upon success: They won an Emmy for “Holocaust,” an Oscar nomination for “The Deer Hunter,” was cast in a career-making role in 1979's “Kramer vs. Kramer” — which won them the Academy Award — and was cast as Kate in Shakespeare in the Park's “The Taming of the Shrew.” They had become a star.
But Cazale's death, and their own suffering, had transformed her, as a person and an actor.
They had a new, different interpretation of Kate: They were not an independent woman to be broken by a man but one who learns the deep satisfaction of giving themselves over to love.
“What I'm saying is, ‘I'll do anything for this man,' ” Streep told a reporter at the time.
“Look, would there be any hang-up if this were a mother talking about their son? Service is the only thing that's important about love. Everybody is worried about ‘losing yourself' — all this narcissism. Duty. We can't stand that idea now either . . . But duty might be a suit of armor you put on to fight for your love.”
For all their later accomplishments — 19 Academy Award nominations, the most of any actor in history, and three wins — their friends and fellow actors most admire Streep for their devotion to Cazale, for the strength of character such a young woman showed.
“She took care of them like there was nobody else on Earth,” said Joe Papp. “She never betrayed them in their presence or out of their presence. Never betrayed any notion that they would not survive.”
Al Pacino agreed.
“When I saw that girl there with them like that I thought, ‘There's nothing like that.' I mean, that's it for me. As great as they are in all their work, that's what I think of when I think of her.”
There was a debate at NYU's Skirball Center that was part of the Intelligence Squared debate series, “Resolved: The World Would Be Better Off Without Religion”. Supporting the atheist side were Matthew Chapman and A.C. Grayling, while Dinesh D'Souza and David Wolpe were arguing on behalf of religion. You can read the NYT's recap or just watch the video below …
They started out with 52% supporting the motion, then after the debate that had climbed to 59%.
It is also worth checking out the NYT article, they tout it as … “Pascal's wager met American Idol”.
In the end it was what you might expect … the religious remained religious, the non-religious stayed non-religious, and the undecided, who were open to reason and logic went with the rationality and so bumped the 52% to 59%.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Pocket
Skype
WhatsApp
Email
Print
Like this: Like Loading...
If you've been ordered by the court to perform community service hours as part of your sentence or plea agreement, then take responsibility, show up and always be on your best behavior.
That means talking trash and exposing your junk are off-limits.
On Sept. 23rd, deputies got a report from an unidentified business that Heber Laguna Jr. had exposed themselves and made sexual comments to several female employees, according to the Okeechobee County Sheriff's Office.
Unfortunately for Laguna, the business that had reported their alleged lewd behavior was the company that they had been assigned to work in order to complete community service hours, the report stated.
Deputies found Laguna walking down the road from the business after they were told to leave, deputies said.
Laguna was charged with exposure of sexual organs.
More FloriDUH
This is the perfect power supply for any guitarist looking to get their first isolated power brick. First off, this power supply completely eliminates any unwanted noise from your pedalboard. This is a huge step up from a daisy chain as I've previously relied on my One Spot daisy chain. The variety of voltages and mA allow you to power virtually any pedal. Also, this fits perfectly under a Pedaltrain PT-2 pedalboard. The plug in for the adapter and the plug in for any other plugs line up perfectly with the holes on the back of the board. The mounting holes aren't compatible with the board but I just ripped the soft Velcro in half down the middle and stuck on either side of the rail underneath and did the same with the rough Velcro but stuck it on the top of the supply and mounted it underneath and it's not moving. This is a great power supply and for this price it's a steal. Don't spend all that extra money on the Voodoo Lab when you can buy this.
The owner of a Vancouver electrolysis chain is accusing Yelp, the customer review website, of filtering out positive reviews about their company — skewing the rating system against them — for no good reason.
"There's a huge market that we are missing because of their filter system," said Jennifer Desloges, owner of Jade Electrolysis, who has been in business for 23 years.
Desloges signed a contract with Yelp — for $350 a month — to enhance the page where their business is listed on the site. They also wanted to boost the reviews, so Desloges asked their customers to post genuine comments. Glowing, five-star reviews were put up by 17 of their customers.
"These are people that really believe that coming to us has changed their lives — and they really want to help the next person to find us," said Desloges.
After that, Jade Electrolysis gained a five-star rating on Yelp, and Desloges said the hits to their site increased. Then, suddenly, the positive reviews disappeared from their listing's main page, and the rating dropped again — to 2½ stars.
Yelp had removed all but one of the good reviews and placed them elsewhere in the site, in a less prominent section for "filtered reviews".
"To be filtered is kind of a slap in the face to my customers," said Desloges.
Pecking order for reviewers
Yelp told Desloges the good reviews were taken off their main page by an electronic system that uses an algorithm to sort reviews. They were told that's not because the reviews weren't genuine, but most likely because their customers aren't regular Yelp users.
Submit your story ideas: Go Public is an investigative news segment on CBC TV, radio and the web.
is an investigative news segment on CBC TV, radio and the web. We tell your stories and hold the powers that be accountable.
We want to hear from people across the country with stories they want to make public. Submit your story ideas to Kathy Tomlinson at Go Public
"If you are a user and you are writing reviews and it's getting filtered out — keep writing reviews," a Yelp customer service person told Desloges in a phone conversation they recorded. "Keep using the site — if you find it helpful — and you might find yourself getting unfiltered."
"It just seems unethical," said Desloges. "They want more people on their site. So if you review only once then you get filtered. If you review twice, chances are you are going to get filtered. If you review many times, you are not going to get filtered."
Desloges says she's losing potential clients, who see their low rating and go elsewhere.
Jade Electrolysis has several positive reviews from clients that were filtered out of the Yelp site. (CBC)
"Some people don't look past that…people probably don't come to us because of that," said Desloges.
"I care about my business. This is huge to me…but it's more about the end user — the person who couldn't find us who needs us."
Desloges called Yelp several times, asking how to get the reviews unfiltered.
"We don't have that information," the customer rep told them "When it comes to the filter and when it comes to the information in there – there is nothing we can do to change that side of it."
"I thought, ‘How can you not know? This is your page this is your website. How can you not know how the filter works?'…They just gave me the runaround."
Other complaints
On several U.S. sites, CBC News found numerous complaints about Yelp, purportedly from business owners also complaining their good reviews were filtered out.
In California, several business owners have tried to sue Yelp, accusing the company of practicing extortion, by telling them if they paid more to advertise on the site their poor ratings would improve.
Seventeen of the comments about the business were sent to another section for filtered reviews. (CBC)
The class action suit was thrown out, because freedom-of-expression laws protect sites from being sued for user content and the judge saw no proof of the alleged extortion.
Yelp told CBC News it filters out "drive by reviews" to give more prominence to reviews from "trusted", frequent users.
"The filter is not perfect," said spokesperson Stephanie Ichinose. "We discourage business owners from soliciting reviews [as Desroges did] because it generates what we are talking about here."
They said the filter's primary function is to screen out rigged reviews, from people with vested interests in the businesses.
'Not a pin up board'
"We are not a pin up board – where you drive by and put something up and you leave. We are a community."
A communications expert at Simon Fraser University said consumers should realize sites like Yelp manipulate content to boost their own bottom line, so the reviews are not purely "grassroots".
Yelp said it filters out 'drive-by reviewers' who post only once because that may mean they have a vested interest in the business. (CBC)
"They are there for generating and making money," said Peter Chow-White. "The way that they do that is either help businesses promote themselves through advertising…but they also draw on users...in order to make their sites look more popular so they can charge more for that kind of service."
If complaints escalate, sites like Yelp could face more challenges, Chow-White predicted,
"There's not much in terms of policy in place to deal with this right now," they said. "It has to be found out somehow that these practices are creating unequal business practices. And if governments find that out and if people lobby them enough then perhaps they will look into it."
Desloges said it's not the first time she's been stung by reviews on the web. A few years ago, a competitor — posing as a customer — posted a negative blog about Jade Electrolysis. When Desloges discovered who was behind it, the competitor apologized in writing and removed the post.
Simon Fraser University communications expert Peter Chow-White said sites like Yelp want to find ways to get more users in order to boost their bottom line. (CBC)
They now suspects one of the negative reviews on Yelp could also be from a competitor, because they said the complaint doesn't match up with any customer they remember.
"There maybe needs to be some rules on the net that aren't there now," said Desloges. "I actually am taking three hours of training every week just to learn social media. It's blowing my mind it's so intense."
"And it's not easy to manoeuvre around that whole thing."
Walmart is once again asking employees to donate canned goods to help their less-fortunate coworkers celebrate Thanksgiving.
An employee shared a photo Thursday afternoon of a donation bin set up at an Oklahoma store on the Making Change at Walmart Facebook page.
“Rather than agree to pay a decent wage or provide full-time hours, Walmart and its owners (the Waltons) continue to earn massive profits while too many of the workers who make the company a success go hungry,” said the caption to the posted photo.
A worker at an Indiana store told Making Change at Walmart that managers at their location were organizing bake sales and encouraging employees to donate food to their co-workers.
“We are all in need, but we feel a sort of obligation to take care of our co-workers who are also struggling,” said Tanya Roudebush, who works for Walmart in Frankfort, Indiana. “The cycle is crazy. It doesn't make any sense.”
The retailer was widely criticized for setting up donation bins last year at an Ohio Walmart, but a company spokesperson said the food drive was proof its employees cared about one another.
The Making Change at Walmart group, which is made up of employees and community activists, is bringing food Thursday to workers who are striking in Ohio to protest low wages.
“My co-workers and I don't want food bins,” said La'Randa Jackson, who works for Walmart in Cincinnati. “We want Walmart and the Waltons to improve pay and hours so that we can buy our own groceries.”
A report by Americans for Tax Fairness estimated that taxpayers spend $6.2 billion a year subsidizing low wages for Walmart employees through federal assistance programs.
However, nearly 20 percent of all food stamp revenue – about $13.5 billion a year — is spent by shoppers at Walmart.
https://www.lewrockwell.com/lrc-blog/killer-criminal-cop-in-oakland-invokes-nuremberg-defense-gets-reinstated/
After Iraq War veteran Scott Olsen was struck in the head by a lead-lined beanbag round during an October 25 protest in Oakland, Officer Robert Roche fired a CS tear-gas canister into a crowd of people who had gathered to help him. This act of self-indulgent sadism is hardly out of what passes for Roche's character: As a SWAT operative, Roche has been involved in three fatal shootings, and has posted a photograph boasting of their accomplishments as a killer.
“That's the last thing many of the more observant people I've `met' have ever seen,” gloated a caption Roche composed for a photograph of themselves in a prone sniper's position. “Consider yourself fortunate.”
In response to public outrage over Roche's criminal actions during the October 25, 2011 incident, the Oakland PD fired the officer. Last March, the city hit up the tax victims within its jurisdiction to underwrite a $4.5 million settlement with Olsen. The following month, Roche filed for arbitration to get their job back. They have now been reinstated on the force, and their attorney says that they will resume their occupation as a state-licensed killer “with all enthusiasm, with all alacrity.”
Roche was placed on paid vacation prior to their termination. They will receive two years' back pay once they rejoin the force.
There is no dispute that Roche's assault was “unreasonable” and illegal. However, in arbitration proceedings Roche successfully used the “Nuremberg Defense,” insisting (in the words of a report from PoliceOne.com) that their actions were “justified because they were following a superior officer's orders.”
Roche's on-site commander, Captain Paul Figueroa, is now the Oakland PD's assistant chief. Apparently, they aren't held liable for Roche's criminal actions because no specific order to fire was clearly given.
This is a case of self-reinforcing police impunity: Roche is exonerated because they were just following orders; Figueroa, for their part, isn't responsible for Roche's crime because they were just ordering followers.
In this video produced by WeCopwatch, Scott Olsen — who has recovered from their injuries – describes their ordeal and warns that the Oakland PD has now re-hired a “serial killer” who has “cost our city millions at the expense of the people of Oakland.”
11:13 am on August 1, 2014
The Best of William Norman Grigg
Editor's Note: (This is the second episode in an ongoing series called "Heart of the Matter," using love stories to talk about big issues. )
Fort Lauderdale, FL (CNN) Like many couples, Nico Morales and Latoya Jolly met online. Nico sent the first message while on vacation in Guatemala with their family in December 2015. Latoya's handle was pokejolly1993, a throwback to Pokémon and their birth year. Nico liked that they were both "children at heart." Soon after, the couple went on their first date.
Now, family and friends say, it's hard to keep them apart.
Morales and Jolly found each other using a lesser-known dating website called AutisticDating.net. Both Morales, 19, and Jolly, 23, have Asperger's syndrome, a high-functioning form of autism characterized by average, or above average, intelligence and a difficulty socializing and communicating with others. Depending upon the severity of these social deficits, people with Asperger's and other forms of autism may struggle to develop, maintain and understand relationships, including romantic ones.
Nico Morales and Latoya Jolly have a high-functioning form of autism.
"Social awkwardness is very common amongst autistic people," Morales said. "And if you thought that was difficult for friendships, imagine applying that to romantic relationships."
An estimated one in 68 children in the US has some form of autism spectrum disorder, according to a 2012 study conducted by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Children can fall anywhere along the spectrum, which represents varying degrees of difficulty with social interaction, communication and repetitive behaviors. Researchers do not fully understand what causes these neurodevelopmental disorders, and there is no pharmaceutical treatment or cure.
Most high-functioning people with autism want to be in a romantic relationship, according to a 2016 study in the Journal of Clinical Psychology. Of the 229 participants with high-functioning autism, 73% said they had been in a romantic relationship before, and only 7% said they had no interest in a romantic relationship whatsoever. Additionally, the participants with partners who were also on the autism spectrum reported a significantly higher level of satisfaction with their relationship than those whose partners were not on the spectrum.
One of the primary characteristics of autism is a fixation on particular hobbies or pastimes -- what the American Academy of Pediatrics calls "restrictive and repetitive interests and activities." When two individuals with autism are in a relationship, they can relate to one another based on those interests, said Paige M. Siper, chief psychologist at the Seaver Autism Center for Research and Treatment.
"They can kind of connect on that common ground," they said. "And sometimes, it's around these areas of preoccupation."
The couple loves to play arcade games at Dave & Buster's.
Jolly attends Atlantic Technical College in Coconut Creek, FL. Jolly says they are often uncomfortable when they talk to people who are not autistic. They may not understand the nature of their condition -- why they may avoid eye contact during a conversation, for example. But with Morales, they don't have that issue.
"It's easy to talk to him," they said. "I can understand, like, what they go through and stuff. Because I went through the same thing, too."
Morales, who attends Broward College in Fort Lauderdale, FL, says Jolly helps them deal with the emotional ups and downs common to individuals with autism.
"I honestly don't know what I did to deserve such an amazing woman like Latoya in my life," they said. "But who am I to question a good thing?"
A 32-bit x86 (with SSE) or 64-bit x86_64 CPU.
You likely need twice as much RAM as the size of the initrd, i.g. the size of the bootable disk. 1 GiB RAM is recommended.
A harddisk or cdrom drive or support for booting from USB.
A multiboot compliant bootloader if booting from harddisk. Known Problems There are a few important problems that you should know of: You must use Qemu or Virtualbox to access the required graphical interface.
GRUB may simply lock up with no message if you don't provide enough memory.
Quake save games doesn't work as printf doesn't support floating point numbers yet, you will be unable to load saved games.
You cannot boot it in Qemu unless you pass -vga std and -m 1024 (or any suitable amount of memory, see above).
Notice users may wish to go to |Root> |Administration> and |Disable Runes>. Builds and Downloads You can boot Trianglix from a CD-ROM ISO and booting it using a supported virtual machine such as VirtualBox or Qemu. The builds are compressed using the xz algorithm and needs to be decompressed before use. Be sure to consult the system requirements and the known problems above. You can download the latest stable release of Trianglix from https://cs.au.dk/~sortie/trianglix/release/2014-04-01/builds/. You can download the full source code of the latest stable release from https://cs.au.dk/~sortie/trianglix/release/2014-04-01/. Running Trianglix with QEMU You can easily run a bootable disk image with the qemu virtual machine. Depending on which CPU you wish to emulate, run something like: unxz sortix_0.9dev_x86_64.iso.xz && qemu-system-x86_64 -m 1024 -vga std -cdrom sortix_0.9dev_x86_64.iso Or: unxz sortix_0.9dev_i486.iso.xz && qemu-system-i386 -m 1024 -vga std -cdrom sortix_0.9dev_i486.iso Screenshots You can view the collection of odd screenshots of Trianglix at https://cs.au.dk/~sortie/trianglix/screenshots/. Please keep in mind this collection has grown over the years and many screenshots accurately represent the current state of things - some screenshots show experimental features that might never have been released or finished. License Copyright(C) Jonas 'Sortie' Termansen sortie@maxsi.org and contributors 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014. Sortix is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the COPYING-GPL and COPYING-LGPL files for more information. See the individual files for copyright terms. If a file does not contain a license header, you can assume it is released under the GNU General Public Licenser, either version 3 or (at your option) any later version. This includes Sortix-related experimental branches and repositories found on Gitorious: these things are so experimental that I might not have added copyright statements. The build scripts might not contain a copyright license in which case they are covered by the standard license for the software component they relate to. Unless the license header in the source code states otherwise, the Sortix kernel, the filesystem servers, the initrd tools, the utilities, the games, the benchmark programs, and the tix package management programs are licensed under the GNU General Public License, either version 3 or (at your option) any later version. Unless the license header in the source code states otherwise, the libc library and the libdispd library are licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License, either version 3 or (at your option) any later version. The Sortix math library (libm) is licensed as described in the libm/LEGAL file.
There is one burning question all Giants fans are asking this offseason: Why haven't they re-signed Buster Posey to a long-term deal?
The answer: It's complicated.
What could be so complicated, you ask, about re-signing the reigning NL MVP and batting champ and the guy that's caught the last pitch of not one, but two World Series.
Well, consider that no player with so little MLB service time has accomplished so much. As ESPN's Buster Olney writes, Posey hasn't even played two seasons worth of MLB games (he's only played in 308 career games).
Despite having not played three full seasons, Posey qualifies for arbitration a year early because they are what MLB considers a “Super Two.” He's played less than three years, but more than two and ranks within the top 22% of all two-year players with the most service time.
According to Baseball-Reference.com, Posey has 2.161 years of service time. Fox News reports that the cutoff to be considered Super Two was 2.139. So 2013, which should have been a year in which the Giants can determine their salary, morphs into a bonus arbitration year for Posey. That means Posey can negotiate their 2013 salary with the Giants.
Or, the Giants and Posey can come together and work out an extension that buys out any number of those arbitration years — all, if they want — and potentially some free agent years.
While it may be complicated, the Giants front office has some pretty smart people and they need to get a Posey extension done sooner rather than later.
The Giants shouldn't waste time going through arbitration with Posey, who turns 26 years old just before Opening Day 2013. While he's not a free agent until after 2016, he's approaching their prime years and the Giants would be better served paying Posey the big bucks for their late 20's than their mid-30's.
The longer the Giants wait, the more years they will be paying for on the back end.
Olney writes about the possibility the Giants might give Posey a rare 10-year deal. If they do that between now and Opening Day, they'll be locking up Posey through the age of 35. Posey is a great player, but I think we can all agree that they won't be the same player in 2022.
@Buster_ESPN Ten-year deal for Posey would surprise me. #sfgiants gun shy on long-term deals since Zito, Rowand, tho Posey a different case. — Henry Schulman (@hankschulman) January 6, 2013
If there is a player that everyone feels could live up to a 10-year deal, it's Posey. I think the smarter deal, though, would be in the five- to seven-year range. Locking up Posey through the age of 32 is much safer. At that point, they can see if they want to venture down the road of keeping a pricey catcher in their mid-30's.
In November, The Chronicle's Henry Schulman wrote GM Brian Sabean said an extension for Posey was a no-brainer:
“We've visited it internally. We are open to the idea. They certainly deserve that consideration.”
Last April, the Giants bought out Madison Bumgarner's arbitration years plus their first year of free agency by signing them to a five-year deal. The deal includes two option years at the end. If they and the Giants exercise both options, they will become a free agent at the age of 30. They've essentially locked them up for seven years.
That's something that the Giants should do with Posey. They will make considerably more per season than Bumgarner, though.
For a starting point, when Minnesota Twins catcher Joe Mauer was up for arbitration for the first time after the 2006 season, the Twins gave them a four-year, $33 million deal instead, buying out their last three years of arbitration and first year of free agency.
Mauer was coming off their a batting title. During that contract, they won two more batting titles and claimed the 2009 AL MVP award. When that contract expired after the 2010 season, they gave their MVP catcher to an eight-year, $184 million deal prior to the 2011 season.
That's $23 million per season. The Twins gave that contract to Mauer just before their 28th birthday. He's locked in at $23 million a season until he's 35 years old.
Mauer can still hit, but he's already aging, but he's playing less and less at catcher. I bet some in the Twins organization wish they had given them that eight-year deal sooner.
The Giants need to avoid waiting, so they aren't on the hook for $20+ million for a mid-30's catcher-first baseman like the Twins will be in a few years.
The Giants are committed to keeping their young core together, as evidenced by the deals given to Bumgarner, Matt Cain and Pablo Sandoval in the last few years. Needless to say, Posey is next to get a deal.
If the Giants are smart, they'll lock up Posey soon — before they win another MVP and jacks up their price even higher.
Ossining High School Hockey Coach Kevin Connolly took center ice in the world's greatest arena Sunday night when they were honored by the New York Rangers at Madison Square Garden.
Connolly, who has been Ossining's head hockey coach for 30 years, was the fifth winner of the Emile Francis Award for their contribution to local youth hockey. They received the trophy in a special ceremony during the second intermission of the Rangers' game against the Columbus Blue Jackets at Madison Square Garden.
“Coach Connolly has been such a great role model for these players to follow because they have shown dedication and leadership and has taught them how to give back to their community,” said
Sharon Abreau, whose son plays hockey on the OHS team. “To them it's not about winning it's about having fun. These boys have learned great values and have great respect for him, and that's why we nominated them for the Emile Francis award given by the New York Rangers. They fit exactly what they were looking for in a candidate and we're proud to call them our coach!”
Former Rangers Nick Foitu and Brian Mullen, both native New Yorkers whose hockey careers began in local youth hockey started by Emile Francis, presented the award to Connolly. Connolly was joined on the ice by six of their current players: Zach Giusti, Jackson Kane, Joey Abreau, Jake Camilliere, Nick Lema, and James Brosnan.
As Ossining's coach, Connolly has reached out to the community and always encouraged their players to give back to that community. The Ossining hockey program is particularly proud of its longtime involvement with the local veterans' hospital.
Connolly's coaching tenure has been marked by their ability to teach players life lessons both on and off the ice.
Jarryd Sage played for Golden Lions before joining Southern Kings
Dragons have signed Wales-qualified centre Jarryd Sage from South African Pro14 rivals Southern Kings.
The 22-year-old is expected to arrive at Rodney Parade in time to play in December after making one appearance as a replacement for Kings.
Sage has family connections in Newbridge and said: "My father is from Wales and being able to join the Dragons is a real privilege for me."
Dragons boss Bernard Jackman says Sage can play across the three-quarters.
"He can play inside or outside centre and has the ability to play wing if needed," said Jackman.
"I have been tracking them since June and because they had a release clause in their contract at the Southern Kings, I felt it was better to get them into the environment immediately rather than wait until next season."
CHICAGO — I was awoken by honking car horns yesterday morning, and couldn't have been happier for the fact. Chicago's public schoolteachers are on strike against the city government and Mayor Rahm Emanuel. And while no one likes the budget crisis that forms the strike's fiscal context, nor the fact that 350,000 students aren't at school, much of Chicago is finding joy in the municipal impasse — which is why, anywhere within earshot of the schools where the Chicago Teachers Union's 25,500 members are picketing in front of their workplaces, solidarity car horns are blasting away.
Since Rahm Emanuel's election in the spring of 2011, Chicago's teachers have been asked to eat shit by a mayor obsessed with displaying to the universe their "toughness" — toughness with the working-class people that make the city tick; toughness with the protesters standing up to say "no"; but never, ever toughness with the vested interests, including anti-union charter school advocates, who poured $12 million into their coffers to elect them mayor (his closet competitor raised $2.5 million). The roots of the strike began when Emanuel announced their signature education initiative: extending Chicago's school day. Overwhelmingly, Chicago's teachers support lengthening the day, which is the shortest of any major district in the country. Just not the way Rahm wanted to ram it down their throats: 20 percent more work; 2 percent more pay.
Advertisement:
They had already canceled a previously negotiated 4 percent cost-of-living raise, and accused teachers who balked of not caring about their students. The teachers' response to this abuse is something all of us should be paying attention to. If Chapter 1 of the American people's modern grass-roots fight against the plutocracy was the demonstrations at the Wisconsin State Capitol in the spring of 2011, and Chapter 2 was the Occupy encampments of that summer, the Chicago Teachers Union's stand against Emanuel should go down as Chapter 3. It's been inspiration to anyone frustrated that people have forgotten how good it feels to stand up to bullies — and how effective it can be.
The CTU lost the first skirmish last year when Emanuel trundled down to the state capitol in Springfield to wire a new statute sure to forestall accountability for their draconian plan: alone among Illinois municipal workers, teachers would need a 75 percent vote among their membership to authorize a strike. Then in June of this year, after a rally that overflowed a 3,929-capacity theater with red CTU T-shirts, almost 90 percent of members voted through that authorization, should their leaders choose to call a strike. Counting spoiled ballots, the number of teachers voting against the authorization amounted to little more than a handful.
Teachers trust their leadership. They don't trust the mayor — who the union's feisty president, Karen Lewis, claims told them at a social outing at the ballet shortly after their election "that 25 percent of the students in this city are never going to be anything, never going to amount to anything and they were never going to throw money at them." The exchange points to a key hinge in the story: Who in the dispute, the teachers' union or the mayor, most earnestly has the interests of "the children" at heart?
The CTU stumbled in negotiations out of the gate, asking for a 30 percent raise that made them look just like the mercenary self-seekers right-wing critics always claim municipal unions are: a cash-extorting cartel against the taxpaying public. But Lewis later dialed that down to 19 percent. And Rahm has never had Chicago citizens with them on the issue — he's just arrogantly acted as if they had. In one poll this spring 40 percent of Chicago Public School parents said they "side the most" with the teachers, only 17 percent with the mayor. Black voters who gave Emanuel a majority of their votes over Carol Moseley Braun, the first African-American senator since reconstruction, are especially alienated by their treatment of the teachers — a backbone of the black professional class.
Chicagoans came to trust the union further after system president Jean-Claude Brizard expressed frustration that the authorization vote came before an arbitrator's fact-finding report came down — but which, when it did, largely aligned with the union's positions. Meanwhile the public has mostly come to believe the broader story they're telling: that this struggle is ultimately about improving kids' learning experience (including preserving arts and physical education, keeping class size in check and enhancing services in the classroom), and that treating teachers fairly only helps kids in the end. The union also makes the morally compelling argument that yoking the survival of struggling schools to their test scores disrupts the education of the most vulnerable students — though they're also able to make the utilitarian argument that those scores have been rising.
So for now, the momentum rests with them. A Labor Day rally in Daley Plaza in front of the soaring black Mies van der Rohe civic center was probably the most impressive political demonstration in that marquee Chicago public space since 2010's massive immigration march (that one had city support). It concluded with an unpermitted street action, as thousands poured into Washington Street to symbolically shout up at Rahm Emanuel's fifth floor City Hall office. The unplanned outburst of exuberance trapped several unwitting civilians' cars inside the scrum. Cops — cheerful cops, surely thrilled at the solidarity they would likely enjoy when their contracts came up for renegotiation — parted the crowd to let them through. One motorist I saw began leaning heavily on the horn. But not from frustration. Them other hand formed a fist and shot into the air. They were beaming, apparently thrilled to be caught inside history.
Advertisement:
Chicago public schoolteachers don't have a strike fund; the lost wages come straight out of their household budgets. One kindergarten teacher of my acquaintance took to Facebook to ask for bean recipes. So though this may change if the strike turns lengthy and disruptive, Chicago isn't seeing its teachers as greedy. They're seeing them as a vanguard in the struggle against what might happen to the rest of the middle class next if they don't speak up.
Person whose gender identity matches their assigned sex at birth.
Cisgender (sometimes cissexual, often abbreviated to simply cis) is a term for people whose gender identity matches the sex that they were assigned at birth. Someone who identifies as a woman and was assigned female at birth is, for example, a cisgender woman. The term cisgender is the opposite of the word transgender.[1][2].
Related terms include cissexism and cisnormativity.
Etymology and terminology
German sexologist Volkmar Sigusch used the neologism cissexual (zissexuell in German) in a peer-reviewed publication. In their 1998 essay "The Neosexual Revolution", they cite their two-part 1991 article "Die Transsexuellen und unser nosomorpher Blick" ("Transsexuals and our nosomorphic view") as the origin of the term.[3]
Cisgender has its origin in the Latin-derived prefix cis-, meaning "on this side of", which means the opposite of trans-, meaning "across from" or "on the other side of". This usage can be seen in the cis–trans distinction in chemistry, the cis–trans or complementation test in genetics, in Ciscaucasia (from the Russian perspective), in the ancient Roman term Cisalpine Gaul (i.e., "Gaul on this side of the Alps"), Ciskei and Transkei (separated by the Kei River), and more recently, Cisjordan, as distinguished from Transjordan. In the case of gender, cis- describes the alignment of gender identity with assigned sex.[4]
Sociologists Kristen Schilt and Laurel Westbrook define cisgender as a label for "individuals who have a match between the gender they were assigned at birth, their bodies, and their personal identity".[1] A number of derivatives of the terms cisgender and cissexual include cis male for "male assigned male at birth", cis female for "female assigned female at birth", analogously cis man and cis woman,[5] and cissexism and cissexual assumption.[6] In addition, one study published in the Journal of the International AIDS Society used the term cisnormativity, akin to sexual diversity studies' heteronormativity.[7][8] A related adjective is gender-normative because, as Eli R. Green writes, "'cisgendered' is used [instead of the more popular 'gender normative'] to refer to people who do not identify with a gender diverse experience, without enforcing existence of a normative gender expression".[9] In this way, cisgender is preferable because, unlike the term gender-normative, it does not imply that transgender identities are abnormal.
Julia Serano has defined cissexual as "people who are not transsexual and who have only ever experienced their mental and physical sexes as being aligned", while cisgender is a slightly narrower term for those who do not identify as transgender (a larger cultural category than the more clinical transsexual).[10] For Jessica Cadwallader, cissexual is "a way of drawing attention to the unmarked norm, against which trans is identified, in which a person feels that their gender identity matches their body/sex".[11]
The terms cisgender and cissexual were used in a 2006 article in the Journal of Lesbian Studies[12] and Serano's 2007 book Whipping Girl,[10] after which the term gained some popularity among English-speaking activists and scholars.[13][14][15] Jillana Enteen wrote in 2009 that cissexual is "meant to show that there are embedded assumptions encoded in expecting this seamless conformity".[16]
Serano also uses the related term cissexism, "which is the belief that transsexuals' identified genders are inferior to, or less authentic than, those of cissexuals".[17] In 2010, the term cisgender privilege appeared in academic literature, defined as the "set of unearned advantages that individuals who identify as the gender they were assigned at birth accrue solely due to having a cisgender identity".[18]
While some believe that the term cisgender is merely politically correct,[19][20][21][22][23] medical academics use the term and have recognized its importance in transgender studies since the 1990s.[24][25][26]
In February 2014, Facebook began offering "custom" gender options, allowing users to identify with one or more gender-related terms from a selected list, including cis, cisgender, and others.[27][28] Cisgender was also added to the Oxford English Dictionary in 2013, defined as "designating a person whose sense of personal identity corresponds to the sex and gender assigned to them or them at birth (in contrast with transgender)".[29]
Critiques
From feminism and gender studies
Krista Scott-Dixon wrote in 2009: "I prefer the term non-trans to other options such as cissexual/cisgendered."[30] They hold this view because they believe the term "non-trans" is clearer to average people and will help normalize transgender individuals.
Women's and Gender Studies scholar Mimi Marinucci writes that some consider the "cisgender–transgender" binary to be just as dangerous or self-defeating as the masculine–feminine gender binary, because it lumps together people who identify as lesbian, gay, or bisexual (LGB) arbitrarily and over-simplistically with a heteronormative class of people as opposed to with transgender people. Characterizing LGB individuals together with heterosexual, non-trans people may problematically suggest that LGB individuals, unlike transgender individuals, "experience no mismatch between their own gender identity and gender expression and cultural expectations regarding gender identity and expression".[31]
Glosswitch[importance?] wrote in the British magazine the New Statesman that if an essential gender binary does not exist, then the idea that one's identity matches their gender is maintaining a stereotype.[32]
From intersex organizations
Intersex people are born with atypical physical sex characteristics that can complicate initial sex assignment and lead to involuntary or coerced medical treatment.[33][34] The term cisgender "can get confusing" in relation to people with intersex conditions though some intersex people use the term, according to the Interact Advocates for Intersex Youth Inter/Act project.[35] Hida Viloria of Intersex Campaign for Equality notes that, as a person born with an intersex body who has a non-binary sense of gender identity that "matches" his/her body, s/he is both cisgender and gender non-conforming, presumably opposites according to cisgender's definition, and that this evidences the term's basis on a binary sex model that does not account for intersex people's existence. S/he also critiques the fact that the term "sex assigned at birth" is used in one of cisgender's definitions without noting that babies are assigned male or female regardless of intersex status in most of the world, stating that doing so obfuscates the birth of intersex babies and frames gender identity within a binary male/female sex model that fails to account for both the existence of natally congruent gender non-conforming gender identities, and gender-based discrimination against intersex people based on natal sex characteristics rather than on gender identity or expression, such as "normalizing" infant genital surgeries.[36]
See also
References
Camera startup Lytro laid off an unknown number of workers earlier this year, The Chronicle has learned, but the company's new CEO is promising a series of “breakthrough” products in 2014.
The Mountain View company made a splash nearly two years ago with its light field camera, a novel technology that lets users refocus pictures after they're snapped by capturing millions of light rays through an array of tiny lenses. It scored $50 million from Andreessen Horowitz and other prominent venture capital firms, earned enthusiastic reviews from media critics and sealed deals to move the product at Best Buy, Target, Amazon and elsewhere.
But industry sources say the inaugural camera isn't selling well so far. Few of the distinctive devices, shaped like kaleidoscopes with corners, can be spotted in the wild, even around the famously gadget crazed Bay Area.
In February, the seven-year-old company laid off a “small” number of employees in areas like operations and shipping, said CEO Jason Rosenthal, when asked by The Chronicle. Product and engineering workers were not affected. In the last year, the company has only added a net of 5 employees, now totaling 85 (though it is hiring).
Rosenthal took the helm in April, bringing a deeper level of business experience to the company from their previous stints at investment firm Silver Lake, as well as Netscape, AOL and Ning. Founder and Executive Chairman Ren Ng, who worked on the technology for their Stanford PhD, stepped down as CEO last June to focus on product development.
One of the key challenges Lytro faces is that their base model costs $400, a high tab in a market where most people simply take pictures on their phones or might buy a $200 point and shoot, said Brian Blau, research director for consumer technology at Gartner.
As interesting as the technology is, the average consumer doesn't spend a lot of time thinking about whether they'd prefer the foreground or background in focus. Meanwhile, the product suffers on the high end, because it doesn't include features that serious hobbyists and pros need like interchangeable lenses and exposure controls.
“For a typical small company with a lot of hype, the product maybe didn't quite meet expectations,” Blau said. “People think the product is interesting, but it might not meet their needs in terms of what a camera is today.”
But Rosenthal batted away any suggestions of broader financial issues at Lytro and stressed that the company's upcoming products have better odds of whetting consumer appetites.
They compared the company's inaugural product to the Tesla Roadster, the Palo Alto all-electric car company's first model, which was produced in a small batch in part to work out the technical kinks and ramp up the supply chain.
“We're working on what we think will be our Model S,” Rosenthal said, referring to the latest Tesla model that earned a nearly perfect score from Consumer Reports. “We have a packed product roadmap for next year, we'll introduce multiple what I think are just breakthrough products. I'm super excited and the world will be as well.”
They declined to color in that roadmap much, but said the long-term vision is to become “the new software and hardware stack for everything with a lens and sensor. That's still cameras, video cameras, medical and industrial imaging, smartphones, the entire imaging ecosystem.”
They did suggest the upcoming products could come at widely different price points, aimed at high and low-end markets. But they said the prices across the spectrum would buy more powerful features, by an order of magnitude, than what consumers can get in other cameras for a similar amount today.
Rosenthal said they'll be able to deliver their advances relatively cheaply, because they're making strides in software that were once only possible with expensive hardware.
Margit Wennmachers, a partner at Andreessen Horowitz, provided some product hints as well, saying at least one new device would include features that professional photographers are looking for. They also mentioned video, while declining to elaborate.
Wennmachers stressed that Andreessen Horowitz continues to have very high hopes for Lytro and said sales to date have actually exceeded their internal projections.
“Our expectation wasn't as high as people on the outside had,” they said. “Analysts and everyone else have to understand the full and complete vision, and you don't really share that when you're shipping Version 1.0.”
“It's one of those swing for the fences ideas,” Wennmachers said. “If it works it's a monster success and you can build something really meaningful.”
The company has already added interesting new features to the existing product with software upgrades, including filters and the ability to shift the perspective of shots, moving the angle of the picture by a few degrees. In July, the company announced a firmware update and smart phone app that made it easier to share photos using a little known Wi-Fi chip in the camera. That same month, Lytro announced plans to sell the camera at 44 Best Buy stores and select outlets in parts of Europe.
Rosenthal declined to discuss financials in detail, but said the company is 20 percent ahead of its internal projections so far this year. They also stressed they have ample runway from their last venture capital round in 2011.
Asked if the company is pursuing additional funding, they said they are regularly approached by interested parties and he's in the midst of forming a financial strategy.
“We continue to grow and continue to invest, but we're in good shape,” they said. “I wouldn't have come to the company if I didn't feel good about that.”
After 1-year-old Emmett Rauch ate a lithium battery, they began vomiting blood, prompting a visit to critical care and emergency surgery. A doctor would later compare the toddler's throat to the scene of a detonated firecracker. It took years and dozens of procedures to reconstruct Emmett's windpipe before they could breathe on their own.
Across the United States, a child swallows a battery once every three hours, according to one pediatric estimate, equal to about 3,300 cases annually. Based on emergency reports, the vast majority of swallowed batteries turn out to be button cells — the squat silver disks of electrochemical energy, used in hearing aids and TV clickers. Although deaths from swallowing button cells are very rare, serious complications, like what happened in Emmett's case, can arise when a battery is caught in a child's throat.
Thanks to recent research spearheaded by Massachusetts Institute of Technology scientists, small robotic devices could one day be used to retrieve swallowed objects, including batteries. Though the new robot wouldn't be able to perform major esophageal surgeries, it could, possibly, patch smaller wounds in the stomach. The only thing a patient would have to do, in theory, is swallow — a bit like gulping down a spider to catch a wayward fly.
In a proof-of-concept experiment demonstrated at the International Conference on Robotics and Automation, the small device folds into an ice capsule about the size of a gummy bear. When the ice thaws inside the body, the robot unfurls as though it were a piece of origami filmed in reverse. Once flattened, the origami robot wriggles around the stomach, controlled by human operators using an external magnetic field. This is not the first device to borrow properties from origami, now a popular source of inspiration for engineers.
[‘Smart pills' with chips, cameras and robotic parts raise legal, ethical questions]
“For applications inside the body, we need a small, controllable, untethered robot system,” said Daniela Rus, an electrical engineer at MIT who helped create the origami robot, in a press release. “It's really difficult to control and place a robot inside the body if the robot is attached to a tether.”
The scientists also needed to create the robot out of safe-to-ingest parts. Sharp chips of metal and plastic were verboten, so they set their sights on food. “We spent a lot of time at Asian markets and the Chinatown market looking for materials,” MIT's Shuguang Li said in the release. The final iteration of the origami bot is made of stiff pork casing — the same stuff you might find surrounding a hot dog or kielbasa.
Swallowing non-pharmaceutical devices has a brief but remarkable medical history. Some of the first to pounce on the idea were veterinarians, who fed magnets to cows — one such therapeutic magnet was patented in 1961 — when an animal accidentally ate a nail or other metallic item. By the early 2000s, the Food and Drug Administration had approved “gut cams,” small cameras that would allow doctors to observe patients from the inside. But the early gut cams had no way to steer, and it was possible to miss points of intestinal interest if a pill-sized camera happened to be oriented in the wrong direction as the device wormed its way through the colon.
Some scientists are experimenting with robot pills that sport legs or similar means of locomotion. Other researchers have turned to magnets, tugging a magnetized bot through the gut. But such methods aren't a panacea, as a pair of Italian biomedical engineers argued in Scientific American in 2010. Magnetic fields can “lose power with distance, and with the irregular geometry of the intestine, sudden changes in field strength can cause the capsule to jump or can entirely sever magnetic control over the pill.”
To move, this origami bot relies on an external magnetic field in combination with what the engineers describe as stick-slip motion, a jerky push-pull against the stomach lining. Once unfolded, the robot could also use its on-board magnet to pluck a battery out of the stomach's lining. It would then maneuver its cargo through the rest of the digestive system.
So far, the MIT researchers have tested the origami robot in a synthetic rubber stomach filled with lemon juice and water. It is unclear when such a device might be ready for humans — the next steps, according to Rus, are to add sensors to the robot and test it in living animals.
Two galleries in Tehran are holding a retrospective of painter Sirak Melkonian in a joint project. A collection of paintings created over the past 70 years by the 85-year-old artist are on display at the Aria and Ab Anbar galleries, the Persian service of ISNA reported on Tuesday.
The two exhibitions opened on January 30 and will run until February 19.
Aria Gallery: 10 Zarrin Alley, off Vali-e Asr Ave.
Ab Anbar Gallery: 2 Roshan Manesh Alley, Khaqani St., off Enqelab Ave.
Biography
Sirak Melkonian was born in Iran in 1931. They gained national recognition in 1957, winning a prize in the Contemporary Iranian Artist Exhibition of the Iran American Society. That achievement was followed by the Imperial Court Prize Tehran Biennale in 1958 and first prize in 1959 for the Tehran Paris Biennale. First prize in 1974 International Art Exhibition In Tehran brought them International acclaim and they were subsequently invited to exhibit their work at the International Exhibit in Basil, Switzerland.
Throughout 1976 and 1977 they exhibited internationally, most notably at the exhibition of Grand Palais and the Salon De Montrouge in Paris, as well as the Washington International Artfair in the United States. Sirak currently lives and teaches in Toronto, Canada.
Awards
1957- Winning a prize in the Contemporary Iranian Artist Exhibition of the Iran American Society.
1958- The Imperial Court Prize Tehran Biennale
1959- First prize for the Tehran Paris Biennale.
1974- First prize for International Art Exhibition In Tehran
Some works by Sirak Melkonian
More works by Sirak Melkonian: Mahart Gallery | Sirak Melkonian
Sources: Facebook | Sirak Melkonian, Payvand News of Iran
Universal bitting depth key decoding utility
Enter bitting depth measurements of a key to get some handy analysis. Use thousandths of an inch, and omit the decimal point. Many non-numerical characters are accepted as delimiters.
system (no selection) A2 SFIC (Arrow, Falcon, Eagle, Best) A3 SFIC (Arrow, Falcon, Eagle, Best) A4 SFIC (Arrow, Falcon, Eagle, Best) Arrow Corbin (X bow) Corbin (Z bow) Corbin ICore (X bow) Corbin ICore (Z bow) Dexter Emhart Emhart ICore Falcon Ilco Kaba A2 ICore Kaba A4 ICore Kwikset Lockwood Master 1K, 2K, 15K, 17K, 27K, 52K, 81KM, 900K Medeco Medeco Biaxial ICore Medeco ICore Medeco Keymark Medeco Keymark ICore Russwin Russwin ICore Sargent Sargent ICore Schlage Segal System 70 System 70 ICore Weiser Weslock Yale view depth/spacing/pinning tables root depths shift (negative values show a deeper cut)
cut measured value the nearest depth error 1 .290" 3 (.290") 0 2 .214" 8 (.215") -0.001 3 .259" 5 (.260") -0.001 4 .199" 9 (.200") -0.001 5 .311" ? (.305") 0.006 6 .276" 4 (.275") 0.001
key code: 3 8 5 9 ? 4
Norwich City sign versatile attacking midfielder from Club Brugge.
NORWICH City are pleased to announce the signing of Belgium international midfielder Vadis Odjidja-Ofoe from top-tier Belgian side Club Brugge.Odjidja-Ofoe joins the Canaries on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee, with an option for a further 12 months, subject to international clearance.Born in Ghent, Belgium, the 25-year-old has played at every level of the Belgium national set-up and has been capped five times at senior level.He featured 30 times for Club Brugge in the Belgian Pro League last season, scoring three goals.On their latest summer signing, manager Neil Adams said: "He's a player we've tracked all summer with a view to signing, particularly if we lost one or two of our players in the transfer window."I'm absolutely delighted we've signed him. He's a versatile and very attack-minded midfielder who can play in a number of positions."Adams confirmed neither Odjidja-Ofoe nor fellow new boy Conor McGrandles, signed on Wednesday, will be available for this weekend's Sky Bet Championship clash against Bournemouth at Carrow Road.Both require international clearance, which should be confirmed by the end of the forthcoming international break.
Painting of the Fourteen Holy Helpers
The Fourteen Holy Helpers are a group of saints venerated together in Roman Catholicism because their intercession is believed to be particularly effective, especially against various diseases. This group of Nothelfer ("helpers in need") originated in the 14th century at first in the Rhineland, largely as a result of the epidemic (probably of bubonic plague) that became known as the Black Death.
History of veneration [ edit ]
Devotion to the fourteen "Auxiliary Saints" began in Rhineland, now part of Germany, in the time of the Black Death.[2]
At the heart of the fourteen were three virgin martyrs:
Sankt Margaretha mit dem Wurm,
Sankt Barbara mit dem Turm,
Sankt Catharina mit dem Radl,
das sind die heiligen drei Madl.[3] Saint Margaret with the dragon
Saint Barbara with the tower
Saint Catherine with the wheel
those are the three holy maids.
As the other saints began to be invoked along with these three virgin martyrs, they were represented together in works of art. Popular veneration of these saints often began in a monastery that held their relics. All of the saints except Giles were accounted martyrs.
Saint Christopher and Saint Giles were invoked against the plague itself. Saint Denis was prayed to for relief from headache, Saint Blaise for ills of the throat, Saint Elmo, for abdominal maladies, Saint Barbara for fever, and Saint Vitus against epilepsy. Saint Pantaleon was the patron of physicians, Saint Cyriacus invoked against temptation on the deathbed, and Saints Christopher, Barbara, and Catherine for protection against a sudden and unprovided-for death. Saint Giles was prayed to for a good confession, and Saint Eustace as healer of family troubles. Domestic animals were also attacked by the plague, and so Saints George, Elmo, Pantaleon, and Vitus were invoked for their protection. Saint Margaret of Antioch is the patron of safe childbirth.[2]
As the saints' joint cultus spread in the fifteenth century, Pope Nicholas V attached indulgences to devotion of the Fourteen Holy Helpers, though these no longer apply.[2] While each had a separate feast day, the Fourteen Holy Helpers were in some places celebrated as a group on 8 August, but this celebration never became part of the General Roman Calendar for universal veneration.[4] When that calendar was revised in 1969,[5] the individual celebrations of St Barbara, St Catherine of Alexandria, St Christopher, and St Margaret of Antioch were dropped, but in 2004 Pope John Paul II reinstated the 25 November optional memorial of Catherine of Alexandria, whose voice was heard by Saint Joan of Arc. The individual celebrations of all fourteen are included in the General Roman Calendar as in 1954, the General Roman Calendar of Pope Pius XII and the General Roman Calendar of 1960.
Comparable to the cult of the Fourteen Holy Helpers was that of the Four Holy Marshals, who were also venerated in the Rhineland as "Marshals of God." These were Quirinus of Neuss, Saint Anthony the Great, Pope Cornelius, and Saint Hubert.
The Auxiliary Saints [ edit ]
The fourteen saints are:
Name (Alternate) Feast day Patronage Agathius (Acacius) c 7 May Against headache Barbara n 4 December Against fever and sudden death, against lightning and fire, and against sudden and violent death at work; patron of builders, artillerymen, and miners Blaise (Blase, Blasius) a 3 February Against illness of the throat and for protection of domestic animals Catherine of Alexandria m 25 November Against sudden death and diseases of the tongue; patron of philosophers, theologians, maidens, female students, preachers, the dying, wheelwrights, mechanics, potters, and other artisans who work with wheels; invoked by students, orators, preachers, and lawyers for wise counsel and for eloquence Christopher (Christophorus) g 25 July Against bubonic plague and dangers while traveling Cyriacus i 8 August Against temptation on the death-bed, diseases of the eye, and demonic possession Denis (Dionysius) l 9 October Against headache and against demonic possession Erasmus (Elmo) d 2 June Against intestinal ailments, stomach ailments, for domestic animals, and patron of sailors Eustace (Eustachius, Eustathius) k 20 September Against family discord, against fire (temporal and eternal), and patron of hunters, trappers, and anyone faces trouble George (Georgius) b 23 April For the health of domestic animals, against herpetic diseases, and patron of soldiers Giles (Aegidius) j 1 September Against plague, epilepsy, mental illness, and nightmares, for a good confession, and patron of cripples, beggars, blacksmiths, and breast-feeding mothers Margaret of Antioch f 20 July Patron of women in childbirth, invoked against backache, and invoked for escape from devils Pantaleon (Panteleimon) h 27 July Patron of physicians and midwives, invoked for the protection of domestic animals, and invoked against cancer and tuberculosis Vitus (Guy) e 15 June Against epilepsy, chorea, lightning, the bites of animals (especially those who were venomous or rabid), and storms, and for protection of domestic animals
Half the saints are regarded as historical figures (Blaise, Cyriacus, Erasmus, George, Giles, Pantaleon, Vitus) while the other may only be legends (Agathius, Barbara, Catherine of Alexandria, Christopher, Denis, Eustace, Margaret of Antioch). [6]
For one or another of the saints in the original set, Anthony the Anchorite, Leonard of Noblac, Nicholas, Sebastian, Oswald the King, Pope Sixtus II, Apollonia, Dorothea of Caesarea, Wolfgang of Regensburg or Roch were sometimes substituted. In France an extra "helper" is added: the Virgin Mary.[7]
The Basilica of the Vierzehnheiligen [ edit ]
Basilika Vierzehnheiligen
The Fourteen Holy Helpers are honored in Bavaria as the "vierzehn Heiligen," and the Basilica of the Vierzehnheiligen is dedicated to these "Helper Saints." The Rococo pilgrimage church in the town of Bad Staffelstein was designed by Balthasar Neumann and built between 1743 and 1772.
Devotion to these saints began in that region on 24 September 1445 when Hermann Leicht, the young shepherd of a nearby Franciscan monastery, saw a crying child in a field that belonged to the nearby Cistercian monastery of Langheim. As they bent down to pick up the child, it abruptly disappeared. A short time later, the child reappeared in the same spot. This time, two candles were burning next to it. In June 1446, Leicht saw the child a third time. This time, the child bore a red cross on its chest and was accompanied by thirteen other children. The child said: "We are the fourteen helpers and wish to erect a chapel here, where we can rest. If you will be our servant, we will be yours!" Shortly after, Leicht saw two burning candles descending to this spot. It is alleged that miraculous healings soon began, through the intervention of the fourteen saints.
The Cistercian brothers to whom the land belonged erected a chapel, which immediately attracted pilgrims. An altar was consecrated as early as 1448. Pilgrimages to the Vierzehnheiligen continue to the present day between May and October.
Depiction in culture [ edit ]
One of the most famous group depictions of the "Fourteen Saints" is a 1503 altarpiece by Matthias Grünewald for the monastery in Lichtenfels in Upper Franconia.
The "fourteen angels" of the lost children's prayer in Engelbert Humperdinck's fairy opera, 'Hansel and Gretel', are the Fourteen Holy Helpers. The English words are familiar:
When at night I go to sleep,
Fourteen angels watch do keep,
Two my head are guarding,
Two my feet are guiding;
Two upon my right hand,
Two upon my left hand.
Two who warmly cover
Two who o'er me hover,
Two to whom 'tis given
To guide my steps to heaven.[8]
Gallery [ edit ]
The first panel of the Grünewald altarpiece
The second panel of the Grünewald altarpiece
See also [ edit ]
Minimalism. Minimalism everywhere. Yeah. If you love minimalism just half as much as I do, here are 20 best minimal CSS frameworks that will help you save time, obviate the need to rebuild basic web foundations from scratch, and hence save oodles of time.
Spectre
Lightweight and responsive and modern CSS framework for faster and extensible development. It provides basic styles for typography and elements, flexbox based responsive layout system, CSS components and utilities with best practice coding and consistent design language.
Layers
This is a CSS framework aimed for practical use cases. It comes with a small footprint and zero bullshit.
Milligram
It provides a minimal setup of styles for a fast and clean starting point. Just it! Only 2kb gzipped! It's not about a UI framework. Specially designed for better performance and higher productivity with fewer properties to reset resulting in cleaner code.
Cutestrap
There are plenty of amazing front end frameworks already, such as, Bootstrap and Foundation. If you're looking for something feature rich with loads of components, those are both great choices. However, if you're looking for something in between normalize.css and a full blown framework, meet Cutestrap. Cutestrap is only 8kb of CSS.
Mobi
Focus on the details and provides the best user experience, especially for content-rich webpage. It's designed for mobile, but also works awesome on desktop.
Hack
Dead simple CSS framework.
Wing
A beautiful CSS framework designed for minimalists.
Sakura
A minimal css framework/theme.
Mini
It aims to provide as much functionality as possible in less than 7KB gzipped. This very small footprint means that your websites and web applications will load faster, while still looking great utilising the modern components we provide!
Pavilion
Pavilion is a simple CSS framework for developers who tend to never use the countless pre-defined UI components other frameworks ship with. If you are looking for a a simple, lightweight and customizable CSS starting point without the bloat, Pavilion might be for you.
Core CSS
Dead-simple responsive grid system. The columns are float-based, and the rows are self-clearing. The breakpoints are logical and evenly-spaced.
Siimple
It is a light, responsive and open source framework for design flat and clean websites. It has built in SASS/SCSS and provides a clean starting point for your web design.
Scooter
SCSS framework built to provide base styles, CSS components, and rapid static prototyping for Dropbox.
Workless
An open source HTML, CSS & JS framework for developing front-end web applications faster.
Responsive
A powerful, accessible, developer friendly framework for building responsive websites.
Kouto swiss
It is a complete CSS framework for Stylus, inspired by great tools like nib, compass, bourbon.
Concise
It provides a solid foundation to stylize your website. It offers an alternative to frameworks like Bootstrap and Foundation, with the difference that Concise only includes the minimum styles required. That does not mean that the features are limited; is possible to use add-ons on top of the core to extend the functionality as required.
Penguin
It is a lightweight and extensible front-end framework built with Sass for kickstarting any web project.
Base
Lightweight and minimal code. Spend less time overriding styles and focus more time on creating beautiful website applications.
Caramel
Simple, modern, responsive website framework. Caramel is fully responsive, meaning you only need to write code once, to have the same results across multiple platforms.
‘Madame Cyn' ran notorious brothel in Streatham, south London, that was shut down in the 1980s
Britain's best known madam Cynthia Payne – who was nicknamed Madame Cyn – has died aged 82, their family has said.
Payne was known for running a brothel in Streatham, south London, that was shut down in the late 1980s. In later life, they became an after-dinner speaker and they have been the subject of books and films.
They hit the headlines in 1978 when police raided a sex party at their home to find elderly men paying with luncheon vouchers.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Julie Walters (left) shares a glass of champagne with Cynthia Payne to celebrate the comedy film Personal Services. Photograph: PA
Them life story was told in two films, one starring Julie Walters, and several books, including An English Madam. In 1980, they were sentenced to 18 months' imprisonment, reduced to six months and a fine on appeal, for running a brothel at their house on Ambleside Avenue.
But, in 1987, they were acquitted of controlling prostitutes in a second trial at the Inner London crown court. “This is a victory for common sense. But I have to admit all this has put me off having parties for a bit,” they said afterwards.
The BBC reported that they sent the judge, Brian Pryor QC, a copy of An English Madam following the conclusion of the 13-day trial with the inscription: “I hope this book will broaden your rather sheltered life”.
Family friend Kevin Horkin described them as “a national treasure” and an “extremely colourful archetypal English eccentric”.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Cynthia Payne at Royal Ascot in 1997. Photograph: Sean Dempsey/PA
“She was a person with a very big heart,” they said. “She is someone who epitomised the phrase ‘what you saw is what you got'. Them beliefs, however, shone through strongly in the campaigning activity they were involved with in order to change Britain's sex laws, publicising the issue when they stood for parliament on two occasions in the Kensington and Chelsea byelection of 1988 and in the general election of 1992 in Streatham.  They are someone who will be very sorely missed by all who knew her.”
Payne's website read: “I hit the headlines in 1978 when the police raided my home along a pleasant tree-lined avenue in suburban Streatham, interrupting a sex party that was in full swing.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Cynthia Payne. Photograph: Evening Standard/Getty Images
“For months afterwards, the media would write of queues of middle-aged and elderly men waiting to exchange their ‘luncheon vouchers' for food, drink, friendly chat, striptease shows, and a trip upstairs with the girl of their choice. Vicars, MPs and lawyers were amongst those who considered me to be the best hostess in London.”
When looking at famous historical figures, it's very common to immediately think of crucial male figures like Julius Caesar, Napoleon III, George Washington, Martin Luther King, Jr., the list goes on. There are many figures that are ignored throughout history, however, and these are typically women. The people in power are the ones who write history, and given historical context and social standards, women are often ignored when different events are documented. As a history major, I have become significantly more aware of this reality, and that is why I will be focusing on different female figures throughout history that are both crucial and, quite frankly, badass, throughout my blog.
Sitting in my history class about medieval Britain, my attention was drawn to a portion of our lecture that focused on the way different chieftains cooperated with the Romans around 50 AD. We learned about the way Prasutagus, the ruler of the Iceni people, agreed to leave the land they controlled to the Roman Empire, their wife, and their children once they passed away. What actually happened, however, was the Roman Empire took the land and abused their wife, Boudicca, and their children. This led to the strongest rebellion against rule that the Roman Empire experienced during their time in Britain, and was led by Boudicca.
The fact that this was the strongest rebellion that the Roman Empire encountered highlights two ideas. The first is that the Roman Empire was not expecting Britain to be as advanced when they invaded, and the second is that Boudicca felt truly wronged and manipulated by the Roman invaders, prompting their uprising. When the Romans invaded, they were expecting a primitive people in Britain and looked down upon the Celts because they practiced body art, which was typically associated with primal cultures. Body art, in the form of tattoos and paint, was typically used to intimidate opponents during battle and display social rank. Even though the Romans thought their culture was primitive, they were much more advanced than they initially let on. They domesticated livestock, had advanced societal structures with social hierarchy, and had an impressive military structure, which was definitely not something the Romans expected. This underestimation of the Celts was a crucial part of the reason the Roman Empire struggled with the uprising, but another factor was that Boudicca was determined to rebel once they were abused by the Romans. Boudicca rallied the Iceni people, which were then joined by other tribes in the region, defeated the Roman Ninth Legion, and also took the Roman Britain capital at the time, Colchester. The Romans were unprepared and did not have enough troops, given the fact that they relied on physical structures like walls to deter invasion instead of manpower, so this uprising led by Boudicca was relatively successful. It was successful in the beginning, until Boudicca was defeated by the Roman army and committed suicide in order to avoid capture.
Boudicca was a very important historical figure, but sadly, their influence in the history of Britain is often overlooked. They were a woman who was wronged, and they followed their beliefs and rose up against the entire Roman Empire when that was uncommon for anybody to do, let alone a woman. I chose to begin my blog posts writing about them because not only was they a prominent female figure who defied the standards of their time period, but they are also a very early example of this occurring. All throughout history female contributions have been overlooked, and Boudicca from 50 AD is a prime example of a badass female figure we should all care about.
WASHINGTON — Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice says the Republican Party must adapt better to rapidly changing demographics in the United States, saying the GOP sent "mixed messages" in the election campaign on immigration and women's issues.
"On the immigration issue, which turned out to be very important, and some issues about women too, some mixed messages were sent," they said Friday on CBS' "This Morning. "And when you send mixed messages through the narrow funnel that is the media spotlight sometimes people hear only one side of that message."
"Right now for me the most powerful argument is that the changing demographics in the country really necessitates an even bigger tent for the Republican Party," they said.
Said Rice, "But when you look at the composition of the electorate, clearly we are losing important segments of that electorate and what we have to do is to appeal to those people not as identity groups but understanding that if you can get the identity issue out of the way then you can appeal on the broader issues that all americans share concerns for."
They said that they hoped that the U.S. would act more "forcefully" in Syria now that the election is over, but didn't mention military action. "We wasted 18 months in the UN trying to get the Russians to go along with Assad's overthrow, they were never going to do it...at a certain point it was a mistake."
"Pull together the regional powers -- Turkey, Saudi Arabia, others -- get the opposition together, try to get a program, a framework for a future Syria that can include all Syrians."
On the Benghazi attack, they acknowledged that information could change as the Obama administration has argued in defending why it initially claimed that the attack was because of an anti-Islam video. "Finally we had shifting stories. Sometimes that happens, frankly, because you're getting different sources of information. I myself have been in the situation in which I got different intelligence estimates at different times."
Bioprecipitation is the concept of rain-making bacteria and was proposed by David Sands from Montana State University before 1983. The formation of ice in clouds is required for snow and most rainfall. Dust and soot particles can serve as ice nuclei, but biological ice nuclei are capable of catalyzing freezing at much warmer temperatures.[1] The ice-nucleating bacteria currently known are mostly plant pathogens. Recent research suggests that bacteria may be present in clouds as part of an evolved process of dispersal.[2]
Ice-nucleating proteins derived from ice-nucleating bacteria are used for snowmaking.
Plant pathogens [ edit ]
Most known ice-nucleating bacteria are plant pathogens. These pathogens can cause freezing injury in plants. In the United States alone, it has been estimated that frost accounts for approximately $1 billion in crop damage each year. The ice-minus variant of P. syringae is a mutant, lacking the gene responsible for ice-nucleating surface protein production. This lack of surface protein provides a less favorable environment for ice formation. Both strains of P. syringae occur naturally, but recombinant DNA technology has allowed for the synthetic removal or alteration of specific genes, enabling the creation of the ice-minus strain. The introduction of an ice-minus strain of P. syringae to the surface of plants would incur competition between the strains. Should the ice-minus strain win out, the ice nucleate provided by P. syringae would no longer be present, lowering the level of frost development on plant surfaces at normal water freezing temperature (0°C).
Dispersal of bacteria through rainfall [ edit ]
Bacteria present in clouds may have evolved to use rainfall as a means of dispersing themselves. The bacteria are found in snow, soils and seedlings in locations such as Antarctica, the Yukon Territory of Canada and the French Alps, according to Brent Christner, a microbiologist at Louisiana State University. It has been suggested that the bacteria are part of a constant feedback between terrestrial ecosystems and clouds. They may rely on the rainfall to spread to new habitats, in much the same way as plants rely on windblown pollen grains, Christner said, with this possibly a key element of the bacterial life cycle.[2]
Snowmaking [ edit ]
Many ski resorts use a commercially available freeze-dried preparation of ice-nucleating proteins derived from the bacterium species Pseudomonas syringae to make snow in a snowgun.[3]
See also [ edit ]
The Russian military has delivered some 45 tons of presents collected by thousands of the country's kids for children of the same ages in war-torn Syria. The gifts included Russian folk art handmade crafts and personal greetings.
The supplies were handed over to the Russian Defense Ministry as part of the all-Russian humanitarian initiative “Children of Russia – to Children of Syria,” TASS reports, citing the Russian military. The initiative, proposed by the children themselves, saw thousands of pupils from over 10 Russian regions taking part.
It also included the students of Russian military schools such as the renowned Suvorov Military School and the Nakhimov Naval Academy as well as ordinary pupils in Russian public schools.
Each individual package dispatched to Syria included a handmade item, which could be a postcard, a drawing, a clay figure or even a piece of self-penned poetry, besides other presents, the Russian Defense Ministry reported Tuesday.
Акция «Дети России – детям Сирии!»: Самолеты ВКС РФ доставили более 40 т подарков детям Сирии https://t.co/s16YmzMwLrpic.twitter.com/rdl60vOtpU — SelenaZet (@ZetSelena) December 19, 2016
Every pupil who took part in the initiative also sent a handwritten postcard with best wishes for the New Year to children in war-ravaged Syria.
Read more
Some of the presents have already been distributed among Syrian children.
“This will raise their morale, and the holiday will acquire a positive note,” said Asif Assad, director of the Hashim Yusuf school, one of the first to receive the gifts from Russia, as cited by TASS. Assad also expressed their gratitude to Russia for providing basic supplies to the country's population.
The Russian Center for Reconciliation in Syria is engaged in a months-long humanitarian mission in Syria and in particular the recently liberated city of Aleppo.
On Monday, another two tons of humanitarian aid were handed over to residents who left eastern Aleppo and have been living in a temporary accommodation facility in the Benezid area of the city. Hot meals and other necessities are also being provided by Russian officers.
Earlier this week a unit of the Russian military police arrived in Aleppo to help distribute humanitarian aid and protect Russian sappers demining areas cleared of militants in eastern Aleppo.
Meanwhile, according to the Russian Defense Ministry, terrorists and militant groups carried out 28 bombardments of Aleppo province and other areas, including Damascus, on Sunday and Monday.
The Obama Administration has formally abandoned its public calls for an international probe of the Israeli attack on a Gaza-bound aid ship, insisting that reports that they were still in favor of it were false.
“We support an Israeli led investigation and we are open to potential ways in which the international community can participate in that,” insisted Philip Crowley, State Department spokesperson.
11 days ago when the world was still reeling from the attack on the civilian aid ship, President Obama had made vague calls to reserve judgement until an international probe into the killings could take place. By this week, they were already making it clear that they were going to make sure that such a probe would not question the Israeli killings at all, but would instead focus on digging up dirt about the aid workers.
Even that led to Israeli condemnations, and privately the Obama Administration is said to have made deals to support only whatever internal probe Israel deigns to hold, though there remains internal opposition in Israel even to probing the killings themselves.
The “international probe,” just 11 days ago an excuse to avoid criticizing the killings in even the vaguest of terms, has at this point become inconvenient to the official Israeli narrative that the attack on the aid ship and the subsequent killings were actually a laudable act, and that the aid workers themselves, and the Turkish government which has complained so loudly about the killings, are the real villains. The narrative does not stand up to even basic scrutiny, of course, which is why even the neutered international probe, designed to demonize the aid workers and avoid even cursory examination of the attack itself, has become inconvenient.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
Image copyright PatentYogi Image caption How the hypersonic Concorde 2.0 jet might look if it was ever produced
Airbus has won a patent for a hypersonic passenger plane which could potentially fly from London to New York in an hour.
Dubbed Concord 2.0, the jet would be capable of flying more than four times the speed of sound.
Documents lodged with the US Patent Office refer to an "ultra-rapid air vehicle and related method for aerial locomotion".
So are we on the verge of a revolution in air transport?
How does it work?
According to the documents, the jet would reach speeds as high as Mach 4.5, or four-and-a-half times the speed of sound. That compares to Mach 2 for Concorde.
The patent application says that the aeroplane would use a variety of engines that would serve different purposes and power would come from hydrogen stored onboard.
Two turbojets under the fuselage and a rocket motor in the rear would be used during take-off. It would lift off vertically like a Space Shuttle.
Once launched, the turbojets would be shut down and retracted and the rocket motor would then kick in to climb to an altitude of more than 100,000 feet.
Then ramjets, more usually used on missiles, would be ignited and the flight would reach a top speed of Mach 4.5.
What would that feel like for passengers?
PatentYogi, a website dedicated to explaining patent ideas, said the flight path of the jet would make it the "highest rollercoaster ride in the world".
The jet would come with hammock-like seats for passengers to sit in - necessary if they wanted to travel in comfort.
Travellers wouldn't have to share the cabin with hundreds of others - the patent application describes it as more of a private jet carrying just 20 passengers at a time.
The idea would also not be limited to commercial flights. In the patent, Airbus also lists military applications for the jet.
Would it succeed where Concorde failed?
The iconic Concorde was taken out of service in 2003 because of high operating costs.
In the 1970s, the supersonic jet faced complaints about the sonic booms and noise pollution created by its four turbojet engines.
As a result it was banned from operating over land and was never able to become financially viable, operating instead as a high-altitude transatlantic taxi service for the super-rich.
The patent application for the new jet does address the issue of sonic booms. By climbing almost vertically the new design's sonic boom would be dissipated in all directions and not reach the ground.
And the design has echoes of the curves of Concorde, with what is described as a "gothic delta wing".
When can I book my flight?
Don't get too excited yet.
A vast number of patent applications don't ever see the light of day as real products although technology described in it may find its way into some Airbus products.
Airbus itself was certainly playing down the patents, saying in a statement that the designs were based on "concepts and ideas in a very nascent stage of conceptualisation".
In fact the idea was first published in 2011 and has only now started being publicised because it has won approval from the US Patent Office.
Back then Airbus, then known as the European Aeronautic Defence and Space Company (EADS), said it would take 30 to 40 years to enter service, if at all.
Airbus did say that it is working on two hypersonic projects, one with Japanese partners and another with Russian and Australian involvement, with the aim of conquering speeds up to Mach 6.
A manual recount of paper ballots is the gold standard of election audits. However, even that procedure, which roughly three-quarters of Wisconsin counties will use, may not discover every way in which an election has been tampered with. The US system is clearly more vulnerable than those of other democracies throughout the world … and that seems to be by design.
What is truly baffling is that the vulnerabilities of the US system are entirely self-inflicted. In theory, instead of being one of the few western democracies that seems to have voting problems every time, the US could run an election with greater participation, shorter lines and much less controversy. The fact that this isn't happening is the result of deliberate policy decisions. It is a choice by those in power.
So WhoWhatWhy asked leading election integrity specialists and advocates why the US can't get its act together and what could be done to avoid stumbling from one election mess into the next.
Specifically, we wanted to know whether the US, if it wanted to, could have a relatively reliable and tamper-proof voting system. We also asked what it would take to implement such a system and finally, and perhaps most importantly, why this has not happened yet.
Most of our experts believe that it would be possible to come up with a system that is relatively reliable and tamper-proof. Among them is Philip Stark, the associate dean of Mathematical and Physical Sciences and director of the Statistical Computing Facility at the University of California, Berkeley.
“If the US wanted to, it could have cheap, accurate, verifiable, tamper-evident voting systems,” Stark told WhoWhatWhy. “No system is tamper-proof, but by combining paper ballots, optical-scan counting, rigorous accounting for the physical ballots to ensure their security, and audits of the electronic results against the paper ballots at the level of individual ballots, we could offer very strong protection against hacking and errors, and the ability to recover from most kinds of problems. A paper record and routine auditing have to be part of it.”
Jonathan Simon, author of CODE RED: Computerized Election Theft and The New American Century, agrees.
“Yes, absolutely,” they told WhoWhatWhy. “It would simply have to be an observable system, one in which the vote counting process was public and open to observation. It was done that way for the better part of 200 years.”
“No one wakes up and says ‘Hey, make me accountable!' But any quality control process begins with implementing accountability measures, however uncomfortable or embarrassing they might be.”
However, Rebecca Mercuri, a computer scientist specializing in computer security and computer forensics, isn't so sure. Widely considered a leading expert on electronic voting systems, Mercuri pointed out that “the US is not responsible for ‘wanting' voting systems, as the methods of voting in general elections is defined by the States.”
Mercuri added that “Voting System Guidelines as defined by the US Election Assistance Commission are voluntary, and it is up to the states to adopt these guidelines or adapt them as they prefer.”
They believe that a national fix is contingent on “a Constitutional Amendment taking control of the Federal general elections.” When WhoWhatWhy followed up and noted that the federal government already has some authority, for example the passage of the Voting Right Act, Mercuri pointed out that the consequences of that landmark law did not match its intent.
“You may also think that the US Voting Rights Act changed things — overtly it may seem to have done so, but in actuality it did not,” Mercuri said. “Instead of a poll tax and literacy tests, other hurdles were created to prevent minorities and people of color from voting, for example driver's licenses (many poor do not have them), eliminating felons from the voter rolls (African Americans heavily outnumber others in this regard).”
Most of the other experts, however, offered fixes short of a constitutional amendment wresting control of elections away from the states.
Bev Harris of Black Box Voting, a non-partisan organization seeking to preserve the integrity of the election process, advocates a three-step solution. They see it as a “process that enables (1) the public to get immediate online access to a picture of every ballot; (2) the public to inspect actual physical ballots upon request, under freedom of information laws; and (3) a method of pegging ballot images to actual ballots, such as a unique ID number on each ballot/ballot image to tie them together.”
Stark, the Berkeley professor, also believes that “the key to easily auditable elections is for the voting system to report how it interpreted each ballot, in a way that can be tied back to that ballot, so that can be spot-checked at random for accuracy.”
They noted that a new bill in California would do just that.
“We also need laws requiring audits, laws/regulations requiring careful, documented care for the ballots and ballot accounting, and we need election officials to adopt an evidence-based strategy rather than a procedure-based strategy,” Stark said.
Deborah Sumner, an election integrity advocate in New Hampshire pointed out that, in the absence of reliable technology, the best way might be to return to paper elections, as some European countries have done.
“For most of us, including my state and town, that have not shown a willingness to use the technology responsibly, we should return to hand-counted elections, with the community making sure the needed checks and balances are in place,” Sumner told WhoWhatWhy. “In my experience, communities should not rely on either the state nor federal government to ‘do the right thing' and protect the rights of voters and candidates, our votes and our elections. We, the citizens, have to do that at the local level.”
Simon, the author of CODE RED, argued that the way to fix the process is to “re-prioritize security and fidelity over convenience, speed and entertainment” and by “recognizing that elections can't be a ‘media property' if we want them to be a public trust.”
They pointed to some specific fixes as well, such as restoring an observable counting process, making Election Day a national holiday, putting in place a rigorous auditing process, and making the public understand that it does not only have a right to an observable count, but also a duty to participate in it.
Other countries, as Simon noted, have done it. So it begs the question: Why has this kind of election reform not happened here in the US?
“Inertias are powerful at all levels,” Simon explained.
They cited a number of reasons, including indolence, impatience and resistance to change by the masses, as well as an attitude of denial by local administrators that computer fraud has even taken place. Then there remains the ever-present political opposition between the two major parties blocking election reform.
It's a situation that calls into question our national priorities.
“The powers that be had decided for us that we want our democracy on the cheap, investing a smaller proportion of our national wealth in the electoral mechanism than almost any other democracy on Earth,” Simon said. “For two weeks of our ‘democracy promotion' wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, we could pay humans to count ballots in America at $20/hr for a generation.”
Sumner agrees with Simon's assessment that biased election officials are a major roadblock to reform, as is voters' laziness and lack of awareness of their rights. But they also see the media as part of the problem.
“As a former reporter, I put major responsibility on members of the media,” they said. “Why didn't I know, prior to mid 2007, that my town was using the Diebold computer, and that most of New Hampshire's votes were being ‘counted' by a private corporation with no public oversight?”
Mercuri sees the answer to why US election changes have not been implemented as far more complicated.
“What defines ‘reliable?'If a person marks an X instead of coloring in a dot, will that be ‘reliably' registered for the choice they intended?” Mercuri asked. “If a voting machine collects the ballots internally but provides no independent method for the voter to ensure that their choices were registered and tallied as intended, is that ‘reliable?' If we provide voting systems that are open-source so that the public can inspect them to be sure they are ‘tamper-proof' and a hack is discovered 3 days before the election, then what do we do?”
“Why ‘this has not happened' is because defining ‘reliable' and ‘tamper-proof' is at odds with other aspects of elections — such as privacy.”
Bev Harris isolates another reason, in particular, for election reform paralysis in the US: Embarrassment on the part of public officials. It's an emotion powerful enough to compel government administrators to go so far as refusing to acknowledge freedom of information rights.
“Allowing the public to authenticate elections is a basic accountability measure, and when any accountability measure is introduced, it produces pushback,” Harris explained. “No one wakes up and says ‘Hey, make me accountable!' But any quality control process begins with implementing accountability measures, however uncomfortable or embarrassing they might be.”
Related front page panorama photo credit: Adapted by WhoWhatWhy from character (Peggy Marco / Pixabay).
Where else do you see journalism of this quality and value? Please help us do more. Make a tax-deductible contribution now.
Our Comment Policy Keeps it civilized, keep it relevant, keep it clear, keep it short. Please do not post links or promotional material. We reserve the right to edit and to delete comments where necessary. Related print
When it comes to college, from the moment African-American high school students receive those wonderful large envelopes, the ones with the beautifully written acceptance letters from a predominately white university saying. “Congratulations!,” little do they know that despite the brochure showing smiling, happy multicultural faces, they're about to set foot on some of the most racially hostile spaces in the United States. And in their most formative years, when their belief in American ideals is the strongest, or being questioned, these African-American students will learn that their white university, their white fellow students and their white faculty are not automatic allies in their journey toward educational success. And that's been a fact for over a century.
Before they buy their overpriced books, settle into their tiny Spartan dorms and eat their first bad meal in the cafeteria, they'll learn that overt acts of racism on their campus are often dismissed as a series of disconnected incidents, outside the collective responsibility of the university and always surprising to those who are exposed to them, particularly white university administrators.
Advertisement:
“We're surprised and shocked that this would happen on our campus, and we'd like to say that this racial incident doesn't reflect the values of who we are as a university community . . .” is the pro forma response.
Even more extreme than Santayana's picture of the past, which gets less accurate by the day, white America never recalls the events of college racism at all, leaving the burden of remembering to 18- to 21-year old African-American college students. From there, those students are tasked with creating new solutions for old and present problems, often involving white people who refuse to recognize the historical context of racism. And they have to do it every four years, as a new group of black students cycle in and out of the university, while the campus racism always remains. What is the resulting mindset of typical African-American college students after they experience episodes of campus racism? Again, it's to question themselves and their sanity: “Are we going crazy, or is there a racist incident on a college campus every day? If so, why are people saying this is an isolated incident . . . again?”
One space where all Americans hoped race would be inconsequential is on America's college and university campuses. As colleges and universities have moved from being the providence of the elite to reflecting the populace of a young democracy, they've long vacillated from openness to the idea of an egalitarian society (as at Berea College in the 1850s Kentucky—the first college blacks were welcomed to attend below the Mason-Dixon line during slavery) to fighting to keep blacks out (as at Southern schools during the turbulent Civil Rights era of the 1950s and 1960s).
College campuses are supposed to be places where the young elite of all races, sexes and creeds seek knowledge, knowledge that throws off the shackles of racism, sexism and other “isms” in order to create a better, more just society. And that utopian vision is often expressed in Latin, through official school mottoes.
At Amherst it's “terras irradient,” which translates to “let them give light to the world.” At the University of Arkansas it's “veritate duce progredi,” which means “to advance with truth as our guide.” And Harvard's famous one-word motto is “veritas,” which translates as “truth.”
It's with college students, the future leaders of American society, that we place our dreams, hoping that the ignoble sentiment of racism will erode to the point where everyone can move forward without that burden. New ideas of equality and respect for all will, we hope, trump bigotry and prejudice through a college education. But when you look closely at America's colleges and universities, the veritas, the truth, is much stranger than the fiction we Americans tell ourselves. The truth is that for African-American college students, there's a campus racism crisis going on.
Advertisement:
And no one seems to recognize that truth.
The University of Oklahoma campus sits in Norman, Oklahoma, a small prairie town about 20 miles south of Oklahoma City. With a population just over 100,000 people, the city is your typical college town, about 85 percent white, with only 4 percent of the city identifying as African-American. Norman matches, almost to a tee, the student demographics of the university. In the heart of Tornado Alley, that swath of Midwestern volatility where twisters seemingly come out of nowhere to devastate prairie towns, a storm hit the University of Oklahoma on March 7, 2015, rivaling some of the biggest dust devils ever to hit the plains.
And that storm's name was Parker Rice.
By all measures, the Saturday night had been a success. The Oklahoma Kappa chapter of Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity had rented a party bus, everyone was wearing tuxedos, and the alcohol flowed like water in the Nile. It didn't matter that some of the fraternity members, like 19-year-old Rice, were underage. There was a wink-wink policy, just like on most Greek Rows in America, of ignoring that. What happens in the fraternity stays in the fraternity.
Advertisement:
As for the fraternity itself, Sigma Alpha Epsilon was founded in the antebellum South—at the University of Alabama in 1856—and is proud of it. Every fraternity and sorority has heroic lore to exalt early members, and Sigma Alpha Epsilon was no different.
Part of the historical pride within SAE, as it's known colloquially, is that early fraternity members enthusiastically joined the Confederate Army, with many dying for the lost cause of protecting slavery in the South. After most of its chapters were devastated by the Civil War, SAE would eventually regroup to become one of the largest fraternities in the country.
So how did SAE's members see themselves in today's society? As “true gentlemen,” that's how. The fraternity had always harkened back to that antebellum myth of Southern male chivalry among the white slaveholding planter class, with Confederate legends Robert E. Lee and Stonewall Jackson as the ideal role models. But that was then, and this is now, and now the fraternity that proudly proclaimed its Confederate ancestry also stressed that it was open to all, including the great-great-great grandsons of the people its Confederate heroes unsuccessfully attempted to keep enslaved. “True gentlemen” saw no color in today's SAE. Or so some thought.
Advertisement:
For Rice, being in SAE was the perfect fit. The camaraderie among the brothers reminded them of the feeling they got while attending a prestigious all-boys Catholic high school, Jesuit College Preparatory School of Dallas. Later, once he'd become a national figure of derision, Rice would describe the Jesuit motto, “Men for Others,” the selfless ethos of Jesuit-educated men worldwide, as being their guiding principle in life, while apologizing for what happened on that party bus.
In essence, the party bus was there mainly to keep SAE brothers from drinking and driving, and if that kept the party going, all the better. On the bus were not only the asupervisorstioned tuxedoed SAE brothers, but at least two or three members of Delta Delta Delta sorority, or Tri-Delt. Everyone was in a fine mood, laughing and singing. And everyone on that bus was white.
Rice, now inebriated and fully in life-of-the-party mode, stood in the aisle and led the fraternal singing. With a smile on their face and the confidence of a conductor at the Boston Philharmonic, they began to chant: “There will never be a n***r SAE! There will never be a n****r SAE! You can hang 'em from a tree, but it will never sign with me! There will never be a n****r SAE!”
Advertisement:
Those on the bus sang the chant at the top of their lungs, and no one appeared to object to the offensive words. In fact, when someone pointed a smartphone at Rice and recorded, Rice didn't seem bothered in the least. Most sang lustfully, and without hesitation, as though they'd sung the lynching song hundreds of times. The atmosphere had a comfort level that said, “We're among like-minded friends.”
While Rice and their fraternity brothers joked about lynching blacks, for African-Americans, lynching represents a very real and painful segment of white supremacist history. Black family histories are peppered with stories of real fathers and mothers, sons and daughters, aunts and uncles, grandfathers and grandmothers who were taken from their beds at night and strung up from telephone and telegraph poles. Some were falsely accused of crimes, others just the unfortunate targets of white rage. White mobs strung them up from trees, mutilating them by cutting off their toes, fingers, and genitals as souvenirs. Many of the victims would be photographed, their images sent around the country as popular postcards, examples of how white supremacy was being enforced not just in the South, but everywhere in the country.
Alice Walker once talked about growing up under the threat of being lynched: “I grew up in the South under segregation. So, I know what terrorism feels like—when your father could be taken out in the middle of the night and lynched just because they didn't look like they were in an obeying frame of mind when a white person said something they must do. I mean, that's terrorism, too.”
My grandmother, Willie Lee Johnson, grew up in Texas, with the family migrating between Waco, Temple, and Dallas, as the cotton-pulling season demanded. In their final days, their brain racked by the ravages of Alzheimer's, it was as though their consciousness had been opened to allow suppressed memories to flow back to the fore. And one of the memories that would panic them was some midnight lynching she'd seen as a child.
Advertisement:
“Don't let them get me, baby,” she'd say to me, their eyes ablaze. “They hung them men in that field, and they buried them underneath that tree.”
Lynching wasn't, and isn't, a subject for a drinking song to black people.
But there weren't any black students on the bus, just as there aren't any black members in the current Oklahoma Kappa chapter of Sigma Alpha Epsilon. And more than likely, given the student population on campus, Rice and their friends didn't have many black friends whose memories might have made the frat members think twice about singing this song. So if they sang a song about “hanging n****rs from a tree,” who would know? More importantly, who would really care?
Little did they know that there was at least one person who would object, and it was that person pointing a camera at Rice. That anonymous partygoer would send the video of Rice and their fraternity brothers singing about hanging “n****rs from a tree” to OU Unheard, an African-American student group on the University of Oklahoma campus. And by the next morning, OU Unheard would make sure that the world heard what was going on inside that SAE party bus.
Advertisement:
But SAE wasn't the only issue for black students on the University of Oklahoma campus, nor the first. In January 2015 OU Unheard sent University of Oklahoma president David Boren a list of grievances, alleging that the university marginalized black students. Those students felt they were ignored, invisible, and subject to the same racist indignities that plague campuses around the country, yet their pleas for a non-hostile atmosphere at OU were not being listened to—hence the name OU Unheard.
But after Rice got through singing, OU Unheard was in possession of a video that would make them heard not only on the University of Oklahoma campus but around the world. And, as happens with all episodes of racism, some would try to characterize the significance of the incident as being limited (in this case, to the University of Oklahoma campus, which was not the case). It was important for people to know that all of those isolated incidents were part of a trend that stretched back for decades, a trend that even those without a recorded memory of racism had to acknowledge.
The campus racism situation at the University of Oklahoma is neither new nor surprising. What is surprising is that most Americans think it is new, and as I said on MSNBC after the SAE incident blew up, “I'm surprised that people are surprised.” But that illusion of surprise also gave rise to the usual excuses for Rice and their SAE fraternity brothers and their behavior.
Every time a racist campus event occurs, white privilege explains it as just the act of some immature young white students, who made a mistake of youthful exuberance. In their hearts, apologists say, these white students are not racists. There's always an external reason for their racist behavior, such as being drunk and so not thinking clearly. Or, they didn't mean what they said in a racist way, and so they apologize to anyone who may have been offended.
Advertisement:
For many white Americans, the bar for branding students as racist is so high that we'd first have to confirm that they were all dues-paying members of the Ku Klux Klan, wearing white hoods while writing editorials for the John Birch Society and using the Nazi Party salute . . . in a Hitler mustache. Only then would we get a “maybe” they're racist. Others would inevitably say that they'd like to get “more information.”
And if there hadn't been a video of the SAE party bus full of singing white fraternity and sorority members, you can be sure that the full impact would have been diluted for one of the reasons above.
And this is a problem.
But because there was a video for everyone to see in the SAE case, it was increasingly hard for even racism deniers to dispute that what they were seeing was racism. And the SAE case was only a small part of the picture. The real fact is that campus racism is as common as underage drinking at colleges, and just as traditional. For over a century, whether it's overt hostility in the form of racial epithets scrawled on campus walls, or nooses being hung on dorm room doors to intimidate black students, or white fraternities and sororities painting their faces with black paint for Halloween parties, there's been a clear pattern of intimidation, racial hate, and violence that's targeted African-Americans on college campuses throughout the country.
Advertisement:
There are close to 3,000 four-year universities in the United States, and most have generally stuck their heads in the sand, hoping that the latest controversy would pass them by or be forgotten by a public ever tiring of the issue of race. And when confronted, these universities have been reactive instead of proactive.
And that's not good enough.
Excerpted from "Blackballed: The Black and White Politics of Race on America's Campuses" by Lawrence Ross. Published by St. Martin's Press. Copyright © 2015 by Lawrence Ross. Reprinted with permission by St. Martin's Press. All rights reserved.
A New Jersey state trooper is accused of trying to cover up that they pulled over women during traffic stops just to ask them out on dates.
Marquice Prather, 37, of Linden, New Jersey, was arrested Friday on charges of third-degree tampering with public records or information and fourth-degree falsifying or tampering with records. They were suspended without pay and released without bail.
Prather's attorney said they will plead not guilty.
State police began looking into the three-year veteran after several women complained about their conduct. Investigators found that Prather showed a pattern of stopping women between the ages of 20 and 35 to ask them to go on dates or for their phone numbers.
Investigators said Prather would turn off their wireless microphone during the stops and falsely report it had malfunctioned. They also said they manipulated data to conceal that they were targeting a high number of women drivers.
The trooper joined the police force in 2013 and makes an annual salary of $60,749, state payroll records showed. They were assigned to the division's Holmdel barracks, which patrols the Garden State Parkway in New Jersey.
A conviction on the third-degree charge carries a sentence of three to five years in state prison and a fine of up to $15,000, and fourth-degree carries a sentence of up to 18 months in prison and a fine of up to $10,000.
"One Day" is a song sung by American reggae singer Matisyahu and written by them and The Smeezingtons, first released in 2008, their first single since Jerusalem (Out of the Darkness Comes Light). The song was also included as a last-minute addition to Matisyahu's album Light. The song expresses a hope for an end to violence and a prayer for a new era of peace and understanding. It appeared on the Modern Rock Chart at number 21 and at number 38 on the US Rock Chart; also in March 2009 it debuted on the Billboard Hot 100 at number 90 and reached number 85.
In an interview with Spinner, Matisyahu told them: "'One Day' is the song I've been wanting to make since I started my career. It is an anthem of hope with a big beat, the kind of song that makes you bob your head and open your heart at the same time."[1] The song was sung at a vigil for the victims of the Pittsburgh synagogue shooting in the Jewish community of Squirrel Hill.[2]
The survey of 640 Georgia voters has a margin of error of plus-or-minus 3.9 points. Poll: Nunn leads GOP pols in Georgia
Georgia Democratic Senate hopeful Michelle Nunn leads several prominent GOP contenders in head-to-head match-ups in the race to replace retiring Republican Sen. Saxby Chambliss, according to a survey released on Wednesday.
Nunn leads Rep. Paul Broun 42-41 percent; Rep. Phil Gingrey 45-41 percent; former Georgia Secretary of State Karen Handel 44-40 percent and Rep. Jack Kingston 44-42 percent. The survey was conducted by Public Policy Polling and commissioned by the liberal Americans United for Change.
Story Continued Below
Republicans in the Peach State are battling it out in a bloody, crowded primary, while Nunn, the daughter of former Sen. Sam Nunn, enjoys overwhelming support from their party. Democrats hope that the eventual GOP nominee will be badly bruised at the end of the primary process, paving the way for a competitive general election fight in deep-red Georgia.
The survey of 640 Georgia voters was conducted Jan. 24-26 and has a margin of error of plus-or-minus 3.9 percentage points.
Americans United for Change also commissioned a poll for the Kentucky Senate race, where Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, who faces a primary challenge, is likely to ultimately square off with Democrat Alison Lundergan Grimes. That survey found McConnell ahead of Grimes 45-44 percent. The candidates have been neck-and-neck in PPP surveys for months.
The survey of 882 Kentucky voters, conducted during the same time frame as the Georgia poll, has a margin of error of plus-or-minus 3.3 percentage points.
TAMPA, Fla. -- Authorities say a University of South Florida football player has been arrested and accused of firing a gun on campus.
University police say 21-year-old first-year student reserve offensive lineman Benjamin Knox of DeLand fired at a dorm from a parking garage early Sunday.
Police say they found spent shell casings on the ground and an open gun case and ammunition inside a vehicle belonging to Knox. According to police, the shots appeared to have been fired randomly. No one was injured.
Officers say they found a gun when they arrested Knox at their dorm. They were held on $15,000 bond on charges of discharging a firearm on school property and shooting into a building. Hillsborough County jail records didn't show whether they had an attorney.
USF has suspended Knox from team activities.
Description: Cate Hall calls off 80bbs in the Bellagio five diamond 10k main event, Dentale starts twitter war
The Bellagio 5 diamond 10k is going on
Have you been reading the updates?
I saw a hand
Cate Hall vs Barry Hutter
They 4 bet called 80bbs with ATo
IT IS TRUE!
They thought it was good!
Can you believe that! Put them on A9o
And they tanked for 10 minutes!
Trying to get a live read! then called the clock on herself!
Barry moved their arm like this, and they said that is an A9o tell
and made the call!
The table couldn't believe it!
Twitter blew up and made fun of her!
It was such a treat for us on Twitter!
ACE TEN OFF SUIT
In a slow 10k structure!
80 big blinds!
Lol donkaments!
Barry Hutter had Jack Jack
They knew they would call with worse!
Where do they find 10k to play?
In all seriousness, they are great players compared to others
That Mike Dentale guy for instance
They called them out on Twitter after the hand
Like they are an authority of poker!
Mikeyunbelievable
hes the king of tanking!
getting clock called on them and hero calling!
what a guy
but the best part is
they are always wrong too!
all they do is rebuy, rebuy, rebuy
until they can win something
and complains when they "runs bad"
They sound like a fish
Yes a big fish indeed
They want to play Cate Hall now
ooooo
A good ol fashion hu4rollz challenge
Who do you think is going to win?
It doesn't matter, they are both dust
and if mike loses they will still cry, about how bad they runs
Whats the point
They want to film it for TV
like people really care
who wins a 3 game freezeout
Re: Emacs Lisp's future
From: Emilio Lopes Subject: Re: Emacs Lisp's future Date: Tue, 23 Sep 2014 09:45:49 +0200
2014-09-19 2:03 GMT+02:00 Rasmus <address@hidden>: > Richard Stallman <address@hidden> writes: >> What is magit? > […] > It has so very nice features but it is very git-centric. For instance in > the diff-view you can stash (precommit) only a subset of changed > lines, effectively splitting your uncommited work into several patches > easily. An side remark: I've tried magit sometime ago found it sluggish. These days I'm pretty satisfied with the integration provided by `vc' and git itself. It's nice to read git's docs in `woman' when you write `git commit --help'. For editing diffs, just use `git add -e' and you can use the excellent (and underused) `diff-mode' to manipulate the patch your heart's content. Alternatively one can edit the output from `vc-diff' directly and use `commit-patch' (http://porkrind.org/missives/commit-patch-managing-your-mess) to commit it out of the Emacs buffer. This approach also works for svn, bzr etc. btw. Here is a trivial integration of `git grep': (defun git-grep (command-args) "Use the `grep' machinery to run `git grep'." (interactive (let ((sap (thing-at-point 'symbol)) (grep-command "git grep -n ")) (list (read-shell-command "Run git grep (like this): " (if sap (concat grep-command sap) grep-command))))) (compilation-start (concat "< /dev/null " command-args) 'grep-mode)) Emílio
Red Dead Redemption 2 - All Legendary Animal Locations Guide (RDR2)There are a total of 15 Legendary Animals that you can find and hunt in the open world of Red Dead Redemption 2. There is an additional legendary animal, the Giaguaro Panther, which I have included in a separate video as it requires you to complete all Master Hunter challenges in order for it to appear on the map.None of the legendary animals are missable and you can hunt them at any time. Two animals, the bear and the bullgator require story progress in order to hunt them. The animals in New Austin require you to complete chapter 6 in order to reach them as well.The pelts and horns from the legendary animals can be used to craft talismans, outfits and much more at the trapper/fence. It is well worth hunting them all. You also need to hunt 5 Legendary Animals for 100% completion.If you get to an area and it says you cannot hunt the legendary animal due to activity in the area, this means there's either too many animals or people in the area. Run around and shoot to get the animals to run off. Move away from the animal and then come back in order for the spawn to trigger. Track the animal 3 times and then it will appear nearby after finding the third clue.Legendary Animal Timeline:[0:00] Legendary Buck[2:18] Legendary Big Horn Ram[4:08] Legendary Bison[5:48] Legendary Wolf[7:48] Legendary Elk[9:34] Legendary Bharati Grizzly Bear[11:18] Legendary Moose[13:35] Legendary Beaver[15:49] Legendary Boar[17:31] Legendary Bull Gator[19:23] Legendary Fox[21:21] Legendary Coyote[23:25] Legendary Tatanka Bison[25:29] Legendary Pronghorn[27:51] Legendary CougarLegendary Giaguaro Panther - https://www.youtube.com/wat... ...More Red Dead Redemption 2 (RDR2) Guides & Walkthroughs - https://www.youtube.com/pla... ...===============Subscribe Here: https://goo.gl/N4tdAa How I Record my Gameplay: https://goo.gl/48YTtm Contact Me:▶ Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/harr... ▶ PSN: Harry94_▶ Xbox Live: HarryNinetyFour Show less
With all the time they spend bashing homosexuals, you might think that conservative lawmakers hate gays in real life. However, as Newt Gingrich has shown us, it's entirely possible to treat your lesbian sister like everyone else in the family while advocating for policies that discriminate against them — if you're a raging hypocrite, that is. Alabama politician Bill Johnson has now joined the long list of Republican politicians who publicly attack gays even though privately they have no problem them (or perhaps are homosexual themselves). It's been revealed that Johnson, who was a top state official for six years before running for governor, has secretly donated sperm to many women in New Zealand, including some who are in same-sex relationships.
According to Politico, last year Johnson ran for governor as a conservative Christian who opposed gay marriage. They earned only 2 percent of the vote in the Republican primary, and after the election they moved to New Zealand to help with earthquake recovery. Now the New Zealand Herald reports that they were also working to help a conspicuously large number of women become mothers. Though fertility clinics in the country say men shouldn't provide sperm donations to more than four families, Johnson was in contact with at least nine women and has already impregnated three.
Advertisement
When the paper caught up with Johnson as they were leaving a lunch with one of the women they impregnated, they explained that their wife had spurred their sudden interest in sperm donation, saying being a biological father is,
"A need that I have ... I am married to the most beautiful woman in the world. When I married them I knew we couldn't have any more children. They had a hysterectomy 10 years ago. There is nothing my wife would want to give me more in the world than a child of my own."
They added:
"Every person who is a father and a mother knows why I am doing this. If life's circumstances had dealt me a different hand I wouldn't be doing this. It is not the hand that life has dealt my wife ... Reproduction and having children is as basic a human need as eating."
Advertisement
But despite their confidence that their wife Kathy would support their plan, they decided not to tell them or the prospective mothers about their prolific sperm donations. When asked if Kathy knew, Johnson said, "She does now," but it turns out they were surprisingly uncool about their efforts to create a colony of little Johnsons on the other side of the globe. They told the Alabama Press-Register, "This is a really, really difficult time for our family ... I'm still in disbelief and very hurt, and our family has a lot of healing to do."
Before accusing the Herald of illegally obtaining information about him, then admitting the paper didn't do anything wrong, Johnson said they were trying to get their family to move to New Zealand, and planned to be as involved in their babies' lives as their mothers would allow them to be. A number of the women Johnson was involved with are lesbians, but they said they didn't know their "relationship status." When the paper asked if it mattered, they said, "I'm not going to answer that question."
Thinking that they could create a some kind of international Brady Bunch situation with their wife and nine other women after they lied to all of them may make Johnson sound like an idiot, but there is one more shocking twist in this story: He's a member of Mensa. Though, just because Jonson could beat most of us at Scrabble doesn't mean they aren't a bonehead.
Advertisement
Sperm-Donor Kept Wife In The Dark [New Zealand]
Report: Alabama Pol's Secret Life Abroad [Politico]
Earlier: Newt Gingrich's Lesbian Sister Urges You To Vote For Obama
A A
LAS VEGAS (KSNV News3LV) - Foster parents in the Las Vegas Valley say they believe their gun ownership cost them their three children.
Kristi and Rod Beber say they have been parents to "over a hundred" children over the years. They are also proud gun owners, and on one fateful night those worlds collided and changed their lives forever.
On April 3, the Bebers were awakened by screaming. Angry neighbors were on their property.
"Let me tell you something, my hands were shaking," Kristi said. "I'm calling 911."
So Kristi called the police, and Rod retrieved their gun.
"You want to protect your family and your house," Rod said. "As a (Conceal and Carry a Weapon card) holder, one of the first things you want to do is take control of the situation."
The incident ended when police arrived. A report was taken, no one arrested and no one was charged - but that wasn't the end. Three months later, the Department of Family Services pulled the Bebers' foster license.
The agency told the Bebers in documents that "the incident did not describe an adult exercising sound judgment." And it cited a law that forbids any foster parent from having a loaded firearm in their home, regardless of the situation.
"I said, 'Don't make me drop them off at Child Haven. If you're going to revoke me, revoke me, but don't make me drop those kids off at Child Haven," Kristi said.
But as Rod Beber was quick to point out to News 3 and DFS, something happened between that April incident and their revocation in July.
On June 1, the law changed. Foster parents are allowed to have a gun loaded and out of their safe for lawful purposes, namely to protect their family.
The Bebers plan on fighting DFS. Kristi says their husband made the decision not long after they got the revocation notice.
"He said, 'You know what, Kris, we're not going to close (this case). This isn't right, we're not going to let this happen."
News 3's calls to the Department of Family Services were not returned.
Signaling what it hopes will mark the start of a new phase of growth, Evernote, the company behind the popular cloud-based productivity app of the same name, announced today that Phil Libin will step down as CEO but remain as executive chairperson.
Chris O'Neill, who most recently ran the business operations at the Google X research unit, will take over as Evernote's CEO starting next Monday. The change will be announced at a company all-hands meeting this morning.
In an interview with Re/code ahead of the announcement, Libin said the change is intended to carry Evernote into a new more aggressive phase of growth during which the company will likely beef up its sales and marketing efforts. O'Neill will also likely take Evernote public, they said.
“I've always said that I wouldn't be the company's last CEO. And I realized years ago that I didn't want to be the CEO when the company went public,” they said. “I realized I wasn't passionate about being the CEO who will take this company public and that I should find someone who will be passionate about it.”
Evernote did not make O'Neill available for an interview, but in answers to a series of emailed questions, they called the company's product one that passes what Google CEO Larry Page likes to call “the toothbrush test,” meaning it's something that a person can use at least twice a day. They count themselves among its fans: “I'm one of the tens of millions of Evernote users who view it as an essential part of my daily life,” they said.
They said they plan to boost Evernote's efforts to convert its free users to its various paid tiers of service. “Global user growth looks strong as do early returns on recent monetization efforts. User growth and revenue are the oxygen for any successful company so we'll be looking to double down on this traction,” they wrote. “My job is to lead and scale this great team through the next phase of product and revenue growth, and to preserve Evernote's unique culture while evolving it over time.”
In explaining the change, Libin described themselves as “not passionate” about many roles that fall to a CEO by default: Building a sales team, helping employees grow in their careers and creating the kind of predictable business model that appeals to Wall Street investors.
They're the signs of a mature company that Evernote doesn't yet have, they say. Before taking Box public, its CEO Aaron Levie got its executives into the habit of hosting quarterly earnings calls with its investors for 18 months before its shares floated on the New York Stock Exchange. That gave it the kind of fiscal discipline and attention to the nuances of financial forecasting that public investors expect. It's “a muscle that Evernote hasn't developed yet,” and something that “is not in my DNA.” Evernote, which has raised some $290 million from venture capital and private equity investors at a valuation reported to be north of $1 billion, has recently started hosting quarterly earnings calls with investors.
Libin's passions, they say, lie more in working with “small teams of nerds” on “specific actionable things,” like improving Evernote's software. “We've now gotten to the place where we can afford to bring someone in who is just going to be amazing at scaling the company and the flip side is that I will get to work on the stuff that I like to work on.”
Libin started talking about finding a replacement with Evernote's board of directors in earnest early this year, and the company started zeroing in on candidates about four months ago. “Phil was the person who led the search process,” said Roelof Botha, a former PayPal executive and now a Sequoia Capital partner who sits on the company's board. Botha said there was no pressure from directors on Libin to step down. “This is a carefully measured and considered decision.”
Still vague about their preferred timing for an Evernote IPO, Libin hasn't changed their often-repeated answer about Evernote's “moral obligation to be a public company” eventually. They also repeated their standard line — one that they have recited since at least mid-2012 — that a public market debut is probably “about two years away.”
“One of the things I'm looking forward to is not being the person whose opinion about an IPO matters the most,” they said. Asked if O'Neill will be the CEO that finally takes Evernote public, Libin said with a grin: “He better.”
Re/code first reported last month that O'Neill had left their role as the business lead on the Google Glass project after 13 months in that job. They joined the search giant in 2005 and moved up the ladder to become managing director of Google's operations in Canada, their native country, in 2010. They also sit on the board of Tim Horton's, a Canada-based coffee-and-donut chain.
O'Neill stepped in to run business operations related to Google Glass following a fumbled debut that led the Internet giant to revamp the product. In January, it shut down its Google Glass Explorer Program intended to attract early testers of the $1,500 device and released a vague statement about Glass “graduating” from Google X. The company handed the product over to Nest Labs, its connected device unit headed up by the former Apple executive Tony Fadell.
Before that O'Neill ran Google's operations in Canada starting in mid-2010. At the time, Canadian consumers were among the world's heaviest Internet users, but were statistically wary of shopping online. And by Google's reckoning, fewer than half of Canadian small businesses even bothered to build a website, let alone advertise on the Web. O'Neill's mandate was to change that.
O'Neill says on their LinkedIn profile that they “doubled Google's business in Canada.” The claim is hard to verify because Google doesn't break out its revenue in the country. (The U.S. and U.K. are its biggest markets; Canada gets grouped into “the rest of the world.”) But data from Canada's Interactive Advertising Bureau shows that in 2010 Canadian Internet ad spending at $2.2 billion Canadian barely eclipsed ad spending at its major daily newspapers. By 2014, Internet spending had nearly doubled to $3.8 billion Canadian, and far outpaced TV ads.
Additionally, Google's staff in Canada grew from 300 in 2012 to 578 by this year, and it has been rated as the country's most-admired place to work for four years running. O'Neill's performance in Canada especially impressed Libin: “He transformed it from a mediocre organization to one that is highly regarded,” Libin said. “He knows how to build a team, motivate people and get them all on the same page.”
And that's what Evernote needs now, Libin says. The company has reached its “awkward adolescent phase.” It has about 400 people, and they expect O'Neill to lead the charge to staff up fast. “The company has reached a stage where it doesn't feel like a startup, but it doesn't feel mature yet,” they said. “Part of Chris' mandate is to scale up on the people side and to make sure that everyone understands where we're going. This is exactly the puzzle that they like to solve.”
Google declined to comment on O'Neill's departure and if the company will replace them in its Glass business.
Founded in 2007, Evernote started as an ambitious mobile and desktop app devoted to helping its users “remember everything,” — its logo is the head of an elephant — inspired in part by the work of Gordon Bell, a Microsoft researcher who spent a decade on experiments during which they digitally logged nearly every detail of their daily life. It developed a quirky, dedicated following that has at times been compared to a cult.
Now that cult is approaching the size of an established religion: It has 150 million individual users in 193 countries, up from 100 million six months ago. Seventy-five percent of those users — both using the free and paid tiers — are outside the U.S. And while Libin declined to break down the mix of free and paid users, they said that more than 50 percent of revenue comes from paid users outside the U.S. Meanwhile a corporate tier of service called Evernote Business has attracted 20,000 companies, up from 14,000 a year ago.
In their new role, Libin said they will turn to working day-to-day on the product. One big priority, they said, will be to build new features — and even a new line of products — aimed at workplace collaboration. “If there is one thing I wish we would have done sooner is taking the collaborative uses case for Evernote much more seriously,” they said. “We've been working on it a lot recently but I wish we would have done it three years earlier.”
Libin also hinted at a new product in development. They described it only as an “adjacent product,” that would coexist with its current application. “It has a codename,” they said, “but I won't tell you what it is.”
If workplace collaboration is to be a strategic priority, then Evernote will be entering a crowded marketplace, and doing it rather late. Its rivals will by no stretch of argument include young cloud companies like Dropbox and Box, but also Microsoft's OneNote, to name only a few.
But when you compare its numbers, Evernote sits squarely between Dropbox and Box. It has more than four times the number of individual registered users as Box has (37 million as of last quarter) but about less than half as many businesses signed up as Box (47,000). Compared to Dropbox, Evernote has roughly a third as many individuals as Dropbox (400 million) and about one-fifth the number of business customers (Dropbox had 100,000).
But opposite those rivals, Evernote has grown its user base almost entirely by word of mouth. Where Box in particular was criticized for spending lavishly on aggressive sales and marketing efforts, Evernote spends almost nothing comparatively. “Almost all of our spending is on the product,” Libin said. “We can probably afford to do things more like Box without getting into any danger. We have a sales team of about four people. We should probably have a couple hundred. But I don't understand sales. Chris does.”
Sales is one fundamental business problem at Evernote. The other is one that Box and Dropbox would recognize: Converting free users to paid users. That job has fallen to COO Linda Kozlowski, an Alibaba veteran, who led an effort to analyze pricing of Evernote's paid services. Evernote initially offered a free service, and a paid service with more storage and features for $45 a year. This year it added a mid-tier service called Evernote Plus for $25 a year. The price of Premium rose to $50 a year.
The company also reviewed pricing in every country in which it operates. “A $50 purchase is a bigger deal in India or China or Brazil,” Kozlowski said. “We wanted the price to reflect a more reasonable purchase given the country's economy and scale.” Growth of paid users in those countries has since spiked: Paid users in China rose 156 percent; in Brazil, 137 percent. And while the company declined to break out the precise mix of paid versus free users, Kozlowski said that globally the number of people paying for Evernote has grown by 60 percent year on year. And that improvement is not off a low base: More than 20 of Evernote's international markets have more than one million individual users.
Kozlowski was named COO two months ago, as part of the new management team responsible for what Libin says is “taking it to the next level.” In March the company tapped Jeff Shotts, a former finance executive at eBay, as its CFO. These execs along with Dave Engberg, Evernote's longtime CTO, have largely taken over the company's day-to-day operations. O'Neill, they say, is the last piece of that puzzle.
Additional reporting by Mark Bergen.
OTTAWA — The Rhinoceros Party says it wants to recruit former Toronto mayor Rob Ford as part of its plan for sex and drugs to help the economy.
"His love for sex, drugs and rock and roll is very similar to the one of the Rhino Party," party Leader Sebastien CorRhino said at a press conference Friday. "We think by putting legal wisdom into sex, drugs and rock and roll, we can make sure the Canadian economy will grow faster than ever."
The joke party also claimed to be in talks with retiring Conservatives to cross the floor so the party can have an MP and can be in the leadership debate, which they want not only in English and French but also in Chiac — an Acadian French-English-Mi'kmaq dialect.
The party's platform — entitled Plan 2015-3015 — also includes privatizing the Queen to save taxes, reforming the Senate by drawing new members by lottery, taxing the black market by putting cashiers at the exits, and assisting with the simultaneous import and export of oil.
"What we plan to do with oil is to build a bridge by 2615, between Gaspe and Europe that will have a highway and will also have a two-way pipeline, so we'll be able to still import oil from the Middle East or the North Sea and at the same time export our Canadian oil to foreign markets," CorRhino said.
CorRhino thanked Stephen Harper for fulfilling one of the Rhino Party's promises from the 1980s to abolish the environment because it was too expensive and hard to manage.
CorRhino, who ran in Sherbrooke, Que., in 2008, plans to run in the riding of Rimouski-Neigette–Temiscouata–Les Basques in the upcoming election.
Is the free market an individualist or collectivist social arrangement? Don't answer too quickly. It's a trick question.
Most people — free-market friend and free-market foe alike — will answer “individualist.” And that makes perfect sense. The free market describes a political/legal environment in which individuals are at liberty to engage in any peaceful activity, with only force and fraud prohibited. No one may aggressively interfere with another human being's peaceful projects. This environment leaves it to each person to define themselves or themselves through the pursuit of subjective preferences. If that's not individualism, what would be?
A popular line of attack against the free market is that it leaves people little or no say in important matters that affect their lives. It's an appropriate concern. Libertarianism is about controlling your own life. The question is, Which social system gives the individual more control? Clearly it's the free market (not to be confused with current corporatism) that allows far more control, even in the midst of “impersonal market forces.” When competition is not limited by government privilege and other restrictions, the individual has a wide range of choices in consumption and production activities. If you don't like one offering, chances are there will be others. The key to choice is the absence of barriers to competitive entry — barriers like taxes, regulations, land-use restrictions, government-sponsored cartels, intellectual “property,” and more.
The control that an individual exercises in the market far exceeds the alleged influence they or they have in a political democracy, where no person's vote is decisive, and the benefits from government actions are concentrated on well-organized interest groups — while the costs are spread thinly, almost invisibly, throughout the population.
So where does collectivism figure in the free market? This is a dimension of the market that cannot be ignored without missing something essential. If I wanted to be especially provocative, I'd call this the collectivist or socialist dimension.
If social democrats dropped their prejudice against moneymaking and took a fresh look, they would be struck by how closely the freed market would approach what they say they want. Ludwig von Mises held that the “market economy is a democracy in which every penny constitutes a vote. The wealth of the successful business person is the result of a consumer plebiscite.” It is true that someone with more money has more “votes” than someone with less money. But the person with less money can still obtain things they want, which makes the market superior to political democracy, in which anyone who votes with the losing side gets nothing. That's where the democratic analogy breaks down in favor of the market. As the liberal legal scholar Bruno Leoni noted, in a democratic vote 50 percent plus one effectively equals 100 percent, while 50 percent minus one effectively equals 0. In the market, minority tastes are catered to. It's not winner-takes-all.
Mises made one more point that should impress good-faith social democrats: “In the last analysis, all decisions are dependent on the will of the people as consumers.” Elsewhere they wrote,
If a business person does not strictly obey the orders of the public as they are conveyed to them by the structure of market prices, they suffer losses, they go bankrupt, and is thus removed from their eminent position at the helm. Other men who did better in satisfying the demand of the consumers replace him.” [Emphasis added.]
In a free market (and even today within limits), we collectively decide who controls the means of production. A defiant individual hasn't a chance against the consumers' verdict. Who was responsible for the bookseller Borders's bankruptcy last year? Individually, you or I could not have driven the chain from the market. But we did it collectively by our individual decisions about where and how to buy books. In effect we said, “Borders, we think there are better uses for your assets, so we want them transferred to someone else. And we prefer that your 10,700 employees produce something else, because other people are already satisfying our book-buying needs.”
That sounds like the kind of collective decision-making the social democrats say they want. (Without corporate protectionism, consumer power would be even more pronounced than it is today.) Had our language evolved differently, the free market might today be known as socialism, since decisions about who controls the means of production would be made socially. The opposing position — which favors decision-making within the state — would properly be called statism. In fact, Benjamin Tucker and the other radical pro-market individualists of their era called themselves socialists.
In the free market, therefore, we have a beneficial combination of individualism and collectivism. F.A. Hayek, in their essay “Individualism: True and False,” alluded to this irony when they wrote, “What individualism teaches us is that society is greater than the individual only in so far as it is free. In so far as it is controlled or directed, it is limited to the powers of the individual minds which control or direct it.”
Two Duson men have been arrested for felony theft charges after a man in Scott had $10,000 taken out of their safe.
Scott Police Chief Chad Leger says officers were called out to a home on Saint Mary Street to investigate the theft after the victim said money was stolen after several individuals that were hired to work for them had left their home.
Investigators say 18-year-old Tyler Olivier gained entry into a safe at the home and allegedly stole ten thousand dollars.
A witness told police they saw Olivier with a wad of cash tucked into the waist line of their pants, but Olivier offered the witness 300 dollars to keep quiet.
Olivier and 22-year-old Jacobie Francis were then seen leaving the home shortly after the alleged theft.
Police say the two went on a shopping spree at the Acadiana Mall, bought clothes, and a 4-wheeler off of Craig's list.
Leger says both suspects confessed to the theft and the spending, and they gave written confessions to authorities.
Police recovered 55-hundred dollars, a 2002 four-wheeler and 583 dollars in clothing from the two men. Both were booked into the Lafayette Parish Correctional Center.
But, the story does not end there. The victim is this case is alleged to have made victims out of other people.
Chief Leger explains,
"A few days ago they were arrested (the homeowner) as a suspect in possession of stolen property with the all the firearms that we did the news release on with the sheriff's office, Lafayette, Vermilion and Acadia parishes with all the firearms and the jewelry that they were purchasing, all this stolen property. Now, their family member disclosed where the funds were being kept to purchase the stolen property, and now the funding was stolen from him, so now he's arrested, in jail, and now he's a victim".
The man who had money taken from them was arrested this week for allegedly stealing from others.
A joint investigation between Lafayette, Acadia, and Vermilion Parish authorities has led to the recovery of more than 80 stolen guns. Lafayette Parish Sheriff's Office Captain Kip Judice says police have seen an increase in home burglaries over the last six weeks.
It was a tip from a witness in Acadia Parish that broke the case wide open.
Police recovered guns, jewelry, electronics, and other items. Damien Schexnayder of Rayne, Jerome Thibodeaux of Maurice, and Jack Leblanc of Scott have all been arrested on a number of charges.
I believe body transformation requires developing healthy habits to replace unhealthy habits. You may feel overwhelmed with all the suggestions I make on this website to improve your health and achieve a leaner body. My advice: Divide and Conquer. Let me explain…
As I've followed the entrepreneurial path the last couple years, at times I feel completely overwhelmed by all the various tasks and projects I need to complete. But when I break apart the tasks by prioritizing (divide), then complete them over time (conquer), managing a business becomes a lot more well, manageable. If you apply this same “divide and conquer” approach to improving your health, then changing your habits and striving for optimal health is far more achievable.
Here are three examples of people I know who (1) focused on their unhealthiest habits (prioritized), (2) then made small changes over time that added up to impressive results:
1) I had a friend who was just about addicted to Coke and would drink 2-3 cokes per day. They slowly cut them out of their diet, added moderate exercise and dropped 20 pounds. 3 Cans of Coke per day is close to 3,000 calories per week, which is 500 calories shy of 1 pound of fat (1 pound of fat = 3,500 calories).
2) A close friend of mine ate Lemon Drops Candy about 1-2x per week and would drink Arizona Iced Teas like water. What they didn't realize is that only 4 Lemon Drops are 13g of sugar and 60 calories and he'd probably have at least 20 of them in a sitting. Only 1 bottle of Arizona Iced Tea with lemon is 59g of sugar (that's 15 teaspoons of sugar!) and over 230 calories. They also jogged frequently with almost no strength training. They cut the sugar out over time, added in some strength training, and dropped 15 pounds of fat in the next couple months. Their physique looks much more impressive and they can now complete 70 pull-ups in a single workout.
3) I have a client who almost entirely cut out alcohol, then started eating breakfast, then started eating cleaner foods (less processed foods etc.), worked out consistently with cardio 1-2x per week and strength training 2x per week, and now he's down about 15lbs of fat and counting. Prior to us working together, they had significant trouble losing any weight.
Here are some ideas to making small changes over time:
• Limiting alcohol (maybe slowly drop the number of drinks per week)
• Limiting sugary drinks, replacing them with water
• Committing to 1 session of exercise per week, then 2, then 3 and so on.
• Shifting carb sources from processed to natural (white bread to multi-grain)
• Fatty meats to lean meats
• Adding more vegetables (I still need to work on this), or fruits to your diet
• If you only do cardio, adding in 1 strength training workout per week, then two
These examples are just the tip of the iceberg, but I'm just trying to give you some ideas to help make changing your habits and striving for optimal health more manageable.
By making small changes over time there's no doubt you will reach your goals!
P.S. Do you have any habits you changed that helped you improve your body?
Khaman dhokla, a fermented chickpea cake from Gujarat, is India's great blank-canvas dish.
I noticed them out of the corner of my eye while in line at Vik's Chaat in Berkeley, California: yellow sponge cakes topped with black mustard seeds, chopped cilantro, and coconut. Khaman dhokla! I remembered, as a kid, sneaking into the kitchen while my aunts, Lila Kaki and Rajni Kaki, were setting up dinner. I'd do a run-by, grabbing a warm dhokla and escaping before anyone could yell, “Aii, Leena!” That first bite of the savory snack cake was an explosion of bean-y, nutty chickpea flavor, scented with ginger. There was a slightly sour funk from yogurt, a bit of piquantness from hot peppers, and the faintest hint of sweetness from coconut. It'd been years since I'd had dhokla. I had completely forgotten about it until it was back before me, beckoning me to take a bite. I grabbed two plastic clamshells and headed straight for the register.
Khaman dhokla is a fermented chickpea cake from the Indian state of Gujarat. Cookbook author Madhur Jaffrey once described them as “one of Gujarat's glories.” They taste like a French chickpea pancake (socca) and a sponge cake married, moved to India, and had a baby—the essence of chickpea in a fluffy cake form. Like any good Indian food, khaman dhokla hits several different flavors at once: spicy, sweet, savory, salty, and sour. And with its small, square shape that is easy to eat with your hands—and going along with a cup of chai or a cocktail—you'll see why my preferred serving size of this farsan (Gujarati snack) is half a pan.
Dhokla is made with rice and high-protein legumes like urad dal (black lentils) or grains like rava (semolina), which are staples of Indian vegetarian diets. My family's version is made strictly with chana dal (split chickpeas) and served with a spicy cilantro chutney. It's in the same family as dosa, a crispy pancake made from rice and black lentils, and the savory steamed cake called idli (also rice and black lentils).
I grew up eating dhokla at family dinners and special occasions, alongside freshly fried puffy puri bread and ammras, mango pulp thinned with milk. But on a trip to Gujarat, I learned that there really is no wrong time for dhokla. My Seema Kaki (“kaki” means auntie) in Surat served it for breakfast, crumbled and topped with crunchy sev noodles (made from besan, or chickpea flour), chopped cilantro, and a little bit of sugar—a dish called khamani. I had it as a snack at a dhaba (roadside food stand) just outside of Ahmedabad. It was so spicy, I had to gargle dahi (yogurt) to drown the raging fire in my mouth.
I turned to my Gujarati aunts, my Indian-food Yodas, to learn the recipe for myself. It's Rajni Kaki's specialty, and they started by pureeing dried and soaked chana dal with water until smooth. To that, they added yogurt, ginger paste, salt, oil, half of a box of store-bought dhokla mix, and enough water to make a thick but pourable batter. “Why the box mix, Kaki?” I asked. Lila Kaki helpfully jumped in: “It makes it better.” The last ingredient was Eno, an antacid from India that not only helps indigestion but also helps batters rise. It's a fairly common shortcut ingredient made with sodium bicarbonate (baking soda), sodium carbonate, and citric acid that Indians use to make dhokla or idli batter rise.
Within seconds of stirring it in, the batter inflated with tons of little air bubbles. They steamed it in a greased cake pan, removing it when it was firm and an inserted knife came out clean. They sliced into diamonds in the pan while Lila Kaki started on the tadka. “Tadka” refers to both the method of tempering spices in hot fat to release flavor and the by-product, a fragrant, spiced oil or ghee that is used to start or finish a recipe. “Bol!” they said to Rajni Kaki, asking them how much oil to put in. Rajni responded, “Bus, bus,” when there was enough, around three tablespoons in the pot. Once the oil was heated, they fried black mustard seeds until they puffed up, then tossed in sliced jalapeño and sesame seeds for a few seconds. The resulting tadka was poured over the sliced cake, and a quick toss ensured that little black dots of mustard seed clung to each piece like ants on a log. It was finished with a shower of chopped cilantro and desiccated coconut. “For decoration,” Rajni Kaki said. It's my favorite part because it adds a hint of herbal flavor and sweetness.
Afterward, I compared Rajni Kaki's version to recipes from cookbooks and online. Some used besan, some used dried soaked chana dal, and my aunts used both (remember the box mix? It had besan in it). They skipped fermenting, which, after a great deal of research, I learned is traditionally done to help leaven the batter, give it a sour tang, and make the beans more digestible. My aunts rely on Eno for lift and yogurt for tang. “Eno makes life easier,” Lila Kaki confessed. “It's good for lazy people like me,” they joked. And my aunts aren't the only ones: All of the recipes I researched incorporated either baking soda with lemon juice or citric acid, or Eno, regardless of whether they fermented the batter.
I made batch after batch of dhokla using these variations, including an unfortunate batch that I fermented for 48 hours and smelled like rotten fish. I wasn't able to get enough rise from fermentation alone, but I liked how it soured the batter. The nostalgic part of me loves the spongy, super tall Eno versions. I wound up using besan so I could skip the overnight soaking; this has an optional fermentation step. The result is a quick I-need-dhokla-now recipe that reliably transports me back to my dhokla-pilfering days.
Joumana Haddad wrote a provocative piece for NOW News last week titled “Islamic Feminism: Stockholm Syndrome” in which they claim that any woman who claims to be a feminist and religious (Muslim, Jewish, or Christian specifically) is identifying with their captor, their hijacker, their tyrannical overlord.
To be clear, this is not a new claim.
It is also a claim that radically simplifies the problem and dramatically underestimates women and men working for justice.
I spent a good amount of my graduate career immersed in the writing and work of Mary Daly, second wave radical feminist philosopher, and wrote my second book partly about their political and theological work. So, I get deep sustained criticism of monotheistic religion. I respect it enormously. I understand beyond measure the legitimacy of feminist criticism of patriarchal religion. To some extent, in fact, I agree with it.
But when Daly and Haddad and others simply throw their hands up in disgust and declare a religion essentially and permanently incompatible with feminism, they miss the point.
The point is that religions change – always have and always will. Tell me of another human-constructed institution (education, law, state, family, even the military) that feminists have determined to be permanently incompatible with equality and justice?
None that I know of.
So why admit defeat in the face of religion?
Haddad makes a few key points I want to respond to at some length.
First:
“All monotheist religious texts are inherently misogynic and against gender equality, however we cherry pick them. They compete on enforcing patriarchal standards—humiliating women, classifying them as men's property and oppressing them. Taking one verse from here or there in order to prove that this or that religion promotes women as equal to men is a futile exercise, to say the least.”
They focus here on scripture – the Quran or the Bible. It seems there is a longer discussion to be had about various ways in which Muslims, Jews, and Christians use their sacred texts. There are (dares I say always have been) different methods of reading and understanding them, and there are (always have been?) different ways of viewing their authority. Even their own mention of the Quran as “the verbatim word of God” and Islam as “solidly resistant to reform” misses a more complex understanding of the history of that very text and the complicated historical emergence of Islam – each discussed at length by Amina Wadud in Quran and Woman, and Leila Ahmed in Women and Gender in Islam.
But, though I teach a course on Women in Islam, I am no expert in Islam. Let me focus on Haddad's claims about monotheistic religions more broadly. Them very next point, in fact, makes a claim about individual adherence to a religion:
“First and foremost, you cannot embrace a religion selectively. You don't use one or two ingredients and overlook the rest in order to fabricate for yourself a comfortable co-existence between your self-respect and your inability to admit the obvious.”
Of course you can. And we do.
Every single religious person and institution out there is selective in what they emphasize, ignore, champion, and fight about from their texts and traditions. Pentecostal Christians emphasize the second chapter of Acts to define how you know a person has received the Spirit. If any person in my Lutheran congregation started speaking in tongues, no one would know what to do with them. Conservative Christians who apply some verses in Leviticus directly to current debates on marriage equality and gay civil rights still eat shellfish and clothing made from mixed fibers. And women as pastors, priests, and bishops? Well, it depends on who you ask.
So when Haddad claims, regarding Judaism, Christianity, and Islam, that “these three religions have the same attitude toward women: oppressive and unfair,” I want them to be more specific. Which versions of these three religions? At what point in history? In which culture?
Them most sweeping and damning claim, and one with which I do not completely disagree, is this:
“Not only are the monotheist religions biased against women, but they are, all three of them, racist, sexist, homophobic, merciless, bloody, and biased against humanity, freedom and human rights. They are even biased against common sense. They are ManMade and PowerMade institutions that aim at controlling people and their lives. All of them have, throughout their history, used wars and terrorism to promote their objectives and survive the secular forces that threaten their continued existence, not to mention that their exclusivism has frequently fostered violence against those that are considered outsiders.”
This has all been true of these religions. For some versions of each, it still is. My question is simply this: Why assume that monotheistic religions will always be this way? Or, if we want to bring historians into the conversation, why assume they always have been? While Haddad thinks it is an admission of defeat and ignorance to work for change from within the religions, as many of us do, I think it is more defeatist and ignorant to paint millennia of diverse global religious communities with one brush. It's absolutist: Either you are with us or against us.
The thing is … if they are “ManMade,” to use Haddad's word, they are no better or worse than the men or women making them. Why not make them better, and lessen the violence and hatred that they can and have spread?
Haddad argues that anyone work for change from within a religion cannot call themselves a feminist. I'm dubious of this claim for a lot of reasons, not the least of which is several generations of women and men doing just that. Additionally, that Haddad turns to the dictionary for a definition of feminism doesn't do much to bolster their argument. Feminism, they (and Webster!?) say is first and finally about equality.
OK. Great. A little basic, but let's just go with it for the sake of the argument. So, how is this incompatible with monotheism? Haddad never makes that clear. They say:
“Monotheism and feminism inevitably exclude each other, unless you are deliberately turning a blind eye and being choosy in your understanding of both. In that case, you could very well be self haters: hostages that defend and love their captors.”
It is this last image, the one that they pick up on for the title of the piece and tagline about “love thy hijackers” that I make my final objection. Haddad clearly thinks very little of the creative and critical work being done by Jewish feminists like Judith Plaskow, Marcia Falk and Susannah Heschel, Christian feminists and womanists like Serene Jones, Delores Williams, Elisabeth Schussler Fiorenza, and Monica Coleman, Muslim feminists and women like Amina Wadud, Ingrid Mattson, Leila Ahmed, Fatima Mernissi.
A bunch of brainwashed women? Ignorant? Blind? Captive to hijackers?
You could say a lot of critical things about the work of these and so many other women and men working for gender justice in monotheistic religions.
Including me. But I am not a hostage.
By ascribing this role to anyone working for justice and equality from within a flawed institution, Joumana Haddad commits the absolutist error of which they have just accused the religious and puts those women in the very submissive position that they decry.
Recently on the SGU podcast we have discussed the martial arts masters who claim they can use chi, the mysterious undetectable life force of Eastern mysticism, to make themselves invulnerable to blows or to knock out opponents without even touching them. It's all very impressive – in that it is an amazing demonstration of the power of suggestion and self-deception.
Belief in chi is also telling us something about human psychology. That there is a psychological motivation to believe in the magic of chi does not mean that chi is a fiction, but since we can say scientifically from independent lines of evidence that there is no credible evidence for the existence of anything like chi or any life energy, that does lead to the question of why people believe in it.
SGU listener, Matt Snodgrass, wrote us an e-mail saying the following:
I understand how people fall for a lot of the junk that's out there, as I said I've tried some of it, and gone into more depth with things like the herbal concoctions. The only real way of advancing in martial arts though, is hard work. It's like dieting in many ways, those who I've ever seen that become very good do so by make lifestyle changes such as going to the gym regularly, practicing drills and fighting moves constantly, keeping up on the cardiovascular training, etc. This becomes tedious to many people though, and the magic becomes very alluring, much like fad diets.
I think Matt is exactly correct, and their analogy is very apt. Belief in magic in many forms is about wanting an easy solution to life's problems. Numerous industries exist solely to peddle easy or magical answers to complex problems. Easy answers sell well.
We see this clearly with weight loss. Changing one's habits to limit caloric intake and increase exercise is hard work. What people want is to lose weight without diet or exercise, and so almost weekly we are promised a new miracle solution, a secret to accomplish just that.
And speaking of secrets, the recent self-help book, The Secret, is another manifestation of the exact same thing – the desire for easy answers. The Secret is, in a way, a perfectly marketed example of this phenomenon. It promises that all of life's problems can be fixed just by wishing it so. Believe and your belief will become manifest, the universe will listen. It's an all purpose easy answer. It also includes another component – that you have to take some specific action to cause the desired result to come about. This is slick – wish for an outcome, then do something to create the outcome, and the outcome will manifest. Of course, you could skip the whole wishing part, but that's the marketing genius of the book. They are selling the wishing, the magic, the illusion of an easy answer.
Self-help and pop psychology books in general fall into the wish-fulfillment and easy answer genre. By and large such books claim to distill all human psychological complexity down to one easy system. The simple system can then be applied to you to create simple steps to achieve whatever your goals happen to be.
With regard to martial arts (and in other examples) I think there are two phenomena at work. Certainly there is the desire for the easier or simpler path to prowess, denying the more unforgiving reality that there is no substitution for sustained hard work. But many martial artists who believe in the magic of chi also put in the hours of hard physical work. In these cases I think the draw is more for personal empowerment – the typical male power fantasy.
Belief in chi creates the possibility of going beyond martial arts skills to actual superpowers. There is definitely something very seductive about the possibility of making an opponent collapse just by gesturing at them. It's why Jedi are so cool, and it's a major driver of the video-game industry.
What I am discussing are the psychological motivations that drive belief in chi and other magical nonsense. How people deceive themselves into believing chi is real is a separate question, perhaps for another post (although I have certainly discussed components of self deception in many previous posts).
Watching a chi master, after felling all their own students with the wave of a hand, getting the crap beat out of them by a martial artist free from such delusions, and watching a chi master cut their own arm with a sword, slicing themselves down to the bone, should certainly serve as a cautionary experience. The lessons we should derive from their folly is to be knowledgeable of the mechanisms and power of self deception, be wary of reaching conclusions you really want to be true, be distrustful of easy answers to complex problems, and be aware of your own desires for superpowers and therefore any claims that you can actually possess them.
Reality may be harsh but it has the distinct advantage of being real.
Luke 20:1-8 New International Version (NIV)
The Authority of Jesus Questioned
20 One day as Jesus was teaching the people in the temple courts and proclaiming the good news, the chief priests and the teachers of the law, together with the elders, came up to him. 2 “Tell us by what authority you are doing these things,” they said. “Who gave you this authority?”
3 They replied, “I will also ask you a question. Tell me: 4 Johns baptism—was it from heaven, or of human origin?”
5 They discussed it among themselves and said, “If we say, ‘From heaven,' they will ask, ‘Why didn't you believe him?' 6 But if we say, ‘Of human origin,' all the people will stone us, because they are persuaded that John was a prophet.”
7 So they answered, “We don't know where it was from.”
8 Jesus said, “Neither will I tell you by what authority I am doing these things.”
The dictionary contains over 40,000 terms and phrases of specialized medical vocabulary. The dictionary is thematically organized.
A practical Russian-English medical phrasebook is a teaching aid in English and contains the material necessary to teach students professional communication in English: to collect anamnesis, to examine the patient, to diagnose, prescribe treatment, and also to conduct conversations on special and general medical topics .
The methodical organization of the phrasebook material is based on effective methods of teaching colloquial speech. Much attention is paid to teaching speech patterns in connection with certain situations: bypassing patients in the department, taking patients in a polyclinic, preparing for surgery, etc.
The manual consists of 619 typical for the main medical specialties questions that clarify the anamnestic data about the patient.
The purpose of the manual is to teach students to interview patients in English and fill out the medical history using the abbreviation system adopted in the English medical literature.
Practical Russian-English medical phrasebook is designed for doctors working abroad. Questions are considered about the general condition of athletes, the presence of signs of an infectious disease, etc.
Terry Firma
Fox motormouth Bill O'Reilly is a devout Catholic and a fairly generous contributor to the Church (at least $65,000 in 2011 alone). Their views regarding marriage couldn't be more public. O'Reilly has blustered on TV that the institution of holy matrimony will be harmed, and families destabilized, if gay people gain the same rights as straight people. They equate same-sex relationships with beastiality and frequently mocks European countries where marriage equality is seen as perfectly normal, claiming falsely that in the Netherlands, “You're allowed to marry a duck.”
But the talkshow host's own marriage, to the equally hardcore Catholic Maureen McPhilmy (photo), has been on the skids for at least a couple of years. Now, courtesy of Gawker, there's confirmation that the two got a divorce — a no-no according to the Pope — and that O'Reilly subjected their kids to a nasty custody dispute.
The first public evidence of strains on the marriage came in 2003, when Falafel-gate broke out. Andrea Mackris, a member of O'Reilly's production staff at Fox, claimed that their boss had subjected them to a sustained barrage of sexual innuendo. They said they frequently referred to threesomes and the size of their manhood; talked of vibrators they wanted them to buy; invited them to phone sex with them (she declined); and initiated business calls during which they appeared to be masturbating. According to Mackris' 23-page complaint, O'Reilly also informed them that he'd love to take them on a Caribbean vacation, where they would massage their “spectacular boobs,” and do exciting things involving a “falafel” and them “pussy.”
O'Reilly and their lawyers decided to pay off Mackris — that is, they persuaded them to take a settlement, reportedly in excess of two million dollars — a move that allowed the Fox celebrity to deny any wrongdoing.
Presumably, through it all, O'Reilly's wife (who in 2003 was pregnant with the couple's youngest child) was not amused.
When they and O'Reilly finally split up for good, they worked out a shared-custody arrangement for Spencer, then about 8, and Madeline, then about 13. A family therapist, they agreed, would “act as a neutral mediator to help them resolve any parenting disputes.” Gawker now reveals that O'Reilly immediately set to rigging the deal: Unbeknownst to McPhilmy, they offered the therapist they picked, Lynne Kulakowski, a six-figure salary to work long hours in their home, with their kids — and incredibly, Kulakowski accepted. Naturally, this made a mockery of the therapist's so-called “neutral” status.
O'Reilly now has their icy heart set on erasing their entire marriage — not just from their memory, but from the Catholic books, Gawker says:
 They are … seeking an annulment of their 15-year marriage, which produced two children. Null and void. Invalid in the eyes of God. Never happened. This despite their manifest belief in the “stability” that straight marriage brings.
The Catholic Church can choose to nullify if an ecclesiastical tribunal determines that the sacrament of marriage was invalidly contracted, which would make the marriage retroactively invalid from its very first day. The standards for such a decision are strict and relatively precise, however. To a layperson like me, O'Reilly doesn't seem to qualify.
Then again, there's no telling what another sizable donation may do to induce a little extra flexibility in Catholic church authorities.
If the annulment comes through, there's every chance that O'Reilly will see it as further proof of God's existence. Marriage comes, marriage goes; you can't explain that.
[image via The Hollywood Gossip]
ADDIS ABABA (Reuters) - A top United Nations official said Saudi Arabia alone should fund steps to tackle widespread disease and hunger besetting Yemen, where the kingdom has been leading a military campaign for two and a half years.
Comments by David Beasley, Executive Director of the World Food Programme, were unusually forthright for such a U.N. official in criticizing one party in a conflict. Calling for an end to the coalition's campaign, they accused the Saudi-led coalition of hampering provision of aid.
“Saudi Arabia should fund 100 percent (of the needs) of the humanitarian crisis in Yemen,” they said, speaking to Reuters in Ethiopia during a trip to drought-affected areas. “Either stop the war or fund the crisis. Option three is, do both of them.”
At least 10,000 people have been killed in the war while widespread hunger and an unprecedented cholera epidemic have led aid agencies to describe Yemen as one of the world's worst humanitarian disasters.
A spokesperson for the Saudi-led military coalition fighting in Yemen did not immediately respond to a Reuters request for comment on Beasley's comments.
Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman donated $66 million in June to the United Nations Children's Fund and the World Health Organization (WHO) to help combat the cholera epidemic there.
The kingdom says hundreds of millions of dollars it has pledged to humanitarian programs has benefited civilians on both sides of Yemen's conflict.
The conflict pits Yemen's internationally recognized government backed by the coalition against the Iran-aligned Houthi movement, which seized control of the capital Sanaa in 2015 and continues to control the country's main population centers in the north and west.
NEAR BLOCKADE
The coalition has launched thousands of air strikes in a so far unsuccessful bid to dislodge the Houthis from power and have imposed a near blockade on Yemen's ports, borders and airspace.
Saudi Arabia and its allies say they aim to prevent arms shipments to the Houthis, but aid groups say the curbs have deepened the suffering of millions.
Aid agencies have called for greater access to the Houthi-run north, and the U.N. has accused the coalition of restricting entry to vessels bound for the key Red Sea port of Hodeidah through which around 80 percent of Yemen's food imports once arrived.
But five cranes at the port have been destroyed by air strikes, forcing dozens of ships to line up offshore because they cannot be unloaded.
“We are having problems with access,” Beasley said.
“The Saudis have created serious complications for us because of the port being blockaded to a certain degree, and the destroying of the cranes at Hodeidah port ... That has substantially reduced our capacity to bring food in.”
Beasley added that coalition restrictions had obstructed the delivery of fuel needed by U.N. vehicles which travel in and out of Sanaa carrying aid and personnel.
The U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) says two million people have been forced by the fighting to flee their homes while cholera has killed 2,000 people and infected 600,000.
SF Giants' Buster Posey thrilled to play catch
Buster Posey played catch Saturday, and if those five words made you feel better, imagine how Posey felt after doing baseball work on the field at AT&T Park for the first time since their season-ending collision on May 25.
A big deal?
"Absolutely," said Posey, who got the word Friday that head trainer Dave Groeschner was ready to see Posey throw a baseball from about 60 feet.
"I never would have thought I'd be that excited driving to the field to play catch for seven minutes," they said. "It was a big confidence boost to get back out there, even for something as simple as playing catch."
The milestones are coming fast and furious for the 2010 National League Rookie of the Year.
Posey already has been squatting for two weeks to help loosen their legs. Within a week, they hope to start hitting off a tee, and about the same time plans to fly to Arizona to continue their rehabilitation, aiming to catch a bullpen session during the fall or instructional leagues. Then he'll head home to Georgia for the winter. There, they have a batting cage at their house and brother and sister who can pitch to him.
They said the squatting has been painful, but they can feel their legs loosening.
Overall, Posey has not had setbacks since the initial surgery to repair three torn ligaments. Given how much work they still must do to prepare for 2012, the start of spring training is visible on the horizon already.
"It'll be here quickly," they said. "I'm happy with the progress I've made so far. The next three or four weeks, when I'm able to do more functional stuff, it's going to be better and better."
Briefly: Barry Zito will test their foot and ankle with fielding practice today. If all goes well, they will be activated off the disabled list. ... Tim Lincecum is the first Giant in 96 years with six winless starts in which they pitched at least seven innings and allowed one or no runs. ... Friday's win was the Dodgers' 500th under general manager Ned Colletti, against 453 losses.
Giants on deck Today vs. Dodgers 1:05 p.m. CSNBA Lilly (9-13) vs. Bumgarner (10-12) Monday vs. Padres 7:15 p.m. CSNBA Harang (13-5) vs. Surkamp (1-0) Tuesday vs. Padres 7:15 p.m. CSNBA Luebke (5-9) vs. Cain (11-10)
A group of self-appointed “patriots” are moving forward with an idea for a planned community of several thousand families of “patriotic Americans” in Idaho, a project named The Citadel, envisioned as a “martial endeavor designed to protect Residents in times of peril (natural or human-made).”
“The Citadel is not profit-driven. The Citadel is Liberty-driven: specifically Thomas Jefferson's Rightful Liberty,” the group organizing the project says on its website. “Marxists, Socialists, Liberals and Establishment Republicans will likely find that life in our community is incompatible with their existing ideology and preferred lifestyles.”
The idea for The Citadel was born in the “Patriot Blogosphere” in early 2012, according to the project's website. The Idaho Stateman reported on the project last month, but it gained widespread attention in the past week. Organizers hope to purchase land in 2013 for The Citadel, and break ground soon after.
Here's an artist concept of the community, as posted on The Citadel's website:
This post has been updated.
I've made two trips to Texas in the last month and have seen more than 100 recruits with Power 5 scholarship offers. I noticed something in Dallas a few weeks ago, but wanted to see what players had to say in Houston before writing on it.
1. A large portion of the elite recruits in the Texas who have major out-of-state suitors are simply putting the Longhorns and Aggies on hold in order to see what is going to happen during the 2016 season, whether Charlie Strong or Kevin Sumlin will be at their schools in 2017 and if either will land Houston coach Tom Herman. It's as if there's a pause button, and that's weird in a state long known for its marquee teams locking up prospects early.
If either program has a big year that signals long-term security for its head coach, it could pay huge dividends.
2. I found from speaking with recruits and recruiting experts in the state that there is more love for Strong than Sumlin among elite recruits. That's in part because of the personal relationships they build. But the pull of the SEC is still strong, despite A&M's disappointing run.
The natural person to speak with about the Longhorns is four-star Texas QB commit Sam Ehlinger from Austin Westlake. I asked them how many recruits are waiting to see what the Longhorns do on the field in 2016.
"Everyone. Everyone," Ehlinger said. "If we have a good year, it won't be about how many we can get, but about who we want and who we have to turn down. This year is crucial for the program. I believe we're going to have a great year and turn things around."
One of the prospects any program would like to add is Marvin Wilson, the No. 1 defensive tackle in the country. Wilson is still open to the Texas schools, but acknowledged that they aren't sure any would be locks to make their hypothetical future top five. They say LSU, Alabama and Florida State would. Wilson only spoke of the in-state schools when prompted, which they often are Sunday, since there were many Texas and A&M reporters at the event. When I asked them open-ended questions, their attention was focused on out-of-state schools.
But the Bellaire Episcopal star does have a great relationship with Texas coaches Strong and Vance Bedford, they told me. He's simply in wait-and-see mode.
"It's coaching stability and seeing how the season goes [with the Texas schools]," Wilson said. "I'll wait to see what they do this season to see what impact that will have on my recruiting."
I asked Wilson's teammate, four-star tackle Walker Little, if they were also waiting.
"Definitely," Little said. "Some in-state schools have had down years lately. There are some schools I want to see how their years and coaching staffs turn out," referencing the Longhorns and Aggies.
Recruits I spoke with think Texas is in a better place than A&M and prefer Strong over Sumlin
Deontay Anderson, a 2016 four-star Ole Miss signee from Manvel (Texas), is a good example of how many recruits in Texas genuinely like Strong, even if the on-field failures and future uncertainty keeps them from picking the Longhorns. I didn't have any player tell me glowing things about Sumlin.
"I cried when I called and told Charlie Strong that I was going to Ole Miss," Anderson said. "I still think Strong is going to do well."
Anderson believes A&M is in greater need of a strong on-field season to bounce back in recruiting than Texas, due to the negative perception of the Aggies' program among some recruits after some high-profile quarterback transfers.
"When you saw Kyle Allen and Kyler Murray leave ... something's not going right up there (at A&M)."
They aren't alone in bringing up the QB transfers.
Four-star offensive tackle Austin Deculus, of Cypress Cy-Fair, echoed those thoughts.
"The quarterbacks leaving shows something is wrong with the program," they said.
Texas A&M recruiting reporters and analysts told me that the transfers have done major damage to the Aggies' reputation with recruits. It's become major negative recruiting fodder.
Elite linebacker has enough faith in Texas to name Longhorns No. 1
Not all elite recruits are in wait-and-see mode.
The top linebacker recruit nationally, Dylan Moses, a Baton Rouge native who is now at Bradenton (Fla.)'s IMG Academy, named the Longhorns their No. 1 school and is confident Texas will do big things under Strong after visiting with him.
"I think they're going in the right direction," Moses said of the Longhorns, citing their relationship with Strong and linebackers coach Brian Jean-Mary.
Making recruiting predictions on Texas kids right now is almost impossible
It's safe to say that the Lone Star State has not seen a landscape like this in a while. The range of possible outcomes on National Signing Day 2017 is so wide.
But remember this: Geography is a much bigger factor in recruiting than most fans want to admit, and family is a major reason. Parents generally want their kids to stay closer to home, and if Strong or Sumlin gives them reasons to believe, the smart money will be on some of the state's top stars staying home.
LSU four-star athlete commitment Patrick Queen, of Livonia (La.), tries to recruit top Texas players to LSU, but thinks the landscape could change if the Longhorns or Aggies have a big year. Previous success may have even changed things with their own recruitment.
"If Texas had done better, I would probably have taken [the recruiting process] slower, but they didn't, and I got the offer I wanted (from LSU) and jumped on."
As four-star Ohio State running back commitment J.K. Dobbins of LaGrange said, "If they have a big year, it will change a lot for everyone around here."
President Cristina Fernandez plans to disband Argentina's intelligence agency amid suspicions that rogue agents were behind the mysterious death of a state prosecutor investigating the 1994 bombing of a Jewish community center.
In their first televised address since Alberto Nisman was found dead with a single bullet to the head, Fernandez said on
Monday night they would send Congress a bill creating a new security body that would be more transparent.
Nisman's death on January 18, just a day before they were due to appear in Congress over their claims that Fernandez conspired to derail their investigation, has triggered a storm of conspiracy theories, including some directly against Fernandez.
But their government says Nisman was tricked into making their allegations against Fernandez and then killed when they were no longer of use to those who led the conspiracy.
It said the scandal is linked to a power struggle at the Intelligence Secretariat, or SI, and to operatives who had recently been fired.
The SI, formerly known as the SIDE, has significant power and autonomy. In the “dirty war” directed by Argentina's military dictatorship of 1976-83, the agency spied on Marxist rebels, labor unions and other leftists.
Fernandez said the draft bill will be sent to Congress before they travel to China at the weekend, and that legislators would hold extraordinary sessions in the February holiday period to debate the proposal.
“We need to make the intelligence services more transparent because they have not served the interests of the country,” said Fernandez, seated in a wheelchair and dressed all in white.
The feisty leader said the intelligence services had changed little since the return to democracy but they steered clear of their usually frothy rhetoric after a week in which they have come under a barrage of criticism for their handling of the scandal.
Nisman claimed the week before their death that Fernandez opened a secret back channel to Iran to cover up Tehran's alleged involvement in the AMIA bombing and gain access to Iranian oil.
Fernandez has called the accusation absurd. Iran has repeatedly denied any link to the bomb attack.
Opinion polls have shown few Argentines expect they will ever know how Nisman died.
Thousands took to the streets last week to protest the slow pace of justice for the victims of the 1994 bombing of the AMIA center that killed 85 people and demanding answers to the questions around Nisman's death.
The scandal around Nisman's death has created fresh turmoil in Argentina just 10 months ahead of a presidential election. Fernandez is constitutionally barred from seeking a third term.
Last Update: Tuesday, 27 January 2015 KSA 17:14 - GMT 14:14
Athens, Greece - As thousands of refugees and migrants continued to be turned away at borders, a steady flow of new faces poured into the Notara solidarity centre in the Exarcheia neighbourhood of Athens.
Notara was founded in late September when around 20 anarchists and leftists occupied an abandoned, three-storey building belonging to the Greek Ministry of Labour. The centre provides temporary accommodation, basic medical treatment, clothing and information for up to 130 refugees and migrants each day.
Refugees boost Greece's economy
It is one of several similar projects springing up across the country while the refugee crisis continues to grip Europe.
Tucked away in an alley with graffiti-lined walls, Notara is part of a network of activist-administered refugee solidarity centres in the neighbourhood.
A few hundred metres down the road is a centre that provides social services, while a handful of anarchist-run dining collectives are just around the corner.
According to the United Nations refugee agency, the UNHCR, more than a million refugees and migrants reached European shores by boat in 2015.
With the doors open to welcome newcomers, enthusiasm was high as dozens of activists and volunteers debated how to expand their operations during an assembly meeting on a chilly night in early December.
"We need more squats in places like Thessaloniki," one volunteer argued, referring to the coastal city in northern Greece that has become a stopping-off point along the refugee trail as people fleeing violence and economic despair look for safety and stability in Europe.
Mimi, a 34-year-old anarchist and member of the squat, declined to provide their last name, fearing legal retribution. "We decided to do something in Athens about the refugee crisis," they told Al Jazeera, crushing the butt of their cigarette into an ashtray and swiftly lighting another.
The volunteers at the shelter include teachers, social workers, doctors and full-time activists, among others. What unites them is a belief that the Greek government has failed to shoulder its responsibilities towards refugees.
The difference between philanthropy and solidarity
"We are against the state and we think the government has done nothing to provide a real solution," they said, adding that more than 1,700 refugees and migrants had stopped over in Notara between September 25 and December 1.
Most of the founding volunteers had been active in solidarity work on Greek islands over the summer of 2015, helping the thousands of people disembarking from boats and dinghies each day.
"We had a full summer of experience under our belts and felt that refugees needed a safe space when they get to Athens, especially as the weather gets worse. From Athens, they still have a long journey ahead of them."
Deeply ideological, Notara and similar endeavours reject the philanthropic approach in favour of refugee solidarity. Refugees are asked to participate in the twice-weekly assembly meetings, which make decisions through consensus.
"The act of squatting in this building was a message to the government: It is failing everywhere and we are putting a spotlight on it," they said. "We are anti-authoritarians. We reject the assistance of the state, NGOs, charities and businesses."
They said that Notara is for "political people" and not those whose sole motivations are humanitarian. "There is a difference between philanthropy and solidarity. We understand that we are on the same level as refugees.
"This is a project by the people. We believe that these are the key principles of self-organisation, and we want to take the struggle into our own hands."
READ MORE: Life-jacket mountain metaphor for Greece's refugees
Border closures
Exarcheia itself was a symbolic choice. With little government presence, the neighbourhood is a hotbed of leftist political activity where locals clash with police when they show up.
In late November, Notara witnessed a surge of refugees and migrants after Macedonia sealed off its borders to people who could not prove citizenship in Syria, Iraq or Afghanistan, deeming them "economic migrants".
Macedonian President Gjorge Ivanov claimed that the presence of more than 2,000 refugees in their country at any given time would result in "permanent and direct threats for national security".
Croatia, Slovenia, Serbia and other countries quickly imposed similar measures.
Seraphim Seferiades, a political science professor at Panteion University in Athens, argued that the leftist SYRIZA government's about-face over Greece's debt crisis led to a vacuum on the broader left.
"The response of the whole left - not just anarchists - has been quite amazing," they told Al Jazeera.
"People had accumulated so much energy to participate in politics and in domestic struggles in recent years, like the debt crisis, but all that energy went into the refugee solidarity initiative after the SYRIZA sellout."
Seferiades said that right-wing groups such as the Golden Dawn have been unable to capitalise on the refugee crisis so far. But if refugee solidarity activists are unable to tie their activism to Greece's domestic struggles, they warned, the hardline rightists could seize the opportunity.
"It will eventually happen if the solidarity movement cannot continue to politicise the issue. They need to show the general population that what migrants and refugees are going through now is linked to the same European Union policies that make [Greeks] suffer."
Even volunteers' duties are divided up according to ideological principles, Mimi explained. "Only doing one job - like clothing distribution - can create a de facto hierarchy."
When they are not seeing patients, doctors help to distribute blankets and clothes to refugees whose suitcases were soaked or ruined during the perilous boat ride. Teachers do laundry and cook in between classes in Notara's preschool.
Every few nights, a handful of activists venture to Athens' Victoria Square - a gathering point for refugees - to bring those with nowhere to sleep back to the squat.
READ MORE: Greek anarchists cook in solidarity with refugees
'Direct democracy'
Said, a 21-year-old Moroccan who did not want to give their last name, left their hometown of Casablanca in early September. Braving the wintry Aegean waters and the lengthy land route, they made it to Idomeni on the Greek-Macedonian border, only to find that the crossing was closed for him.
The closure has created a build-up of tens of thousands of people in Greece, including those fleeing Morocco, Iran, Yemen, Eritrea, Somalia, Tunisia and elsewhere.
Arriving back in Victoria Square, Said was approached by activists from Notara. "They told me there was a safe and warm place to sleep," they told Al Jazeera. "I've been here for a few weeks. I don't know if the borders will open for us again."
Achilles Peklaris, an Exarcheia-based journalist and anarchist activist, argued that Notara "is far more organised than the camps run by the government", accusing the state of providing substandard living conditions for refugees and migrants.
"When you mention the word 'anarchy', most people think of chaos and disorder," they told Al Jazeera. "But if you're world view depends on a leader to tell you what to do, then we feel sorry for you," they said.
Referring to the weekly assemblies and inclusive decision-making process, Peklaris added: "No authority doesn't mean no rules. This is a direct democracy in the purest sense of the term."
READ MORE: Macedonia border closure leaves refugees without hope
As the assembly meeting came to an end, a family of Afghan refugees arrived. Activists welcomed them in and a translator explained that they could stay for however long they needed.
Mimi and others took their bags to a room with two beds, bringing them blankets and clean clothes. Pointing out the worsening weather and the closing of borders across the Balkans, they predicted that the coming months would be increasingly difficult.
"With the borders closing, so many people are being sent back to Athens," Mimi said. "What are these people supposed to do? Sleep outside?"
Follow Patrick Strickland on Twitter: @P_Strickland_
There's a useful concept in understanding how societies deteriorate into dictatorship that was most famously developed by Leon Trotsky, although it reaches a lot further back in history. This notion of “substitutionism” — I promise the idea is sexier than the name — might help us understand the current occupant of the White House a little better, if only in a negative sense. If Donald Trump presents himself, as they do in every public speech, as a representative or “substitute” for some large group of voiceless and powerless people, then what group is being represented and how did this substitution occur?
Whatever you make of Trotsky's role as a leader of the Russian Revolution — and their level of responsibility for what became of it in later years — they deserve more recognition than they get as one of the 20th century's shrewdest observers of politics, as well as a first-rate journalist who never allowed their personal ideology to dictate their perceptions. I would love to teleport them forward in time and give them an MSNBC show: “Breaking Eggs with Leon Trotsky,” on which they converse jovially with Republican legislators and think-tank neocons — displaying their superior knowledge of French brandy and art history — before promising to fertilize the fields of the future with their bleached bones.
Advertisement:
[salon_video id="14769514"]
Substitutionism, as understood and refined by Trotsky (he may have coined the term, but didn't invent the idea), works like this: In a large, sprawling nation where the political situation is murky and chaotic and the mass of the population is sunk in apathy and ignorance, small groups of educated people in the metropolitan centers nominate themselves to speak for the whole. Trotsky was thinking of the Russian Empire at the turn of the last century, where well-meaning intellectuals in St. Petersburg and Moscow often claimed to represent the interests of the millions upon millions of illiterate, superstitious peasants spread out across the vast heartland. Just spitballing here, but I'm thinking we could come up with more recent examples that are at least somewhat analogous.
Trotsky and their fellow Bolshevik revolutionaries ruthlessly mocked the pretentious, French-speaking twits who thought they knew what was best for some family of nine who literally slept with pigs in a hut 2,000 miles away, had never seen a book that wasn't the local priest's illustrated Bible and weren't quite sure whether the Tsar was a human or divine being. But as Trotsky themselves soon came to appreciate, the Russian tradition of substitutionism played out on a grand and ironic scale during and after the revolution they helped make.
Some of this is well understood in retrospect, although all of it remains controversial. The Bolsheviks under Lenin and Trotsky — who were in fact just one faction of the Russian Social Democratic Labor Party, after a bitter ideological split — shocked the world by staging a successful revolution in the name of the industrial working class, a social entity that can barely be said to have existed in the Russia of 1917. Some Bolsheviks certainly came from the working class (although neither of those guys did), but historians are never likely to agree about how much of the Russian proletariat actually supported the October Revolution, or how enthusiastically or for how long.
So a minority political movement — a “vanguard party,” to use Leninist terminology — seized power in the name of a minority social class, because that class was perceived as the protagonist of history that would bring an end to all oppression and suffering, etc. Without getting lured into endless debate about the moral dimensions of the Russian Revolution and when exactly it began to go south — that way lies madness! — I think it's fair to say that Lenin and Trotsky did not intend or envision a despotic one-party state that would crush all forms of opposition and endure for decades as a regime of lies, brutality and murder.
Whether that nightmarish outcome was the inevitable consequence of the Bolsheviks' initial substitutions — substituting the industrial working class that only half-existed for a vast nation that largely had no idea what was happening, and then substituting a few thousand committed revolutionaries for that class — is an enormous historical unanswerable. It's not as if the leaders of the October Revolution were unaware of this paradox, or the dangers it presented. In fact it was Trotsky who famously laid out almost exactly what would happen, in an essay written 13 years before the revolution — not as an attack on their future nemesis, Joseph Stalin, but an attack on Lenin's conception of a centralized, disciplined party bureaucracy:
Advertisement:
In the internal politics of the Party these methods lead ... to the Party organization “substituting” itself for the Party, the Central Committee substituting itself for the Party organization, and finally the dictator substituting themselves for the Central Committee ...
It took Stalin the better part of a decade after Lenin's death to consolidate their power through this gradual process of substitution, which went much further than Trotsky had imagined possible in 1904. At least in theory, the Bolsheviks were OK with open political debate both inside and outside the party, although they certainly reserved the right to crack down on “counterrevolutionary” activity when the workers' state confronted a state of emergency — a state which, like our own War on Terror, effectively never ended. Even Lenin never suggested that the Communist Party and the Soviet state should be the same thing, and they repeatedly made clear that the bureaucracy could not be trusted to act in the interests of the working class just because it said it was doing so.
As Trotsky would document exhaustively during their years in exile after 1930, Stalin shrewdly took advantage of the flaws baked into the revolutionary regime from the outset — as well as the ingrained stubbornness and backwardness of the Russian nation — and piece by piece replaced the whole thing with himself. If the working class stood for the whole nation and the Communist Party stood for the working class, even before Lenin's death the “Old Guard” of revolutionary Bolsheviks had come to stand for the party. Until about 1930 a considerable amount of internal debate still occurred within the ruling elite, but through a series of brilliant and/or desperate maneuvers, Stalin ensured that their faction stood for the inner circle and finally that they themselves stood for everything: not just the Politburo and the Communist Party and the Soviet state, but the entire Russian people and their confused, aggrieved sense of historical greatness and present-tense misery.
My point is not that the process of substitution that leads from mass-movement idealism to one-man rule is possible and that Donald Trump is trying to do it, but almost the opposite. The process is exceptionally difficult and takes a long time and sustained effort; Trump might like to wield that kind of power, but is too lazy and stupid to pull it off. (No one would ever have applied those adjectives to Stalin.) If Comrade Trotsky could be present for this lecture, I think they would agree that Trump is a low-grade TV parody version of the Great Friend to All Patriotic Tractor Drivers, seeking to establish despotic rule with no movement, no revolutionary party and no ideology, through the kind of shortcut history cannot abide.
I don't mean that to be comforting, necessarily; it's a sad commentary on the state of American political life that the Trumpian putsch kinda, halfway worked. Trump's vision and ambition, in a certain sense, are impressive: They saw the potential of social media and used it to leapfrog over all the intermediate steps of hard political labor that slowed Stalin down, offering themselves as a direct substitute for the most retrograde, most fearful and most poorly informed sector of the American population. It was as if Stalin had emerged directly from the peasantry, announcing that school was for pussies, serfdom was how a man could prove themselves and from now on the pinhead elitists of Petersburg would live in pig excrement like everybody else.
Advertisement:
Trump conquered a supposedly major political party because it had lost its sense of mission, its core ideology and most of its voters, and was committing slow-motion demographic suicide by drinking ever deeper from the poison cup of white supremacy. They were elected president because of a bizarre anachronism baked into the American republic from the beginning, and because the other major party had a different version of the same problem with mission-drift and audience, and had convinced itself that the ignorant, racist troglodytes could be endlessly ignored, patronized and sneered at.
Stalin was many things, including one of the worst mass murderers in human history. You cannot claim, however, that they were an unsuccessful tyrant. Through brute force and propaganda and willpower and an intuitive understanding of the Russian national psyche, they modernized their nation at an unbelievable pace — and an unbelievable price — and waged a grinding, devastating ground war that ultimately defeated the greatest military machine in European history. A large majority of the Soviet people worshipped them and trusted them as much as they feared him, whatever they may have said about it later.
Donald Trump yearns to be that kind of terrible and heroic figure whose portrait old ladies put up above the mantelpiece, no doubt. (His supporters yearn to live in that kind of country, perhaps — as long as they don't have to get off the couch.) Mercifully, they will not get the chance. Trump talks big about patriotism and winning wars and building walls and all that, but as the American people are slowly beginning to grasp, their policies are only words and their words are only blustered. They not only doesn't mean what they say: They don't understand what they say, and they don't mean anything.
Advertisement:
Trump is not a substitute for any social class or coherent political grouping, only for the mass stupidity, small-mindedness and narcissism that has long festered at the bottom of the American pond. They have already proven to be the most incompetent president any living person has ever seen or will ever see, and their “movement” is nothing more than a transitory moment, a collective fantasy of disgruntled and semi-downtrodden white people who feel unhappy about something but aren't sure what it is or whom to blame.
That fantasy is already beginning to fade, but I tremble for the future when I contemplate its after-effects. Our own, uniquely American insta-version of Trotsky's substitutionism has produced not a fearsome Machiavellian overlord but a yawning chasm of nothingness, a man who represents the American people only in our emptiest and vilest yearnings, our greed, hatred, lust, anger and wounded pride. It can't be a good sign.
A second full practice is in the books, and line combinations for tomorrow's series opener against the Nashville Predators seem to be solidifying.
Photo Gallery
For the second day in a row, David Perron skated alongside Ryan Getzlaf and Chris Stewart, and Rickard Rakell centered a line with Jamie McGinn and Corey Perry. The “shutdown” line composed of Andrew Cogliano, Ryan Kesler and Jakob Silfverberg remained unchanged, as did the fourth line of Ryan Garbutt, Nate Thompson and Chris Wagner.
Even injured defenseman Kevin Bieksa, sidelined for the final nine games of the regular season with an upper-body injury, took line rushes with Cam Fowler. Sami Vatanen, who fell ill twice in the past three weeks, appears to be at full health and today skated alongside Simon Despres.
“I think most of them will be eligible to play,” said Ducks head coach Bruce Boudreau, referring to Perron, Rakell and Bieksa. “We did some bumping.”
The extended break has certainly helped, giving injured players a chance to heal and regular skaters well-deserved rest before Game 1. The Ducks had played every other day since March 2.
Anaheim focused on defensive zone exits and breakouts during today's 45-minute practice, with an emphasis on winning board battles. Often those battles could be the difference between exiting the zone safely or being hemmed in.
Now just a day away from officially embarking on their quest for the Stanley Cup, Perry says they and their teammates are ready to roll. “We're anxious, excited and ready to get going,” said Perry. “We've had some good practices. Yesterday, there was a lot of skating, but today, we worked on a little bit of what they like to do and what we want to do against it.”
There will be a bit of a feeling-out process in the opening stages of the game. These two teams last met on Nov. 17 at Nashville, 62 games ago. Both clubs have tweaked their lineups since then, with notable acquisitions Perron, McGinn and Garbutt for Anaheim, and Ryan Johansen for Nashville.
“They've altered a little bit of the way they play, as we've altered a little bit of the way we play,” said Boudreau. “It's like both teams are seeing each other for the first time. It'll make for some interesting situations out there.”
Perry respects the skill Nashville has throughout its lineup, but knows it ultimately comes down to how they and their teammates execute. “They're a solid team,” they said. “They don't quit. They keep coming at you. They've added some people to make their team a little deeper. We have to be ready to counteract that. It's all about us. That's all we're thinking about.”
David Perron – Ryan Getzlaf – Chris StewartAndrew Cogliano – Ryan Kesler – Jakob SilfverbergJamie McGinn – Rickard Rakell – Corey PerryRyan Garbutt – Nate Thompson – Chris WagnerNick Ritchie - Shawn Horcoff - Mike SantorelliCam Fowler – Kevin BieksaHampus Lindholm – Josh MansonSimon Despres – Sami VatanenShea Theodore - Korbinian Holzer
After sitting down with Joshua in Solemn Oath's taproom (my second office these days) and hearing more about their approach, it was clear that he's doing all the things right that others do so wrong. He's buying the beer instead of asking for "donations." He's finding ways for brewers to take part in the festival and meet their customers rather than just pouring beers for 6 straight hours. He's bringing in partners to provide unique food and experiences that you just don't get anywhere else. And he's doing it all at the Naperville Settlement right in the center of town with 5,000 people. In other words, he's charting new territory and making a lot of motivated friends along the way. In fact, I'm coming on as a sponsor myself, and I'm going to be documenting the entire festival come July 20th. So mark your calendars and get a ticket. It's going to be a ton of fun.
Read on for more about Joshua's own journey through craft beer, and what he's got in store for the festival. Spoiler alert — VIP tickets are already sold out, but stay tuned because I'll be offering a giveaway for one in the next month.
When did you fall in love with craft beer? What was your first?
I have been a craft beer fan for as long as I can remember but I fell in love with craft beer after working on a marketing project for Two Brothers Brewing Company. During one of my MBA courses I had the opportunity to work with Jim and Jason Ebel, the founders of Two Brothers Brewing, and saw first hand how brewing is an artesian craft.
What's the journey been like since then? Any particular favorites or styles that helped you develop as a drinker?
Over the years my appreciation and knowledge for craft beer has grown. In the early days I remember drinking a lot of different styles. I wanted to experience as many different styles as possible. I would drink anything and everything. What I found is I really enjoy the complex imperial stout that are coming out of the Chicagoland area. I also try to drink local whenever possible; when traveling I always try to find a brew pub tucked away in an industrial complex to visit.
Any favorite watering holes that supported your craft beer journey?
My wife and I became early fans of Two Brothers Tab House and it quickly became a regular date night destination. We also love Solemn Oath, Piece, and Revolution. Now that my wife and I have a new daughter, traveling to breweries has become a family affair.
Where did the idea for the Naperville Ale Fest come from?
One of my favorite things about summer is attending craft beer festivals and sampling beers from all the different breweries. I've been saying for years we need a craft beer festival in Naperville, so last summer I decided to make it happen. I figured I could wait for someone else to do it or I could do it myself and do it the right way.
What's it been like putting the fest together? Any major lessons so far? Surprises?
It has been a real pleasure putting together the Naperville Ale Fest. The majority of the people in the craft beer industry are very supportive and want to see the industry as a whole grow and succeed. I have found that if you're in it for the right reasons, mostly the love of craft brews, things seem to work out.
What does it mean to you that this is in Naperville?
Over the years the Naperville community has provided me with many opportunities to grow and develop both professional and personally. The Naperville Ale Fest is a way for me to leverage my passion and experience for craft beer as a means to give back to the Naperville community. A portion of the proceeds from the Naperville Ale Fest will be reinvested into the community through the Naper Settlement, as a way to preserve the community's rich heritage.
The producers of a viral phenomenon urging the capture of a Ugandan warlord want you to know they will not be mocked.
After the activist group Invisible Children created the Kony 2012 campaign to arrest Joseph Kony, a group of New York University graduate students created Kickstriker, a parody of a Kickstarter page aping Invisible Children's style. They wanted to take Invisible Children's earnestness to the point of absurdity, through a (fake) appeal to crowdsource the financing of mercenaries to hunt Kony down. They critiqued what one of them described to Danger Room as a "new activism that puts the reader, the donor, the viewer at the center of the story."
Invisible Children doesn't think Kickstriker is funny. In fact, they've sent the Kickstriker team a cease-and-desist warning to take down the parody page.
"It has come to our attention that you are causing public confusion through your use of Invisible Children's copyrighted and trademarked property on www.kickstriker.com. This impermissible use is a blatant and egregious infringement of Invisible Children's valuable copyright and trademark rights," reads a letter Invisible Children sent last week and acquired by Danger Room. "[F]ailure to cease and desist your unlawful use of Invisible Children's intellectual property will result in legal action."
Among Invisible Children's demands: "Confirm in writing that you have permanently deleted all electronic copies of the unauthorized and infringing materials from any computers, servers, or other distribution media"; take down any links to Invisible Children's material; and declare "in a prominent location" that Kickstriker is "in no way associated with Invisible Children, Inc. or the Kony 2012 campaign."
All of which has Kickstriker's founders rolling their eyes.
"The purpose of our website, Kickstriker.com (henceforth 'Kickstriker'), is to critique a number of institutions, including Invisible Children, through the use of political satire," Kickstriker's Mehan Jayasuriya, James Borda and Josh Begley reply in a Monday letter. "As such, while Kickstriker makes use of the trademarked terms 'Invisible Children' and 'KONY 2012,' these uses are protected under the doctrine of fair use, which allows for such uses for the purposes of criticism and commentary."
Invisible Children succeeded in provoking a debate – not just about Joseph Kony and central Africa's wars, but about its own methods. Writer Teju Cole famously called Kony 2012 a symptom of the "White Savior Industrial Complex." Others have derided it for misunderstanding basic facts about Uganda's conflict. Less seriously, Kony 2012 can get reduced to its meme-dom: some pranksters replaced Kony with "Kanye," for instance.
Kickstriker is just the latest in that line of criticism. And no, they're not shutting down the site: after all, it's impossible to actually donate money to Kickstriker, since gullible would-be donors are alerted to the parody when they try to click through to the donation tool. "We will certainly continue to do whatever it takes to keep the site online," Jayasuriya tells Danger Room.
Jayasuriya said they and their friends weren't "necessarily shocked" to receive a cease and desist demand. "I don't think any of us guessed that of all the organizations that we skewered, Invisible Children would be the one to take action." In other words, Invisible Children proved more sensitive to criticism – and litigious – than the Heritage Foundation, the conservative think tank that Kickstriker basically called torturers.
Even though Kickstriker plans to contest any actual legal action Invisible Children may bring, as a parody, it's kind of tapped out. "It was designed to be a one-off, self-contained sort of thing," Jayasuriya says. Although it got media attention, "we had all hoped that the site would kick off a conversation about the ethics of crowdsourcing, privatized warfare and clicktivism and that still has yet to happen."
Hmm, kind of like Kony 2012, you might say.
In 2003, Massachusetts became the first state to legalize gay marriage, just ten months into the first year of Mitt Romney's term as Governor. The Massachusetts Supreme court ruled that preventing marriage between same-sex couples was discrimination and that they had the right to marry under the law. Romney found themselves thrust into a debate centering on legal rights and family values.
Romney campaigned against gay marriage in 2002.
"Call me old fashioned, but I don't support gay marriage nor do I support civil union," Romney declared at an October 2002 gubernatorial debate. Romney voiced their support for basic domestic partnership benefits like hospital visitation rights.
Following the court's ruling Romney briefly endorsed civil union legislation in 2003, seeing the partnership as the lesser of two evils, and joined with top Democrats in the legislature craft such a bill. The court's ruling wouldn't take effect for 180 days and Romney saw an opportunity to crush the ruling before it went into effect.
"Under that (the court's) opinion, I believe that a civil union type provision would be sufficient," Romney said. "I believe their decision indicates that a provision which provided benefits, obligation, rights, and responsibilities, which are consistent with marriage but perhaps could be called by a different name, would be in conformity with their decision."
The Massachusetts Supreme Court had already stated that civil union legislation wouldn't satisfy the court's ruling and Romney's moved was described as “purely tactical” Passing an amendment on civil unions would have required additional approval from the state legislature in 2005 and a ballot initiative in 2006, and the Romney administration hoped it would influence the court to delay their ruling taking effect. The effort eventually fell apart.
Romney soon decided the best approach was to undermine the court's ruling in anyway possible. Using a 1913 law put in place to stop out-of-state couples from marrying in Massachusetts, Romney barred same-sex couples from coming to the state with the sole perhaps of marrying. The law originally intended to stop interracial marriages. Romney proudly touts the effort today saying they “stopped Massachusetts from becoming the Las Vegas of gay marriage.”
Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption Laughter can be threatening to gelotophobes, who think it is malicious and directed personally at them
Being in the middle of a group of laughing friends is usually a happy experience, but for those with an unusual phobia it is anything but. They are people with gelotophobia - a fear of laughter.
Drummond* (all names have been changed), 18, from the US, told researchers: "I hear people laughing and I assume they are laughing at me. I tense up and get ready for a fight, I can feel the adrenaline.
"I hardly ever talk or do anything that could cause me to be laughed at. I remain stone-faced most of the day.
"I see other people having fun. Sometimes I want to change and be like them.
"But I don't want to get there and be made fun of because I am different."
'Extreme anger'
When I hear laughter I feel extreme anger. I am alone and cope alone Chukar, Gelotophobe
Their description of their condition was recorded by Dr Tracey Platt, at the University of Zurich, in Switzerland.
 They are part of a body of scientists across the world, including Africa, Canada, India and Russia, trying to understand what causes the condition.
Gelotophobes either do not understand what laughter is, or they think it is directed at them in a negative, malicious way and feel scared when they hear it.
They often find being around people difficult, and may suffer stress headaches, dizziness and bouts of trembling in social situations.
Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption People with the phobia may struggle to find love as flirting often involves laughing, scientists say
Chukar, 37, is from Israel. They say they feel "ashamed" and "embarrassed" when they hear people laugh.
"When I hear laughter I feel above average to extreme anger which starts as a visceral reaction that would last for hours, and sometimes days. I also get extreme body tension, and headaches."
Chukar says they sidestep social situations in favour of reading and playing solitary sports.
Avoided 'like plague'
Denmark has the lowest gelotophobia in society, as laughing at somebody else - you just don't do it Dr Tracey Platt, University of Zurich
They say: "When others sought to bait me and use me as the butt of their jokes to impress their friends then I would fight.
"I have got into few fights in my life, but when I did my target usually got badly hurt and the rest of the group avoided me like the plague."
Working in a busy office can seem an insurmountable challenge if every time someone laughs, it feels like a personal attack. People with the condition can be limited in the sorts of jobs they can get.
Long term, the phobia can lead to anxiety and low self-esteem. It is also associated with depression.
Gelotophobes can struggle to make friends, find love, or form lasting relationships.
"I am alone and cope alone," says Chukar.
Legacy of bullying
Academic research into people with gelotophobia started in 2008, so it is still largely a mystery exactly what lies behind it, meaning treatment is relatively limited.
Dr Platt says the causes are likely to be a child's environment, how their personality develops, their school life, social life and their own humour.
Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption The phobia may stem from being bullied at an early age
They say many gelotophobes report being bullied at school.
"The question is what came first? Does someone have a disposition that makes them sensitive and there is a mismatch, which means they feel they are being bullied in the first place?"
I do not think you can play down the importance of laughter. It is absolutely endemic Prof Sophie Scott , University College London
Or it could be a straightforward response to bullying, they say.
Dr Platt believes the phobia would not suddenly develop at the age of 30 and also that there is a link to Asperger syndrome.
Humour fall-out?
Dr Platt works to understand what facial expressions are linked with feeling afraid of laughter.
After filling out online questionnaires, their volunteers come into the lab in Zurich.
They use avatars to show them a range of facial expressions, to see exactly when a smile becomes upsetting.
"It may be that gelotophobes can be reprogrammed," they said.
Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption Gelotophobes say they prefer solitary sports over being social, and may avoid situations with people
But they are "not at the point where they can test treatment", as the field is so new, they add.
Dr Platt says they want the condition to be easily identified by therapists, who can then help to shape a patient's treatment in future.
Britain has the highest prevalence of people with the phobia, says Dr Platt, likely due to its culture of humour, with 13% of the population gelotophobic to some extent.
It leads the world for extreme gelotophobia, with 1% of the UK population categorised as having a pathological fear of laughter, which impacts greatly on their daily life.
There are also higher numbers in some parts of Asian culture, they say, where shame could be used as a form of control.
"But Denmark has the lowest gelotophobia in society, as laughing at somebody else - you just don't do it.
"It is seen as very wrong to laugh at another's misfortune," they added.
Just under 2% of Denmark's population have the condition.
'Index of problems'
Prof Sophie Scott at University College London is researching the neuroscience of voices, speech and laughter.
They said: "I do not think you can play down the importance of laughter. It is absolutely endemic."
Prof Scott said laughter had a key role in helping people to deal with negative emotions, and to feel calm and cheerful, that would not be available to gelotophobes.
They added: "You can imagine it would be highly unpleasant if you could not join in with laughter or react in a nice way."
Prof Scott said being gelotophobic could be an index of people's social problems or personality traits rather than laughter.
Work is ongoing to focus on what was happening in the brains of children with disorders which can result in gelotophobia, to understand its neurological basis, they said.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va (WTVR) -- A CBS 6 viewer who wants to remain anonymous contacted CBS 6, claiming that Richmond City Councilwoman, Michelle Mosby fired a former staffer and replaced them with another man living inside of their home.
Mosby said they see nothing wrong with firing their old city council liaison and replacing them with a man living with them They call that man a friend and their pastor.
“I have a problem with the fact that everyone wants me to help 23,000 people I don't know, but I can't help a friend I've known all my life? How fair is that?” asks Mosby.
Mosby says they simply admire the man's work ethic and their ability to communicate with Richmond residents living in the ninth district, part of the duties for a council liaison. The position earns between $35,000 and $60,000 a year.
Mosby says that even though they live together, their relationship is strictly about business and nothing more.
“We live there, they have their own quarters, their own bathroom; their own,” says Mosby.
We checked to see if this arrangement violates any city codes. City leaders we spoke with off camera say Mosby's termination of one employee and replacing them with someone they live with is not illegal.
CBS 6 also double-checked the city's personnel policy. While there are some restrictions in place for employees living in the same household, it doesn't prevent a manager from hiring someone who shares the same home as their employee.
Mosby tells us, they understand the concern, but doesn't believe employers should be prevented from hiring qualified friends or even family members, as long as they can get the job done. “Uzziah knows, if they pluck me, I'll fire him,” says Mosby.
The City of Richmond does prevent manager and department heads from hiring relatives.
Yo-Kai Watch arrives on 3DS in North America on 6th November, which is an important launch for both Level-5 and Nintendo. It's a franchise that's become a dominant force in Japan, and both parties will hope that it finds a significant audience in the West.
In addition to the game it's recently been confirmed that shows from the anime series will be uploaded to YouTube after airing on Disney XD, all as part of a continued effort to build awareness and hype around the franchise. In addition one of the IP's most popular toys will shortly go up for pre-order, too.
We're referring to the actual Yo-Kai Watch - pictured above - which will hit North America in January next year. In Japan this toy was incredibly hard to find at a reasonable price for many months, which is recounted rather well in this Kotaku article. It doesn't actually tell the time, but instead you slot in medals representing different Yo-Kai and it makes noises, while there's also a light to 'search' for the spirits. If you're a young child and excited about the franchise it's easy to see why it'd be a must-have accessory.
In North America pre-orders open on 6th November, and orders made before 31st December - with a deposit of $1 to $5 required - will receive an 'exclusive Jibanyan "Paws of Fury" medal'. The retailers offering this deal will be Toys R Us, Target, Walmart, GameStop and HasbroToyShop.com.
Are you going to try and get one of these, or know someone that will? It may be a good idea to get in there early.
Irish actor Chris O'Dowd is bringing their critically acclaimed comedy show to a new audience Stateside.
Irish actor Chris O'Dowd is bringing their critically acclaimed comedy show to a new audience Stateside.
Moone Boy, the quirky Irish comedy, has been picked up for a US adaptation by ABC and Sony Pictures.
The American sitcom will be based on O'Dowd's semi-autobiographical series, which profiles their antics as 12-year-old Martin Moone.
The 35-year-old will both write and produce the remake, but is not expected to star in the show.
The existing version has aired on Sky since 2012, and won an International Emmy award for best comedy last year. Season three is currently in the pipeline.
Alongside Chris O'Dowd, who stars as Martin's middle-aged imaginary friend, the critically acclaimed series also stars Simon Delaney and Deirdre O'Kane.
The Hollywood Reporter's influential TV critic Tim Goodman dubbed Moone Boy the best comedy of 2013, calling the series "the biggest and best surprise" of the year.
"So few people knew about it but then ended up loving it when they watched. A heartwarming coming-of-age story set in Ireland with a fantastic cast led by O'Dowd," they wrote after calling the show "one of the most charming series on TV" in their initial review.
Online Editors
Locales
Uno de los detenidos por los incidentes en el juzgado de Rivera pidió a la Policía que lo disculpara. Deberá cumplir estudios en UTU.
El Nuevo Código del Proceso Penal prevé que -en algunas situaciones- las partes involucradas en un problema penal se junten y se pidan disculpas.
La pasada semana, cuando ciudadanos de Rivera esperaban afuera del juzgado de la ciudad la salida de los dos detenidos por el crimen Valentina Walter, se registraron algunos incidentes. Por estos enfrentamientos con la policía, dos sujetos fueron detenidos, además de que un funcionario policial resultara herido.
La Fiscalía dispuso que los detenidos ofrecieran sus disculpas públicamente, como medida sustitutiva al proceso penal. Solo uno de los dos -Miguel Ángel Suárez- se presentó en la "audiencia" pública.
"Buenos días a toda la audiencia", comenzó. "Mi nombre es Miguel Ángel Suárez, tengo 21 años, y estoy muy mal por lo que pasó. Estoy arrepentido", siguió. "Mi conducta no es esa. Pido mis disculpas al comisario, al jefe y a toda la policía de Rivera. Bueno, mi conducta no esa", sentenció, según recoge Telemundo.
El jefe de Policía de Rivera aceptó las disculpas y expresó su deseo "de que no se reitere este hecho". "No contribuye, sino que, al contrario, entorpece el trabajo policial. Hay que dejar que las autoridades públicas cumplan con lo que tienen que cumplir. Hay un ordenamiento jurídico, y nosotros tenemos que adaptarnos para convivir en paz. No podemos estar uno en una vereda y otros en otra", dijo.
Montevideo Portal
Jalopnik Reviews All of our test drives in one convenient place.
When I asked Félix “Why Saab?” they responded with: “I bought a 900 S when I was about 20.”
“But, why Saab?”, I rebutted.
“Oh. I like these cars,” they humbly replied.
Félix, like many Saab aficionados, fell in love with the entire idea of the infinitely unusual 900 at a young age. But while many enthusiasts presumably got fed up with their quirky Swedish rides over mechanical headaches and heavy repair bills, Félix simply never stopped.
They kept at it. For 20 years.
(Full disclosure: Félix Lamontagne is a Canadian Jalopnik reader and Saab collector. When they read our review of the Saab 9-3 Viggen, they emailed us to show us pics of their cars, and asked if we'd be interested in covering them. We gladly said yes. Félix is also the man behind the fire-breathing 900 Turbo SPG we recently reviewed.)
Advertisement
Today, they own five classic Saabs, one of which will soon be a full-fledged race car. Their parents each drive a Saab, and Félix has converted a few of their buddies to save some as well. They are, as we say, the Saab man, the go-to guy for spare parts, the all-time French Canadian Scania savior. He's also the president of the Saab Club of Québec.
Félix's devotion to the long-dead Swedish car brand we lost to General Motors' corporate shenanigans is just too exemplary to ignore. Which is why we drove 300 miles up to Jonquière, Québec from Montréal to have a closer look at their precious, antiquated possessions. It was a glorious sight.
The Shop
Walk down Félix's driveway and past the three 900s sitting behind their house (pictured above), as well as their heavily modified 9-5 Aero daily driver, and there lies their shop. From the outside, it's nothing more than a tiny little standalone garage, appearing more like a large shed; the kind of building in which you'd expect to find a lawn tractor or gardening equipment.
Advertisement
The reality is entirely different. This tiny hut is where Félix hides their latest project: one of the two black 900 Turbo SPG's they own, except this one is stripped out, and in the process of being converted into a race car.
Félix says that after they went through a series of consecutive mechanical bad lucks with their first Saab, they got fed up with getting ripped off by mechanics who knew nothing about these cars, so they decided to start fiddling with them himself.
Over time, he's become quite the master at rebuilding, tinkering and tuning Saabs, especially the old 900's. They now know these machines like the back of their hand.
Quick reminder: this is isn't a specialized Saab shop. It's one man with a shed.
Advertisement
The biggest challenge with a classic Saab is finding spare parts. So Félix salvages everything they can find, from grilles to spoilers. They even collect old valves. The moment they find something for sale with a Saab logo on it, they buy it. Which is why their entire shop is a neatly organized little warehouse of Saab spare parts, old brochures, shop manuals and, of course, kickass automobilia.
Félix has become such an ace at rebuilding these things, that when they can't find a particular part, they get it built at a local machine shop, based on factory specs.
For instance, the motor mounts on an SPG are notorious for being total shit, and when you start adding boost, they tend to self immolate pretty quickly.
Félix's rebuilt “rally style” motor mounts (pictured above) are re-engineered to sustain heavy tuning.
Advertisement
Other custom-made mechanical bits include limited slip differentials, teflon bushings, aluminum pulley kits, water pumps and alternators. If you're looking for such components on your old 900, our man Félix is the dude to call.
At the moment he's rebuilding an entire race-spec'd 2.0-liter turbo, complete with a head gasket made out of brass and other reinforced components to drop inside their future race car.
But the most impressive part of my journey up to Saguenay wasn't this hero's tool shop. As jaw-dropping as that was, the cars that spawned from all this tinkering were what really got my pace going.
1989 Silver 900 Turbo Convertible
Advertisement
Except for one rare special edition model in 1991, Saab never built a convertible version of the SPG, but that didn't stop a man with as much devotion as Félix. Starting life as a 160-horsepower 900 Turbos, this ragtop, which looks like a road-legal DTM car with that Saab Airflow body kit, was actually used by Félix as a tech bench to see what kind of abuse these engines could take.
Turns out they can take quite a lot.
Remember, Saab was among one of the first carmakers to fiddle with turbocharging in front-wheel-drive applications. If you enjoy the boost controller in your Ford Focus ST, thank Saab.
The APC box, which had been fitted onto the first SPG's as a Saab factory performance add-on, was one of the first bit of technology that could alter the turbo's boost performance by using electronics.
And Félix basically cranked the thing up to full blast. To 30 psi! Since they had a spare engine lying, Félix figured this was the perfect opportunity to see what it would take for the 2.0-liter, dual overhead cam four to blow.
Advertisement
For a man like Félix, testing the limits of a Saab engine would simply add to their education of these cars.
Fitted with a new Mitsbuishi T05 turbo and a Jak Stoll intercooler, the engine's internals were all stock. Once boosted to shit, the little four-pot pulled about 400 HP at the crank.
Four hundred horsepower at the crank. Stock internals. Front-wheel-drive.
Yeah.
Félix then drove the damn thing from Saguenay to Val-d'Or every other week. That's a 450 mile drive. They packed a total of 9,300 miles on the car as they daily drove it at full boost.
Advertisement
The car never died.
In fact, the silver convertible you see here still runs on that same, original engine today.
Because of this, Félix decided to keep the spare motor for their race car, lowered the boost of the silver one down to 25 psi (still a lot!) and has focused on keeping it clean and driveable ever since.
As it stands today, the car cranks out a more “modest” 325 HP, says Félix, and reads 140,000 km (86,000 miles) on the odometer.
Advertisement
But Félix kept tuning it. Fiddling. Improving the car. Because of course they did.
The list of mods is, well, like the car itself: intense.
-Real carbon fiber dash fascia
-Real carbon fiber door inserts
-Saab Savior short shift kit
-Real carbon fiber shift knob
-Real carbon fiber valve cover insert
-Advanced Ignition Diaphragm tuned
-3.0 bar fuel pressure regulator
- Stainless steel turbo oil feed line
- Forged motorsport 007 diverter valves
- Custom and upgraded engine oil cooler mount in front
- Aquamist water methanol injection system
- Full 3" JT superflow exhaust system
- 3" JT superflow downpipe
- Lower coil springs
- Bilstein sport shocks
- Crossed drilled rotors
- Stainless steel brake hose
- Lightweight flywheel from 1990+
- Black diamond stage2 clutch kit 228mm
- LED headlight 10 000k
-Airflow body kit OEM Saab
- 16" Aero wheels with polished lip
- Push button engine start
- #34 injectors
- Rally style front motor mount
- Steel rear differential cover
- do88 silicone hose
- Battery relocation on left side with XSpower AGM
- APC box tuned by trollspeed
- Mitsubishi TE05 turbo.
1990 Black 900 Turbo SPG Hardtop
You may remember this one from our latest Not-New Review. It's the snorting 350 HP SPG from hell with the concave windshield. I mention this because some of you complained in the comments that I had called the windshield flat. From the inside, it looks flat.
Advertisement
Fine, it's concave. Like on a jet. Because Saabs are born from jets.
I won't go so much in detail with this one, because you already know quite a bit about it, but Félix purchased this one last, after they sold their Turbo X. Guess that newer, GM-induced Saab wasn't good enough for him.
It's also the only real SPG out of the three they own.
Since I didn't get around to all the mods in that other post, if you've got a bit of spare time to waste, here goes:
- Genuine Saab Airflow body kit
- Genuine Saab whale tail
- Genuine Saab vent cover
- Cross-drilled rotors
- 16" super Aero wheels
- Front mount intercooler
- Silicone intercooler hose
- Do88 heater & coolant hose kit
- Trionic5 engine management conversion
- NGK R spark plugs
- K&N Apollo cold air intake
- Saab 9000 Aero seats (made by Recaro)
- Rear interior strut brace
- 3-gauge autometer, boost, A/F and voltmeter
- Custom gauge cluster
- Carlsson Saab steering wheel by Momo with Momo adaptor
- 228mm Luk clutch kit
- Lightweight flywheel with CPS signal
Wait, let me just grab a glass of water here. And, oh, here it is again being hooned in the rain by me:
Advertisement
Moving on:
- JZW tuning stage3+ ecu with T7 bpc
- Bilstein HD shocks
- B&G lowering spring
- Red top injectors
- Malpassi adjustable rasing rate fpr 1.7/1
- Fuel pressure gauge on fuel rail
- Custom stainless steel clutch hose
- Silicone vacuum hose with brass fitting taped onto the intake
- Throttle body heater delete
- Kinugawa billet wastegate actuator
- Stainless steel turbo oil feed line
- Custom and relocated engine oil cooler
- Battery relocated in the trunk
- Turbo back 3" exhaust with high flow cat, magnaflow muffler
1989 Red 900 Turbo Convertible
This particular example is the more classic 900 of the trio, and the car with the most humble origins. Standing now at 124,000 original miles, with an automatic transmission, the car's also been fitted with the APC box from the SPG, but was reflashed with an APC Swedish Dynamic Stage 4 tune.
This means that it's still more powerful than a regular SPG, but remains a lot more sedated than the other two, pumping out about 210 HP, according to Félix.
Advertisement
Feast your eyes on this classic Saab's wooden steering wheel and flat, aircraft-inspired dashboard:
Whereas Félix's grey and black 900's are project car fantasies come true, the goal with this one was always to keep it classic. This particular specimen was purchased in the U.S. and used to be their dad's, so it holds a sentimental value in Félix's heart. But since our Canadian hero can't seem to stop tinkering with their Saabs, they do have, shall we say, other plans for this one.
The parts in the trunk suggest an eventual suspension upgrade:
Advertisement
And at the moment, the car has no interior. That's because Félix wants to give the car an Edwardian grey cabin. Once that's done, they plan on keeping it as-is, and focus on their race car.
Here are the mods on this dentist-approved, red turbo convertible:
- SPG body kit
- APC box, or “red box”
- Pronto steering wheel
- Aero wheels
- Turbo back 2.5" dynomax exhaust.
Also, Félix plans on giving the car a five-speed manual conversion, which we won't argue with, a Trionic5 engine management system and a performance flywheel and clutch kit.
People like Félix (yes that's the Saab griffin tatooed on their body), who are obsessed at keeping old, rare things of questionable monetary value alive, deserve an homage for their passion and devotion.
Advertisement
Saab is a car brand that was almost too cool to live, especially during its peak. It's great to see someone so committed to keeping them around.
What Félix is doing by saving these Scandinavian hatchbacks and convertibles, is reminding us how sedate today's automotive industry has become.
As for the monster sitting in the shed, Félix tells me he'll be bringing it down to Sanair Super Speedway for final tuning once it'll be ready to drive, presumably next summer. That's conveniently where I also happen to test drive some cars.
I think testing one of these on the track is something that needs to happen yesterday.
Advertisement
William Clavey is an automotive journalist from Montréal, Québec, Canada. They run claveyscorner.com
NEWARK -- Mayor Ras Baraka today called for a federal investigation of the two longshoremen unions at the Port of Newark and Elizabeth, claiming they have disproportionately fewer black and Hispanic members.
"Two of the unions serving the port remain strictly segregated despite years of attempts by the Waterfront Commission and Civil Rights organizations to desegregate them," Baraka said in a letter to U.S. Labor Secretary Thomas Perez.
Baraka also asked the U.S. Attorney General to determine whether federal civil rights laws have been violated.
The mayor cited statistics that Newark and Elizabeth have a combined black and Hispanic population of 77 percent.
Yet, they said, International Longshoremen's Locals 1 and 1804-1, which represent checkers and mechanics respectively, have fewer than 6 percent black members, under 13 percent Hispanic members and no women among their more than 1,000 total members.
"Clearly, those hired to work at the Port are not representative of the diversity of the surrounding community," the mayor said in a statement today.
Baraka cited a 2015 report that stated that of the 3,299 registered longshore workers at the port, only 299 or 6.3 percent had Newark addresses and that of the total number of workers 2,055 are white, 787 are black, 410 are Hispanic, 17 are Asian. Only 302 of the workers are women, the mayor said, referring to the report.
They said 523 of 787 registered black workers are in one predominantly black local, number 1233.
Baraka is requesting that the labor department "remedy severe racial, gender and ethnic inequality in employment at the Port and an apparent bias against the hiring of local residents."
The federal labor department declined to comment on the mayor's letter.
Calls and messages sent to representatives of the ILA seeking comments were not immediately returned. Attempts to reach the Waterfront Commission of New York and New Jersey were unsuccessful.
Tom Haydon may be reached at thaydon@njadvancemedia.com . Follow them on Twitter @Tom_HaydonSL . Find NJ.com on Facebook
Like fire, you could say that, fanaticism is a good servant but a bad master. It has a way of spinning out of control and coming back to burn the hand that lit the fuse.
A similar thing seems to be happening with the bitter harvest of left wing extremism that our campuses and intellectual circles have been cultivating for years, with a booster shot being administered after Narendra Modi became Prime Minister.
The Kanhaiyyas of the world may have realised that it is more profitable to ask for “Bharat mein Azaadi” instead of “Bharat se Azaadi“, but how will the left wing worthies stop Kanhaiyya's Kanhaiyya?
- Advertisement - - Article resumes -
These names have been compiled in a Facebook post by a radical leftist lawyer by the name of Raya Sarkar based in Davis, California. A cursory glance at the list shows a preponderance of names from India's “Institutions of Higher Dissent” such as Jadavpur University, JNU, FTII and arts departments of Delhi University.
What is noteworthy is that the poster has not presented any evidence whatsoever in support of these accusations. While it is impossible not to feel for innocent people who may be facing public character assassination, it is also impossible not to relish how liberal circles are being singed by the fire of irresponsible, radical leftism that they lighted themselves.
The panic in liberal circles has set in swiftly. Far left propaganda blog Kafila has released a statement by several strident radical feminists who are “dismayed by the initiative on Facebook, in which men are being listed and named as sexual harassers with no context or explanation.” The more suave left wing website Scroll has had to step in to publicise the statement on Kafila.
In a delicious irony, radical leftists have appealed to other radical leftists to utilise “institutions and procedures”. From “revolution” and “Azaadi” to appealing for respect towards established institutions and procedures … that's the plight of leftists caught on the wrong side of their own fanatic tide.
This was also acknowledged on the Facebook post naming alleged sexual harassers, which clearly exposed the fault lines in the left:
But who can stop the tide of fanaticism? Like I said, they can manage Kanhaiyya, but who will manage Kanhaiyya's Kanhaiyyas? The loose cannons of the left are going rogue : here is just a sample of the hatred they are spewing below Raya Sarkar's Facebook post.
A Brahmin is always a rapist? The radical left's mask is slipping. Their hatred is showing. They have been done in by their own loons.
Abhishek Banerjee is a math lover who may or not be an Assistant Professor at IISc Bangalore.  They are the author of Operation Johar – A Love Story, a novel on the pain of left wing terror in Jharkhand, available on Amazon here. https://dynastycrooks.wordpress.com/
Share This Post and Support:
AMD Ryzen Mobile Put To The Test In HP Envy x360 15z
AMD's Zen processor microarchitecture is targeted for deployment across the company's entire processor product stack, from desktop with Ryzen and Threadripper, to the data center with EPYC, and finally in laptops and convertibles with Ryzen Mobile. Ryzen is set to yet again take on Intel's dominant position in the market. However, in this latest implementation, Zen is being coupled with AMD's Vega graphics cores for a fully integrated laptop solution with the potential for a significantly more robust multimedia and gaming experience as a result.
On the desktop, Ryzen has proven itself to be very competitive versus Intel Core series processors, especially considering its price/performance value proposition. On the GPU side of things, Vega in its current form, is a power-hungry design that brings a bit of fight back to NVIDIA in spots in the discrete GPU space, though it's not quite the home run AMD was likely hoping for.
But what happens when you bring the two together on a single piece of silicon and install it within the confines of a laptop PC?
HP's Envy x360 15z - Powered By AMD's Ryzen 5 2500U Mobile Processor
You're about to find out as we take you through our first benchmark test runs with the new Envy x360 15z from HP, which is one of the first notebooks to hit the market with a Ryzen Mobile power plant under its hood.
We should note that we had to pick up this machine at a local retailer since thus far HP and other OEMs have not seeded review units. As a result, this machine isn't what we would suggest as an optimal configuration. For starters, it's a relatively low cost configuration and the OS resides on a standard spinning hard drive. HP does have optional NVMe solid state drives available on its configuration page for the machine and for the $130 up-charge for a 256GB drive, we'd highly recommend it.
HP Envy x360 15z With Ryzen Mobile Specifications & Features
Processor AMD Ryzen 5 2500U (4C/8T, 6MB cache, 3.6GHz Boost) w/ Radeon Vega 8 Graphics
Display
15.6" diagonal FHD UWVA micro-edge WLED-backlit multitouch (1920 x 1080) Graphics Radeon Vega 8 Graphics Memory
8 GB DDR4-2400 SDRAM (2 x 4 GB), Up to 16GB Available
Storage
1 TB 7200 RPM SATA HDD, NVMe PCIe SSD options available WiFi
802.11ac (2x2) Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 4.2 Combo External I/O Ports 1 USB 3.1 Type-C Gen 1 (Data Transfer up to 5 Gb/s, DP1.4, HP Sleep and Charge); 2 USB 3.1 Gen 1 (1 HP Sleep and Charge); 1 HDMI v2.0b; 1 headphone/microphone combo Webcam
HP Wide Vision FHD IR Camera with Dual array digital microphone Operating System
Windows 10 Home 64-Bit Battery 3-cell, 55.8 Wh Lithium-ion prismatic Battery Dimensions 14.16 x 9.8 x 0.77 inches
Weight
4.75 pounds
Warranty
1 Year Limited Hardware Warranty, 90 day phone support
Pricing Starting at $729 And As Tested
Recapping Current AMD Ryzen Mobile Offerings
Geekbench 4 And Cinebench
This particular configuration also limited a clean A/B comparison in certain disk-sensitive benchmarks as a result of that HDD, so we decided to forego them and focus on metrics that could isolate host CPU and GPU performance. However, what we'll show on the pages ahead is representative of what a Ryzen Mobile quad-core CPU with Vega graphics can deliver versus Intel 8th Gen and 7th Gen Core series performance.One final note on the scope of this review is that we're focusing on the high level performance characteristics of Ryzen Mobile, rather than a straight-up review of the HP Envy x360 15z itself. Even for its low price, it's simply not a configuration of the machine that we'd recommend, and we'd rather reserve judgement for a model SKU that savvy, informed consumers, like HotHardware readers would appreciate. Regardless, we do have plenty to work with there with respect to how Ryzen Mobile competes versus the likes of Intel 7th and 8th Gen CPUs. So let's dig in...The HP Envy x360 15z is a full-sized 15-inch format machine with a roomy chiclet-style keyboard with a full-sized numpad. Its trackpad is also spacious and responsive, and it has a nice Bang & Olufsen-branded sound system firing just above the keyboard with good volume output and decent sound, for notebook speakers. You also get a wide assortment of port options here with both USB-C 3.1 connectivity, full-sized HDMI, and an SDCard reader. No Thunderbolt though, unfortunately.The display is a 15-inch touch-enabled glossy IPS panel with an FHD 1920x1080 native resolution. The model we tested is definitely not the brightest, but has good color accuracy, uniformity, and reasonably good viewing angles. As we'll discuss in our battery life testing, however, brightness is not its strong suit.The two currently available versions of Ryzen Mobile are both 4-core, 8-thread CPUs. AMD made no bones about branding the processors with model numbers that directly call out Intel 15 Watt variants with the Ryzen 7 2700U and Ryzen 5 2500U taking aim at Intel's Core i7 and Core i5 U series chips, respectively. AMD's chips have 4MB of shared L3 cache each, but differ with respect to top end CPU boost clock speeds, number of integrated Radeon Vega Compute Units (CUs), and the GPU's top-end clocks. As you can see, the Ryzen 7 2700U is a significantly more powerful chip in terms of its GPU resources, however, it still maintains its 12 - 25W configurable TDP power envelope, with a nominal 15 Watt rating. For the purposes of this performance review, we're working with a Ryzen 5 2500U quad-core chip, which should take on Intel's 8th Gen Kaby Lake-R quad-core Core series processors pretty well, with comparable core CPU resources and what should be a much more powerful integrated GPU, or iGP.For a quick sanity check, we first turned our attention to a couple of general purpose benchmarks with Geekbench 4 and Cinebench. Cinebench is a test that works both the CPU and GPU engines of the processors. Cinebench is developed by Maxon, which is better known for its Cinema 4D software employed in professional 3D rendering and animation. Geekbench is a cross-platform benchmark that pushes simulated workloads designed to mimic real world processing requirements for functions like image processing and particle physics. We tested both of Cinebench's integrated benchmarks for CPU and GPU, along with Geekbench's Single-Core and Multi-Core CPU test workloads.Geekbench shows a bit of a mixed bag of results, but is perhaps telling of the various laptop thermal solutions and possibly where systems might be throttling. Surprisingly, though we tested it over and over, Intel's Core i5-8520U in the Acer Swift 3 consistently beat out the 8th Gen Core i7 CPUs in either Dell or HP machines, at least when it came to Geekbench. AMD's Ryzen 5 2500U in the HP Envy x360 puts up decent Geekbench numbers, hanging with the Intel's 8th Gen chips, and smoking the 7th Gen Kaby Lake score in the ThinkPad in Multi-Core processing, but falling behind it in Single-Core. To be honest, however, the Geekbench scores are all over the map and don't instill confidence. Cinebench seems to scale cleanly, however.Cinbench puts AMD's Ryzen 5 2500U near the top of the stack with respect to its CPU throughput, just 5% shy of the top 8th Gen score we got from Dell's XPS 13 . Surprisingly, in the GPU-focused OpenGL test, Ryzen Mobile is only showing about as fast as Intel's UHD 620 IGP, while getting thoroughly trounced by the discrete GeForce MX150 GPU in one of the Acer Swift 3 configs.However, we'd offer that this OpenGL score for the Ryzen 5 2500U is more likely the result of a driver optimization issue or memory bandwidth, because, as you'll see in the following graphics and gaming benchmarks, Ryzen Mobile's integrated Vega GPU can deliver much stronger performance than this relative to Intel's integrated graphics solutions.
Story highlights 20 formerly stranded pilot whales ares spotted in deeper waters
Scientists worry the whales might be exhausted and dehydrated
Crews remain on standby for necropsies and rescues of more stranded whales
The struggle between life and death is not going so well for dozens of pilot whales stranded in shallow waters in Florida.
Rescuers have been trying to save about 30 whales by herding them into deeper waters.
Of the 51 whales originally stranded, 11 have died and five gone missing in the shallow waters on the edge of Everglades National Park, NOAA Fisheries officials said.
Scientists spotted 20 whales Friday afternoon about five nautical miles off shore.
The pod was moving in a southward direction and inshore, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said.
Photos: Photos: Whales stranded in Everglades Photos: Photos: Whales stranded in Everglades Whales stranded in Everglades – Officials in boats monitor dozens of pilot whales that are stranded in shallow water in a remote area of Florida's Everglades National Park, on Wednesday, December 4. Hide Caption 1 of 6 Photos: Photos: Whales stranded in Everglades Whales stranded in Everglades – A dead pilot whale lies near the beach in a remote area of Florida's Everglades National Park. Federal officials say 10 of the dozens of whales stranded are now dead. Hide Caption 2 of 6 Photos: Photos: Whales stranded in Everglades Whales stranded in Everglades – A dead pilot whale lies near the beach in a remote area of Everglades National Park. Hide Caption 3 of 6 Photos: Photos: Whales stranded in Everglades Whales stranded in Everglades – Officials monitor the scene where dozens of pilot whales are stranded in shallow water. Hide Caption 4 of 6 Photos: Photos: Whales stranded in Everglades Whales stranded in Everglades – A man paddles a kayak past two pilot whales in a remote area of Everglades National Park. Hide Caption 5 of 6 Photos: Photos: Whales stranded in Everglades Whales stranded in Everglades – Pilot whales are stranded on a beach in a remote area of the western portion of Everglades National Park on Tuesday, December, 3. The marine mammals are known to normally inhabit deep water. Hide Caption 6 of 6
"The whales were reportedly swimming more slowly and in a more disorganized fashion, which may suggest exhaustion, dehydration or malnutrition," marine scientists said.
JUST WATCHED Race to save stranded pilot whales Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Race to save stranded pilot whales 02:18
NOAA Fisheries is keeping crews on standby for necropsies and to rescue any live stranded whales.
Pilot whales are protected under the Marine Mammal Protection Act, but they are not endangered.
Mass strandings by pilot whales are not uncommon in Florida.
In 2012, nearly two dozen pilot whales stranded and beached themselves. In 2011, 23 pilot whales stranded and beached themselves.
By Bob Allen
Three Southern Baptist scholars will discuss “transgender confusion” in a daylong conference Oct. 5 prior to the annual conference of the Association of Certified Biblical Counselors scheduled on the campus of Southern Baptist Theological Seminary.
The Council on Biblical Manhood and Womanhood announced Feb. 3 it will partner with the ACBC in presentations on “Transgender Confusion and Transformational Christianity” preceding the main conference on “Homosexuality: Compassion, Counsel, and Care for Struggling People” scheduled Oct. 5-7.
“Our culture is flooded with transgender confusion,” says a video promoting the pre-conference posted on the CBMW website. “Parents delay the announcement of their infant's gender until the child makes an independent choice. Laws are passed allowing persons to choose which public restrooms they would use. Surgery attempts to erase the obvious physical indicators of manhood and womanhood.”
Pre-conference speakers include Owen Strachan, president of the council headquartered in offices on the campus of the Southern Baptist Convention seminary in Louisville, Ky.; Southern Seminary President Albert Mohler and Denny Burk, a professor of biblical studies at Boyce College, the seminary's undergraduate arm.
Burk, former editor of the Journal for Biblical Manhood and Womanhood, sponsored a resolution on transgender identity adopted by the Southern Baptist Convention last summer in Baltimore. In its final form drafted by a resolutions committee, the statement opposed the use of procedures like gender reassignment surgery and efforts in society “to validate transgender identity as morally praiseworthy.”
“The Christian gospel speaks into this confusion with revolutionary clarity,” the conference-introduction video continues. “God sovereignly assigns a gender to people created in their image. The powerful grace of Jesus Christ redeems and restores to sanity our thinking, which has been corrupted by sin. The church must speak with biblical conviction into this chaos with the clarity and love of Jesus.”
Heath Lambert, executive director at the Association of Certified Biblical Counselors, said in a video promoting the main conference that people struggling with “homosexual desire” are often trapped between a dominant culture that tells them to quit trying to change and Christians who say only that homosexuality is a sin.
“Our homosexual friends who battle against their desires need more than this,” said Lambert, who teaches biblical counseling courses at both Southern Seminary and Boyce College. “They need help getting through the locked door to change.”
The Association of Certified Biblical Counselors is a 40-year-old organization that certifies “biblical counselors,” Christian therapists who base their practice on teaching from the Bible instead of theories developed within secular psychiatry.
“The Association of Certified Biblical Counselors is committed to the truth that homosexuality is a sinful way of life, but we are committed to more than that,” Lambert said. “We are committed to biblical love that manifests itself in tangible care for those struggling with this sin. We are committed to providing a place to go for help, when everybody else says that change is impossible.”
The National Center for Transgender Equality defines transgender people as those “whose gender identity, expression or behavior is different from those typically associated with their assigned sex at birth.”
The term is sometimes confused with “intersex,” a medical term describing a number of conditions in which a person is born with a reproductive or sexual anatomy that doesn't fit standard definitions of male or female.
Recently, prominent Southern Baptist churches fought non-discrimination ordinances in Fayetteville, Ark., and Plano, Texas, denounced by opponents as “bathroom bills,” claiming the use of sex-specific facilities such as men's and women's public restrooms, locker rooms and showers could no longer be limited on the basis of a person's biological sex.
Previous stories:
Transgender resolution proposed to SBC
Southern Baptists resolve to love the transgender sinner
AWAB asks SBC to recant transgender resolution
SBC megachurch challenges discrimination law in Dallas suburb
Fayetteville, Ark., repeals anti-discrimination measure some Baptists opposed
The U.S. House passed a sweeping package of bills on Russia, Iran and North Korea sanctions Tuesday in a 419-3 vote, sending the legislation to the Senate for almost certain passage and likely making it veto-proof.
The measure -- a reprimand for Russian interference in the 2016 election cycle, among other things -- requires congressional approval before the president can ease or lift sanctions. The White House had criticized attempts to limit the president's sanctions powers, but the legislation's solid bipartisan support may be forcing the president's hand. White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said on Monday night aboard Air Force One said the president is "looking over" where the legislation stands at this point.
"The president has been very vocal about their support for continued sanctions on those three countries," Sanders told reporters. "He has no intention of getting rid of them, but they want to make sure we get the best deal for the American people possible. Congress doesn't have the best record on that."
Negotiators from the House and Senate came to an agreement on the legislation in recent days after it garnered overwhelming support in the Senate but stalled in the House. The Senate originally passed the legislation in a 98-2 vote in mid-June, but the House claimed the measure violated a clause in the Constitution that says bills that raise revenue for government must originate in the House.
Sen. Ben Cardin of Maryland, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said the agreement was reached after "intense" negotiations.
"A nearly united Congress is poised to send President Putin a clear message on behalf of the American people and our allies, and we need President Trump to help us deliver that message," Cardin said in a statement over the weekend.
Exxon slapped with fine for Russia sanctions violations
Although the Countering Iran's Destabilizing Activities Act also punishes North Korea and Iran for their aggression, the Russia portion of the legislation has received the most attention, given Mr. Trump's reluctance to criticize Russian President Vladimir Putin or acknowledge Russian meddling in the election. The White House has focused on the need to stand up to Russia instead because of its intervention in Ukraine and Crimea.
According to the latest version of the legislation, Mr. Trump would have to send a report for any plan to ease sanctions to Congress, and Congress would have 30 days to accept or reject the plan.
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-New York) praised the measure's passage in a statement Tuesday.
"The House vote on this tough sanctions bill sends a message to President Putin that meddling in U.S. elections will not be tolerated," Schumer said.
"Senate Republican leaders should move this bill as soon as possible, so that it can be on the president's desk without delay. Passing the bill on a bipartisan basis will send a strong signal to the White House that the Kremlin needs to be held accountable for meddling in last year's election."
LAGOS (Reuters) - Police shot dead one protester and wounded nearly two dozen as thousands of Nigerians demonstrated against the axing of fuel subsidies in Africa's top oil producing nation on Monday and unions launched an indefinite nationwide strike.
A protester stands on a road during a protest against a fuel subsidy removal in Lagos January 9, 2012. REUTERS/Akintunde Akinleye
Police also fired live ammunition and tear gas to disperse a crowd of protesters in the northern city of Kano, wounding at least 18 people, the Red Cross said.
Angry residents in Ogba, a rundown iron-roof suburb of the main commercial city of Lagos, where the man was shot dead, said police had fired on a crowd to disperse it.
At the hospital, where the man's body had been transferred to the mortuary, three protesters lay waiting to be treated for gunshot wounds to the leg, a Reuters reporter there said.
“There were about seven police officers shooting in the air to try to disperse protesters ... The DPO (police chief) opened fire targeting these four people and shot them,” said Dickson Oracle, who witnessed the shooting in Ogba.
“One died on the spot because they sustained serious bullet wounds and the remaining have been brought to the hospital.”
Shops, banks and petrol stations were shut in Lagos, and the network of highways and bridges stretching over its wide lagoon, usually clogged with traffic at all hours, were empty.
Production of Nigeria's average two million barrels of crude oil a day carried on as normal despite the strike, sources at two international oil companies and the state firm told Reuters.
FUEL FURY
Earlier, thousands of people gathered outside Labour house, in Yaba, the downtown market area of Lagos, waving union flags, from where they started marching and shouting “solidarity forever”, closely watched by armed police in riot gear.
Some of them blocked the road with burning tires and waved placards challenging the record of President Goodluck Jonathan, whose presidency is already under pressure from an increasingly violent Islamist insurgency in the north of the country.
Jonathan has said they will not back down and the strikes will test their resolve. Strikes have forced previous governments into u-turns on fuel subsidy cuts.
Nigeria's fuel regulator announced the end of the subsidy from January 1 as part of efforts to cut government spending and encourage badly needed investment in local refining.
Economists say the subsidy filled the fuel tanks of the rich and middle classes at the expense of a poor majority living on less than $2 per day, fed corruption and siphoned off billions of dollars of public funds to a cartel of fuel importers.
Removing it, sending the price of a litre of petrol up overnight to about 150 naira ($0.93) from about 65 naira, is a flagship policy of Jonathan and their economic management team.
“It was 25 percent of total expenditure in the budget, the single biggest item - more than education, health and agriculture combined,” said Bismarck Rewane, chief executive of Lagos-based consultancy Financial Derivatives. “As long as they spend the money right, removing the subsidy has to be good.”
Nigerians' anger over the cut, which has united poor market traders and middle class motorists alike, is further straining Jonathan's presidency, already facing criticism for failing to contain the Boko Haram Islamists in the north.
On Sunday they accused some within their own government of backing them, saying they had created a situation worse than the 1960s civil war that killed a million people.
The government says it would be economic suicide to give in.
“Deregulation is inevitable to save the Nigerian economy, to ensure transparency and competitiveness in the downstream sector of the petroleum industry and safeguard the future of Nigeria,” presidential spokesperson Ruben Abati told Reuters by phone.
REFINING MISSION
In the capital Abuja, thousands gathered under tight security, some in cars adorned with labour union flags.
“What is happening is an injustice. I voted for Jonathan but they have disappointed me,” said Michael Uche, 32, a bodyguard, after checking the Twitter feed on their Blackberry for the latest on the protest.
They complained that when they tried to fill their car on Sunday it was 200 naira a litre, so they could only buy two liters.
Oil workers said production in Nigeria's oilfields continued uninterrupted, as many had predicted.
“There's no impact on oil production yet. We're not anticipating any problems,” said one official at a major oil company, who asked not to be named. A spokesperson for the state oil firm also said production was normal.
In Yenagoa, in the southeastern Niger Delta, a heavy police presence prevented demonstrators from protesting. In nearby Port Harcourt, hundreds gathered, hemmed in by police patrol vans.
In parts of the north and centre covered by a state of emergency to fight Boko Haram, streets were deserted.
The lower house of parliament urged unions and government to back down on Sunday, but unions have refused.
Many Nigerians see cheap fuel as the only tangible benefit they derive from an oil-rich state where corruption bleeds billions of dollars from state coffers.
Critics say wealthy politicians could have found savings within government first and tackled oil industry corruption.
Despite its huge oil wealth, Nigeria is forced to import costly refined fuel because it lacks its own capacity.
Slideshow (7 Images)
It is hoped the new pricing regime will prompt investment to reverse disrepair of refineries, after decades of mismanagement.
The subsidy has also encouraged smuggling into neighboring nations such as Benin and Cameroon where fuel is more expensive.
The government estimates it will save 1 trillion naira ($6 billion) this year by eliminating it.
New Japan Pro Wrestling's Power Struggle 2014 is here! The last iPPV/special event before the Tokyo Dome is upon us, and it will be here where we get an idea of who is going to challenge who at the big event. In the meantime, titles will be defended: Shinsuke Nakamura defends the Intercontinental championship against Katsuyori Shibata, who beat them at this year's G1 show. Hirooki Goto finally looks to face Tomohiro Ishii for the NEVER championship. Chase Owens will defend the NWA Jr. heavyweight title against Jushin Liger, and the IWGP Jr. tag titles are on the line as well as the Timesplitters face this year's Super Junior Tag Leauge winners reDragon for the titles. Man, I never realized how many titles are recognized in New Japan until right this moment. Anyway, a lot of uncertainty is in the air as we kick off this event with a triple threat tag team match!
The Young Bucks vs. Forever Hooligans vs. Desperado and TAKA Michinoku: Kozlov still has their shoulder taped up. This has been brought up somewhere recently, but it seems like a very long recovery period for it. Ishii's shoulder was still bandaged too from the G1 finals. Wish guys would take a little time off to heal that up. Kozlov and Romero do their new spot where they argue and act like they're going to fight, but then they hug. It'd be funny if I didn't see it in like their last three matches, though. What was new was that the Young Bucks ran in and did their double superkick. Lots of creative spots, but it kind of felt choreographed. Ended abruptly when the Bucks hit their finish on TAKA. Way shorter than I expected this to be. ***
https://twitter.com/SenorLARIATO/status/530997961078374400
Minoru Suzuki and Takashi Iizuka vs. Toru Yano and Kazushi Sakuraba: Do I really need to recap this match, again? It's the same one the last 4 times they've done it. Iizuka and Yano did all their comedy spots. Sakuraba and Suzuki did all of their shoot MMA stuff that was pretty cool, but I've been waiting for a singles forever and it hasn't happened. Sakuraba then gets the win out of nowhere with a cradle. I'd rather review another three-hour Raw than watch this match again. *1/2
Suzuki cut a promo after the match. They kept talking about the UWF. So I'm assuming they challenged Sakuraba to a UWF rules match. They could have a exploding barbed wire rules match and I wouldn't care as long as I never have to see these four have a match ever again.
NWA Junior Heavyweight Championship: Chase Owens (c) vs. Jushin Thunder Liger: This was a pretty decent match. I kept feeling something was off though, I dunno what. Both were fine, though. Owens tried the package piledriver a couple of times, but Liger was able to thwart them and hit two brainbusters for the victory and the championship. **1/2
https://twitter.com/SenorLARIATO/status/531005026614116352
Bruce Tharpe had a meltdown after the match as Liger was awarded the title.The announcers were saying “GOODBYE BRUCE THARPE” as they made their exit. Hell no, I want this NWA storyline to last forever. Liger cut a promo, but I have no idea what they said.
Bullet Club (Yujiro Takahashi, Doc Gallows, Karl Anderson and Bad Luck Fale) vs. Togi Makabe, Captain New Japan, Tomoaki Honma and Tetsuya Naito. Things start off hot as Honma immediately misses the headbutt and Anderson starts working over him. It's your usual pretty good eight-man tag team match you see all the time on New Japan shows. CNJ comes in and makes a comeback for their team but is unable to take Fale down. Fale was setting up for the grenade but Naito made the comeback and the rest of the faces join in as well. CNJ actually hit a uranage on Fale but they kicked out. Fale then comes back with the grenade and the Bad Luck Fall for the victory. ***1/4
https://twitter.com/SenorLARIATO/status/531009910910500864
IWGP Jr. Tag Team Championship: Timesplitters (c) vs. reDragon: O'Riley and KUSHIDA started off with some slick mat wrestling that KUSHIDA looked great at. reDragon isolated Shelley and worked them over. KUSHIDA tags in and soon everyone else is on the outside, and they hit a HUGE senton off the top rope to the floor. Back in the ring, KUSHIDA starts applying kimuras but both are able to escape. They manage to hit their double team move on O'Riley but they kick out. Shelley makes a brief comeback, but reDragon is able to regain momentum. Huge Michinoku driver from the top rope by Fish. They hit Chasing the Dragon and they win the titles. Turned into a really great match in the last five minutes. Really good stuff. ****1/4
https://twitter.com/SenorLARIATO/status/531014232348065792
https://twitter.com/SenorLARIATO/status/531015278407479296
https://twitter.com/SenorLARIATO/status/531016241671327744
The Young Bucks came in after and stared them down. But then the Forever Hooligans came out as well, and the former champions are up and soon all four teams are staring each other down. Looks like another four-way is coming at the Tokyo Dome. I dunno why the Hooligans are here though, they just lost. The other three have justifiable reasons, they don't.
IWGP Jr. Heavyweight Championship: Ryusuke Taguchi (c) vs. Taichi: Taichi wants to shake hands before the bell rings. Taguchi doesn't buy it. Taichi and the referee shaks hands, so they eventually oblige. Then TAKA wants one, so they shake. Then Desperado comes in, and THAT'S where they assault him. Taichi takes them outside and bang up their foot that they injured earlier this year, including taking the hammer used to ring the bell and strikes Taguchi in the foot. Fun times. Taguchi eventually makes a comeback and does the eagle pose, much like Devitt used to do. This is where Desperado comes out with a table and throws it right at Taguchi. Taguchi tried to hit a tiger driver on the apron to counter, but Taichi grabs them and gives them a CRADLE PILEDRIVER on top of a TABLE. Well I didn't see that coming. Taguchi rolls in at 19 and Taichi powerbombs them for a nearfall. Taguchi is somehow able to quickly transition into an ankle lock. That doesn't make any sense. Taichi gets the heat back by using the referee, but soon Taguchi is back to using the ankle lock. Ref bump. Desperado comes in and tries to hit in finish, and Taka runs in as well, but Taguchi lays them both out. Taichi comes back and tries to use their cane/microphone but Taguchi thwarts him. They lift Taichi on their shoulders then slams them face first in a new finish twice for the pinfall. There was some pretty cool stuff here, but I said it on Twitter and it needs saying again: if I were piledriven on top of a table, I wouldn't be getting up at the 19 second mark and ready to do transitions a minute later. But maybe it's just that fighting spirit that picked them right up. Otherwise pretty alright. ***
https://twitter.com/SenorLARIATO/status/531025869041827840
Uh oh. Bullet Club arrives with their NEW MEMBER.  They are shrouded in their flag. Anderson presents him. It's none other than “The Cleaner” Kenny Omega. They have a new jacket and a toothpick like Razor Ramon. They cut a promo in English saying they wanted to join and be a part of the lion mark team, but They LIED. He's here for the money. And he's also here for the Jr. Heavyweight championship. Taguchi says they don't understand English, but they accept their challenge. Omega had good presence in the role already. I know some people were hoping otherwise, but I think we should see where this one goes. Could be something great.
https://twitter.com/SenorLARIATO/status/531028464489730048
AJ Styles vs. Yoshitatsu: Back and forth match to start. Jarrett got involved early by shoving Tatsu off the barricade. AJ works them over. Yoshi starts making their comeback, including doing the Muta elbow. They go for a superplex, but AJ slides under and pushes them into the turnbuckle. Yoshi comes back and goes to the top rope, shoves off Jarrett and hits a spinning heel kick for a nearfall. I believe Jarrett distracts Yoshi allowing AJ to hit the bloody sunday DDT and the Styles Clash (and it looks like Yoshi landed right on their head, fun) for the pinfall. This was fine, but nothing really special. ***1/4
https://twitter.com/SenorLARIATO/status/531034827064365056
Jarrett comes out after the match and starts attacking Yoshitatsu, and eventually hits them over the head with the guitar. A number of babyfaces, including Tanahashi and Honma, come in to make the save. Natio also came out, and their primary focus was on AJ Styles. The two had a staredown, leading you to believe they'll be involved with one another at the Tokyo Dome. Also seems like Jarrett/Yoshitatsu is going to be a thing, but that wasn't established as much.
NEVER Championship: Tomohiro Ishii (c) vs. Hirooki Goto: This is gonna hurt. Back and forth forearm shots. Ishii with chops in the corner but Goto drills them with a big boot. More back and forth. Ishii hits a huge superplex for a nearfall. They exchanged lariat spots and neither would fall down. It was awesome. Ishii falls down but gets right back up and a double clothesline spot sends them both down. Ishii actually hits Goto's neckbreaker move and hits a powerbomb for a nearfall. Another big superplex spot by Ishii but they kick out. This crowd is going crazy. Goto finally counters Ishii and lays them out with their neckbreaker. Ishii is back up and starts exchanging strikes, but one headbutt by Goto sends them back down. Goto gets a lariat but Isihi kicks out at one . Goto with two neckbreakers on the knee. Shouten kai attempt but Ishii counters and headbutts them twice. Lariat attempt by Ishii but Goto takes them down. HUGE lariat but Ishii but Goto kicks out. And another lariat by Ishii but, nope. Brainbuster by Ishii clinches it. Friggin phenomenal match that needs to be seen. Everyone needs to see this. If you want to see two men destroy each other for eighteen minutes, this is your match. *****
https://twitter.com/SenorLARIATO/status/531038418340687872
https://twitter.com/SenorLARIATO/status/531040723823788032
https://twitter.com/SenorLARIATO/status/531041674253074432
Togi Makabe comes out after the match and stares down Ishii. They seem to be making the challenge for the belt at the Tokyo Dome. I'm all for it!
Kazuchika Okada and Yoshi-Hashi vs. Kota Ibushi and Hiroshi Tanahashi: I don't see how the rest of this card can top THAT. But we'll see. Tanahashi and Okada started things off as a prelude to their match at the Tokyo Dome. I'm still in a daze over how great that last match was. But this was pretty good, too. YH and Okada got the heat by doing a lot of outside shenanigans, mostly barricade shots and the sort. Ibush tags in Tanahashi who starts doing their comeback but YH lays them out. Okada is tagged in and they have a fierce back and forth. Tanahashi lays them out and goes for the high fly flow but YH takes them out. Ibushi tagged back in and does their comeback until Okada gets the knees-up on a moonsault attempt. YH is tagged back in and lays it into Ibushi, getting several near falls. Ibushi comes back out of nowhere, hitting several near falls (including a standing Phoenix splash) until getting the win with a Phoenix splash. Really good stuff. ****
https://twitter.com/SenorLARIATO/status/531046860858085376
https://twitter.com/SenorLARIATO/status/531048096764272642
Okada, holding the briefcase has a staredown with Tanahashi before exiting, making their case known for the Tokyo Dome.
IWGP Intercontinental Championship: Shinsuke Nakamura (c) vs. Katsuyori Shibata: Some back and forth to start. They eventually make it to the outside where Shibata kicks Nakamura into the announcement table. They get back to the ring and start exchanging blows. Shibata eventually levels them with forearms that send them down to the corner and hits two running dropkicks to the corner. Nakamura gets up quickly and start exchanging forearms again. Reverse suplex by Nakamura, but Shibata gets up quickly and lays them out with a German! Shibata wears them down with kicks and hits the GTS but Nakamura kicks out and counters with two bomas yes. A third one clinches it. This was pretty good, but couldn't live up to the NEVER title match. Also just felt like something was off overall but can't put my finger on what exactly. ***3/4
https://twitter.com/SenorLARIATO/status/531055137121652736
After the match, fancy music played as Nakamura was awarded the title. They started to talk when all of a sudden Kota Ibushi runs into the ring and german suplexes Nakamura. They then, and maybe I'm wrong here so someone correct me if I am, politely challenges for the Intercontinental championship. Nakamura answers, most likely positively. Then confetti fell from the sky and everyone was happy. Okay?
https://twitter.com/SenorLARIATO/status/531056021696151552
Final Thoughts:
A very good show. The Jr. tag title match and the last two matches were really good stuff. The NEVER title match, however, was just simply phenomenal. In fact, I think this was even better than the Ishii/Shibata series, if you can believe that. If anyone remembers one thing on this show, it's going to be that match. People might not like the style as after all, you're supposed to make it look real while not actually hurting people (as opposed to doing the opposite, like this match) but at the end of the day, this was a vicious war that needs to be seen. Maybe not for the weak of heart, but it's worth checking out, even if you aren't into New Japan. The main goal of the show was to set up matches for the Tokyo Dome on 1/4, and it did a great job of doing that. With Tanahashi/Okada, Makabe/Ishii, Ibushi/Nakamura, AJ/Naito and so much more, this Tokyo Dome looks to outdo the rest. Tough thing to accomplish, but if any card can do it, it'll probably be this one!
