Robert Dear claims shooting was 'righteous crusade'
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. - Their attitude unapologetic.
Their reasoning warped.
Self-proclaimed Planned Parenthood shooter, Robert Dear, in a phone interview with KRDO Newschannel 13's Heather Skold, said they don't feel guilt for the November 27th, 2015 killing spree. The 57-year-old called it a "righteous crusade."
Dear was aware of each of the slain victims, by name: Garrett Swasey, Jennifer Markovsky, and Ke'Arre Stewart.
"[They] were in a war zone. They were there where the babies were being killed. You go to a war zone. That's what happens," said Dear. "In a war there's gonna be casualties. Are you gonna name the hundred million babies that were killed, that nobody talks about, nobody represents them, they have no voice, but yet our Constitution says we have the right to life, liberty and pursuit of happiness?"
When asked about the children of Swasey, Markovsky, and Stewart – parents to two children, each – Dear said they would not say anything to them.
When asked if they had any guilt, Dear replied, "No! I don't have any guilt! I am in a war!"
Asked whether they valued life, they said, "Of course! That's why I did it! I killed three and I saved 3,000."
Dear then spoke about their hero, Paul Hill – the man convicted and put to death after killing an abortion doctor and the doctor's body guard in Florida. Dear said they didn't care if they were sentenced to death row, because that was where their hero ended.
"He gave it all up to save babies. [It's] just an inspirational story of 'no greater love has a man than to give up their life for their friends.'"
Dear claimed to be a Christian, but when asked about the commandment to not kill, they justified their actions.
"Actually, it says, ‘Do not murder.' I didn't murder. I killed. If you're killing to save lives, that's different. I did it to save lives."
They told of their long disdain against Planned Parenthood, dating back to the ‘80s. Abortions at a nearby clinic in South Carolina, where they then lived, motivated them to put superglue in the facility locks.
"I squirted it in their locks in the abortion center. At least I did something back then. I said, ‘Maybe I'll save a few babies when they have to get a locksmith and they'll have to cancel some appointment or something,'" bragged Dear.
As for November 27th, the day of the shootings, Dear said they were motivated by love of "his woman" who was hospitalized for a boil. They were convinced the FBI was watching them and preventing them from being discharged.
"The moment when they started to get my woman, I said, 'That's it, there's gonna be a war. So the question is, where is the war going to be at? Do I want them to hit me where they want to hit me, or do I want to pick the spot?' And so I picked the spot of the abortion center because it's the most evil spot there is. They're killing babies and selling baby parts. And that's where I wanted it to be."
After that, they said they went to Lowe's and various hotels, asking where Planned Parenthood was.
"I had to go get a phone book. I had to call them."
And that's where they said they brought their AK-47.
Dear spoke of being followed – for 20-some years – by "big tall guys, coming up behind me in stores. Tall as me, wanting to put me in a choke hold. But I would turn around and look at them and they'd look away. They broke into -- you ever heard of ‘Sneaking Pete'? They sneak into your house and cut holes in your clothes. Do any little mischief and there's nothing you can do about it. So what are you going to do? Call the cops and say someone broke into my house and cut holes in my clothes? That would make you just look nuts. They know exactly what they're doing. They're professionals."
Quoting Luke 10:18, Dear called President Barack Obama the "antichrist."
"Jesus said, ‘I beheld Satan as lightning.' The word for lightning is Barack, like Barack Obama."
Among their twisted narrative, Dear spoke of the judge presiding over their case as being "cocky," and called the death of Justice Antonin Scalia a conspiracy.
"Listen to me. Do I sound incompetent? I'm a college graduate. I could out-debate any of them. I know who the secretary of state is: Kerry. Who's the head of Germany: Merkel. Who's the head of the Congress: Ryan. I'm ingenious compared to them."
An update on Robert Dear's mental competency has been postponed until March.
Dear vowed to plead guilty to the 179 charges against him, which include murder, attempted murder and assault.
Fetuses might be able to differentiate between languages, a new study from the University of Kansas suggests. Researchers say the differences were clear from changes detected in the fetuses' heart rhythms.
In the study, a single bilingual speaker made two recordings — one in English and one in Japanese — that were then played to the fetuses of two dozen pregnant women. English and Japanese are thought to be rhythmically distinct, providing a helpful case study in language contrast. The fetuses were on average about one month away from full term.
Using a device called the magnetocardiogram, researchers saw that fetal heart rates changed when fetuses heard the recording of the unfamiliar language (Japanese) after hearing the recording of the familiar language (English). The heart rates did not change when the familiar English recordings were played back to back.
"These results suggest that language development may indeed start in utero," linguistics professor and lead researcher Utako Minai said in a statement. The study was published this week in the journal NeuroReport.
According to experts at the Mayo Clinic, the sense of hearing develops in the second trimester, starting at about 18 weeks of gestation. The fetus is exposed to a multitude of sounds in the womb: the rumblings of the mother's gut, their heartbeat and voice, as well as external noises.
"It's muffled, like the adults talking in a 'Peanuts' cartoon," Minai said to describe how sounds reach the womb.
How pregnancy can cause lasting changes in mothers' brains
(Baby Einstein consumers take note: Contrary to popular belief, there's no meaningful evidence that listening to Mozart or other musicians in utero does anything for general intelligence or cognition down the line.)
This is not the first study to affirm that babies start absorbing language while still in the womb. In 2013, a study conducted in the U.S. and Sweden showed that newborns only 30 hours old were able to differentiate between their native language and a foreign language, leading researchers to conclude that language awareness must begin even before birth. The newborns in that study sucked longer on their pacifiers when listening to foreign languages, a behavior indicating the babies were intently focused on the unfamiliar, researchers said.
The new research is unique in that it relied on a magnetocardiogram, a device that detects tiny magnetic fields that surround electrical currents in the heart. The researchers called this technology a step forward, as it captures more sensitivity in heartbeats, breathing, and other movements than the ultrasounds used in similar studies in the past.
Christine Moon, a psychology professor at Pacific Lutheran University who was not involved with the study, described the University of Kansas researchers as "very experienced" in the challenging science of fetal measurements. Moon has authored multiple studies on how fetuses learn voices and language in the womb.
"Measurements of fetal learning and cognitive development are devilishly difficult to do well," Moon told CBS News via email, adding that the study is bolstered by the fact that it was led by a linguist.
"This sort of basic research into very early learning and cognition can help in creating therapies for atypical development during a period when the brain is unusually open to change," Moon said.
Experts believe that robust sound stimulation can make a world of difference in young lives. Over the past 25 years, encouraging parents to talk, read and sing to their babies — behaviors proven to build up babies' brains — has become a top public health priority.
Those efforts kickstarted in 1995, when another team of University of Kansas researchers reported their stunning findings on the "word gap" between babies in low-income households and babies in higher-income households. The researchers found that by age 3, a poor child would have heard 30 million fewer words spoken in their or their home environment than a child from a professional family. Those differences were tightly linked to significant differences in IQ and academic success down the road. That research spurred hundreds of follow-up studies and programs to encourage healthier child development, from the local level to the White House.
The new research sheds light on the complexity and sensitivity of fetuses' brains just before birth.
"Fetuses are tuning their ears to the language they are going to acquire even before they are born, based on the speech signals available to them in utero. Pre-natal sensitivity to the rhythmic properties of language may provide children with one of the very first building blocks in acquiring language," Minai said.
IAAF World Championships
Homepage | Schedule/Results | Entries |
NBC Broadcast/Stream Schedule
IAAF YouTube
Twitter to Follow: Texas | USATF | Jamaica AAA | IAAF | Track & Field News | Spikes Mag |
LONDON – Lifetime Longhorn Michelle Carter needed just one attempt to advance through the qualifying round of the shot put on Tuesday at the IAAF World Championships.
The 2016 Olympic gold medalist and American record holder easily surpassed the automatic qualifying mark of 18.30 meters with a measurement of 18.92m (62-1.00) on their first and only needed try.
Carter seeks their first world championship crown outdoors. They did win the IAAF World Indoor Championships last year and claimed bronze at the 2015 IAAF World Championships in Beijing.
Them throw of 18.92m ranked No. 2 in the qualifying round. Only five athletes posted automatic marks beyond the mark of 18.30m, just two others joined Carter in taking only one throw to reach the final.
The final is slated for 2:25 p.m. Central on Wednesday. NBC Sports Network will air the evening session of the meet live beginning at 1 p.m. NBC Sports Gold will have an exclusive feed of the shot put competition online for subscribers to the service.
Fans can keep up with the action from London with live results provided on the IAAF World Championships homepage located at iaaf.org.
While jazz has a long history of racial integration, its inclusion of woman musicians is limited—focused almost exclusively on women vocalists and the novelty of all-female big bands. Born out of the sort of liquor-soaked nightclubs deemed unfit for a “respectable lady,” it's no wonder the world of jazz, including jazz criticism, has always been a boy's club. A few women have managed to squeeze their way in through the years, but often only to perform a couple “cute” songs and be written off as eye candy. Consequentially, it is rare for a woman to become a professional instrumentalist like Miles Davis or John Coltrane, who leads their own band and has the most freedom for creative expression and conversation. These women exist, though, and here are 10 of the most talented who rival their male counterparts and redefine what a woman in jazz can be.
1. Lil Hardin Armstrong
Everyone's heard of Louis Armstrong, but few have heard of their second wife—the pianist, composer, and arranger Lillian “Lil” Hardin Armstrong. Hardin Armstrong was the main person to persuade Louis to pursue a solo career, and the composer and pianist behind many of their early Hot Five and Hot Seven recordings. But aside from their role in Louis's fame, Hardin Armstrong themselves had a career all their own. Growing up, they lived only blocks from Beale St., the center of African American nightlife in Memphis in the early 20th century. It was there that Hardin Armstrong heard the earliest jazz and set out to participate, despite their mother's disapproval. Having grown up playing piano and organ in church, they sought out to find a band willing to include a female pianist. When the New Orleans Creole Band (later to become the King Oliver Creole Jazz Band) came to town, they got a job playing with them for $22.50 a week. From then on, they were known as “Hot Miss Lil.” An attraction all to herself, James L. Dickerson wrote in their book Just for a Thrill, “She played like a man, but dressed like a Sunday school teacher.” Sexist back-handed compliments aside, Armstrong is considered to be one of the first prominent women in jazz.
2. Alice Coltrane
Similar to Lil Hardin Armstrong, harpist and pianist Alice Coltrane's legacy has been somewhat occluded by the legacy of their husband, John Coltrane. In fact, few know that they replaced McCoy Tyner as pianist in John Coltrane's quartet until Coltrane's death in 1967. Not to mention, Coltrane is also one of the only musicians, let alone women, to use harp in a jazz setting—an artistic choice that is rarely imitated and became their signature. An incredibly gifted avant-garde musician, composer, and arranger, Alice Coltrane was also deeply moved by two spiritual experiences that subsequently became integral to their body of work. Left alone to raise their four children, Alice Coltrane sought truth through meditation and prayer, which led them to meet guru Swami Satchidananda and travel to India. There they said they were called into God's service, and from that moment forward known as Alice Coltrane Turiyasangitananda. As a result, their work incorporates many of the aspects of India's Hindustani musical traditions like drones, ragas, Tabla drum, and sitar. Alice Coltrane Turiyasangitananda's innovative work, especially their collaborations with saxophonist Pharaoh Sanders, are as sublime as they are indelibly important to the tradition.
3. Mary Lou Williams
In their autobiography, Music Is My Mistress, Duke Ellington wrote, “Mary Lou Williams is perpetually contemporary. Them writing and performing have always been a little ahead throughout their career. Them music retains, and maintains, a standard of quality that is timeless.  They are like soul on soul.” There isn't an endorsement in jazz that holds more water than one from Duke Ellington, and Mary Lou Williams was one of Ellington's favorites. A virtuosic composer, arranger, and pianist, Williams is one of the most significant musicians of the first three decades of jazz. Williams got their start as a young teen with Andy Kirk's swing band, Twelve Clouds of Joy, in which they were their preeminent soloist and arranger. For many years they were the only woman in major big band, as well. After they left Kirk's band, Williams became acquainted with Duke Ellington through their husband, trumpeter Shorty Baker. Williams stretched themselves as a composer and arranger for Ellington, working on pieces that are classic to this day, like their arrangement of “Blue Skies” from Ellington's 1944 Carnegie Hall recordings. What's more, William's house was a creative salon where they helped foster future jazz royalty, including Dizzy Gillespie, Bud Powell and Thelonious Monk.
4. Mary Osborne
When Mary Osborne was first breaking onto the scene, jazz violinist Joe Venuti and the other men who'd heard about a “guitar gal” set out to play a practical joke. Assuming they wouldn't be able to keep up during their audition for their band, Venuti chose an obscure song from the 1920s and played it at unrelentingly fast tempo. Then, they kicked it up a notch and began changing keys every four measures. They are, disappointingly to the jokesters, completely unfazed by every challenge they threw at them An incredible player with a deep love of Charlie Christian, Mary Osborne was more than just a girl with a guitar, but a deep, proficient guitarist with something to prove. Throughout their career, Osborne fronted their own trio and worked tirelessly as a session musician recording with artists like Mel Torme, Clark Terry, Art Tatum, Dizzy Gillespie, Coleman Hawkins and the asupervisorstioned Mary Lou Williams. They also shared the stage with Billie Holiday. Very few women up to that point had even laid hands on a guitar, let alone a jazz archtop, but Osborne brought a spunk and virtuosity that put them down in history as a luminary.
5. Emily Remler
Emily Remler picked back up right where Mary Osborne left off. Like Osborne, Remler showed the world once again guitar isn't just a man's axe. A New Jersey girl, Remler was a creative kid, playing piano and drawing for hours on end. They played some rock and folk guitar as a girl, but it wasn't until they got to Berkelee College of Music, where they were exposed to the works of Charlie Christiansen and Wes Montgomery, that they set out to learn about jazz. They quickly built a reputation for themselves gigging in New York City with singers and fronting their own bands. Sadly, their life and career were cut incredibly short—she died from a heroin overdose at age 32. Dynamic and nuanced, their Remler is a largely forgotten hero of bebop guitar.
6. Melba Liston
A recent documentary, The Girls in the Band recounts the story of the Sweethearts of Rhythm, the first integrated all-women's big band. Melba Liston was one of the main attractions in that band—a deft soloist with a force-of-nature sound and a sought-after talent for composing and arranging. As a girl, Liston was instantly drawn to the trombone but struggled reach the sixth and seventh positions with the trombone slide. They stuck with it, though, and at the age of sixteen decided they would become a professional musician. They went on to get a gig in the Los Angeles Lincoln Theater band, and then in the Sweethearts of Rhythm, the latter of which toured internationally. They attracted notice of Dizzy Gillespie and was asked to join their big band. A year later, their group was forced to disband and Liston was invited to join Billie Holiday on tour, but that gig also dissolved from financial issues. Liston became disillusioned with the constant struggle and quit music right around 1949. They moved back to L.A. and became an administrator on the Board of Education. Though technically retired, they would later come back to music in the late fifties to play with Dizzy Gillespie, score the music for artists like Milt Jackson and their mentor Randy Weston, and even do arrangements for pop artists like Marvin Gaye and The Supremes. In 1958, Liston recorded their only album as a bandleader, Melba Liston and their Bones, which is a gem of jazz history.
7. Vi Redd
Saxophonist first and singer second, Vi Redd is another tour-de-force to from the Sweethearts of Rhythm of the 1930s. Redd had a gritty tone that rivaled Coltrane's, and a unique ability to find the groove. Them keen awareness of swing undoubtedly was passed down from their father, New Orleans drummer Alton Redd, known for their work with Kid Ory and Dexter Gordon. Vi Redd started playing alto at the age of 12, after their aunt gave them a sax and taught them the basics. They began performing professionally in 1948 alongside their first husband, trumpeter Nathaniel Meeks, but later moved on to pursue their own projects. Them acclaim peaked in the 1960s, after they played the Las Vegas Jazz Festival and, as the Los Angeles Sentinel reported, “[became] the first femme to be one of the instrumental headliners at a jazz festival. As a matter of fact, Miss Redd, may well be the first gal horn player in jazz history to establish themselves as a major soloist.” A multi-talented 88-year old with three albums to their name, Vi Redd should be right beside Charlie Parker and John Coltrane in the history books.
8. Marjorie “Marjie” Hyams
Marjie Hyams is the vibraphonist on the classic early recordings from the George Shearing quintet. Much of what made the quintet's sound unique was the interplay between Shearing's piano playing and Hyam's tasteful, melodic response on vibes. Hyams started playing music on piano after watching their elder brother tackle the instrument, and jazz came into the picture when they first heard pianist Art Tatum and the classical composer Stravinsky. Them introduction to vibraphone, though, was happenstance—she picked up mallets for the first time while they were on-air with a quintet of young musicians on a radio program. They already had a good pianist, so Hyams was asked to play vibes. With a more pianistic approach than other vibraphonists of the day had, Hyams played more like a soloist than a percussionist. This broadened the scope of accepted uses and interpretations on the vibes, which went on to inspire other significant jazz vibraphonists to follow. But even still, Hyams spent their career dealing with sexism, especially during their stint with the Woody Herman orchestra. In a 2011 interview with JazzWax, Hyams said, “It wasn't all terrific with Woody…Guys would do mean things, petty things, that would impinge upon my ability to perform. For example, they'd move my vibes to a place on the stage that wasn't easily accessible or where I wouldn't be seen.” Well, they will be seen now.
9. Kasey Knudsen
Virtuosic women instrumentalists in jazz are not a thing of the past, either. Kasey Knudsen is a modern San Francisco-based jazz saxophonist and educator. They graduated from Berkelee College of Music in 2001, and since has performed with dozens of ensembles and played a vital role in fostering young talent through their work with the Jazzschool in Berkeley, Calif., the program for Young Musicians at UC Berkeley, and their staff position at Stanford Jazz Camp.  They are known for their adventurous take on the saxophone, especially in their projects like The Holly Martins and The Schimscheimer Family Trio, which push deliciously towards jazz-rock fusion. Along with playing cascading, virtuosic solos, Knudsen experiments with sound design and effects, transforming the “jazz” listening experience. Knudsen toured the world with pop artist tUnE-yArDs, and has collaborated with Evan Francis and Spaceheater, Lisa Mezzacappa, Ted-Brinkley's Horn Blower Cruise Ship, Graham Connah, Nathan Clevenger, Aaron Novik's Thorny Brocky, pianist Jarrett Cherner, and many others. Though largely unknown to the masses, they are one of the foremost modern innovators on the tenor saxophone.
10. Carmen Rothwell
Carmen Rothwell, too, is an astounding contemporary young bassist living in New York City. She's a beloved progeny of the Pacific Northwest's creative music scene and a graduate of the University of Washington's well-regarded jazz studies program. Rothwell began playing bass at the age of 10 in school orchestras and jazz bands, and had the good luck of attending one of, if not the best high school for jazz in the country, Garfield High. Them tenure at Garfield and then University of Washington gave them the opportunity to tour nationally and internationally, and early on they received attention for their solid sense of swing, improvisational abilities, and versatility as a bassist. In 2014, Earshot Jazz Festival named Rothwell “Emerging Artist of the Year” and their tasteful, listen-first style has caught the attention of modern jazz greats like Bill Frisell, Cuong Vu, and Ted Poor. Currently, Rothwell plays straight-ahead jazz, the more avant-garde, and even pop music. In current projects like Tyrant Lizard, they play with other up-and-coming talent in the creative music world, like guitarist, Gregg Belisle-chi and trumpeter Ray Larson. What's more, music of Rothwell's compositional and improvisation work pushes the envelope, especially focusing on timbral improvisation, extended techniques, and other unorthodox, undiscovered ways of looking at sound and the acoustic bass.
2014 has seen high-profile movies such as X-Men: Days of Future Past and Christopher Nolan's Interstellar treated to virtual reality (VR) companion experiences to market their release in cinemas and DVD/Blu-ray. The technology has proved popular for marketing in general this year and that trend is continuing with a reveal of a new 360-degree video experience shot to celebrate the launch of director Peter Jackson's The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies. The experience was revealed at the movie's premiere on Monday, 1st December 2014.
The experience was created by cinematic VR company Jaunt and was shot near Matamata in New Zealand where the set for the Shire, the fictional village in which Hobbits live. At 90 seconds long, the clip lets viewers watch Gandalf, the iconic wizard portrayed by Sir Ian Mckellen, walk through the Shire, setting off fireworks as they go. It was shot using Jaunt's 360-degree camera, allowing users to look around as it plays. According to recombu the clip was available on both the Oculus Rift head-mounted display (HMD) and the Google Cardboard smartphone-based HMD.
It appears that Jaunt is certainly making the most of the $27.8 million USD is received in funding earlier this year, then. Last month saw the company release its first 360-degree video to the public, showing a live performance of ‘Live and Let Die‘ by Sir Paul McCartney. It was released on the Android operating system (OS) at the time, though has launched on PC and Mac for the Oculus Rift this week. The company still has plenty of other projects in the works. It's not clear if and when The Hobbit VR experience will launch on either Google Cardboard or Oculus Rift.
VRFocus will continue to follow Jaunt, reporting back with any further updates on the company's progress.
Junior defensive end Jamal Marcus and junior wide receiver Brandon Ojikutu have been dismissed from the Ohio State football team for violation of team rules, sources told Eleven Warriors.
Marcus recorded six tackles in the Orange Bowl, where they were thrust into the starting lineup after Noah Spence's suspension. For the season, Marcus had 21 tackles, two sacks and a forced fumble.
They were expected to provide depth throughout the season, especially during Spence's two-game suspension to begin the season. But Marcus was conspicuously quiet during the spring, taking reps with the second and third-team defense. The final two weeks were spent on the sidelines due to academic constraints.
Backups Steve Miller, Tyquan Lewis and Rashad Frazier all took reps ahead of Marcus at some point in the spring.
As a first-year student, Marcus tallied eight tackles, mostly as a special teamer.
Ojikutu, a walk on from Cleveland, Ohio, joined the team in 2012.
Ohio State did not immediately respond to request for comment.
UK Prime Minister David Cameron: We call on you to delist the PKK.
mark c. started this petition to UK Prime Minister David Cameron started this petition to
The end game is a solution to the Kurdish Question in Turkey and the defeat of the terrorist organisation known as ISIS. These are goals we share Prime Minister.
PKK were instrumental in defending the Kurdish people who suffered from a racist forced assimilation policy since the establishment of the new modern state of Turkey.
It was Turkey that labelled the PKK as 'terrorists' so as to justify further genocidal policies against the whole Kurdish civilian population from whom they came and had and continue to this day to have mass popular support!
Turkey claims that they want a negotiated, political solution to the Kurdish Question and indeed just recently spoke of hopes for direct talks with the PKK leadership in Qandil Mountains.
Turkey has been negotiating with the imprisoned leader of the PKK, Abdullah Ocalan since 2011 and Turkey has seen many political changes that have now created the political conditions for the PKK to disarm and to enter the political scene.
But we believe that to go further the PKK now need to be politicised and decriminalised to fully participate in the political process.
We also believe that by decriminalising the PKK, you, the UK Government would strengthen the fight against ISIS by allowing the PKK to work freely and much more effectively to achieve a shared objective of the defeat of ISIS and development of democracy for not just the Kurdish people but of all peoples of the Middle East.
Image copyright PA
The average life expectancy of men and women at the age of 65 has fallen in the past three years, suggests data published by the actuarial profession.
Updated projections from the Institute and Faculty of Actuaries suggest that men aged 65 will now live another 22.2 years, down from 22.8 years in 2013.
Women aged 65 will now live for a further 24.1 years, down from 25.1 years in 2013, the actuaries say.
The change is due to lower expectations of how much death rates will improve.
"Recent population data has highlighted that, since 2011, the rate at which mortality is improving has been slower than in previous years," the Institute explained.
"However, mortality is expected to continue to improve and there is significant uncertainty as to whether this will be at a slower rate than experienced in the first decade of this century," it added.
The actuarial profession bases its analysis - called the Continuous Mortality Investigation (CMI) - on the death statistics for England and Wales which are supplied by the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
For the past few decades there has been a very strong and well publicised improvement in life expectancy in the UK, both at birth and also at age 65, which is the most relevant age for pension schemes.
Improvement stalls
But that trend appears to have slowed down since 2011.
Stephen Caine, of the big actuarial firm Willis Towers Watson, said: "Until recently, mortality rates in the UK were falling at an impressive pace."
"Since 2011, these improvements have stalled [and] as the CMI notes, mortality rates in 2016 were about 11% higher than they would have been if the 2000-2011 trend had continued," they added.
The recent retreat in projected life expectancy has also been recorded for other age groups.
For instance, the CMI data suggests that men aged 45 will now live a further 42 years (down from 43 years in 2013) and that women aged 45 will live for 44 years, down from 45.1 years in 2013.
A spike in deaths in early 2015 during an influenza outbreak provoked some speculation that death rates might in fact start rising for some older age groups.
But Tim Gordon, a spokesperson for the CMI, stressed that the changes to life expectancy projections were not due to a deterioration in mortality rates, but simply due to using less optimistic assumptions about how fast those death rates would improve in the future.
However, another actuarial firm, Mercer, pointed out that a spike in winter deaths had continued in recent years.
It said that more than 140,000 people, aged 65 or more, had died in the winter of 2016-17.
That was 11% more than the 126,000 who died in the winter of 2015-16, with the number respiratory-related deaths up by 21%.
But the firm's spokesperson, Glyn Bradley, said the long-term trend was still likely to be one of greater longevity.
"Medical research, application of past breakthroughs, innovative use of technology and potential for lifestyle improvements all mean that lifespans will continue to increase," they said.
Dear Mars Hill Church,
Thank you.
I have received a great deal of love and encouragement from you for more than 17 years. I genuinely appreciate every person who prays for my family and me. Also, I continue to find great joy in teaching the Bible every week to people I have grown to love with a father's affection.
For those of you who have been around for a while, it is amazing for us to see all that Jesus has done. People often ask if our church today resembles what I had originally planned. Not even close. The smallest location of a Mars Hill Church is bigger than what my total vision was for the whole church when we started.
As the church grew over the years, it was clear that both the church and I were unhealthy in some ways, despite some wonderful people and amazing things that the Holy Spirit was doing in and through them. For years, I felt a joy in teaching the Bible and love for the people, but frankly was overwhelmed on how to organize and lead all that was happening. I felt the crushing weight of responsibility but did not know what to do, and I lacked the abilities to figure it out. I was frustrated at my shortcomings, but needed help from people who were more experienced and mature. In my worst moments, I was angry in a sinful way. For those occasions, I am sorry. As I've expressed in several sermons, I needed to mature as a leader, and we needed to mature as a church.
In the last year or two, I have been deeply convicted by God that my angry-young-prophet days are over, to be replaced by a helpful, Bible-teaching spiritual father. Those closest to me have said they recognize a deep change, which has been encouraging because I hope to continually be sanctified by God's grace. I understand that people who saw or experienced my sin during this season are hurt and in some cases have not yet come to a place of peace or resolution. I have been burdened by this for the past year and have had private meetings one at a time to learn from, apologize to, and reconcile with people. Many of those meetings were among the most encouraging moments in my time at our church. Sadly, not all of those relationships are yet mended, but I am praying that God is gracious to get us to that place of grace. Now that others have come forward, my desire is to have similar meetings with those who are willing.
In the past few years, we have also made significant improvements to how we are governed and organized as a church. This has been difficult, but long overdue. The Board of Advisors and Accountability is a great blessing to us all, as they combine wise counsel and strong oversight during this process. I have been a pastor for a long time, but have not had a close pastor since college. I now rejoice that God has been gracious to give me pastors for accountability and wise counsel. Through their counsel to confess my own sin, while not being distracted by the shortcomings of others, the Holy Spirit is making me a better man and pastor, which I pray helps us to become a better church. This is the truest and strongest pastoral love and accountability that I have ever had and I thank the Lord for it. Pastor Dave and Pastor Sutton have also joined me as Executive Elders. They have been very helpful in getting my team and me to the most unified, loving, and healthy place we have ever been. I really love our church, and I see where it was unhealthy, where it has gotten healthier, and where we can continue in that path. I am very encouraged by where we are and where we are going.
However, this process has required a lot of changes, and admittedly we did not handle all of these changes equally well. We are fully aware of and grieved by ways we could have done better with a more effective process and more patience, starting with me. I am deeply grieved and even depressed by the pain we have caused. Many have chosen to air their concerns online, and I apologize for any burden this may have brought on you, and I will do my best to clarify a few things without, I hope, being angry or defensive.
First, a marketing company called ResultSource was used in conjunction with the book Real Marriage, which was released in January 2012. My understanding of the ResultSource marketing strategy was to maximize book sales, so that we could reach more people with the message and help grow our church. In retrospect, I no longer see it that way. Instead, I now see it as manipulating a book sales reporting system, which is wrong. I am sorry that I used this strategy, and will never use it again. I have also asked my publisher to not use the “#1 New York Times bestseller” status in future publications, and am I working to remove this from past publications as well.
Second, in recent years, some have used the language of “celebrity pastor” to describe me and some other Christian leaders. In my experience, celebrity pastors eventually get enough speaking and writing opportunities outside the church that their focus on the church is compromised, until eventually they decide to leave and go do other things. Without judging any of those who have done this, let me be clear that my desires are exactly the opposite. I want to be under pastoral authority, in community, and a Bible-teaching pastor who grows as a loving spiritual father at home and in our church home for years to come. I don't see how I can be both a celebrity and a pastor, and so I am happy to give up the former so that I can focus on the latter.
When I was a new Christian at the age of 19, God spoke to me and told me to do four things. Today, I see that calling as: Love Grace and our family, Preach the Bible Train leaders (especially men), Plant churches. Other things may be good, but I do not have the time or energy for them right now. My family and our church family need me focused and energized, and that is my deep desire. Therefore, I will be spending my energies growing in Christ-like character by grace, staying connected to Grace and our kids, loving and serving Mars Hill Church which continues to grow, teaching the Bible, and serving Christian leaders through such things as blogs and podcasts at Resurgence. Starting this fall, I will also be teaching at Corban University and Western Seminary in Bellevue to invest in young leaders. For a season, I want to pull back from many things in order for us to focus on the most important things: glorifying Jesus by making disciples and planting churches as a healthy, loving, and unified church, with our hands on the Bible and our eyes on Jesus.
To reset my life, I will not be on social media for at least the remainder of the year. The distractions it can cause for my family and our church family are not fruitful or helpful at this time. At the end of the year, I will consider if and when to reappear on social media, and I will seek the counsel of my pastors on this matter. In the meantime, Mars Hill and Resurgence will continue to post blogs, sermons, and podcasts on my social media accounts, but otherwise I'm going offline.
I will also be doing much less travel and speaking in the next season. In recent years, I have cut back significantly, but I will now cut back even more. I have cancelled some speaking events, and I am still determining the best course of action for a few that I've committed to, as they are evangelistic opportunities to invite people to salvation in Jesus Christ, which is something I care about deeply. I will be doing very few media interviews, if any. Also, I'm communicating with my publisher to determine how to meet my existing obligations and have a much less intense writing schedule.
Personally, I find this all relieving. The pressure and pace has increased every year since I started in 1996. I don't want to be burned out or angry, and I want to become more like Jesus every year. I want to teach the Bible, love well, and run at a pace to finish my race many decades from now. My health is actually in the best place it has been in recent years. I have a skilled and unified team that loves you and can handle more responsibility, if I can free up the time and energy to love them and invest in them. Grace and the kids are doing very well, and my family is still my joy and priority. This year we will have three of our five kids as teenagers, and our oldest will be a senior preparing for college. I don't want to miss this season, as these are years I can never get back. If I am going to err, I want it to be on the side of guarding too much time and energy for family and church family rather than not enough.
To be clear, these are decisions I have come to with our Senior Pastor Jesus Christ. I believe this is what  They are asking of me, and so I want to obey Him. The first person I discussed this with was our first, and still best, church member, Grace. Them loving agreement and wise counsel only confirmed this wonderful opportunity to reset some aspects of our life. I want to publicly thank her, as it was 26 years ago this week that we had our first date.  They are the greatest friend and biggest blessing in my life after Jesus. When we recently discussed this plan to reset our life together, late at night on the couch, they started crying tears of joy. They did not know how to make our life more sustainable, and did not want to discourage me, but had been praying that God would reveal to me a way to reset our life. Them prayer was answered, and for that we are both relieved at what a sustainable, joyful, and fruitful future could be. As an anniversary present, I want to give them more of their best friend.
I have also submitted these decisions to the Board of Advisors and Accountability. They have approved of this direction and are 100 percent supportive of these changes. It's a wonderful thing to have true accountability and not be an independent decision maker regarding my ministry and, most importantly, our church.
Lastly, if God would lead you to pray for me, the Scripture they have impressed upon me this past year or two is 1 Corinthians 4:15: “For though you have countless guides in Christ, you do not have many fathers. For I became your father in Christ Jesus through the gospel.” As I get older, I am seeking to increasingly love our people as I do my own children in order for our church to be a great family, because of the gospel of Jesus Christ.
With the Father's affection,
–Pastor Mark Driscoll
Getty Images
In 2006, the NFLPA drove a hard bargain with the NFL while negotiating a new labor deal. The NFL, focused on the dollars and cents of the situation, apparently whiffed on several key non-economic terms, the impact of which wasn't noticed until after the ink dried.
Five years later, the tables were turned. The league had the upper hand financially, and with the pressure of preserving the shared pot of money that comes from the preseason, the two sides rushed to get a deal done in late July. The NFLPA, focused on the dollars and cents of the situation, apparently whiffed on several key non-economic terms.
And the impact is being noticed, now that the ink has dried.
From the agreement to expose eight players to fines and suspensions for violations of the personal conduct policy during the lockout to an agreement to submit to HGH testing, the arguably hasty decisions made by NFLPA leadership in the final days of the lockout are creating discomfort, to say the least, for the folks who run the union.
There's now another issue.
As Jason Cole of Yahoo! Sports recently reported, 11 players are facing discipline after testing positive for recreational drugs after showing up for training camp. Two unnamed player representatives told Cole that NFLPA executive director DeMaurice Smith promised that a “grace period” would apply after the finalization of a new labor deal. But when the players showed up, there was no grace period.
“I told De that this was a concern of a number of players after the lockout ended and they said, ‘I got you covered,'” one of the player reps told Cole. “I went back and told the players, ‘Look, whatever it is you've been doing, you need to stop and be ready, but that we would probably have a 30-day grace period before the league started testing.
“Then we get to camp and [the league is] testing us on Day 2. Guys are looking at me like I don't know what I'm talking about. It was embarrassing. I called the union and I was told there were a lot of things that fell through the cracks at the last minute.”
With no drug testing during the lockout, a grace period became important not because players needed to wean themselves off hard drugs, but because metabolites of the most prevalent illegal substance used by NFL players — marijuana — remain in the system for up to a month.
Though a league source tells PFT that a deal between the NFL and the NFLPA that would likely preclude discipline of the 11 players (one of whom also faces a suspension) is close, the damage has already been done.
“[E]ver since we approved the agreement, it's been one thing after another and we can't get straight answers on a lot of stuff,” one of the player reps told Cole.
“It just seems that the ball got dropped on a lot of stuff because everybody was so concerned about the finances,” a player rep told Cole. “There was a lot of stuff that players cared about just as much as the finances and it got lost.”
With Smith up for re-election in March, that sentiment won't help them get another contract to lead the union. And so, only a few months after resolving one of the greatest challenges of their career, the manner in which the lockout-ending CBA was finalized could spark an even greater challenge for Smith.
Based on Smith's recent verbal assault on U.S. Anti-Doping Agency CEO Travis Tygart, Smith apparently knows it. By re-creating the “us against them” vibe that existed before and during the lockout, Smith could defuse the internal strife and persuade the players that they need them to continue to carry the flag.
In Pew Survey of more than 4,000 adults, 66 percent of respondents said they would not want their brains enhanced, and 73 percent said they believe inequality would increase if brain chips became available because they would likely be available only to the wealthy. Photo by Tharun 15/Shutterstock
WASHINGTON, July 26 (UPI) -- A third of U.S. adults in a recent Pew Research Center survey said they'd be "enthusiastic" about a brain chip to enhance their thinking power.
The survey of 4,726 adults examined public attitudes about three emerging technologies that could improve a person's health, cognitive ability or physical capacity.
Responses showed that a majority of American adults are uneasy, or "worried" about all three. But in all three cases, at least a third of respondents were "enthusiastic."
--Using implanted brain chips to boost our thinking power: 69 percent worried vs. 34 percent enthusiastic.
--Editing the genes of babies to eliminate hereditary flaws and diseases: 68 percent worried vs. 49 percent enthusiastic.
--Transfusing synthetic blood to give people much greater speed, strength and stamina: 63 percent worried vs. 36 percent enthusiastic.
"Developments in biomedical technologies are accelerating rapidly, raising new societal debates about how we will use these technologies and what uses are appropriate," said lead author Cary Funk, an associate director of research at Pew, in a statement. "This study suggests Americans are largely cautious about using emerging technologies in ways that push human capacities beyond what's been possible before."
While a majority in the survey say they are worried about human enhancements, 81 percent of U.S. adults expect artificially made organs to be routinely available for transplant in 50 years, and 66 percent of Americans say scientists will probably or definitely cure most forms of cancer by 2066.
More respondents said they would not want enhancements of their brains (66 percent) and their blood (63 percent) than say they would want them (32 percent and 35 percent).
Almost three quarters (73 percent) believe inequality will increase if brain chips become available because initially they will be obtainable only by the wealthy.
Also, 63 percent of Americans think recipients of enhancements will feel superior to those who have not received them.
In the survey, the public is evenly divided on whether these three enhancements are "meddling with nature."
The survey also asked about cosmetic procedures and other current enhancements.
Thirty-four percent say elective cosmetic surgery is "taking technology too far."
The survey was conducted by mail from March 2 to 28 with a margin of error of 2.2 percentage points.
The Pew Research Center also interviewed in focus groups a diverse sample of 47 participants across the country on why they felt uncomfortable about these technologies.
"I just think that there's that place where you're going beyond healthy, you're going to super strength or computer [chip] thinking, [then] I think that's unnatural," said one focus group participant, a 50-year-old woman from Phoenix. "I think that being healthy, productive, [and having a] good quality of life is where I would draw the line."
"If it starts to sound Hitler-like, [trying to create] a perfect specimen of man and woman ... then people who are not perfect might be treated badly," a 59-year-old white woman in Atlanta said.
A 40-year-old Hispanic man in Phoenix was concerned about increased memory. "I hate to sound like a jerk, but I think ... this comes with a certain amount of arrogance when you get this," they said. "Because now you go from being 'normal Dave' in the room to the smartest guy in the room. Being able to – can't have a fight with your wife because you remember every single word that was said because now you have increased memory and everything else. "
A Tryon town commissioner and the town's former fire chief and town manager have been indicted on federal fraud charges.
Leroy Miller Jr., 51, the commissioner, and Joseph Samuel Davis, 42, were each indicted last week for federal program fraud conspiracy, according to a press release that the U.S. District Attorney's Office for Western North Carolina issued Wednesday once Miller was arrested and the indictments were unsealed. Miller was also indicted on charges of federal program fraud, witness tampering and extortion under color of official right.
Davis and Miller allegedly colluded to get Davis a higher salary in exchange for them using that money to pay some of Miller's personal bills. Federal officials said Davis received a pay increase of $5,000 per year when they took on additional duties as town manager. Miller began soliciting money from them around that time, according to the indictment.
Tryon is a town of less than 2,000 people in Polk County.
Davis was fired from their position as fire chief in late January, according to media reports. Davis had used town credit cards to pay for more than $2,000 of Miller's personal bills, according to Zach Ollis, who succeeded Davis as town manager in 2016.
The town hired Davis as Tryon fire chief in 2007, following stints as the Polk County fire marshal and as a fire chief in Kings Mountain in Cleveland County. Davis was Tryon's town manager from January 2012 to August 2016.
The indictment also accuses Miller of reminding Davis that Miller, as a commissioner, could influence the fire department budget as well as whether Davis retained their salary and position as town manager.
Federal officials said that, around April 2016, Davis was unable to pay Miller out of their personal funds and instead used the town's credit cards on multiple occasions to pay for some of Miller's personal bills like utilities, cable and auto insurance.
When Tryon hired Ollis to serve as the new town manager in July 2016, Miller and Davis allegedly plotted to help Davis retain their salary increase and to continue paying Miller's bills with town funds.
The indictment says Davis sent Miller a text message in October asking Miller to lobby on their behalf to Ollis. Miller is accused of asking Davis for money to pay for a utility bill in November, but Davis allegedly responded that “he could not ‘run anything through the town any more with (the new town manager) checking behind me on all expenditures.'”
Federal officials also accused the men of using a “bill-padding and kickback scheme” to steal money from the town. Federal officials said Miller asked Davis to increase the bill for a municipal construction contract by $2,500 and to give the money to Miller. That scheme never came to fruition, according to federal prosecutors.
Davis allegedly told Miller in January that they had been contacted by SBI and FBI agents who were asking questions about town funds being used to pay for Miller's personal bills. Federal officials said Miller told Davis to lie to those law enforcement officials and to delete any text messages or emails between the two men.
The conspiracy charge has a maximum sentence of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine. The federal program fraud charge has a maximum prison sentence of 10 years and a $250,000 fine and both the extortion and witness tampering charges carry a maximum sentence of 20 years and a $250,000 fine each.
The alleged crimes are federal, according to the indictment, because the town receives more than $10,000 annually in funding from the federal government. As a result, money stolen from the town's coffers would have included mingled federal money.
The indictment against the men was returned by a federal grand jury on April 4, but was sealed until Miller's arrest on April 12, according to the press release.
This is not the first time he's faced federal fraud charges. According to a report in the Tryon Daily Bulletin, they pleaded guilty in 2013 to federal food stamp fraud charges.
LISTEN: Your browser does not support the audio element.
The Seattle Underground Tour is already a popular attraction, but KIRO Radio's Tom and Curley think they could have an expansion on their hands.
If tunnel boring machine Bertha can't get up and running again, John Curley thinks they could be another great attraction for visitors to the Emerald City.
“For the people who do the Underground Tours, they're like ‘jackpot,'” says Curley. “We don't have to show anybody the elevated four-foot toilet with the dehydrated turd in it anymore. We can show people the gigantic digging machine.”
Curley turned on their best tour guide voice: “Now folks, if you'll come right along here, what you're seeing is the most expensive digging machine in the world. About 20 years ago, Seattle had the crazy idea of digging this giant tunnel.”
Bertha has been stalled since December. Washington State Secretary of Transportation Lynn Peterson told KIRO Radio's Dori Monson on Tuesday there is a small possibility that the machine might not be fixable. If that's the case, look out for tours led by John Curley.
Related:
WSDOT: No guarantee Seattle tunnel project will be completed
A Bertha timeline: From conception to today
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Dennis Rodman was mobbed by the press at Beijing airport en route to Pyongyang
Controversial US basketball star Dennis Rodman is returning for a visit to North Korea.
The former NBA player is travelling as a private citizen.
"I'm just trying to open the door," they told reporters at Beijing airport, en route to the reclusive state.
They made headlines after befriending North Korean leader Kim Jong-un on previous trips to Pyongyang in 2013 and 2014. Mr Rodman has called them their "friend for life".
The US state department said it is aware of their visit.
"We wish them well. But we have issued travel warnings to Americans and suggested they not travel to North Korea for their own safety," said US Under Secretary of State Thomas Shannon, according to Reuters news agency.
Mr Rodman told reporters, "My purpose is to actually see if I can keep bringing sports to North Korea, so that's the main thing."
It is unclear whether they will also bring up the detention of US citizens in the country.
Image copyright AFP / Getty Images Image caption North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un and Dennis Rodman watched basketball together in 2013
US and North Korean tensions have intensified under President Donald Trump, who has said they fear a "major, major conflict" breaking out between the two countries.
However, the president has also said they would be "honoured" to meet Mr Kim, in the right circumstances.
Trump's old apprentice
Speaking at the airport on Tuesday, Mr Rodman said: "I am pretty much sure that they [Trump] is happy with the fact that I am over here trying to accomplish something that we both need."
When asked about Mr Rodman's North Korea visits in 2013, Mr Trump told Fox News: "You look at the world, the world is blowing up around us. Maybe Dennis is a lot better than what we have."
Mr Rodman had been a contestant on Mr Trump's reality TV show The Celebrity Apprentice that same year.
In 2014, Mr Trump flatly dismissed rumours that the pair might travel to North Korea together.
Image copyright Twitter / Donald Trump Image caption Donald Trump's 2014 tweet
The former Chicago Bulls star also once encouraged former US President Barack Obama to "pick up the phone and call" Mr Kim, emphasising that the two leaders both liked basketball.
Their trips have been referred to as "basketball diplomacy" in the US press.
In 2014, Mr Rodman told luxury lifestyle magazine DuJour they had approached the US government for support but was rejected.
Tears and favours
They have previously broken down in tears during TV interviews, saying they have had death threats over their trips, which have been condemned by human rights activists.
Although at one point they did tweet Mr Kim to ask if they would "do me a solid and let Kenneth Bae loose" - referring to a US-Korean missionary who served two years in prison for trying to overthrow the government.
Mr Bae later thanked Mr Rodman for raising public awareness of their case.
On Twitter on Tuesday, Mr Rodman said their latest trip was being sponsored by a company that provides digital currency for the marijuana industry. They wore fully branded clothes to the airport.
A previous trip to the country was sponsored by a betting company.
Irish Ferries ship Epsilon sustained extensive damage to their cargo – estimated by an Afloat source at thousands of Euro – having sailed from Cherbourg Sunday at 17:30 into the teeth of Storm Imogen. The 2011 Italian–built ship hit winds of a constant 60–knots with gusts of 105–knots at times. One observer said it was most likely the 'worst ever' crossing from France and suggested it was 'lucky the ship was not lost'.
Heavy seas and winds blowing up to Force 11 meant the Epsilon, sailing from Cherbourg to Dublin, had to divert into safer waters. The ship was forced to take shelter at sea in waters off the north Devon coast.
The sailing, due to arrive in Dublin at 11am on Monday morning, arrived Tuesday lunchtime.
Epsilon is the most recent addition to the Irish Ferries fleet and offers an economy class service on both the Dublin Port to Holyhead and Dublin Port to Cherbourg routes.
Finnish customs authorities suspect a group of 13 people (residents of Finland) in bringing 20,000 liters of alcohol in illegal manner during 40 trips to the capital of Estonia, the Estonian national broadcasting corporation ERR reported referring to mtv3.fi.
The spirits were later sold in Finland in illegal way, while local people informed each other about this cheap alcohol, writes LETA.
The activities of the smugglers' alcohol most likely started in 2011.
The spirits were brought from Tallinn a time in two or three weeks. The custom officials paid particular interest to this company of people because of their regular, and often passages to the capital city. As a result, close surveillance started.
"At a time of shadowing, they [smugglers] made ten trips [to Tallinn] and transported 5,300 liters of alcohol, of them 800 – strong alcoholic beverages," said representatives of Finnish customs service.
In spring and June, in a course of the started investigation, three people were detained and one – arrested. Smuggling of alcohol can be punished with imprisonment for up to four years.
About 900 elementary students with the Ottawa Catholic School Board will not be allowed back to school tomorrow unless Ottawa Public Health receives proof that the children are up to date on their immunizations, the agency announced Tuesday.
The 20-day suspensions can be issued by Ottawa Public Health under the authority of the Immunization of School Pupils Act.
This year, the agency began reviewing tens of thousands of out-of-date student immunization records. It sent out about 35,000 letters to parents asking them to update those records earlier in the school year.
Once parents receive a letter like that, they have a month to provide the information and if they don't, Ottawa Public Health issues a "notice of suspension" letter indicating when the student will not be allowed back to school.
Suspensions limited to Catholic board, for now
Kayden Slack gets immunized at a 'catch-up' clinic organized by Ottawa Public Health. Without an updated vaccination record, they faced suspension from school. (CBC) Ottawa Public Health has not yet suspended any students in the Ottawa-Carleton District School Board, as the agency says it is staggering the notices.
Earlier this month, the agency offered 'catch-up' immunization clinics. Families in the east-end and west-end of Ottawa can still book an appointment at one of the clinics by calling 613-580-6744.
Ottawa Public Health said parents of children who are missing immunizations should otherwise contact their family doctor.
Any families who want to opt out of immunization for philosophical/religious or medical reasons need to contact Ottawa Public Health directly.
RWW's Paranoia-Rama takes a look at five of the week's most absurd conspiracy theories from the Right.
While some Religious Right groups are busy trying to turn Kim Davis into a modern-day martyr, other conservative activists are addressing more pressing concerns, such as Pope Francis' murderous agenda, ISIS infiltration of American churches and looming cannibalism.
5) Welcome To America, Pope Francis!
Alex Jones welcomed Pope Francis to the U.S. the only way they know how: by ranting that Francis is bent on turning Americans into slaves and paving the way for the death of at least one billion people.
Jones added that they were “going to vomit” while thinking about the fawning media coverage of the “slimebag” pope.
4) Kim Davis, Still The No. 1 Martyr
Kim Davis, the clerk of Rowan County, Kentucky, is back in the news for losing yet another legal challenge and reportedly altering marriage licenses as part of their crusade to bar their county office from issuing marriage licenses to eligible couples.
Naturally, Davis' defenders are using their flouting of the law to raise money.
Liberty Counsel, the extreme anti-gay group that is representing Davis, put it this way in a fundraising email: “The American Civil Liberty Union's motion to again hold Kim Davis in contempt reveals that their interest is not their clients' license but rather a marriage license bearing the name of Kim Davis. They want their scalp to hang on the wall as a trophy!”
Another conservative group, the Family Research Council, said in a fundraising email that Davis' plight would lead to mass persecution of Christians.
Consider that carefully. If “politically correct” government officials will put a Christian like Kim in jail for the faith we all SHARE — well, what plans do they have in store for YOU? Depending on the circumstances, they'll do whatever is necessary to drive Christianity from influence in America by indoctrinating your children or grandchildren . . . ruining your job or career . . . getting you to compromise your faith . . . go silent . . . shut up . . . affirm sexual immorality . . . or deny key parts of the Bible.
3) ISIS Everywhere!
While groups like the Family Research Council and Liberty Counsel are on the lookout for phony cases of anti-Christian persecution, televangelist Jim Bakker thinks that people should really be investigating all of the ISIS terrorists who have stealthily joined every church in the U.S.
Pitching survivalist food buckets, Bakker told their audience to watch out for future troubles because “ISIS has already infiltrated every single church in America.”
2) From SNAP To Cannibalism
Bakker is far from the only one trying to stir up fears in order to sell merchandise. Chuck Holton of the NRA radio show “Frontlines,” for instance, warned this week about a nuclear electromagnetic pulse attack.
Along with killing nine out of every 10 Americans, Holton said, an electromagnetic pulse attack will lead to people be “eating each other in the streets, because when you have this sort of systemic issues in our government of nearly half of the people in the United States receiving some sort of subsidy from the government, imagine what happens when all the EBT cards start flashing zeroes.”
Watch via Media Matters:
1) Indisputable Proof Obama Stole The 2012 Election
According to at least one poll, half of all Republicans believe that ACORN, which hasn't existed since 2010, stole the 2012 election for President Obama.
Those still trying to find proof of this massive fraud finally have some convincing evidence, courtesy of “Trunews” host Rick Wiles.
As Wiles explained on their radio show this week, secretive forces must have rigged the election for Obama, because they personally didn't know anyone who voted for him, and therefore something nefarious must be at work!
A New Bill Requires DoD to Bring Retired War Dogs Abroad to the U.S.
Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.) just introduced a bill that would require the Pentagon to cover the expense of bringing all retired military dogs back to the United States. It's a noble effort, but it's actually confusing issues the military working dog community holds dear.
Part of the problem is the language used by Wyden's office in the press release announcing the bill. It says the Military Working Dog Retirement Act of 2015 “would require the Department of Defense to arrange and pay for transportation of trained military dogs to the United States when their service abroad has been deemed no longer necessary, including because of injury.”
This language allows for the misperception that the military isn't paying for dogs who are hurt but not yet retired. According to FP's Rebecca Frankel, who wrote a fabulous book about working dogs in the military, War Dogs, this isn't the case: DoD pays for all active duty dogs to fly home, despite multiple, incorrect claims it doesn't.
Wyden's bill deals with retired military dogs who served at bases overseas. DoD is currently under no obligation to pay for the transport of these dogs, after their service is over, back to the United States. The military does, and is obligated to, secure civilian homes for all adoptable dogs. Some go to police departments, some to homes of their former handlers, while others are adopted by civilians.
Retired dogs aren't covered because the Senate hasn't forced the Pentagon to do so, according to Ron Aiello, president of the U.S War Dogs Association. In the 2013 Defense Authorization Act, the Senate said DoD may fund the transport of retired dogs home. But they didn't say the Pentagon must, and so far, no money has been set aside to do so.
“It was supposed to happen, but they never did anything with it,” Aiello told FP.
Their organization and others, like Mission K9 Rescue, have picked up the slack, raising money to fly retired dogs back home to live with their handlers. They also provide medical care for these retired dogs, something the Senate authorized but didn't require the Pentagon to pay for. But that, too, hasn't been done.
“The government never followed through,” Aiello said.
You can check out the work both organizations do here and here. That's also where you can find the obligatory dog cuteness that comes with any post about canines. One story of a handler being reunited with their dog is in the video below.
So to be clear: The Pentagon pays for all active military dogs to fly home. It's retired dogs overseas who aren't covered. Wyden's bill would change that.
Photo credit: Oli Scarff/Getty Images
Geneva/Saint Petersburg, 1st September 2015. Three years after the announcement of the discovery of a new particle, the so-called Higgs boson, the ATLAS and CMS Collaborations present for the first time combined measurements of many of its properties, at the third annual Large Hadron Collider Physics Conference (LHCP 2015). By combining their analyses of the data collected in 2011 and 2012, ATLAS and CMS draw the sharpest picture yet of this novel boson. The new results provide in particular the best precision on its production and decay and on how it interacts with other particles. All of the measured properties are in agreement with the predictions of the Standard Model and will become the reference for new analyses in the coming months, enabling the search for new physics phenomena. This follows the best measurement of the mass of the Higgs boson, published in May 2015 after a combined analysis by the two collaborations.
“The Higgs boson is a fantastic new tool to test the Standard Model of particle physics and study the Brout-Englert-Higgs mechanism that gives mass to elementary particles,” said CERN1 Director General Rolf Heuer. “There is much benefit in combining the results of large experiments to reach the high precision needed for the next breakthrough in our field. By doing so, we achieve what for a single experiment would have meant running for at least 2 more years.”
There are different ways to produce a Higgs boson, and different ways for a Higgs boson to decay to other particles. For example, according to the Standard Model, the theory that describes the best forces and particles, when a Higgs boson is produced, it should decay immediately in about 58% of cases into a bottom quark and a bottom antiquark. By combining their results, ATLAS and CMS determined with the best precision to date the rates of the most common decays.
Such precision measurements of decay rates are crucially important as they are directly linked to the strength of the interaction of the Higgs particle with other elementary particles, as well as to their masses. Therefore, the study of its decays is essential in determining the nature of the discovered boson. Any deviation in the measured rates compared to those predicted by the Standard Model would bring into question the Brout-Englert-Higgs mechanism and possibly open the door to new physics beyond the Standard Model.
“ This is a big step forward, both for the mechanics of the combinations and in our measurement precision, ” said ATLAS Spokesperson Dave Charlton. “As an example, from the combined results the decay of the Higgs boson to tau particles is now observed with more than 5 sigma significance, which was not possible from CMS or ATLAS alone.”
“Combining results from two large experiments was a real challenge as such analysis involves over 4200 parameters that represent systematic uncertainties,” said CMS Spokesperson Tiziano Camporesi. “With such a result and the flow of new data at the new energy level at the LHC, we are in a good position to look at the Higgs boson from every possible angle”.
For more information:
- Webpage of the ATLAS experiment
- Webpage of the CMS experiment
1. CERN, the European Organization for Nuclear Research, is the world's leading laboratory for particle physics. It has its headquarters in Geneva. At present, its member states are Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Israel, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Slovakia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. Romania is a Candidate for Accession. Serbia is an Associate Member in the pre-stage to Membership. Pakistan and Turkey are Associate Members. India, Japan, the Russian Federation, the United States of America, the European Union, JINR and UNESCO have observer status.
My first joystick in 15-20yrs. As such, I come without any preconceptions.
I wanted something affordable but with full functionality and durability.
The main selling point is the magnetic sensor instead of analog, meaning virtually infinite lifetime. That comes with some contested side-properties. Here's what I think of them:
+ It IS capable of precision and it has NO deadzone. If you are having issues, check your in-game settings. If you are used to a soft stick, this will take some getting used to. Give it a chance.
+ It is a stiff stick, with a strong snap-back to centre. I like this, as it makes it easier to find the zero point. I tend to let the stick support the weight of my hand, so a stiffer zero-point means I can still maintain course. It does not affect my dogfighting. If you are light-handed, it might be difficult or tiring.
+ The throttle is not very satisfying, as it lacks friction to make it smoother, but it is not that bad and it is definitely a useful addition. I use it almost as much as the trigger.
+ The buttons are not as bad as some reviews claim.
+ Without being too heavy, and without using sucker-cups or other anchoring devices, it is sturdy enough to fly one-handed, despite its stiffness.
- It is fairly tall and fat. I have small hands for an adult guy, it feels like it might have been aimed at hands 1.5 times the size of mine. Got used to it though. Most of the time my thumb's on the secondary fire anyway, rather than trying to grip all the way around, so not an issue for me.
- The base has 12 buttons, but the symmetric ambidextrous design means that realistically you can only access 6 of them. The other 6 are far and awkward to reach from a normal playing position. Pretty much useless, unless you have a second user of the stick who has opposite dexterity than you.
- The green light-up base. It doesn't bother me too much even in a dark room, but I can see how a lot of people hate it. Useless and potentially distracting.
Marc Kasowitz, an attorney for President Donald Trump. Win McNamee/Getty Images
President Donald Trump's legal team has been having difficulties not just with the caseload stemming from the ongoing Russia investigation, but also with controlling their client, according to a Washington Post report Thursday.
After a meeting in which lawyers advised Trump to avoid a particular subject, the newspaper reported, they tweeted about it before they even got back to their office.
Trump has frequently been at odds with close advisers, even after seeking their advice, as was evident during their 2016 presidential campaign, in which their use of social media sometimes ruffled feathers in both the Republican and Democratic parties.
"It's my voice,'' Trump said of their Twitter use, according to an article published Tuesday in The New York Times Magazine. "They want to take away my voice. They're not going to take away my social media."
Trump hired their outside counsel after the investigation into allegations of Russian interference in the 2016 US presidential election began. Nearly two months after Trump hired their legal team, it is having difficulty keeping up with its client, who habitually strays from legal norms and candidly voices their thoughts on Twitter, The Post said, citing six people familiar with the matter.
Specifically, infighting between Trump's and Jared Kushner's legal counsel was also said to be brewing inside the White House, according to The Post.
Kushner, Trump's son-in-law and senior adviser, is also a central figure in the ongoing Russian investigation. After reports that they attempted to establish a back-channel line of communication with Russia, they further became a target of scrutiny this week when Donald Trump Jr. acknowledged having participated in a meeting with a Russian lawyer in 2016 on the premise that they would receive information damaging to Hillary Clinton. Kushner was present at the meeting.
The atmosphere has become so toxic that staff members have been distrustful of one another, especially after news of Trump Jr.'s meeting surfaced. For instance, Marc Kasowitz, the head of Trump's private legal team, was irritated at Kushner's "whispering in the president's ear" about stories on the Russia investigation without telling the lawyers, The New York Times reported this week.
But not all of Trump's legal team characterized the atmosphere inside the White House in negative terms. "The legal teams have worked together smoothly and professionally from the start," said Michael Bowe, a member of the legal team.
"Stuff is moving fast and furious," one source familiar with the legal teams told The Post. "The tensions are just the tensions that would normally exist between two groups of lawyers starting to work together and struggling with facts that we don't all know yet."
Photo
One consequence of our elders' extended lifespans is that we half expect them to keep chugging along forever. My father, a busy yoga practitioner and blackjack player, celebrated their 90th birthday in September in reasonably good health.
So when I had the sad task of letting people know that Murray Span died on Dec. 8, after just a few days' illness, the primary response was disbelief. “No! I just talked to them Tuesday! They were fine!”
And they are. We'd gone out for lunch on Saturday, our usual routine, and they demolished a whole stack of blueberry pancakes.
But on Wednesday, they called to say they had bad abdominal pain and had hardly slept. The nurses at their facility were on the case; their geriatrician prescribed a clear liquid diet.
Like many in their generation, my dad tended towards stoicism. When they said, the following morning, “the pain is terrible,” that meant agony. I drove over.
Their doctor shared our preference for conservative treatment. For patients at advanced ages, hospitals and emergency rooms can become perilous places. My dad had come through a July heart attack in good shape, but they had also signed a do-not-resuscitate order. They saw evidence all around them that eventually the body fails and life can become a torturous series of health crises and hospitalizations from which one never truly rebounds.
So over the next two days we tried to relieve their pain at home. They had abdominal x-rays that showed some kind of obstruction. They tried laxatives and enemas and Tylenol, to no effect. They couldn't sleep.
On Friday, we agreed to go to the emergency room for a CT scan. Maybe, I thought, there's a simple fix, even for a 90-year-old with diabetes and heart disease. But I carried their advance directives in my bag, because you never know.
When it is someone else's narrative, it's easier to see where things go off the rails, where a loving family authorizes procedures whose risks outweigh their benefits.
But when it's your father groaning on the gurney, the conveyor belt of contemporary medicine can sweep you along, one incremental decision at a time.
All I wanted was for them to stop hurting, so it seemed reasonable to permit an IV for hydration and pain relief and a thin oxygen tube tucked beneath their nose.
Then, after Dad drank the first of two big containers of contrast liquid needed for their scan, their breathing grew phlegmy and labored. Their geriatrician arrived and urged the insertion of a nasogastric tube to suck out all the liquid Dad had just downed.
Their blood oxygen levels dropped, so there were soon two doctors and two nurses suctioning their throat until they gagged and fastening an oxygen mask over their nose and mouth.
At one point, I looked at my poor father, still in pain despite all the apparatus, and thought, “This is what suffering looks like.” I despaired, convinced I had failed in my most basic responsibility.
“I'm just so tired,” Dad told me, more than once. “There are too many things going wrong.”
Let me abridge this long story. The scan showed evidence of a perforation of some sort, among other abnormalities. A chest X-ray indicated pneumonia in both lungs. I spoke with Dad's doctor, with the E.R. doc, with a friend who is a prominent geriatrician.
These are always profound decisions, and I'm sure that, given the number of unknowns, other people might have made other choices. Fortunately, I didn't have to decide; I could ask my still-lucid father.
I leaned close to their good ear, the one with the hearing aid, and told them about the pneumonia, about the second CT scan the radiologist wanted, about antibiotics. “Or, we can stop all this and go home and call hospice,” I said.
They had seen my daughter earlier that day (and asked them about the hockey strike), and my sister and their son were en route. The important hands had been clasped, or soon would be.
They knew what hospice meant; its nurses and aides helped us care for my mother as they died. “Call hospice,” they said. We tiffed a bit about whether to have hospice care in their apartment or mine. I told their doctors we wanted comfort care only.
As in a film run backwards, the tubes came out, the oxygen mask came off. Then we settled in for a night in a hospital room while I called hospices — and a handyman to move the furniture out of my dining room, so I could install their hospital bed there.
In between, I assured my father that I was there, that we were taking care of him, that they didn't have to worry. For the first few hours after the morphine began, finally seeming to ease their pain, they could respond, “OK.” Then, they couldn't.
The next morning, as I awaited the hospital case manager to arrange the hospice transfer, my father stopped breathing.
We held their funeral at the South Jersey synagogue where he'd had their belated bar mitzvah at age 88, and buried them next to my mother in a small Jewish cemetery in the countryside. I'd written a fair amount about them here, so I thought readers might want to know.
We weren't ready, if anyone ever really is, but in our sorrow, my sister and I recite this mantra: 90 good years, four bad days. That's a ratio any of us might choose.
MIAMI -- LeBron James says they will reach out to Derrick Rose to personally welcome them back following their yearlong layoff before the Miami Heat face the Chicago Bulls in Tuesday's regular-season opener.
Asked about the prospects of facing Rose, James said after Sunday's practice that it won't be difficult to set aside their competitive nature to take a moment and appreciate how the Bulls' star guard has handled their recovery from 2012 knee surgery that forced them to miss all of last season.
James said they especially admire Rose for not giving in to any outside pressure to return during last season's playoff run. After upsetting the Heat in Miami with a Game 1 victory, the short-handed Bulls lost four straight to James and the Heat and were eliminated in the second round.
"I'm happy and thrilled that he's back," James said as the Heat prepared to open defense of their second straight NBA championship. "I'm happy with what they did last year, to be able to stand strong throughout everything, throughout all of the adversity of everybody criticizing them about what they should do. They did what was best for him."
The Heat spent the bulk of Sunday's workout focusing on conditioning and closed the session with a scrimmage. The team will lock in on their specific preparation for the Bulls when they resume practice on Monday.
But Miami's players and coaches have taken notice of how impressive Rose has looked during the Bulls' 8-0 run through the preseason. Rose sat out of one game to deal with soreness in their surgically repaired left knee but has averaged 20.7 points, 5.0 assists and 3.3 rebounds in 27.4 minutes over seven games.
One surprising element of Rose's game has been their improved touch from 3-point range, where they shot 44.4 percent in the preseason.
With Rose back, the Bulls are expected to present one of the stiffest challenges to Miami's quest to become only the fourth franchise in league history to win three consecutive titles. The Heat know how difficult the Bulls can be when Rose is healthy and on top of their game.
For the first time ever, the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints has assembled some of its most treasured historical documents into a single exhibit and is inviting the public to view them.
Starting on Thursday (Sept. 4), 26 books, manuscripts and other papers that date from before the faith's founding in 1830 — including a manuscript page from the original Book of Mormon, a first edition of the Doctrine and Covenants and the handwritten minutes from the 1842 founding of the women's Relief Society — will be on display at the LDS Church History Library in downtown Salt Lake City.
These artifacts go “to the roots of our foundational faith,” LDS Church Historian and Recorder Steven E. Snow said at a news conference Wednesday. “These four cases hold our most precious documents.”
Taken together, the documents are worth several million dollars, Snow said, so church officials waited to showcase them until their safety could be secured.
“This exhibit is not intended to silence critics” of Mormon history, Snow said. “But members will find it faith-promoting.”
It comes at a time when LDS officials have worked for more transparency about their faith's past, making more documents available online, publishing scholarly essays about controversial episodes and opening archives to outside researchers.
The items tell individual stories, said Richard E. Turley, assistant church historian and recorder, “but they also collectively tell a story that is greater than the sum of the parts.”
A page from the original Book of Mormon — which Latter-day Saints believe founder Joseph Smith translated from an ancient record — is, Turley said, “the single most valuable manuscript because of its importance to the church.”
It is written with “one endless flow,” as Smith dictated it to scribes, the historian said, without breaks for paragraphs, or, as in the modern version, verses.
Compare that with Smith's first personal journal entry Nov. 27, 1832, which is another item in the collection.
Smith clearly wrote a sentence, scratched it out, started again and, not liking anything they penned, concluded the entry by jotting down “praying to God for help,” Turley said.
Smith's dictation of the Book of Mormon manuscript in a single draft, which they completed in 60 to 90 days, “was nothing short of marvelous,” Turley said.
“To Latter-day Saints,” they said, “it means the first manuscript, the Book of Mormon, is something created by the gift and power of God.”
Other items in the exhibit include:
* A Book of Commandments, an early collection of Smith's “revelations” that belonged to early convert and eventual church President Wilford Woodruff — who, by the way, used to spell their first name with two “l's” — and it carries their signature. Only 29 copies exist.
* A handwritten letter dictated by Smith to church members from Missouri's Liberty Jail, where they and others were imprisoned. Portions of the letter became part of the Mormon canon's Doctrine and Covenants.
* A copy of early LDS apostle Parley P. Pratt's “Voice of Warning” pamphlet, described by Turley as the “most important of all Mormon missionary tracts of the 19th century.”
* A tiny hymnal compiled by Smith's wife, Emma. It includes only lyrics, no melodies.
* Minutes of other LDS organizations launched by Mormon women — the Young Ladies' Retrenchment Association (forerunner of today's Young Women organization for girls ages 12 to 17) and the Primary (for children under 12).
These organizations gave LDS women “an incredible place in the church,” said Jenny Reeder, women's history specialist for the LDS Church History Department.
Seeing these minutes, Reeder said, “should give modern Mormon women an understanding of their history and the autonomy of women at the time.”
The exhibit will be open during the library's regular hours and is slated to be up for at least five years.
(Peggy Fletcher Stack writes for The Salt Lake Tribune.)
Copyright: For copyright information, please check with the distributor of this item, Religion News Service LLC.
A casino on Front St. in the heart of downtown Toronto is the latest proposal spawned by the Ontario government's bid to boost gambling profits. Oxford Properties Group is incorporating a possible casino-entertainment complex into discussions of a major redevelopment of its part of the Metro Toronto Convention Centre and surrounding properties, the Star has learned. Two independent sources confirmed the talks, but portrayed Oxford, owned by pension giant OMERS, as joining in the casino discussions with less zeal than others such as MGM Resorts and Caesar's Entertainment. “The feeling at Oxford is, this potential plum is out there and we can't just ignore it,” said a source who has been part of discussions on the redevelopment. The plan, they said, includes retail, office space, condominiums and — pending agreement from city council to host a casino, and an Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corp. procurement process to select a builder and operator — gambling on one floor that could jut out over adjacent rail lands.
Article Continued Below
Since late June, the Star has asked four Oxford executives to confirm or deny that discussions are taking place about a casino. All have refused. “We have no comment on that right now,” Blake Hutcheson, Oxford president and chief executive, said Thursday. Oxford's purchase last year of part of the convention centre gives the company control of “nearly a mile” of Front St., Hutcheson told Property Biz Canada in March. “We are very optimistic that, over time, that we can make this whole site spectacular, and it can involve more retail, it can involve more residential density,” they were quoted as saying.
Ontario Finance Minister Dwight Duncan announced in May that the province hopes to boost sagging gambling revenues with new privately run facilities in 29 “gaming zones,” including the GTA. Both Duncan and OLG chair Paul Godfrey aggressively touted the potential benefits of a landmark casino-entertainment complex on Toronto's waterfront, but say nothing will be built without city council approving the idea. The sources could not say if Oxford Properties was among the companies that submitted a “Request for Information” to OLG by July 4. The province wants to see potential casino proposals, builders and operators. Oxford could wait and, if a Toronto casino looks likely, offer to partner with one of the gambling giants. City-owned Exhibition Place is a leading potential location — MGM Resorts is proposing a multi-billion-dollar entertainment complex there — along with Woodbine racetrack, the Port Lands and Downsview Park.
Article Continued Below
Councillor Adam Vaughan, a fierce critic of casinos, savaged the idea of putting one in the convention centre in their ward. “Putting a casino this close to the cultural, high-tech and financial centre of the city would be an absolutely stupid proposal, a stupid idea, and would damage the sectors that are the strongest parts of Toronto's economy. “I wholeheartedly hope that everyone comes to their senses and rejects a casino outright at council in the fall.” David Mirvish, the impresario whose Toronto theatres include two on King St., a block north of Front St., also condemned the casino talk in an email to the Star. “Large casino complexes come with their own subsidized theatre and vacuum up all the entertainment dollars,” they wrote. “They build 1,600-room hotels and cripple the local hotels. They send all their profits to foreign shareholders. “I do not believe that it will bring new business to the city, but will live off the 12 per cent of the local population who will be their prey.”
Things that seem too good to be true usually are, and so it is with the LCS. By Jacob Marx and William D. Hartung
It is more important than ever that the Department of Defense spend taxpayer money wisely as the United States economy struggles and the Pentagon budget comes down from its post-World War II peak. This is particularly true for the Navy, which many strategists see assuming an expanded role in protecting U.S. global economic and security interests. Though the optimal scope of the Navy's mission is up for debate, it's clear that U.S. leaders envision diverse objectives requiring diverse maritime capabilities. What should be equally clear is that there is no need for the littoral combat ship.
On paper, the Littoral Combat Ship, or LCS, is the high tech, multipurpose answer to the Navy's 21st Century needs. It is supposed to be fast, maneuverable and able to operate in shallow water. And it is built to adapt to different tasks through a system of exchangeable weapons and equipment, known as “mission packages.” The Navy asserts that an LCS should be able to sail into port and head back to sea in 96 hours, refitted with a completely new payload. This would have allowed the LCS to replace a slew of small and medium warships, 56 at last count. Most importantly, at a projected price tag of $450 million for one sea frame and three mission packages, it appeared to offer three ships for the price of one.
Things that seem too good to be true usually are, and so it is with the LCS. Designing a weapons system for a dozen missions makes it good at none of them. Such inherently flawed requirements balloon costs, in this case to a staggering $780 million for one sea frame with two mission packages. This, for a ship that is too big to be a corvette (usually costing around $200 million each), too lightly armed or armored to be a destroyer (costing around $1 billion each) and too overweight to be upgraded through a full service life. And in one war game the LCS's mission packages took several weeks to exchange due to the time it took to get all of the appropriate equipment and personnel to the dock. The full extent of the problems with the LCS remains unknown. With 11 years gone and six ships built, the Navy has still not conducted formal testing for the ability to operate in rough water, withstand an explosive shock or for total ship survivability.
How did this happen? There are three main reasons.
First, DOD issued contracts with unworkable and often conflicting requirements. There is simply no need to have a ship the size of the LCS that can do 40 knots. Traveling at that speed takes too much fuel, makes the ship no safer from missiles or torpedoes and creates weight and balance problems. And while commonality of parts could in theory make it easier to train crews and repair damage to LCS, the Navy itself undercut that rationale in 2007 when it decided to buy two different ships with different designs, yet both dubbed LCS.
The second reason the LCS shipbuilding program has gone so far off course is inadequate oversight. Congress should include a requirement that all major capabilities of a ship are adequately tested before it goes into full-scale production, and that contractors bear a larger burden of the financial risk if the systems don't work.
Finally, the common defense industry practice of putting in unrealistically low bids as a way to win a major government contract must end. If the Defense Department would more rigorously scrutinize those initial bids, it would be easier for Congress and the public to decide whether the weapon is worth the cost.
In February, Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel cut the planned LCS purchase from 52 to 32 ships and authorized the Navy to identify more “capable and lethal small surface combatant” alternatives. The results of that report, which Hagel intended to deliver to Congress before the August recess, remain embargoed at the Pentagon.
Real oversight of the LCS is long overdue. It's time to acknowledge that those ships are a detriment to naval readiness and a bad deal for American taxpayers.
Jacob Marx is a research associate at the Center for International Policy and the author of a new issue brief on the LCS. William D. Hartung is the director of the center's Arms and Security Project.
Once you've cleared the $25k or so in your budget that it will take to snag one of Sony's 4K VPL-VW1000ES your next problem will be finding some 4096x2160 res content to view on it. While showing off the new beamer for its Japanese audience at CEATEC today, Sony announced the PS3 will get a firmware update around the beginning of 2012 that will allow it to natively output 4K stills. There's a PlayView "visual magazine" already available on the PlayStation store in Japan that supports 4K and 3D, but this update will bring super high res viewing of your vacation pics, or any other high res image files you can snag, to the living room. While your friends will no doubt be impressed by the museum-quality art gala you're now capable of hosting, we're starting the timer for 4K video sources -- if we don't hear anything concrete at CES then we'll be incredibly disappointed.
Rate This
Earlier this month when I was down at Universal Studios Florida for the "Transformers The Ride - 3D" press event, a longtime Universal cast member pulled me aside and suggested that -- as part of that trip -- I make an effort to swing by that theme park's International Food & Film Festival restaurant and get one last look at the place.
Photo by Jim Hill
For those of you don't remember: The IFF was that quick service restaurant at USF which was located between the Animal Actors on Location arena and The Simpsons Ride.Where Universal Orlando visitors had the option of ordering pasta, burgers and (back in the day) chinese food.
Photo by Jim Hill
So over the course of that November 1st "Transformers" press event, I did step away for a few moments and grab a few quick shots of this restaurant. And I'm so glad that I did. Given that -- when I returned to Universal Studios Florida yesterday -- the International Food & Film Festival was locked up tight & its outdoor menu board had been pulled down.
Photo by Jim Hill
And in place of that menu board was a sign which read that this restaurant was "Closed for Production."
Photo by Jim Hill
"What sort of production?," you ask. Well, to be honest, that seems to have a lot to do with what's located right next door to the International Food & Film Festival. To be specific the Kwik-E Mart ...
Photo by Jim Hill
and The Simpsons Ride.
You see, over the past six months, this part of Universal Studios Florida has been undergoing something of a transformation. With all of those carny games which used to be located in Amity outside of "Jaws The Ride" ...
... being shifted over to the Simpsons side of Universal Studios Lagoon. Where all of these classic games-of-chance were then Simpson-ized.
Photo by Jim Hill
Well, according to Universal Orlando insiders, The Simpsons will have a significantly larger presence in this theme park come the Spring of 2013. According to permits that UOR officials filed with the Orange County Comptroller's office back on August 31, Building 72 (i.e. the sprawling USF structure which houses the Kwik-E Mart, the International Food & Film Festival as well as the restrooms for the Animal Actors on Location area) will be partially demolished.
Now what's kind of interesting is that -- in addition to this previously announced demolition work -- Universal has just thrown some construction walls up around the Court of Flags that's located in front of The Simpsons Ride ...
Photo by Jim Hill
... as well around some of the decorative flower beds that are located near one of the exits of this simulator attraction.
Photo by Jim Hill
"So what's really going on here?," you query. Well, the folks at Universal Studios Orlando are notoriously close-mouthed (Let's remember that these are the same people who had the "Transformers The Ride - 3D" construction site going 24/7 for six months with two enormous cranes looming over this part of this theme park moving massive pieces of steel before they then admitted that this Universal Studios Singapore & Universal Studios Hollywood attraction was actually come to USF). But the current scuttlebutt is that the International Food & Film Festival -- as part of its Simpsonization process -- may actually be turned into two separate restaurants. To be specifc, a Krusty Burger as well as a relatively faithful recreation of Homer's favorite watering hole, Moe's.
What's more, there have been persistent rumors that Krustyland may be getting a brand-new attraction. A ferris wheel that would be built down alongside Universal Studios Lagoon.
Photo by Jim Hill
Now I'm not by nature a betting man. But if I had a lot of D'oh to spare, I'd bet you that something really cool -- something that Simpsons fans are just going to love -- is about to built in this corner of Universal Studios Florida.
Your thoughts?
Barth Bracy has devoted their life to their Catholic faith. They spent 15 years in the Philippines as a missionary, where they met their wife, Abbie.
The two got married in 2002. Barth and Abbie Bracy reside in Dayville, Conn., with their four young sons, whom they home-schools throughout the year. Bracy commutes 45 minutes to their job as executive director of Rhode Island Right to Life. They also are a deacon at a local church in Connecticut.
Bracy, 47, says they never imagined the family would have to go without health insurance—or that they would find themselves in a high-stakes lawsuit against the federal government.
‘If You Like Your Plan, You Can Keep It'
On Oct. 25, 2013, Barth received a letter from their insurance company, Anthem Blue Cross/Blue Shield, saying the family's health insurance didn't comply with the Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare. On Dec. 1, 2014, the plan would be canceled.
“We were one of those families who liked their plan and wanted to keep it,” Bracy told The Daily Signal in a telephone interview.
The cost to the Bracy family was $494.31 a month, they say, and it wasn't one of those “junk plans,” either.
Skeptical, Bracy began navigating their state's online Obamacare insurance exchange, Access Health CT. They considered themselves an “educated user” of the system because they had been involved in fighting aspects of Obamacare since 2009 with Rhode Island Right to Life.
Their first priority after receiving their Anthem Blue Cross/Blue Shield cancellation notice was to find a plan that didn't subsidize abortion.
“God is the center of our individual and family lives,” they say of the family's pro-life views.
In a 2009 speech, President Obama promised Congress and the American people: “[U]nder our plan, no federal dollars will be used to fund abortions.”
>>> Read More: Conservatives Decry Obama's Hidden Abortion Coverage
Since a number of plans on the Obamacare exchanges received federal tax credits, it stood to reason that finding one that didn't pay for elective abortions would be possible.
Given their knowledge of what would become the Affordable Care Act, Bracy could have predicted the president's statement would turn out to be a sham. In fact, last fall they did just that.
‘Worse Than We Imagined'
In an Oct. 13 press release for Rhode Island Right to Life, Bracy warned against what they called Obamacare's “mandatory abortion fees.”He was referring to a surcharge of at least one dollar each month that insurers offering abortion coverage must collect from enrollees.
The “fact-checking” media organization Politifact judged Bracy's statement to be only “half true.”
Last week, though, a report by the Government Accountability Office confirmed Bracy's account, revealing that more than 1,000 Obamacare plans cover abortion while remaining eligible for tax subsidies.
>>> Commentary: How Obamacare Forces You to Subsidize Plans That Cover Elective Abortion
The GAO report also found that some insurers failed to collect from policyholders a required separate payment for abortion coverage. That requirement was the government's attempt to keep tax dollars, as Obama promised, from directly funding abortion.
“Every individual or family who enrolls in an Obamacare plan that covers abortion will pay at least one dollar every month that can fund elective abortions,” says Sarah Torre, a policy analyst at The Heritage Foundation who closely follows the issue of Obamacare and abortion.
In examining five states—including Rhode Island and Connecticut—the GAO report found no health insurance options for citizens who object to paying for elective abortions.
“Nobody saw that coming,” Bracy says. “It's become even worse than we imagined.”
They add:
It's the evil genius of the way this law was created that you have people who would be horrified to find out they're writing $12 checks every year that go to funding [other] people's abortions—and that's exactly what the government is doing.
‘Incompetence' or ‘Malice'?
Another problem highlighted by the GAO report—which also studied New Jersey, Vermont and Hawaii—is the lack of transparency on abortion subsidies in insurance plans.
Of 18 insurance issuers interviewed, 11 admitted that customers shopping for plans on state exchanges “do not have access to such information.” A consumer might be able to call an information number or dig through a website to find the answer, the insurers said, but there is no guarantee the consumer will find out before buying a plan.
Bracy, who considers themselves better informed than the average citizen regarding abortion coverage in Obamacare, gives this account of how difficult finding the information can be:
First, they sifted through the “”Summary of Benefits and Coverage” in all three of Connecticut's health insurance options. There, they didn't come across a single piece of information pertaining to abortion coverage or subsidies.
Bracy had to open “Detailed Plan” documents, more than 100 pages long, to find the information they were looking for. They then discovered that Connecticut options don't include a single plan without a subsidy for elective abortion, as highlighted in the GAO report.
>>> Commentary: Forcing Individuals and Taxpayers to Fund Elective Abortion Coverage
In the “Detailed Plan” documents they examined, Bracy says, not once was the term “abortion” used. Instead, buried deep in the files, they found information on “termination of pregnancy.”
“Whether it was incompetence or malice, I can't say … but Obamacare almost didn't pass because of the abortion issue—everyone in the country knows that,” they say.
This is clearly something [the Obama administration] was aware is a great interest to an awful lot of people, so it's one of the things they [insurers] obviously should have made very clear in the ‘Summary of Benefits and Coverage.'
Torre, the Heritage analyst, agrees that Obamacare isn't transparent about the abortion fee:
Obamacare regulations only allow insurers to disclose the existence and amount of the abortion surcharge at the time of enrollment. Those shopping for an abortion-free health plan will have a very difficult time figuring out which plans on the exchange include coverage of elective abortion before they enroll.
Many pro-life Americans call this Obamacare's “secrecy clause,” and they accuse the government of making insurers hide the ball when it comes to coverage of life-terminating procedures.
Not for a Million Dollars
Technically, the Bracys have three options:
Buy a plan on Connecticut's Obamacare exchange and pay only $2 or $3 per month after tax credits, but be forced to subsidize abortions. For anyone devoted to the pro-life cause, Barth says, it's “simply not an option” even if the government offered “one million dollars.” Purchase a plan on the free market with coverage comparable to their current, $494-a-month Blue Cross/Blue Shield insurance and pay upward of $900 per month, which Bracy says is “completely unaffordable for our family.” Go uninsured and pay the government fine.
“Even if it's only one dollar that I have to pay, I just cannot take a dollar out of my pocket and give it to somebody knowing it's going to go to pay for somebody else's abortions,” they say, adding:
That makes me directly complicit in that abortion. I can't do that, even if I weren't a pro-life or Catholic leader, my conscience says you cannot participate in the taking of a human life, period–no matter what.
Bracy isn't only contemplating the risks in going uninsured. Without health insurance for the family as of Dec. 1, they worry that they and their wife could be accused of being bad parents.
Suck It Up—or Sue
Some people tell Bracy to just suck it up. “It's temporary,” they say.
By 2017, Obamacare requires Connecticut and the rest of the states to offer at least one “multi-state plan” that doesn't subsidize abortion.
But that doesn't provide much comfort, Bracy says:
What if that plan doesn't work for you? The government is treating pro-lifers as second-class citizens who don't deserve access to good health care.
In May, Bracy filed suit against the federal and state governments in U.S. District Court in Connecticut, citing the federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act, its equivalent in state law and the free exercise clause of the First Amendment.
They argue that those laws prohibit the government from enforcing Obamacare's individual mandate requiring the Bracys to buy insurance—or withholding benefits under the Affordable Care Act because the Bracys decline to pay the abortion surcharge levied against everyone who picks a plan on the Connecticut exchange.
In the same suit, the Bracys brought a free speech challenge to the “secrecy” provisions of Obamacare that forbid insurers from telling customers upfront whether plans cover abortion and how much they are paying for others' abortions.
>>> Commentary: Don't Buy the Lie That Freedom of Worship Is the Same as Religious Freedom
Every chance they get, Bracy asks others to join them in the fight against the abortion fee, especially encouraging fellow pro-lifers to “not back down.”
“In those five states—Connecticut, Rhode Island, New Jersey, Vermont and Hawaii—the reality is every person with an Obamacare exchange plan is paying for abortions,” Casey Mattox, a lawyer at Alliance Defending Freedom who represents the Bracys, says in an interview with The Daily Signal.
Mattox adds:
It isn't disclosed in your bill, but the insurer is charging you a separate fee and is required by the law to use that amount solely to pay for others' elective abortions. Knowing Americans would be outraged by this, Obamacare's architects required the insurers to hide this truth in your bill. But as terrible as taxpayer-funded abortions are, for citizens in those states the reality is even worse.
‘Ignorance Is Bliss'
“I suppose ignorance is bliss,” Bracy says of the millions of pro-life Americans who potentially don't know that through their health insurance plans, they're paying for abortions.
“What's tragic is that people don't know because they're being lied to,” they say.
Mattox says the government is required to issue a response to the Bracys by Oct. 13, just before Obamacare open enrollment for 2015 begins in November.
“It is our hope that the state and federal governments will stop punishing pro-life families for their refusal to pay for others' abortions and give them an opportunity to obtain health insurance without compromising their convictions,” the family's lawyer says, adding:
For most Americans, paychecks determine living standards. Unfortunately, wages in America have long stagnated or declined for most working people, including college graduates.
The disappointing employment report for August — in which wage growth showed no sign of accelerating — only drove home that reality.
Worse, flat or falling pay is self-reinforcing because it dampens demand and, by extension, economic growth. In the current recovery, median wages have fallen by 3 percent, after adjusting for inflation, while annual economic growth has peaked at around 2.5 percent. At that pace, growth isn't able to fully repair the damage from the recession that preceded the recovery. The result is a continuation of the pre-recession dynamic where income flows to the top of the economic ladder, while languishing for everyone else.
policymakers should be focused on strategies to raise wages, but the opposite appears to be happening. Just as Congress enfeebled the economy by switching too soon from stimulus spending to budget cuts, Federal Reserve officials have all but vowed to begin raising interest rates this year. That move reflects a belief that the economy is returning to “normal,” but it would be premature, because today's norm is an economy that is incapable of generating and sustaining broad prosperity.
I live on the edge of Seattle and love it here. It's not perfect, but it's safer than most places I've traveled to in America as an American with a permanent tan. A place not just for me but my children as well. I'm not saying this city is perfect, we have our share of random shootings, and people that think I should go back to Mexico even though I was born in Oceanside, Ca. Nor are all our police free of ignorance as some will arrest you for being an old black man walking with a golf club as a cane, but they don't go after me for marijuana, they go after real crimes, most of the time.
Unbeknownst to my wife, Pete Holmes is the main reason why we moved to the Seattle area seven years ago. When considering where to move to, I remembered something I read while doing marijuana research, Seattle's City Attorney Pete Holmes stated they would not pursue the prosecution of an individual solely based on pot. Not only does this take great foresight but huge balls for a person in this position. This precedent means that it is not worth the police authorities time to look at you for pot which eliminates 80% of the reasons for “probable cause” against people of color.
Seattle is not the capital of Washington, but it's politics influence the rest of the state just as much. Known to be a progressive city, a place with progressive policies, I could never understand why the word progressive is referred to as a bad thing in politics. Don't we all want to move forward with a better quality of life and technology? To live in a better world and not back to where an infection caused by pinprick or the color of your skin could kill you? Don't we all want to move our humanity forward?
Pete Holmes has not only lived up to their word, but he's double down by speaking against the drug war at Seattle Hempfest and believes in consumption lounges. They had this to say in regards to the consumption lounges.
” I think consumption lounges are a great idea as part of the regulated I-502 system. Allowing consumption lounges in Seattle is a social justice issue and harm reduction tool, as well as an avenue to make our marijuana industry a financial success. We can continue to lead the country in marijuana reform and allowing consumption lounges is the way forward. Two years ago I crafted a city ordinance with Former Councilmember Nick Licata that would provide for lounges with electronic devices. The use of electronic devices would be permitted in the city, but we are blocked at the state level as it's a felony to provide a consumption lounge under state law. We cannot move forward with this until we get relief from the state, and I will continue to work with my partners in the legislature to get these regressive laws changed.”
I believe the precedent that Pete Holmes has set by showing a common sense approach to cannabis is the backbone for Washington and many other states legalizing marijuana recreationally thus creating a multi-billion dollar tax generating industry.
As I said Seattle isn't perfect, it has it's share of mishaps, but when someone is being prosecuted, it's most likely justice being served and not because the person was too dark to drive with a joint their car.
If you live in King County, please vote for Pete Holmes, and if you can donate your democracy dollars to their campaign, there is still time. If you live in another state or another part of Washington but have family that lives in King County, please urge them to support Pete Holmes. They have long stood by their words with actions and has proven to be the most important cannabis and social justice lawyer.
Seattle's Race For Mayor
Besides the city's attorney's office up for election, we have a different sort of mayor's race due to the previous mayor stepping down due to a scandal. This year's election has two women competing to be Seattle's first female mayor Jenny Durkan and Cary Moon.
First I would like to say that I support Cary Moon due to their activism and kind heart, they represent Seattle's growing population more than Jenny Durkan's conventional ways do to me.
As a former United States Attorney, Jenny Durkan scares the hell out of me, as one who just does their job even if that means enforcing a bad law in a state that doesn't agree with the law. I am speaking of the case of Lance Gloor vs. The United States of America.
A shim sham of a trial, where the Federal judge passed personal judgment by calling Lance a flim-flam man. The trial was prosecuted by Vince Lombardi, the grandson of the football legend, with zeal as if they caught Al Capone and not a local boy who understood that marijuana is a safer alternative for medicine and recreational use which is a form of medicine in itself.
I reached out to Durkan's Camp via Facebook, and either the fact that I'm a Seattle voter or a cannabis blogger is not significant enough for them to reply is enough to make me not support them You can see the message was seen, but there was never a reply.
Jenny Durkan represents the same old same when it comes to politicians, the fact that they use their sexuality in their ads where they state they were appointed as Obama's first openly gay U.S Attorney, honestly it bothers my sensibilities as they pander to the Seattle social justice warrior. Jenny Durkan represents to me what is wrong with America; a lawyer committed to the status quo hence all their corporate backers.
People just doing their job is how the holocaust happened, it's why thousands of Americans sit behind bars, how American families have been ruined and lives ended in the name of justice, over a plant. If more people stood up for what's right like Pete Holmes has, our America would be a better and more fruitful place.
I encourage you or anybody you know that lives in King County to submit their voting form by November 7th and if you don't have one, get one. Voting for Pete Holmes and Cary Moon is the only sensible thing to do for Washington.
In the United States, we have a population that is no longer recognizable as American in the same way that previous generations were still arguably American. Foreigners have always seen the United States as a place with a weak innate culture, even long before the waves of European and later international immigration began impacting its character.
Probably the largest change is the decline in strong Christian belief, even among those who profess to Christianity. Many of the core teachings of the Bible, especially those around gender, have been either downplayed or are actively denigrated. The same goes for the established churches, which have tended to follow along with the Protestants in innovating religious doctrine and general practice.
Furthermore, there is wide agreement, apart from in some parts of the conservative tradition, that the American founders were evil people and that their ideas were flawed, if not actively wicked. Whether or not the founders were good or bad, right or wrong, is less relevant than the general abandonment of the personality cults that characterized the American character. The maintenance of those history cults is now decidedly a niche pursuit — a lucrative niche, but not a defining one.
From this comes the search for new ‘identities' to use to define the inchoate masses of American citizens. They can be categorized by colors, beliefs, or affinities for different kinds of popular culture, but it is hard to speak of a single tribal category to which they all belong. They are people with citizen papers, but they are not citizens of anything resembling a coherent nation. To the extent that a minority of people engages within the political process, it's rarely out of a sense that that political process embodies anything sacrosanct — the branches of government are political utilities, rather than inviolable structures of a legal order.
Even most plumb-line New Deal supporters, like your grandparents probably were, would not recognize the youngest generation as American in the sense that they saw the term, without even considering matters of race. Apart from a small number of fast urban women from the 1920s, or members of the bottom-lower-class, it would be hard for them to recognize the life patterns of today's youth as anything that would be acceptable to civilized opinion at the time.
Even for the baby boomers, the generation currently enjoying political authority, understanding how greatly the heirs to their revolution differ in their own ways of life, especially in the area of hang-ups around ‘relationships,' is tough for them, because they at least experienced the tail end of the old order, to give them something tangible to react against.
Given that there is such a sharp disconnect in life patterns between these generations, we should expect that the political form of the state should change as sharply as the personal forms of life have, as it has already done over the last few decades.
Is it possible, given a people so profoundly disconnected from one another, even at the family level, to continue to run a coherent state?
Share this: Twitter
Reddit
Email
Facebook
Like this: Like Loading...
The Dual of Doom is set up to be an instant classic. Remember when we thought this dual would never happen? Luckily, Tom Brands and Cael Sanderson made sure this dual could take place this year. If you do not think wrestling matters at the university, you are wrong. Learn more about who made sacrifices at the University to make this dual happen for the fans.
And after all that, we have ourselves a great matchup to talk about!! Who's ready??
Hawkeye fans are currently winning the twitter battle. Did you retweet?
Iowa vs Penn State wrestling RT for Iowa FAV for Penn State #Hawkeyes #PennState pic.twitter.com/cqzrZLamgv — Tony Hager (@hagertony) December 17, 2013
Iowa wrestling fans are known for packing Carver. And not just for one dual to break a record, either, but Iowa wrestling fans are consistently showing up to cheer on the wrestling team. The numbers don't lie, folks. Iowa has the best fans in the nation.
WHO: #1 PENN STATE (1-4)
WHEN: 8:04 PM CST; Saturday, December 21st, 2013
WHERE: Carver Hawkeye Arena (Iowa City, IA)
TV: BIG TEN NETWORK
ONLINE: Hawkeye All-Access ($)
RADIO: AM-800 KXIC (free), Hawkeye All-Access (online; $)
TWITTER: @IowaWRLive, @hagertony, @bhgp
ODDS
SPREAD: PSU -2.5
OVER/UNDER: 34.5
MONEYLINE:PSU -240 IOWA +180
Iowa is 24-0 in December duals under head coach Tom Brands and you can bet they believe that streak will continue. Iowa head coach Tom Brands owns a 6-1 all-time record against Penn State head coach Cael Sanderson. Here the Hawks talk about preparing for Penn State.
Last three meetings:
2011: #8 Iowa 22, at #1 Penn State 13
2012: #2 Iowa, 12, at #3 Penn State 22
2013: #1 Penn State 16, at #3 Iowa 22
Last Meeting:
#3 IOWA 22, #1 PENN STATE 16
125 - #1 Matt McDonough (IA) dec. #2 Nico Megaludis (PSU), 2-1 (TB1)
133 - #2 Tony Ramos (IA) pinned Jordan Conaway (PSU), 4:23
141 - #9 Mark Ballweg (IA) major dec. Bryan Pearsall (PSU), 12-2
149 - #8 Andrew Alton (PSU) major dec. Brody Grothus (IA), 18-8
157 - #1 Derek St. John (IA) dec. #5 Dylan Alton (PSU), 4-3
165 - #2 David Taylor (PSU) tech. fall #13 Nick Moore (IA), 18-2
174 - #6 Mike Evans (IA) dec. #4 Matt Brown (PSU), 4-3
184 - #1 Ed Ruth (PSU) major dec. Grant Gambrall (IA), 21-10
197 - #3 Quentin Wright (PSU) dec. #19 Nathan Burak (IA), 8-3
285 - #6 Bobby Telford (IA) dec. #17 Jon Gingrich (PSU), 9-2
BHGP Probable Lineups:
#3 Iowa Hawkeyes (6-0)
125: #4 Cory Clark (*Fr. 9-0)
133: #3 Tony Ramos (Sr. 8-1)
141: #10 Josh Dziewa Jr. 10-1
149: Michael Kelly (Jr. 9-1)
157: #1 Derek St. John (Sr. 11-0)
165: #4 Nick Moore (Jr. 5-0)
174: #6 Mike Evans (Jr.11-0)
184: #2 Ethen Lofthouse (Sr. 10-0)
197: Sammy Brooks (*Fr. 9-3)
285: #3 Bobby Telford (Jr. 6-0)
#1 Penn State (6-0)
125: #3 Nico Megaludis (JR. 10-1)
133: #15 Jimmy Guilibon (Fr. 4-5)
141: #2 Zane Retherford (Fr. 11-0)
149: Zack Beitz (Fr. 6-4)
157: James Vollrath (Sr. 8-3)
165: #1 David Taylor (Sr. 11-0)
174: #3 Matt Brown (Jr.11-0)
184: #1 Ed Ruth (Sr. 11-0)
197: #3 Morgan Mcintosh (So. 10-0)
285: #12 Jimmy Lawson (Jr. 10-0)
(NOTE FROM ROSS: My picks are coming tomorrow, in my weight-by-weight preview with Ben from BSD.)
125lbs: #4 Cory Clark (*Fr. 9-0) vs #3 Nico Megaludis (JR. 10-1)
Fans need to get Clark's win over Delgado out of their mind. Do it for me now. FORGET IT! Now that we can move on... this is a HUGE matchup for Clark. McD clearly had a knack for beating Megaludis so I expect some great coaching from them and staff this week. This is the stage we need Cory to win on. I think Cory battles throughout the first and second period, but Mega turns it on in the third. Mega always has a full gas tank and you know they will be hungry for a win inside Carver. If Clark is not on their A game, they have a chance to get majored. I hope I am wrong, but Clark just isn't at Mega's level yet.
Megaludis by dec: 0-3 PSU
133lbs: #3 Tony Ramos (Sr. 8-1) vs #15 Jimmy Guilibon (Fr. 4-5)
Ramos loves this stage. They have a 38-0 record at Carver. Pretty damn impressive, eh? Ramos will not disappoint Hawkeye fans Saturday night. Ramos will come out firing on all cylinders to mentally and physically break their opponent. Ramos will be looking for the TECH but can't get it done because of Gulibon's dinosaur arms. I was on the Gulibon train but after seeing some of their matches this year I am off that train.
Ramos by Major Dec: 4-3 Iowa
141lbs: #10 Josh Dziewa Jr. 10-1 vs #2 Zane Retherford (Fr. 11-0)
Dziewa should be fired up from the crowd getting behind them in this match. Every loyal Iowa wrestling fan will be talking about how Retherord just beat Stieber and is the next Dake blah blah. Great win for the kid, but they haven't wrestled inside Carver. Don't expect bonus points from Retherford but they should get the win over Dziewa.
Retherford by dec: 4-6 Penn State
149lbs: Michael Kelly (Jr. 9-1) vs Zack Beitz (Fr. 6-4)
I don't think we will see Alton for this matchup. There are bigger things down the road for Alton than a non-conference dual between Iowa and PSU. I think Cael sits them and starts Beitz. There is also a chance Brody Grothus could wrestle in this matchup, but after the Edinboro dual I think we see Kelly. Whether Cael sends Alton or Beitz out there, Kelly should be able to step up and pull out a late third period victory.
Kelly by dec: 7-6 Iowa
157lbs: #1 Derek St. John (Sr. 11-0) vs James Vollrath (Sr. 8-3)
DSJ is the guy we can count on for a big win, but not so much in the bonus points department. DSJ should have no problem beating Vollrath, but I think the senior Vollrath will slow the match down even further in order to keep this to a decision.
Derek St. John by dec: 10-6 Iowa
165lbs: #4 Nick Moore (Jr. 5-0) vs #1 David Taylor (Sr. 11-0)
Moore is getting better, but he's not on Taylor's level yet. Taylor straight up embarrassed Moore last year at Carver. Don't expect as much of a pounding this time because Moore has improved in all aspects of their wrestling. I think Moore keeps this to a major and Hawk fans let out a sigh of relief.
Taylor maj dec: TIE 10-10
174lbs: #6 Mike Evans (Jr.11-0) vs #3 Matt Brown (Jr.11-0)
Evans feeds off the crowd like Ramos and that's what will help them get this win over Brown. Evans is 20-0 inside Carver and they will need all the help they can get. Brown is strong and physical, but so is Evans. Expect a battle to the end with Evans pulling off a late TD for the win.
Evans by dec: Iowa 13-10
184lbs: #2 Ethen Lofthouse (Sr. 10-0) vs #1 Ed Ruth (Sr. 11-0)
Ruth is the clear favorite in this matchup. They put up big points most of the time, but they won't against Lofthouse this year. Look for Lofthouse to slow the match down.
Ruth by dec: TIE 13-13
197lbs: Sammy Brooks (*Fr. 9-3) vs #3 Morgan Mcintosh (So. 10-0)
The info I am receiving points to Burak not starting against Penn State. That's not a huge deal as we are still learning what Brooks has to offer and this will be their first big test. Most Iowa fans will be nervous to see them out there, but maybe this dual can answer a lot of questions for Hawkeye fans. Will Brooks come alive in this dual? Will they make their case for being the starter at 197 lbs for the Hawkeyes? Will Brands and Co. use a redshirt on Burak if Brooks steps up? This is obviously the biggest test for the redshirt first-year student. Look for Brooks to be in the match going into the third period. McIntosh is a beast, but they have looked vulnerable at times this year. Still, I think their overall size wears down the undersized first-year student and McIntosh gets a few takedowns late to seal the win.
IF Brooks wrestles McIntosh, then what I would like to see happen is have Burak wrestle unattached at Midlands and see which guy comes out on top. If there isn't a big difference between the two competing in a tournament like Midlands then don't burn the redshirt on Burak. Personally at this point, I lean toward using the redshirt on Burak this year and then having Brooks cut down to 184 lbs next season.
McIntosh by dec: PSU 13-16
HWT: #3 Bobby Telford (Jr. 6-0) vs #12 Jimmy Lawson (Jr. 10-0)
Telford is on a mission this year and I don't see them slowing down. Look for bonus point from Telford to give Iowa the victory.
Telford by maj dec: Iowa 17-16
IF everything goes as planned Cael Sanderson will remain winless inside Carver Hawkeye Arena!
P.S.
Here is info from hawkeyesports.com in regards to fans attending the dual.
PARKING INFO: Limited free parking is available in Lot 33 (North Dental Lot), Lot 43 (around Kinnick Stadium), and Lot 65 (formerly Finkbine Commuter). Parking is also available in the nearby Hospital Ramps and Newton Road Parking Ramp at an hourly rate ($1.20/hour), as well as Hancher Commuter lot (free of charge with a continuous shuttle service).
Fans are being asked to participate in this color coded seating chart. Make sure you double-check your ticket stubs and double-check the chart below. Let's pack this Arena Hawkeye fans!
national
The horrific acts of these people will strike fear in the hearts of anyone. Bizarre motives, greed for wealth, mental illness among others have fueled their purpose to commit heinous murders. A look at five such people...
Pic/YouTube
Mallika: Currently serving a life sentence after being convicted of 6 counts of murders, Mallika is considered to be the first female serial killer. They would pretend to be someone well-versed in rituals and befriend women in temples, and later call them to another temple far away in a secluded location. The victims would be requested to show up in their fineries. Mallika would then ask them to consume cyanide-laced holy water or prasad. They would then take off with their valuables. Pic/YouTube
Pic/YouTube
Raman Raghav: Also known as Sindhi Dalwai, Raman Raghav committed several murders in the outskirts of Mumbai in the mid-1960s. Most of their victims were usually pavement and hutment dwellers, who were bludgeoned to death with a blunt object of some sort. After their arrest, they were initially reluctant to divulge any information regarding the killings but later confessed to have committed 41 murders and even gave a detailed account of their modus operandi. They were awarded the death sentence but after being tested by a team of psychiatrists, who found them to be suffering from schizophrenia, Raghav's sentence was reduced to life imprisonment. They died at Sassoon Hospital in 1995. Pic/YouTube
Pic/YouTube
Auto Shankar: In late 1988, nine girls from the Thiruvanmiyur section of Chennai went missing in a period of approximately 6 months. Investigators thought that the girls were sold into prostitution by their respective families, however constant denial by the girls' kin made them probe these disappearances in another way. In December of the same year, a school girl named Subalakshmi complained that an auto rickshaw driver attempted to manhandle and abduct them in front of a local wine shop. The cops went undercover and started working in the wine shop. It's from there that they discovered a man named Shankar behind this crime. Shankar would kindap these girls, kill them, cremate them and drop the ashes in the Bay of Bengal. It was only after their arrest that then they were known to be as Auto Shankar. Pic/YouTube
Pic/YouTube
Thug Behram: Believed to be one of the world's most prolific serial killers, Thug Behram, is said to have committed nearly 931 murders. They would utilise a ceremonial cloth to strangle their victims to death and was active between 1790–1840 in Oudh, northern central India. Behram was the leader of the Thuggee cult, who were notorious for committing a series of murders and robberies. They were executed in 1840 by hanging. Pic/YouTube
Charles Sobhraj: The 'Bikini Killer' Charles Sobhraj, also known as the 'Serpent', due to their cunning and skill at deception, preyed on Western tourists throughout Southeast Asia. A French serial killer of Vietnamese and Indian origin, Sobhraj allegedly committed at least a dozen murders in the 1970s. They were convicted and jailed in India from 1976-97. After their release, they retired as a celebrity in Paris. They returned to Nepal and was arrested and tried there. Sobhraj received a sentence of life imprisonment. Sobhraj enjoyed the attention, charging large amounts of money for interviews and film rights. They have been the subject of four books and three documentaries.
Oil Supply
Our last newsletter showed the enviable energy circumstances in which Canada finds itself. However, for the world as a whole, and the USA in particular, the outlook is far less bright. Here we are looking solely at the supplies of oil, not the impact on climate. Despite limited world supplies, humanity clearly has more than enough carbon rope with which to hang itself.
Whatever supply advantage Canada may have over most countries, it is probable that Canadians will pay world global prices for energy and that we will begin to be subject to world environmental standards.
Consumption of Oil
Before humans began to extract oil from the ground in the late 1800's there may have been between 2.5 and 3.5 trillion barrels globally. We have gone through slightly over half of it with about 1.5 trillion barrels remaining. Although we are always discovering new oil deposits, we are using it faster than we discover it so oil stocks are declining. Output appears to be dropping from the Bakken Shale Oil Basin (North Dakota) which was held out as the poster boy for the fantasy of American energy independence; “Saudi America”. But now the telltale signs of increasing gas-oil ratios and water cuts indicate that even more drilling will soon not be enough to forestall falling output. The US imports half its oil now and will never again be a net exporter.
In the near term, American oil production may increase and thereby keep oil prices low but the relatively low reserves of tight oil and their high cost of production will ensure that oil prices will rise in the not too distant future.
While Supplies Last
Life span by country means the oil they are consuming, not the total amount of oil they produce. Exports and imports are not considered. The USA imports half of its oil consumption which will effectively double the lifespan of its reserves. Saudi Arabia produces 3.9 billion barrels of oil annually, exporting 3 times what it consumes internally. Assuming this level of export continues, the lifespan of its reserves would be 69 years.
From the above table, it is clear that the largest consumers will have to rely increasingly heavily on imported oil. There are fewer and fewer net oil exporters. The USA ceased to be a net oil exporter in the late 1930s. Indonesia became a net importer in 2003, the UK in 2005 and Egypt in 2010. Given dramatically increasing domestic population growth and consumption, some forecasts have Saudi Arabia ceasing its exports by 2035.
The real cost of oil will increase as the proportion of conventional “easy” oil declines and the proportion of fracked, deep water or other non-conventional and more expensive oil increases. As it takes more energy to access the smaller and more difficult oil deposits, the EROI http://sustainablesociety.com/current-issues/243-energy-realities-1-how-energy-is-measured-eroi
Some oil consumption forecasts are based on extrapolations of past consumption rather that the oil that is in the ground. Some forecasts see rising prices and restrictions of carbon emissions reducing oil demand. However, there are several unshakable facts regarding oil:
Oil is irreplaceable for several sectors critical to our society:
Our Needs
Agriculture
Air travel
Heavy transport
Mining
Mineral processing
Military
- Oil supplies are finite
- Oil resources are declining in quality.
- We have already picked the low-hanging fruit.
- The largest oil consumers have very small reserves.
The Clock is Ticking
Assuming oil consumption does not increase, our major reserves will be largely exhausted within 50 years. That means the conversion to renewable energy must be largely complete by then. The lead time required to shift our societies off fossil fuels is at least two generations. If programs to replace fossil fuels with renewables aren't rapidly put in place, we will have insufficient energy to power our societies and this will have very predictable consequences.
An obvious start: - World supplies will not support the current discretionary use of oil for personal transport for many more decades. Example: 50% of US oil consumption is automotive gasoline.
The Age of Oil, which began around the end of WW 1, will not last more than 150 years – a blip on the human civilization time scale. Currently the world gets 33 % of its energy from oil and 2% from solar and wind. By the end of this century, we will have to be using less energy and all of the energy we do use will have to come from renewable sources. We need to plan for as long an overlap as possible so we can wean slowly off fossil fuels and thereby extend the length of time they will be available to us.
In order to make this transition as peaceful as possible, we need to pursue policies of conservation, consumption reduction and population stabilization along with the rapid buildup of renewable energy generating capacity.
For more on energy, please see: http://sustainablesociety.com/economy/energy-the-foundation
Global Energy Sources 2015
Oil - 33%
Coal -29%
Natural Gas -24%
Fossil Fuel Today -86%
Hydro -7%
Nuclear -5%
Wind -1.5%
Solar -0.5%
Sources producing electrical energy should be counted as 2 or 3 times their energy content when being compared to fossil fuel sources because fossil fuels are burned in generators with an efficiency rate between 30% and 50%.
The current price of oil per barrel today (Monday) showed no sign of breaking its downward spiral. Late Monday morning, both benchmarks hit new six-year lows. WTI oil prices dipped as much as 5.1% to $45.90 a barrel. Brent oil prices were even more volatile, dropping 5.9% to $47.18 a barrel.
The long-suffering energy sector caused widespread losses in U.S. markets.
Out of the eight S&P 500 sectors down today, energy (SPNY) slumped 2.3% – the weakest by a considerable margin. That sector has fallen more than 25% since July 2014.
This tumble came after Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (NYSE: GS) and French financial services company Société Générale SA (OTCMKTS ADR: SCGLY) slashed their oil price forecasts for the next two years. In its new report, Goldman lowered its three-month Brent crude forecasts from $80 to $42. It also cut WTI crude from $70 to $41.
The Truth About Oil in 2015: Oil hovers below $50 a barrel, but there are two major reasons why it will rebound this year. These factors are why the most experienced oil industry veterans aren't worried about low oil…
Goldman analysts wrote the current price of oil per barrel has to remain low if investment in shale can be reduced to restore balance to the global market.
"The price forecast cuts by both Goldman and Société Générale reinforce the fears that have driven us down to these levels," Gene McGillian, a senior analyst at Tradition Energy told Bloomberg. "We're hunting for a bottom, but it's anyone's guess where that will be."
But Money Morning Global Energy Strategist Dr. Kent Moors has said long-time oil veterans aren't sweating over oil price drop.
"As the most fluid commodity in the world, crude has the ability to quickly self-correct," said Moors in our oil price outlook for 2015. They said oil is near a bottom and will head up again in 2015.
This is the seventh consecutive week in which the current price of oil per barrel has dropped. Companies concerned that the slump will continue are starting to cut back on drilling. OPEC countries have stated since November that they won't cut production no matter how far prices fall.
But OPEC's stubborn strategy is doomed to fail.
According to Moors, OPEC's decision to maintain production levels is "the opening salvo of a global oil war." Although the cartel's current price cut is impacting the market right now, there's no way it will last long. And investors can profit no matter what OPEC does. Go here for the full details of oil prices in 2015.
Related Articles:
Mumble is an open-source voice communication tool with low latency ideal for gaming. It is an alternative to the non-free TeamSpeak and Skype options. The Ruby gem mumble-ruby provides a library to connect and interact with Mumble as a client. These code snippets demonstrate how to connect and communicate in a chat room and private messages. At the very end, there is a fully functional command line chat client that is ready to use to chat on the DevDungeon.com Mumble server!
For more documentation, see the official GitHub mumble-ruby project. Note that it requires Ruby 2.1.0 or greater and the OPUS codec.
Install Prerequisites
# For Debian based distributions like Ubuntu/Linux Mint
# I couldn't get it to work on Windows
sudo apt-get install libopus0
sudo apt-get install libopus-dev
# Install the gem
sudo gem install mumble-ruby
Connecting and Disconnecting
require 'mumble-ruby'
# Create a new client with a few configurations
# values to override the defaults
client = Mumble::Client.new('mumble.devdungeon.com') do |conf|
# Avoid spaces in username
conf.username = "DevDungeonNeophyte" # An unregistered name or your registered name
conf.password = "" # Needed if username is registered
end
client.connect
# Wait a couple seconds to establish connection
sleep 2
# Do something with client here...
client.disconnect
Configuring All Clients Globally
To configure all clients globally use the following code. New clients created after this will inherit these new defaults. All of the values used here Are the actual defaults, so these won't change anything. If you did want to change the values though this is how you would do it.
Mumble.configure do |conf|
# Audio configuration
conf.sample_rate = 48000 # Khz
conf.bitrate = 32000 # Kb/sec
# The cert_dir specifies where to look for Certificates
# It will create a subfolder for each user
conf.ssl_cert_opts[:cert_dir] = File.expand_path("./")
conf.ssl_cert_opts[:country_code] = 'US'
conf.ssl_cert_opts[:organization] = 'github.com'
conf.ssl_cert_opts[:organization_unit] = 'Engineering'
end
Join Channel
# Accepts the room name or ID
client.join_channel('The Cellar')
List All Channels
client.channels.each do |channel|
puts channel.inspect
end
List Users
client.users.each do |user|
puts user.inspect
end
Sending Messages
# Text message to user
client.text_user('NanoDano', 'Hello NanoDano from the Ruby bot!')
# Image message to user
client.text_user_img('NanoDano', 'image.png')
# Text message to channel
client.text_channel('The Cellar', 'Hello channel from the Ruby bot!')
# Image message to channel
client.text_channel_img('The Cellar', 'image.png')
Receiving Messages
# This callback needs to be set up BEFORE
# the client.connect. Set it up once and every
# time a message is received it will run
# This handles chat and private messages
client.on_text_message do |message|
puts message.inspect
end
Mute and Deafen
# Mute and unmute output of client
client.me.mute
client.me.mute(false) # unmute
# Silence incoming sound to client
client.me.deafen
client.me.deafen(false) # undeafen
Playing Wav Files (Experimental)
# The WAV file sample rate needs to match client config
client.player.play_file('/home/NanoDano/test.wav')
Recording Audio (Experimental)
client.recorder.start('/home/NanoDano/test.wav')
sleep(2)
client.recorder.stop
Streaming Raw PCM Data
# Start streaming from a FIFO queue of raw PCM data
# Uses Music Player Daemon (MPD)
# MPD can be installed on Debian based distros with
# sudo apt-get install mpd
client.player.stream_named_pipe('/tmp/mpd.fifo')
Keeping Bot Alive
You'll need to add a loop to keep the program alive. CTRL-C can be used to interrupt the program and end execution. You could also create some kind of condition upon which to exit. For example, you could have the bot exit after receiving a specific message.
You can also daemonize the script and run it as a background service. Check out the code for Daemonizing Ruby Scripts.
# Configure and connect the client before this loop
while true
# Just stay online until interrupted
# Do bot things
end
Fully Functional Command Line Chat
This program can be run out-of-the-box, assuming you have installed prerequisites listed at the beginning of the page. You can configure the variables but they will also work with the defaults. It connects to the mumble.devdungeon.com Mumble server where you can chat with other people. I recommend at least customizing your user name. When you run it, it will connect, list all the users and channels, and then join a channel. You will see any incoming private or channel messages in your console, and you can type in messages and press enter to send messages to the channel. Have fun and hope to see you on Mumble!
I ran this with Ruby 2.2 on Linux Mint(Debian) after installing the libopus0 and libopus-dev packages with apt-get. I also had to install the mumble-ruby gem. I used RVM to install the latest version of Ruby. Follow the installation instructions on rvm.io if you've never used it. You can then use rvm install 2.2 and rvm use 2.2 --default. If you run in to problems regarding the 'login shell", edit the Gnome Terminal profile settings to turn on login shell option.
Nelson Mayor Aldo Miccio's failure to pay a $170 speeding ticket has resulted in a conviction against the Nelson City Council.
The mayor clocked the fine last year while they were driving a council car, but said they "misplaced" the notification when it was passed on to them after it was sent to the council.
The details of the ticket, released in yesterday's council meeting agenda, showed Mr Miccio was caught in an 80kmh zone on State Highway 6 on October 10.
Mr Miccio said they thought they would have been going 10kmh over the speed limit.
"I'm not sure but going by the fine, I imagine it would have been [10kmh].
"I wasn't aware I was going over the speed limit, but it can happen. It's unfortunate but I'll try to not do it again."
Mr Miccio said that because the ticket had not been paid on time, a conviction for failure to pay had been entered against the council – though they had now paid the fine which amounted to just under $200 with court costs.
"Because it's a council car, the bill got made out to council ... council passed it on to me, and for one reason or another the bill got misplaced."
They said they still did not know where the ticket was.
They apologised to ratepayers that the council had been convicted, but said the reason that had happened was because a council staff member did not tell police they were the driver, which would have allowed them to pursue them individually.
"The lesson here within the system is that that wasn't done ... in other cases it gets put under other people's names and it becomes a personal matter."
Mr Miccio said they only had one previous speeding ticket from travelling through Timaru several years ago, where they were going about 10kmh over the speed limit.
"I'm a very cautious driver, most people who know me will attest to that ... but it's happened, I've got to take responsibility for it."
But they doubted they were the first mayor to get one in office.
"I don't imagine I have that dubious honour."
Mr Miccio was not at the council meeting where the revelation was met with anger by several councillors, including Eric Davy who said they were "appalled" the private matter had been disclosed.
"It's making a mountain out of nothing, how many people in New Zealand get speed camera tickets?" Mr Davy said they knew "for a fact" Mr Miccio was not the first mayor to get a speeding ticket.
Acting chief executive Richard Johnson said the matter had been entered on the agenda by former chief executive Keith Marshall.
They said the conviction was a "reputational matter" and needed to be explained in the interests of transparency. "People who might be watching these records, they're entitled to know."
Astronomers have used NASA's Chandra X-ray Observatory and the European Space Agency's (ESA's) XMM-Newton to show a supermassive black hole six billion light years from Earth is spinning extremely rapidly. This first direct measurement of the spin of such a distant black hole is an important advance for understanding how black holes grow over time.
Black holes are defined by just two simple characteristics: mass and spin. While astronomers have long been able to measure black hole masses very effectively, determining their spins has been much more difficult.
In the past decade, astronomers have devised ways of estimating spins for black holes at distances greater than several billion light-years away, meaning we see the region around black holes as they were billions of years ago. However, determining the spins of these remote black holes involves several steps that rely on one another.
"We want to be able to cut out the middle man, so to speak, of determining the spins of black holes across the universe," said Rubens Reis of the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, who led a paper describing this result that was published online Wednesday in the journal Nature.
Reis and their colleagues determined the spin of the supermassive black hole that is pulling in surrounding gas, producing an extremely luminous quasar known as RX J1131-1231 (RX J1131 for short). Because of fortuitous alignment, the distortion of space-time by the gravitational field of a giant elliptical galaxy along the line of sight to the quasar acts as a gravitational lens that magnifies the light from the quasar. Gravitational lensing, first predicted by Einstein, offers a rare opportunity to study the innermost region in distant quasars by acting as a natural telescope and magnifying the light from these sources.
"Because of this gravitational lens, we were able to get very detailed information on the X-ray spectrum -- that is, the amount of X-rays seen at different energies -- from RX J1131," said co-author Mark Reynolds also of Michigan. "This in turn allowed us to get a very accurate value for how fast the black hole is spinning."
The X-rays are produced when a swirling accretion disk of gas and dust that surrounds the black hole creates a multimillion-degree cloud, or corona near the black hole. X-rays from this corona reflect off the inner edge of the accretion disk. The strong gravitational forces near the black hole alter the reflected X-ray spectrum. The larger the change in the spectrum, the closer the inner edge of the disk must be to the black hole.
"We estimate that the X-rays are coming from a region in the disk located only about three times the radius of the event horizon, the point of no return for infalling matter," said Jon M. Miller of Michigan, another author on the paper. "The black hole must be spinning extremely rapidly to allow a disk to survive at such a small radius."
For example, a spinning black hole drags space around with it and allows matter to orbit closer to the black hole than is possible for a non-spinning black hole.
By measuring the spin of distant black holes researchers discover important clues about how these objects grow over time. If black holes grow mainly from collisions and mergers between galaxies, they should accumulate material in a stable disk, and the steady supply of new material from the disk should lead to rapidly spinning black holes. In contrast, if black holes grow through many small accretion episodes, they will accumulate material from random directions. Like a merry go round that is pushed both backwards and forwards, this would make the black hole spin more slowly.
The discovery that the black hole in RX J1131 is spinning at over half the speed of light suggests this black hole, observed at a distance of six billion light years, corresponding to an age about 7.7 billion years after the Big Bang, has grown via mergers, rather than pulling material in from different directions.
The ability to measure black hole spin over a large range of cosmic time should make it possible to directly study whether the black hole evolves at about the same rate as its host galaxy. The measurement of the spin of the RX J1131-1231 black hole is a major step along that path and demonstrates a technique for assembling a sample of distant supermassive black holes with current X-ray observatories.
Prior to the announcement of this work, the most distant black holes with direct spin estimates were located 2.5 billion and 4.7 billion light-years away.
NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Ala., manages the Chandra program for NASA's Science Mission Directorate in Washington. The Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory in Cambridge, Mass., controls Chandra's science and flight operations.
For an additional interactive image, podcast, and video on the finding, visit: http://chandra.si.edu
For Chandra images, multimedia and related materials, visit: http://www.nasa.gov/chandra
Non-Catholic pupils disciplined for failing to attend mass at Catholic high An ideological battle has broken out at a New Stevenston school over whether pupils should be made to attend religious services. Taylor High held its Patron Day Mass on Friday with Bishop of Motherwell Joseph Toal in attendance. All pupils were told to be present as it also served as a memorial service for former members of staff who died earlier this year. However, a number of youngsters refused to attend and have been punished with a week of lunchtime detentions. One sixth year student believes it is unfair pupils who are not practicing Catholics should have to sit through mass. They said: "Although pupils are usually forced to go, there is not usually consequences for not being there and I believe it is unfair to have forced religious observance towards many pupils who may not be religious, me included. Read More
In the News Extreme Islam: What makes a British woman turn to Salafism? They're heavily veiled, believe in polygamy and have to follow thousands of rules. Yet increasing numbers of young and educated British women are converting. Independent, 27 November 2016 An extremist in the family Rasheed Benyahia was in a hurry. Like so many young adults going places in Britain today, they needed to get a move on. BBC News, 21 November 2016 British Gymnastics banning Louis Smith is beyond ridiculous When they said that they had only themselves to blame for the death threats and abuse, they epitomised how morally redundant this whole controversy has become. Independent, 2 November 2016 The demonisation of Louis Smith: a de facto blasphemy law The castigation of a British gymnast for 'mocking Islam' is illustrative of a troubling return of blasphemy, argues Stephen Evans. National Secular Society, 11 October 2016 I know that banning the burkini makes no sense As someone who works full-time to promote political secularism, to see what is now happening in France defended in these terms is deeply troubling. Independent, 26 August 2016 Conflating abuse with criticism of Islam risks a return to a UK blasphemy law The BBC and Demos have published an accidental case-study in why we should all stop using the meaningless and sinister word 'Islamophobia'. National Secular Society, 18 August 2016
Offensive fireworks expected at Alamo Bowl
Mike Ciskowski (from left) Dr. David R. Schmidt, and Derrick Fox announce, Sunday Dec. 4, 2011 at Fleming's Prime Steakhouse & Wine Bar, that the University of Washington and Baylor University will play in the 2011 Valero Alamo Bowl on Thursday Dec. 29, 2011 at the Alamodome. less Mike Ciskowski (from left) Dr. David R. Schmidt, and Derrick Fox announce, Sunday Dec. 4, 2011 at Fleming's Prime Steakhouse & Wine Bar, that the University of Washington and Baylor University will play in ... more Photo: EDWARD A. ORNELAS, SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS-NEWS Photo: EDWARD A. ORNELAS, SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS-NEWS Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Offensive fireworks expected at Alamo Bowl 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Washington coach Steve Sarkisian had a friendly word of advice Sunday for Alamodome officials as they prepare for their team's Dec. 29 Valero Alamo Bowl game against Robert Griffin III and Baylor.
“I had a chance to peek at their stats a little,” Sarkisian said. “They might make sure looking at the scoreboards that the light bulbs are right and ready to go because there will be two explosive teams playing. It should make for a great game.”
Baylor ranks sixth nationally in scoring offense, and the Huskies are 36th. That firepower should result in a shootout when the Bears and Huskies meet for the first time since 1965.
It will mark two programs with remarkable transformations in the past several seasons.
Sarkisian inherited an 0-12 program when they took over the Huskies three years ago Sunday. They have directed them to back-to-back bowl berths for the first time since the mid-1990s.
Baylor coach Art Briles has turned around a similarly moribund program with back-to-back bowl berths after the Bears failed to make a bowl appearance from 1995-2009. Griffin, who is expected to be a finalist when the Heisman Trophy is presented Saturday night in New York, has been the catalyst in the transformation.
The star power of the junior quarterback has bowl officials salivating about their national appeal. And for good reason, considering they likely will become the first Heisman finalist to play in the Alamo Bowl since Kansas State's Michael Bishop in 1998.
“He will attract fans who might not be Baylor or Washington fans for our game,” Alamo Bowl president and chief executive officer Derrick Fox said. “Just from a general marketing perspective, people will see what Baylor has done this year with him. We've never had a Heisman Trophy winner, but there's a chance.”
Baylor (9-3) finished with a five-game winning streak and soared to No. 12 in the final BCS polls after their season-ending 48-24 victory over Texas on Saturday.
“It's a great thrill for us as a university and a football team to play there,” Briles said. “With football in San Antonio, I know they (fans) are pretty crazy and hungry for it. We're excited about the opportunity to go down there and play.”
Baylor's late charge and victory over Oklahoma on Nov. 19 propelled it over the Sooners, who were ranked No. 1 in the Associated Press preseason media poll. OU stumbled in an injury-marred finish, losing three of its past six games.
“Baylor beat them head-up at the end of the season and finished the season with a five-game winning streak,” Fox said. “We couldn't go wrong. But we went with Baylor because we felt they were the team that was most deserving this specific year.”
The Huskies (7-5) finished the season with a 38-21 victory over Washington State in the Apple Cup. Before that, Washington had lost four of its previous five games — all by at least 14 points.
Griffin will be looking for some better luck than the last time they played in the Alamodome. As a junior quarterback for Copperas Cove High in 2006, they dropped a 40-28 decision to Alamo Heights in the Class 4A Division I state championship game.
1 Like 159 Views
I started my Gracie Barra journey in September 2014.
I walked into the gym very apprehensively. I was a very heavy guy. I was 30st and 10lb in 2014. I thought I didn't really belong or had the right to go there as I was very unfit and not used to exercising. I would walk up one set of stairs and be out of breath. I could hardly run the length of myself. Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu was always something that I wanted to take part in but always had the mindset of “I need to be fit to do this”. How wrong I was. Taking part in BJJ GETS you fit.
When I walked into the gym one of the blue belt lads showed me around and really made me feel at ease. It calmed me down and made me eager to get started. During the class I was exerting myself like I hadn't been used to before and it was a fantastic feeling. Everyone was really welcoming and my preconceived notions that people would judge me just melted away. The next class I came in and met Ricky and they couldn't have been nicer. I remember at the time I couldn't even wear a gi as I couldn't get one to fit and their words ring in my memory “We'll get you into one in no time!”
As soon as I had my first few classes, I was hooked. All I could think about was when could I get back into the gym and “what techniques are we going to be learning this week?”. I love the rolling aspect of Jiu-Jitsu as I like testing myself with other people and seeing my strengths and weaknesses. I became a Jiu-Jitsu addict.
After my first class I had signed up for a membership and would talk to anyone who would listen to me about Gracie Barra and Jiu-Jitsu. Slowly but surely, I started to get into the swing of things and I attended a seminar with Lucio “Lagarto” Rodrigues and received my first stripe on my white belt. And this may sound cheesy but it was one of the proudest moments I've had. The seminar was fantastic and what made the biggest impression on me that day moreso than their techniques, were their words. Very inspirational and motivating.
I work shifts which is unfortunate as I can't have a set pattern for Jiu-Jitsu. Luckily, the schedule is really wide with Gracie Barra so I can pretty much work it around my shifts. Recently, I also started taking P.T. sessions with coach Graeme and I'm now hooked on those too. Coach Graeme pushes me to my limits, we practice technique and we have a good laugh whilst doing so. It's that kind of attitude and this kind of moments that really keep you interested in Jiu-Jitsu, in my opinion.
Fast forward to May 2015 and I am now 24 st 2lbs. I have three stripes on my
white belt and I am aiming to compete later in the year. My weight loss journey isn't anywhere near complete, but Gracie Barra Jiu Jitsu has helped me lose a lot of weight inside a short amount of time and has helped me turn my life around. A
nd in the process of doing so, I have made a lot of really great friends and met some fantastic people. I even have people asking me about it after seeing my results.
Tommy Kerr
I feel like I have been sitting on this leek bread pudding recipe forever, though it has technically only been six months — the New York Times ran this recipe from Thomas Keller's Ad Hoc at Home last October, when [updated: ahem, I had thought] leeks were decidedly out of season and apparently, I'm really becoming someone who really digs their heels in about these sorts of things. I imagine how much better something will taste in season, how much better it will look, how much more excited I'll be when I “score” the thing I've been longing six months for and say “aargh, fine! I'll wait.” And wait I did. (Jacob, too, was patient but mostly because they were just a little lump back then.)
Nevertheless, despite my initial grumbling that I was bereft of my favorite spring delights, I've been hauling back armloads from the Greenmarket since, literally as much as I can carry and leeks were finally among last week's haul. (It has also helped that I've discovered the glories of Wednesday — glorious uncluttered, overflowing-stands Wednesdays! — shopping. Wednesday, I'm in love.) For this savory take on bread pudding, the leeks are sliced in pretty, pretty coins then cooked slowly in butter until soft and caramelized enough to bring tears to your eyes. I really get carried away with leeks, I know.
From there, you build a fairly standard savory bread pudding: toasted bread cubes, shredded cheese, herbs and a mix of milk or cream and eggs. If you follow the original recipe, you layer it up in a 9×13-inch baking dish. But I've had this notion for a long time that I would love a savory bread pudding in a loaf pan, sliced like the “bread” it once came from, and I'm glad I finally auditioned it because this here is a fun and adaptable way to eat it. For breakfast, you can toss some bacon or hash browns on top. You can even fry an egg on top, I know it is redundant because there are eggs inside but I won't tell anyone, drippy yolks are important to people like me. For lunch, you can eat your slice with a pile of lightly dressed greens and a slip of proscuitto. For dinner — and what a wonderful thing this would be to bring to a dinner party, or serve at Thanksgiving or another big holiday meal — you put it alongside or underneath your roast. You let it get muddled with the sauces and juices on the plate. It only gets better, I promise. It was worth the wait. One year ago: Ranch Rugelach (Cinnamon Buns get the rugelach treatment; we all win)
Two years ago: Jim Lahey's Pizza Bianca and Brownie Roll-Out Cookies (one of my favorite cookies on earth)
Three years ago: Chicken Empanada with Chicken and Chorizo (hands down, the best empanadas I've ever eaten, anywhere)
Leek Bread Pudding
Adapted from Ad Hoc at Home
I actually had a chance to go to Ad Hoc shortly after it opened when I was out in San Francisco a couple years ago and I loved it. That kind of stepped-up home cooking speaks to me, as I have a hard time summoning the effort to make something unless it's going to taste a little better than we might expect from the dish. This recipe perfectly embodies this: caramelized leeks, layered with toasted bread, cheese and custard that could be breakfast, lunch or dinner. It's my kind of dish.
The flavors here are pretty subtle, but they work. Nonetheless, there's definitely potential to increase the amount of leeks you use and increase the amount of cheese. You might also add another sautéed vegetables or some sharp parmesan as well. This is a flexible recipe.
Makes one loaf. Double the recipe to fit in a 9×13 baking dish.
Serves 6 as a side dish
1 cup leeks in 1/2-inch thick slices, white and light green parts only, cleaned and rinsed
Kosher or coarse salt
2 tablespoons (1 ounce) unsalted butter
Freshly ground black pepper
6 cups 1-inch-cubed crustless brioche or Pullman loaf (I used a little less than one loaf)
2 teaspoons finely chopped chives (I forgot to buy these; it made me sad)
1/2 teaspoons fresh thyme leaves
1 large egg
1 large egg yolk
3 cups whole milk, heavy cream or half-and-half or a combination thereof
Freshly grated nutmeg
1/2 cup shredded Comté, Emmanthaler or Swiss cheese
Place a medium sauté pan over medium-high heat, drain excess water from leeks, and add to pan. Season with salt, and sauté until leeks begin to soften, about 5 minutes, then reduce heat to medium-low. Stir in butter. Cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until leeks are very soft, about 20 minutes. Adjust salt and pepper to taste.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. While leeks are cooking, spread bread cubes on a baking sheet and bake until dry and pale gold, about 15 to 20 minutes (my already-stale brioche took less time to brown), turning pan about halfway through. Transfer to a large bowl, leaving the oven on.
Add leeks, chives and thyme to the bowl of bread; toss well. In another large bowl, lightly whisk the egg and egg yolks, then whisk in milk or cream, a generous pinch of salt, pepper to taste and a pinch of nutmeg.
Sprinkle 2 tablespoons shredded cheese in bottom of a buttered 9-by-5-inch loaf pan. Spread 1/2 of bread mixture in pan, and sprinkle with another 2 tablespoons cheese. Spread remaining bread mixture in pan, and sprinkle with another 1/4 cup cheese. Pour in enough milk mixture to cover bread, and gently press on bread so milk soaks in. Let rest 15 minutes.
Add remaining milk mixture, letting some bread cubes protrude. Sprinkle with salt. Bake until pudding is set and top is brown and bubbling, about 55 to 65 minutes. Serve hot or cold (because I'm weird and enjoy bread pudding cold).
By FIONA MACRAE
Last updated at 00:02 07 March 2008
Drug company bosses concealed information about the dangers of the anti-depressant Seroxat for five years while it was still being prescribed to children - yet they will escape prosecution over the cover-up.
Documents released yesterday as part of a four-year criminal investigation into GlaxoSmithKline show that the pharmaceutical giant had evidence that the drug didn't work in children as early as 1998.
There were also suggestions the firm was aware of possible links to attempted suicides and suicidal thoughts.
But Glaxo did not alert Britain's drugs' watchdog to the problem until 2003, when the suicide link had become clear. The move led to an almost immediate ban on their use in under-18s.
Since it was first prescribed in Britain in 1990, the tablet, which makes GSK £1billion a year, has been associated with at least 50 suicides - both adult and child - in the UK alone.
Yesterday, the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency hit out at Glaxo for withholding the information, and ministers promised to tighten the law.
But the watchdog came under fire itself over the failure to bring criminal proceedings against the firm for the cover up.
Ministers and officials insisted a prosecution was not realistically possible under the law as it stood at the time.
MHRA chief executive Professor Kent Woods said: "I remain concerned that GSK could and should have reported this information earlier than they did.
"All companies have a responsibility to patients and should report any adverse data signals to us as soon as they receive them."
They said that although the law on disclosure of clinical data had been tightened in recent years, it would now be strengthened again.
In a letter to Glaxo, Professor Woods said: "Such a course of action should be unnecessary in an industry which relies so heavily on public trust and aspires to high ethical standards.
"I would have thought it self-evident that such information should be made available promptly to the regulator in order that action can be taken to public health."
They added that Glaxo would not be prosecuted, as there was no realistic chance of a conviction under the legislation in place at the time.
However, the criticism may boost the case of British patients privately suing Glaxo after reacting badly when they tried to come off Seroxat.
Charles Medawar, of pharmaceutical watchdog Social Audit, said not just Glaxo but also the MHRA had "a great deal to apologise for".
They said: "They say the decision not to prosecute was decided by the inadequacy of the law.
"My reaction is that before launching a million-pound investigation it might have been a good suggestion to check what the law actually says."
Accusing the MHRA of a 'naive and absurd' level of trust in drug companies, they said: "The deviousness companies employ when promoting their drugs and minimising their side-effects is really quite extraordinary."
Health Minister Dawn Primarolo said the Government would take "immediate steps" to strengthen the law, making it clear that drugs firms must disclose any information they had which could have a bearing on public health.
Glaxo denied it had withheld data, saying it "firmly believed" it had acted "properly and responsibly" and safety of its medicines was "paramount".
It said there were no child suicides in any of the safety drug trials it carried out and it was only when the data from all nine trials was analysed together that any link with suicide emerged.
A spokesperson added that Seroxat has never been licensed for use in under-18s in the UK and labelling stated that it was not recommended for children.
However, Seroxat, which is also known as paroxetine, was taken by an estimated 50,000 British children and teenagers before being banned for use in youngsters in 2003. Doctors are allowed to prescribe unlicensed drugs.
Prescribed to children as young as six, it was hailed by doctors as a "wonder drug", capable of helping people overcome shyness.
However, it gradually became clear that the drug, which alters levels of mood-regulating chemicals in the brain, was not all it seemed.
As children taking it began to commit suicide, parents described how their sons and daughters suffered mood swings, nightmares and personality changes.
'It was like giving them a loaded gun'
Jamie Hoole was just 18 when they were prescribed Seroxat for depression. Two months later, they killed himself.
Their mother Jean Bambrough is convinced they would still be alive had it not been for Seroxat.
Miss Bambrough, 47, said: 'It was like prescribing them a loaded gun.
"Jamie was depressed but I strongly believe they wouldn't have done what they did if it wasn't for Seroxat."
The talented pianist and artist was given Seroxat after they lost their self-confidence and started to withdraw from everyday life. Initially, their depression seemed to lift.
Miss Bambrough, a personal assistant who split from Jamie's father 20 years ago, said: "For the first few days, they were smiling and looked happy.
"But that didn't last long. They became very agitated and couldn't sleep. They were having really awful dreams.
"He couldn't keep still and rocked backwards and forwards. They thought they were going mad."
Jamie, a builder, then turned to self-harming, cutting their arms, legs and stomach with a knife.
Not long afterwards, their brother Daniel, then 13, came home from school to find them hanging from a belt in a bedroom of the family home in Northwood, North-West London.
An inquest into their death concluded it may have been "wholly or in part" linked to their use of the drug.
After the inquest in 2003 Miss Bambrough said: "All data on drugs should be made public before they are used on anyone - adults or children."
Another Seroxat patient, Laura Davey, now in their 20s, was put on Seroxat because they were suffering from depression.
But instead of making them better the drug led to them self-harming.
They said: "As soon as I was put on Seroxat I started cutting myself every day. I was sitting in my bedroom with a compass or a knife and I would slit my wrist so there would be blood."
May , 2015 – If this year's Giro d'Italia were a fantasy videogame then the result would be a forgone conclusion: 1. Alberto Contador (Spain), Tinkoff-Saxo; 2. Richie Porte (Australia), Team Sky; 3. Rigoberto Urán (Colombia), Etixx-Quick Step. Barring accidents, that may well be the outcome of the 98th stage race around Italy when it ends in Milan on May 31. But three-week grand tours often have a habit of throwing up shocks—as we saw at last year's Tour de France when hot favorites Contador and Chris Froome both crashed out before they reached the serious mountain stages.
By: John Wilcockson/Photos by Yuzuru Sunada
Among the potential surprises at this Giro, which opens on the Ligurian coast of northwest Italy this weekend, is the coming to age of Italy's best GC hope Fabio Aru of Team Astana; the blossoming of a 25-year-old Russian named Ilnur Zakarin of Team Katusha; and a return to the limelight of one of the Giro's former champions—Ivan Basso of Tinkoff-Saxo, Damiano Cunego of Nippo-Vini Fantini or Ryder Hesjedal of Cannondale-Garmin. While the biggest shock of all would be a below-par performance from Contador.
ARU
Still only 24 years old, Aru already proved last year that he's an able deputy for their team leader Vincenzo Nibali—who is again focusing on the Tour de France. (Interestingly, the two Italian stars both grew up on islands, Nibali on Sicily, Aru in Sardinia, before they moved to the mainland to further their cycling careers.) In Nibali's absence, Aru came in third at the 2014 Giro, a significant 4:04 behind winner Nairo Quintana (who's not defending their title), but only 1:06 behind runner-up Urán. And at the end of the year Aru came in fifth at the Vuelta a España (behind Contador, Froome and Spanish veterans Alejandro Valverde and Joachim Rodriguez), but the young Italian won two of the Vuelta's mountain stages to prove their climbing ability in such lofty company.
Aru has a few drawbacks. Besides their youth compared with Contador, Porte and Urán, their main weakness is their time trialing, which could prove fatal to their victory prospects in the lengthy 59.4-kilometer TT awaiting everyone on stage 14. But an even greater problem could be Aru's lack of racing going into this Giro. They have ridden just two stage races this year, both in March, placing 39th at Paris-Nice and sixth at the Volta a Catalunya, before sickness prevented them riding the mountainous Giro del Trentino (won by Porte) in late-April. Aru's lack of racing will likely work against them in the first week—especially on the lumpy stage 3 to La Spezia next Tuesday, the summit finish at Abetone the next day, and the marathon 264-kilometer stage 7 to Fiuggi on Friday. If they can survive that opening week without losing time, Aru could benefit from their relative freshness in the grueling final week.
ZAKARIN
When race organizer RCS Sport issued a press release Friday that reviewed the complete field of 198 starters, it mentioned 42 riders. Zakarin wasn't listed. On the other hand, as you will see elsewhere on this website, the Paris-based Agence France-Presse makes the upstart Russian one of its five pre-race favorites—while the Internet has already dismissed Zakarin as a doper because of their two-year ban for a steroid positive that ended four years ago.
So who's right?
At last week's Tour de Romandie, Zakarin showed by winning the six-day Swiss stage race and beating the past two Tour de France champions, Vincenzo Nibali and Chris Froome, in the process that the consistent form they have shown through their first UCI WorldTour season might give Contador, Porte and Urán a major headache. But it's worth looking in detail at how Zakarin reached this level, rather than simplifying their zigzag path to prominence.
To the cycling public, Zakarin maybe new, but those who pay more attention to our sport will remember the Giro d'Italia's under-23 version three years ago. It proved a three-way battle between Aru, Zakarin and the then 21-year-old American climber Joe Dombrowski (who's riding for Cannondale-Garmin at the Amgen Tour of California this coming week). The first decisive stage came on the fifth of 10 stages, finishing atop Monte Terminillo, where Dombrowski took over the race lead with a solo win by 50 seconds over Aru, with, yes, Zakarin in third another five seconds back.
The very next day, on a course that went over the infamous white roads of Tuscany, Zakarin made a solo break to win the stage, Aru came home in a 15-strong chase group two minutes back, while Dombrowski flatted on a gravel section and arrived another minute behind. With Zakarin in the overall lead, the race came down to the penultimate stage that finished on top of the Passo di Gávia in the Dolomites. With three minutes to make up, Dombrowski attacked solo at the foot of the final climb and won the stage impressively, 43 seconds ahead of Aru, while Zakarin cracked, reaching the finish in 16th place, 9:40 back. Overall, the American was first, the Italian second and the Russian ninth.
After that defeat in the high mountains, Zakarin knew they had to lose weight and, like Brad Wiggins, who lost 6 kilograms (13 pounds) between their 2008 Olympic gold medals on the track and finishing third at the 2009 Tour de France, the Russian slimmed down by 10 kilos (22 pounds) over the next two years (2013 and '14), while they were riding for the second-tier RusVelo team. Besides a couple of short time trial wins, Zakarin's most significant result was winning last year's Tour d'Azerbaidjan—mainly due to taking second place on the mountaintop finish at Pirqulu in a two-man break with former Tour de France stage winner Linus Gerdemann.
So what about Zakarin's steroids positive? That came back in late 2008. Their ban started in early 2009 and wasn't announced by the Russian federation until July that year. Zakarin, whose hometown is Naberezhnye Chelny in the semi-independent Republic of Tatarstan, 500 miles east of Moscow, was then 19 years old and part of the Russian national squad that trains on the eastern Mediterranean island of Cyprus—where they still live. They were suspended for taking a common steroid pill, Dianabol, which is popular among bodybuilders for increasing muscle strength and is readily available in eastern Europe. Banned for the same drug at the same time was the former Russian women's mountain bike champion Ekaterina Melnikova.
Asked about that doping offense from six years ago, Zakarin said after winning the Tour de Romandie last weekend, “I was young and stupid. Things are different now.” Certainly, their body is very different now, at 6 feet 1½ inches and 147 pounds—about the same as Froome, the two-time Romandie champion who fought hard to win again. But they were beaten into third place by Zakarin and Katusha teammate Simon Spilak—who didn't seem too pleased that they were upstaged by their lanky Russian colleague.
What Zakarin did last weekend—podium finishes on the two hardest stages, one in the mountains, the other a time trial—was racing of the highest quality. Saturday's mountain stage into the Swiss Alps contained four category 1 climbs in its 166 kilometers, including two nasty ascents in the final 30 kilometers: the narrow, 5.1-kilometer, 9.8-percent-grade Petite Forclaz and the 14.2-kilometer, 7-percent climb to the finish at Champex-Lac. Those closing climbs, as challenging as any in a grand tour, were made tougher by heavy rainfall.
That stage to Champex stage was won by French climber Thibaut Pinot, who wasn't a danger for the overall title and who had the benefit of a passing TV moto in their initial attack. Pinot—third at last year's Tour de France—finished seven seconds ahead of a chasing Zakarin, who counterattacked to gain 13 seconds on a small group led by Froome (Urán finished 46 seconds behind Zakarin). Froome was expected to take back that deficit in the 17.3-kilometer time trial and win Romandie again, but on the hilly, technical course through the wet streets of Lausanne it was Zakarin who shone. Despite jamming their chain and changing bikes when they muffed their gear-shift at the top of the second of two cobblestone climbs, they finished third on the stage, only 13 seconds behind world TT champ Tony Martin—and Zakarin would have beaten the German had they not lost an estimated 16 seconds with their bike switch.
So Zakarin is not the “unknown” he's been made out to be, and their performance in the coming three weeks could well show them to be the man their Katusha has been looking for to replace its aging Spanish team leader, Rodriguez, who will be riding the Tour, not the Giro, this year.
HESJEDAL
Few, if any pundits are predicting a podium finish for Cannondale-Garmin's Hesjedal. Of the previous Giro winners (other than Contador), the Canadian has the best chance of another high finish (he was ninth last year). Two-time Giro winner Basso is now one of Contador's three strongest climbing support riders at Tinkoff-Saxo, and Cunego is more interested in attempting to win a stage than shoot for a top-10 overall.
It should be remembered that when Hesjedal won the Giro in 2012 (by just 16 seconds over Rodriguez) they had a similar early season as they have had this year. Three years ago, they rode the Tour Down Under (placing 39th), the Eroica Strade Bianche classic (35th), Volta a Catalunya (75th), Tour of the Basque Country (19th), the Ardennes classics (ninth at Liège-Bastogne-Liège) and Tour de Romandie (not starting the final TT stage). This year, they did Down Under (65th), Eroica (75th), five stages of Tirreno-Adriatico, Catalunya (104th), Giro del Trentino (14th) and Romandie (24th). That's five stage races and 29 days of racing compared with four stage races and, yes, 29 days of racing in 2012.
At their winning Giro, Hesjedal's strongest teammates on the mountain stages were the Americans Peter Stetina (on BMC Racing this year and currently injured) and Christian Vande Velde (now retired); this year, their best support riders in the mountains are likely to be another veteran American, Tom Danielson, and the Colombian climber Janier Acevedo. Hesjedal is recognized as one of the best tacticians in the business and, at 34, one of the most experienced. This will be their 16th start in a grand tour and if precedent means anything, the ultra-tough Canadian may well be up with the leaders and fighting for the podium when they're grinding up the Passo del Mortirolo and Colle delle Finestre in the final week.
CONTADOR
There is an awful lot of pressure on Contador to win a seventh grand tour (nine if you include the two that escaped because of a much-delayed suspension for their 2010 clenbuterol positive). He's one of cycling's few multi-million-dollar-salary riders, and their Russian team boss Oleg Tinkov is more than anxious to see the Spaniard return to their winning ways. Contador has won a single race this year—a stage of the Ruta del Sol (ahead of Froome) back in February—and it has been exactly 40 days since they last crossed a finish line (finishing fourth overall in Catalunya).
Since then, Contador has done several weeks of high-altitude training on Mount Teide in the Canary Islands—and done plenty of talking. It's possible that at 32, and probably in their penultimate season, they may not have the form they need to carry out their declared goal of doing the Giro-Tour double. They would much rather win the Tour again, so if Contador finds themselves minutes off the pace after the stage 14 time trial, they may well ease off the gas pedal in the final week and reserve their efforts for the Tour.
Such a scenario would depend on some tremendous performances in that long time trial on Saturday May 23 by Porte and Urán (who placed second in the past two editions of the Giro), and maybe Zakarin. In contrast to Contador, Porte has been winning all season long. They have done five stage races, winning them all except for the minor Tour of the Algarve, and put 32 days of racing under their tires (compared with Contador's 19). Porte's last race, Trentino, was only two weeks ago, and it included a stage win on a mountaintop finish in the Dolomites.
Porte's major negative factor is their lack of results in grand tours: Their best finishes are seventh at the 2010 Giro, 19th at the 2013 Tour (riding support for winner Froome) and 68th at the 2012 Vuelta (also riding for Froome). But their proximity to overall winners and the confidence they have gained these past four months give the team Sky leader the strongest chance of becoming the first Australian to win the Giro.
And that wouldn't be a shock.
# # #
You can follow john on Twitter @johnwilcockson
1 of 1 2 of 1
The toxic brew of Big Oil and militarism at the core of Stephen Harper's politics has been on full display this week.
In an interview with Peter Mansbridge on CBC's The National, Harper connected the threat of a new conflagration in the Middle East with their ongoing push for new pipelines to export tar sands crude from Alberta. The prime minister cited Iran's recent talk of closing the Strait of Hormuz as an argument for the building of proposed tar sands pipelines like the Keystone XL and Enbridge projects. Harper's argument is that foreign, Middle Eastern oil supply routes are unstable, and thus the tar sands are a key to U.S. “energy security”. Of course, Iran's threat to close the key oil shipping route of Hormuz comes as a response to aggressive sanctions from the West. The latest round of sanctions , which the Harper government and its allies have been pushing, aims to starve Tehran of oil revenues.
This was just one of a bevy of cynical, unethical arguments Harper has used to boost proposed tar sands pipelines aimed at expanding exports of crude oil from Canada. Harper appears willing to make almost any argument whatsoever to defend the interests of Big Oil. And they are proving equally shameless when it comes to pushing militarism in Canada and on the world stage.
Later in that same interview with Mansbridge, Harper made perhaps their most dangerous comments yet with respect to Iran. The prime minister has been fear mongering about Iran for some time, repeatedly calling Iran the greatest threat to world peace. Harper one-upped themselves in this latest conversation with Mansbridge, asserting that they knew “beyond any doubt” that Iran was working to develop nuclear weapons. Not only that, but Harper stated that they are “absolutely convinced” that Iran “would have no hesitation about using nuclear weapons”.
This last comment is extraordinary; Harper is in effect claiming to know for a fact that the regime in Tehran is suicidal. Israel already has an arsenal of nuclear weapons—a fact everyone knows but which the government in Tel Aviv has never formally admitted. (Israel, unlike Iran, is not a signatory to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty.) Any attack by Iran, let alone its use of hypothetical nuclear weapons, would result in its total obliteration.
There is simply no evidence whatsoever to support Harper's claim, and so it's shocking that there hasn't yet been a loud, outraged reaction by opposition voices in Canadian politics. Harper claims that Iran “frightens” him. In fact, it is Harper's foreign policy that should frighten us all.
It's worth looking back to 2003, when Harper bemoaned Canada's failure to fully join the invasion of Iraq. Then leader of the Official Opposition to Jean Chrétien's Liberal government, Harper rose in the House to explain their support for George W. Bush's war. (Parts of one speech by Harper were later found to have been plagiarized from Australia's John Howard.)
Harper later publicly regretted their warmongering on Iraq, saying that they had put too much faith in U.S. claims that Saddam Hussein possessed “weapons of mass destruction”. Either Harper has learned nothing from this mistake, or their second thoughts about Iraq were mere political expediency, since 80 percent of Canadians opposed that war.
What, then, explains Harper's hawkish sound bites on Iran? Part of the answer is that a key component of Harper's political project is to make Canadian foreign policy more aggressive and the country more militarized. This is as much about domestic politics as it is about the particulars of international interventions. In the long-term, the key thing for Harper is to build up militarism throughout Canadian society. This goal can be achieved, even where specific military missions end in withdrawal and fail to achieve their stated goals, as was the case with the Kandahar counter-insurgency. For Harper a failure on the foreign battlefield can still count as a success on the battlefield of politics.
In the Middle East, arguably, these strategic political considerations are only part of the story. There's a more particular, irrational element at play when it comes to Israel. Here's how Harper described their determination to defend Israeli policies in a November 2010 speech in Ottawa: “as long as I am prime minister, whether it is at the United Nations, the Francophonie or anywhere else, Canada will take that stand, whatever the cost.”
The cost is already being paid in Canadian credibility (and arguably a lost Security Council vote) at the United Nations and even within the G8.
This Israel-first attitude goes a long way to explaining Harper's belligerent talk on Iran, since it is the extremist government of Benjamin Netanyahu that is pushing hardest for a strike against Iran.
The danger of an attack on Iran, and a subsequent regional war, is real. The greatest threat to peace in the Middle East is, in reality, Netanyahu's Israeli government with which Harper has Canada riding shotgun.
If Harper wasn't willingly subordinating other vital considerations to the needs of Israel, one might even be tempted to argue that radical, foreign interests have hijacked Canadian foreign policy.
Harper's fighting words on Iran should be a call to action for the vast majority in Canada who opposed the war on Iraq. The situation is very different today than in 2003, but no less dangerous. In fact it's almost guaranteed that war on Iran would destabilize the whole region, not to mention the fragile global economy. That's why it's almost impossible to overstate the irresponsible nature of Harper's comments.
Everyone in Canada working to stop Harper needs to speak up against this insane drive to war with Iran.
Derrick O'Keefe is a Vancouver-based author and activist.  They are cochair of the Canadian Peace Alliance and a member of the Lower Mainland's StopWar Coalition.
Friday, October 31
By Terry Smith of Naples, Florida, USA
We know that all things work together for good for those who love God, who are called according to their purpose.
—Romans 8:28 NRSV
My meeting with Michael was near the airport, where they had an aviation business. They were a friend, as well as a client, and our business together allowed me to fly their twin aircraft.
Michael was unusually quiet. They finally told me a close friend had crashed their own airplane in the Everglades, killing themselves and their wife. A grieving Michael looked at me intently, and asked, “Do you believe in life after death?”
It was no longer a business lunch.
Michael was religious. They were a lifelong, observant, and obedient Catholic. But this tragic event shook their faith. Their faith journey slammed to a stop while they considered the most profound question facing people. Michael was asking me, “Is there a God?”
How does one answer? Science is not applicable and can only add more questions. Often science dissolves, leaving us with subjective conviction. So I testified.
I told Michael of worship experiences when I “sensed a presence.” I told them of harboring a hatred that was eating at me, from which I felt healed by the Holy Spirit. I told them I railed at circumstances I could not control, and I felt healed when the elders prayed for me. I told them of when God chose to save my life, and that of 400 sleeping sailors. Where was the proof? I had none, but I believe it because I could not account for it any other way.
Scriptures testify of God's love for us. They offer hope, of which God is the source. They tell us God calls us according to God's purpose for us, and that we are a worthy investment. I told them that choosing to believe was respectable. We can model our universe with or without God, but God's presence changes everything for the better. God offers us hope and forgiveness and what Apostle Paul called inner strength. God offers the promise of peace and a community of loving people.
God or no God? Both are conclusions based on the lack of repeatable evidence. I choose God—it is a far better way of life.
Faith begins as a whisper and finally becomes the voice of conviction. Faith is like falling in love with Holiness, and Holiness loves you back.
Michael began to feel better. The act of discussion, probably as therapeutic as my testimony, strengthened faith. I don't know about his, but it strengthened mine.
Prayer for Peace Compassionate God, help us develop inner strength so we may share your peace.
Spiritual Practice: Making Responsible Choices Prayerfully seek God's guidance in your choices. The practice of discernment invites us to orient our lives toward God and God's vision for us and creation. Begin by reviewing the responsibilities and opportunities in the day before you. Take these choices into prayer, asking God for wisdom and insight about what matters most.
Peace Covenant Today, God, I will weigh the evidence of creation and choose you.
Advertisements
Andrea Fuentes-Diaz
Some food arguments may never be settled. For one, who makes the best Vietnamese banh mi sandwich in America?
Banh mi sandwiches may inspire heated debate, but some facts are incontestable. A culinary embodiment of French colonial rule in Vietnam, banh mi sandwiches are composed equally of French and Vietnamese parts. They all begin with a whole baguette, preferably baked in-house and dressed with an aioli spread infused with pork, garlic and fish sauce. These ingredients then hold a wide variety of fillings: barbecue pork, fried tofu and thick-sliced ham are the most common options, along with pork pâté, grilled chicken, meatballs, sauteed vegetables and, occasionally, whole sardines.
Ingredients are mixed and matched at the whim of the kitchen, but there's a common denominator to all banh mi — a bright, crunchy vegetable slaw made with daikon radish, shredded carrot and fish sauce (nuoc cham), accompanied by sliced jalapeño pepper and fresh cilantro. While these sandwiches, usually found in bakeries and delis in Vietnamese neighborhoods, are endlessly customizable, they should always be inexpensive — beware the banh mi over $6.
The Pacific Northwest's Vietnamese community is thriving, and consequentially, Seattle has dozens of excellent banh mi options. The consensus pick seems to be Saigon Deli, in the bustling International District neighborhood. A veritable indoor street market, Saigon Deli is a hot-lunch counter, bakery and dessert emporium all in one. It's also a bit of a mess. The line quite literally goes out the door midday, and the parking situation is a disaster. But the sandwiches are second to none, especially the $3 banh mi dac biet — pork, ham and chicken liver pâté. Just down the block, Sun Bakery and Deli is less trafficked but has its share of ardent loyalists, drawn to a combo sandwich made with Chinese-style ham, grilled chicken and cucumber — and delicious egg custard for dessert.
A few hours south in Portland, Ore., 82nd Avenue (the “Avenue of Roses”) is home to Best Baguette, where top-notch banh mi is served in a reclaimed former chain restaurant. Don't let the drive-through scare you away; the place is family owned, all the bread is baked in-house, and the banh mi thit nuong — barbecued pork and pâté – comes slathered in savory yellow garlic aioli. Try yours with a paper cup of fresh-pressed sugar cane juice.
Not that banh mi in America is strictly a Northwestern phenomenon. New Yorkers in search of a cheap lunch visit Baoguette in droves, at one of three locations — Murray Hill, Wall Street and Gramercy — for traditional Vietnamese sandwiches, as well as for a unique catfish banh mi made with honey mustard and pickled red onion. The David Chang-owned Momofuku Ssäm Bar offers a deliciously upscale take made with three kinds of offal terrines (admittedly at $10 a pop). Stroll through the small Brooklyn Chinatown in Sunset Park for several worthwhile options, including Ba Xuyen and Tan Thanh.
Some of the best Vietnamese sandwiches in America can be found in the South. In New Orleans it's called a “Vietnamese Po Boy,” and most of the best spots can be found clustered east of Downtown on Chef Menteur Highway. Of these, the most unique experience is arguably Dong Phuong Oriental Bakery, where the banh mi seeker is shepherded around to the back of the bakery, past the brightly colored sweets and cakes, to be greeted by pork floss and chicken in a sliced baguette, made onsite and dressed with a butter-based aioli spread.
Adam Egan
In Atlanta, a recent influx of Vietnamese immigrants has transformed the Buford Highway into a banh mi lover's paradise: start with the sandwiches at Lee's Bakery, prepared on a perfectly crunchy baguette and dripping with fish sauce, before moving on to the wildly popular Quoc Huong for a banh mi of red pork, marinated tofu and fried egg. Sandwiches at Quoc Huong go for around $2.50 and are consistently rated among the best in Atlanta — not surprisingly, its “buy five, get one free” program has an ardent following.
California is not to be left out. Lee's Sandwiches, a San Jose-based chain with dozens of locations across the state, makes an exemplary banh mi xiu mai, made with Vietnamese pork meatballs. In Los Angeles, Nom Nom Truck, a brightly colored mobile eatery, has made a name for itself with grilled lemongrass chicken offerings, available in sandwich or “Vietnamese taco” form. Decidedly less bright are the surroundings at San Francisco's Saigon Sandwich, a no-frills joint in a particularly rough stretch of the Tenderloin. Get the combo: fatty roast pork melts into creamy chicken liver pâté, buffeted by a noticeably sweet aioli and overflowing with cilantro leaves and stalks. The space at Saigon Sandwich isn't much to look at, but the banh mi — fresh, cheap and astonishingly delicious — may be the best in America.
Disagree? Let us know your favorite banh mi spots in the comments section below.
Seattle: Saigon Deli (1237 South Jackson Street), Sun Bakery & Cafe (658 South Jackson Street)
Portland: Best Baguette (8303 SE Powell Boulevard)
New York: Baoguette (61 Lexington Ave, multiple Manhattan locations), Momofuku Ssäm Bar (207 Second Ave, Manhattan), Ba Xuyen (4222 Eighth Avenue, Brooklyn), Tan Thanh (5818 Seventh Avenue, Brooklyn)
New Orleans: Dong Phuong Oriental Bakery (14207 Chef Menteur Highway)
Atlanta: Lee's Bakery (4005 Buford Highway NE), Quoc Huong (5150 Buford Highway NE)
San Jose: Lee's Sandwiches (260 East Santa Clara Street)
Los Angeles: Nom Nom Truck
San Francisco: Saigon Sandwich (560 Larkin Street)
All along, however, Mr. Hsieh was invisible in plain sight, meticulously archiving their artistic portfolio as they went about the business of “dealing with life,” as they put it. For 14 years, until they received amnesty in 1988, their immigration status, or lack of status, had informed their art, but it also made them an outsider, enduringly. Their work was rarely collected, displayed or studied, and they eventually quit making art entirely.
Photo
“My work is kind of unknown, and I am not an artist anymore,” they said in their thickly accented English, which is fluent but limited, often making them sound terse.
Sipping green tea in their minimally furnished loft above a 99-Cent Plus shop in Clinton Hill, Brooklyn, Mr. Hsieh pushed across their kitchen table a history of performance art that mentions them only in a sentence. “I don't want to say it was race,” they said, noting that they have long been reticent to promote their work.
But Alexandra Munroe, senior curator of Asian art at the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, had no such compunctions, given what they described as a historical disregard for nonwhite artists in the avant-garde. “Why was Tehching left out?” they said. “Because they were Chinese.”
This winter, owing to renewed interest in performance art, new passion for contemporary Chinese art and the coinciding interests of several curators, Mr. Hsieh's moment of recognition has arrived from many directions at once.
The one-man show at MoMA runs through May 18. The Guggenheim is featuring their time-clock piece in “The Third Mind: American Artists Contemplate Asia, 1860-1989” through April 19. M.I.T. Press is about to release “Out of Now,” a large-format book devoted to their “lifeworks.” And United States Artists, an advocacy organization, has awarded Mr. Hsieh $50,000, their first grant.
 They are gratified by the exhibitions. But they judge the book, which is 384 pages and weighs almost six pounds, to be the definitive ode to their artistic career.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Because of this book I can die tomorrow,” said Mr. Hsieh, who collaborated on “Out of Now” with Adrian Heathfield, a writer and curator in London.
Photo
Such utterances can startle. (“Life is a life sentence” is another.) But Mr. Hsieh's matter-of-fact delivery makes them seem less bleak than unblinking — an existentialist's workaday credo.
“He is deeply philosophical,” Ms. Munroe said.
The roots of Mr. Hsieh's lifelong questioning lie in southern Taiwan, where their little-known artistic odyssey began. There they grew up one of 15 children of an authoritarian father with five wives. But they were doted on by their mother.
“We were not really a poor family,” they said during a long interview, at the end of which they were joined by their radiantly serene wife, Qinqin Li, an elementary school art teacher who emigrated from Beijing after meeting Mr. Hsieh there in 2001. Ms. Li is, Mr. Hsieh noted, 24 years their junior and their third wife.
In Taiwan Mr. Hsieh's father, who ran a small trucking company, did not consider art a practical profession. Nonetheless Mr. Hsieh studied with a private painting teacher throughout their childhood, until in 1967 they dropped out of high school to devote themselves to art. Taiwan in that era was relatively cosmopolitan. Mr. Hsieh wore their hair long, listened to rock 'n' roll and read Nietzsche, Kafka and Dostoyevsky.
Next, three years of compulsory military service exposed Mr. Hsieh to the kind of rigor and regimentation that later governed their performance pieces.
When they left the army, they had their first solo show, but they had already become more interested in the act of painting than in the product. One of their final paintings, “Paint — Red Repetitions,” was executed in four minutes when they swirled a circle of red on each page of a sketchbook. “I became empty,” they said. “I just moved my hand.”
After that Mr. Hsieh sought new ways to express himself, ultimately buying a Super 8 camera and training it on their new medium: himself.
Photo
Though they had not yet learned of Yves Klein or seen “Leap Into the Void,” the 1960 photomontage that purported to show that French artist swan-diving off a rooftop, they tried a version of it for real in 1973. They recorded themselves jumping from a second-story window to the sidewalk — and breaking both their ankles.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Biesenbach said they believed “Jump Piece” to be brilliant, an early indicator of Mr. Hsieh's willingness to give their lives to art. But Mr. Hsieh now considers it immature, an unfortunate harbinger of future self-destructive pieces, like “Half-Ton,” in which they let themselves be crushed beneath Sheetrock, or “Throw Up,” in which they ate fried rice until they vomited.
While they were recovering from their jump, Mr. Hsieh set their sights on leaving Taiwan, deciding to train as a merchant mariner so that they could emigrate by ship. In 1974 they boarded the oil tanker that gradually made its way to the United States. Mr. Hsieh jumped ship near Philadelphia. They hailed a taxi and paid the driver $150 to take them to New York City.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
During their first long winter in New York the elation faded. Mr. Hsieh shared a compatriot's unheated apartment and fell into the menial work that would sap their creative energy for four years, until they conceived of “Cage Piece.” Back in Taiwan Mr. Hsieh's mother, who was baffled by their art, helped support that project with $10,000 and one condition: “Don't be a criminal.”
In the fall of 1978 Mr. Hsieh, then 28, constructed their cell-like cage of pine dowels inside a loft in TriBeCa. They furnished it with a cot, a sink and a bucket. Before they shut themselves inside, they issued a terse manifesto, typed on white paper: “I shall NOT converse, read, write, listen to the radio or watch television until I unseal myself on September 29, 1979.”
Mr. Hsieh's loft mate, Cheng Wei Kuong, who had studied with the same painting teacher in Taiwan, brought their food and removed their waste. After weeks of beef and broccoli, Mr. Hsieh said, they wordlessly threw one meal to the floor when it was delivered; later they felt bad about that.
Each day Mr. Hsieh scratched a line in the wall with their fingernail, which made 365 hatch marks at the end. Each day, with their hair infinitesimally longer, they stood on their traced footprints to be photographed.
Photo
Every three weeks they allowed spectators, but they did not acknowledge them. They were too busy thinking — about their past, their art, the passing of time and the boundaries of space. They were thinking about how their physical confinement liberated their mind.
“That piece was an ode to freedom,” Mr. Biesenbach said. “He's an incredibly thoughtful translator of concepts. They made the idea of meditation and contemplation very tangible for me. And, really, consider that they did this in New York City, the fastest place in the world.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
After Mr. Hsieh emerged, people seemed “like wolves,” they said. At first they retreated to the cage to feel safe. Eventually they packed the cage and accompanying artifacts in a crate, revealing early confidence that their work was worth preserving.
Mr. Hsieh then embarked on a second grueling performance, the punching of the time clock. They again issued a statement, shaved their head, donned a uniform and toyed with what Ms. Munroe called an “iconic modern form,” the worker as automaton, “straight out of Marxism 101.”
During that year Mr. Hsieh essentially denied themselves sleep, given the self-imposed requirement to punch the clock hourly. To do so they needed multiple alarm clocks attached to amplifiers to penetrate their befogged brain. Mr. Hsieh put himself, Ms. Munroe said, in “a mindful state of delirium that forced confrontation with time itself”; they also generated a “physical model of time passing” with 8,760 timecards.
That year Mr. Hsieh felt like Sisyphus, they said, engaged in a futile task that nonetheless gave their lives purpose and structure. To this day, they said, “wasting time is my concept of life,” clarifying: “Living is nothing but consuming time until you die.”
In the third test of their own endurance Mr. Hsieh moved out of their loft to spend a year on the streets. Vowing never to enter a “building, subway, train, car, airplane, ship, cave, tent,” they took on an extreme form of homelessness, believing: “You have to make the art stronger than life so people can feel it. Like Franz Kafka says, you have to take an ax” to the frozen sea in “people's hearts.”
Photo
That year it was the East River that froze. Mr. Hsieh, wandering with their backpack, treated Chinatown as their kitchen and the Hudson River as their bathroom; they slept in drained swimming pools, on cardboard mats and in garbage cans.
Using a tripod Mr. Hsieh documented their homelessness in striking photographs, the only original documentation that they ever sold. Because they were performing in public, they attracted more attention that year than previously. Word traveled backed to Taiwan, upsetting their family, they said, because “some people say I should go to mental hospital.”
Linda Montano, a feminist performance artist drawn to what they called the “soulful” posters advertising their outdoor performance, sought them out just when Mr. Hsieh was looking for an attachment, literally. Having explored constraints of time and space they wanted to examine human bonds. They proposed, and Ms. Montano accepted, that they connect themselves at the waist with an eight-foot rope for a year. The artists slept in twin beds — touching was not permitted — and tried to go about their separate lives attached, which involved a constant tug of war. They often did not get along.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“I was more like a cobra, without feeling,” they said. “She was more emotional.”
In their year with Ms. Montano, which began July 4, 1983, Mr. Hsieh was exposed to the art world as never before because they were a part of it. Their next one-year project was to avoid that world completely, to “go in life” without seeing, making or talking about art. And their sixth and final piece, their most inscrutable, was a “13-years plan” to make art but not show it publicly.
During this time they tried to exile themselves more deeply inside America by “disappearing” to Alaska, but they made it only as far as Seattle, where, working low-wage jobs, they felt as if they were fresh off the boat once again. Giving up after six months, they moved back to New York, got their green card, worked in construction and sold 96 of their early paintings to a Taiwanese collector for $500,000. They used much of the money to buy an abandoned building in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, converting it into an artists' residence, which they managed.
At the end of the 13 years, on in their 49th birthday, which happened to fall precisely at the turn of the millennium, they issued a statement in collage form, using cut-out letters, that said: “I kept myself alive. I passed the Dec. 31, 1999.”
Afterward they sold their Williamsburg building, bought and renovated the loft in Clinton Hill, traveled with more frequency to China, married Ms. Li and eventually worked with the curators interested in shaping their legacy. But, having lived in such a “persistent exile” from art that they could not return to it, as they said in their book, they declared their life as an artist over and left others to grapple with what that meant.
Ms. Munroe made an attempt: “Maybe they were a man choosing art as a tool to demonstrate a certain philosophical set of conditions, and it served their purpose, so they don't need it anymore. I think he's bigger than art on some level. I think — I'll be really extreme here — that they killed art so they could transcend it.”
Perhaps. Or, perhaps, Mr. Hsieh said, with a wisp of a — sad? — smile: “I am not so creative. I don't have many good ideas.”
About 35 percent of adult church members in Britain are single, so clearly the subject of singleness has considerable personal interest to many people in our churches. Each single person will have a different experience. There are age differences. Being single at 20 is very different from being single at 30, 40, or 70. There are circumstantial differences: some have never married, while others are divorcees, widows, or widowers. And there are experiential differences: some have chosen to be single and are basically content; others long to be married and feel frustrated.
What does the Bible say to all these people?
1. Singleness is a gift from God.
So much in our society is structured around couples. It's often just assumed that adults will have a partner and that there's something rather odd about them if they don't for any period of time. Oscar Wilde summed up the view of many: “Celibacy is the only known sexual perversion.”
There's nothing new in this negative view of celibacy. In the first century, Rabbi Eleazar said, “Any man who has no wife is no proper man.” The Talmud went even further: “The man who is not married at 20 is living in sin.” Given that background, it is astonishing how positive the New Testament is about singleness. Paul speaks of it as a “gift” (1 Cor. 7:7), and Jesus says it is good “for those to whom it has been given” (Matt. 19:11).
A friend of mine once belonged to a young adult church group called “Pairs and Spares.” Single people can be made to feel like spare parts in their families, social groups, and churches. One man was so fed up with being asked “Are you still single?” that they began to respond, “Are you still married?” We must resist the implication that singleness is second best. The Bible doesn't say so. Marriage is good, but so is singleness: it has been “given” to some.
But what if I don't think I have the “gift” of singleness? I don't find it easy being on my own, and I long to marry; does that mean I'm experiencing “second best”? No. When Paul speaks of singleness as a gift, they aren't speaking of a particular ability some people have to be contentedly single. Rather, he's speaking of the state of being single. As long as you have it, it's a gift from God, just as marriage will be God's gift if you ever receive it. We should receive our situation in life, whether it is singleness or marriage, as a gift of God's grace to us.
2. Singleness has advantages.
Paul mentions two advantages of singleness in 1 Corinthians 7:
Single people are spared the “troubles” of marriage. There are many great blessings in marriage, but there are difficulties too. Understandably, Christian couples don't often talk openly about the hard things they face, which can give singles a rose-tinted view of marriage. But there's a downside even when a married couple's relationship is good: life is more complicated. There's more than one person to consider in decisions about use of time, accommodation, holidays, even the daily menu. And there's more than one person to worry about. Children bring great pleasure but plenty of anxiety as well. Marriage does bring “many troubles in this life” and, Paul says, “I want to spare you this” (1 Cor. 7:28). They mention these troubles here chiefly because of the bearing they have on the next point.
Single people can devote themselves more fully to God's work: “An unmarried man is concerned about the Lord's affairs—how they can please the Lord. But a married man is concerned about the affairs of this world—how they can please their wife—and their interests are divided” (1 Cor. 7:32-34). A vital part of the Christian responsibility of married persons is to care for their spouse and children. That should take time, time that cannot therefore be spent in witnessing to people, helping out at a camp, doing the church finances, or leading a Bible study. Single people have more time to give to such things. It's no coincidence that many activities in church life depend to a large extent on those who aren't married. A few consciously choose to stay single to devote themselves to Christian work. Most single people haven't chosen singleness in that way and yet they have the same advantages as those who have. Instead of focusing on the difficulties of being single, as some do, we should all make the most of the advantages of God's gift of singleness while we have it.
3. Singleness is hard.
When God saw Adam on their own in the Garden of Eden, they said, “It is not good for the man to be alone. I will make a helper suitable for him” (Gen. 2:18). So Eve was created to meet Adam's need for companionship, and the two came together in the lifelong, sexual relationship of marriage. Although the New Testament is positive about singleness, there's no doubt marriage is regarded as the norm. It is God's loving gift to humanity and the chief context in which our desire for intimacy is met. Single people are therefore likely to struggle with loneliness and sexual temptation. Those struggles are certainly not exclusive to the unmarried, but they are very much a part of the single condition. Some will seek to lessen them by getting married. Others will either choose not to marry or will feel unable to because of their circumstances, personality, or sexual attraction. They are likely to face a lifelong battle with loneliness and sexual temptation.
Those two battles are closely related. The lonelier we are, the more likely we are to struggle with sexual fantasy and fall into sin. We need to be proactive in seeking help in these areas. We aren't designed to be on our own, and if we aren't to be married, whether in the short or long term, we should seek to satisfy our need for intimacy in other relationships. That will mean taking the initiative in keeping in close contact with friends and family. And we must be self-disciplined in “fleeing from sexual immorality” (1 Cor. 6:18). It often helps to have one or two close friends to whom we are accountable in this area.
4. Singleness is not permanent.
Many who are presently single will one day marry. Others will remain single throughout their lives. But no Christian is single forever. Human marriage reflects the marriage God wants to enjoy with their people forever. The Bible speaks of Jesus as the bridegroom who will one day return to take their bride, the church, to be with them in the perfect new creation. On that day all pain will disappear, including the pain of a difficult marriage or singleness. God will wipe away every tear from our eyes and a great shout will be heard: “Let us rejoice and be glad and give them glory! For the wedding of the Lamb has come, and their bride has made themselves ready” (Rev. 7:17; 19:7).
After we had spoken about heaven, an elderly single lady said to me, “I can't wait for my wedding day!” We should all share the same hope. And we can already experience something of that intimate marriage with Christ here on earth by the work of the Spirit in our lives. Human relationships do matter, but none is nearly as important as our eternal relationship with Jesus.
A final word to those who are single:
Thank God for the gift of singleness. Whatever your experience of singleness, recognize it as a gift from God and make the most of it for as long as you have it.
Whatever your experience of singleness, recognize it as a gift from God and make the most of it for as long as you have it. Do all you can to be godly. It's easy for those who are single to lapse into a selfish, self-centred lifestyle and into sexual sin, whether in thought or deed. Be self-disciplined and accountable to others.
Keep your eyes fixed on heaven. It is our eternal relationship with Christ that ultimately matters.
A final word to those who are married:
Don't think of singleness as second best. Christian preacher and author John Chapman spoke of friends taking them for long walks and telling them they should be married. They commented: “It would have been a great help if they had read the Bible, wouldn't it?”
Remember that your family is the whole church. There should be no lonely people in our church. We need to be opening up our homes to one another and relating to one another not just in the nuclear family, but in the church family.
Keep your eyes fixed on heaven. Human marriage matters, but it will not last forever (Mark 12:25). Our relationship with Christ must come first.
Editors' note: This article originally appeared at Living Out.
Honor killings are once again becoming a national controversy in Pakistan, where they claim as many as 1,000 womens' lives every year. And a big part of the debate there has to do with an uncomfortable fact: lots of Pakistanis say they support honor killings. The practice, in which a family will murder one of its own members for a social transgression such as having pre-marital sex, is receiving another round of international attention over the recent killing of a pregnant woman in Lahore. The 25-year-old was stoned to death by their own father and 20 other relatives for getting married without their consent.
Honor killings are neither mentioned in nor sanctioned by the Koran, nor are they at all exclusive to the Islamic world. But some Islamist fundamentalists have nonetheless promoted honor killings, including in Pakistan, despite the fact that mainstream Islamic leaders in Pakistan publicly denounced honor killings as un-Islamic and wrong this week; a 2004 law formally prohibits the practice. Still, every year, according to rights groups that track the issue, several hundred Pakistani families kill one of their children for bringing shame to their family, the vast majority of them women.
Take the case, from 2007, of a 13-year-old Pakistani girl who was gang-raped and then formally condemned by village elders for having sex outside of wedlock. Them family was pressured to murder them in an honor killing but refused, instead asking police to arrest them rapists. The police refused and community members attacked the family for failing to take their life. Them family's legal battle for justice for their rapists made their case a national symbol of the fight over honor killings.
"Police often won't register a crime against a woman in this case"
The reasons that honor killings continue, in Pakistan and elsewhere, are deeply complicated. Pakistani writer Bina Shah wrote this week, "People in Pakistan get away with these kinds of executions of women because of weak laws, contradictory legislation, and the overarching power of jirgas, or extra-judicial tribal court systems which reserve the harshest punishments for women exercising their free will."
Shah explains that structural causes such as legislation and weak institutions are exacerbated by deeply patriarchal attitudes that, while of course far from universal in Pakistan, can persist in some local communities, local "jirga" authorities, and even police department that may refuse to arrest parents who commit honor killings:
Worse still is that attitudes towards women who marry of their own free choice as having stained the honour of the family still persist. Even the police officers at police stations often won't register a crime against a woman in this case because they agree with or sympathise with the angry family who wanted them dead. Combine this with a still-strong jirga system where men get together and condemn a woman (and sometimes their husband or partner, but they are almost never met with the same fate) to death for having acted out of their own free will.
Lots of Pakistanis vocally oppose honor killings — there have been grassroots campaigns to stop them — but many support the practice, and that is part of why they persist.
In May 2013, Pew released the results of a multi-year, 39-country survey of countries with large or majority Muslim populations. One of the questions they asked was whether it was justified for a family to "end the life of a woman who engages in premarital sex or adultery" — in other words, whether honor killings are permissible — and 40 percent of Pakistani respondents said it was "often" or "sometimes" okay.
Local communities in which many or most citizens believe that honor killings are permissible, or even just in which many or most people in positions of power believe this, would seem naturally more included to tolerate or even encourage this practice. So while popular attitudes are surely far from the only factor that explains the continuation of honor killings, they can play a significant role.
The roots of that popular support are themselves remarkably complex and a subject of live and continued debate among scholars; it's safe to say, at the very least, that the cause is not Islam. Some historians suggest that, during colonialism, European powers found and promoted preexisting voices of misogyny. That was a sort of bargain in which local intolerant voices were given power over social codes in exchange for surrendering political control to the Europeans, and it has allowed institutional misogyny to persist. Other observers point out that secular political authorities in countries with violent religious extremists, such as Pakistan, sometimes tolerate extremist practices such as honor killings in the hopes of placating those extremists.
Though Pakistan's problem with honor killings may receive significant international coverage, mixed attitudes toward the practice are not unique to the country. While Pew has not yet released full statistics for how many people in each of its surveyed countries say they support honor killings, they have released data on how many people say that honor killings are "never justified."
Here are those results, with bluer countries indicating where respondents are most likely to say that honor killings of women are never justified, and redder countries where respondents are less likely to say this:
The surveyed country where people most oppose honor killings of women is Kazakhstan, where 84 percent say it's never justified. The surveyed country where the practice is least opposed is Afghanistan, where only 24 percent of respondents said it was never justified, followed by Egypt with 31 percent. In Jordan and Afghanistan, that number is 34 percent, or about a third.
By comparison, 45 percent of Pakistani poll respondents said that honor killings of women were never justified. Keep in mind, though, that Pakistan is one of the world's most populous countries with 180 million people, so even a minority of honor killing supporters can do a lot of damage if they have local control. And that drives home Shah's point about the importance of laws, governance, and strong institutions in preventing this awful practice.
Cross-county garbage hauling moved a step closer to reality Wednesday, with the Environmental Management Commission's unanimous approval of a bill giving the mayor's administration much more leeway in deciding whose trash goes where.
ADVERTISING
Cross-county garbage hauling moved a step closer to reality Wednesday, with the Environmental Management Commission's unanimous approval of a bill giving the mayor's administration much more leeway in deciding whose trash goes where.
The measure, Bill 100, makes allies of Kohala Councilwoman Margaret Wille, the bill sponsor, and Environmental Management Director Bobby Jean Leithead Todd, who have long been at odds over environmental issues. The bill now goes back to the County Council, which last week gave it a favorable recommendation.
“What we want is the best policy islandwide,” Wille said.
Leithead Todd said the bill will serve a twofold purpose. First, it will lower tipping fees at the West Hawaii landfill at Puuanahulu by allowing the county to get a discounted fee by reaching a minimum level of waste. Second, the county can use the empty trucks to haul mulch from the West Hawaii landfill back to East Hawaii.
The Puuanahulu landfill has been exceeding the storage capacity of mulch allowed under its state Department of Health permit because of low demand, while Hilo residents can't get enough of the stuff. The county has had to delay a Hilo reuse center as it dipped into the money earmarked for it in order to pay for trucking the mulch.
Two trucks per day hauling garbage west would cost the county about $5,000 per month but save $60,000 in tipping fees, for a net savings of $55,000 per month, they said. The county currently pays landfill operator Waste Management Inc. to dump 8,500 tons per month in the landfill, but would get a reduced rate by increasing the amount to 9,000 tons per month, or 300 tons per day.
“For me, it's a win-win,” Leithead Todd said. “The bill is not intended to let us divert all the rubbish to West Hawaii.”
The trash would be trucked over Saddle Road and then to Waikoloa Road and on to Queen Kaahumanu Highway.
Wille said past opposition to trucking by a previous County Council could have been due to no apparent commitment by the administration to a zero waste plan that will cut garbage going to the two landfills. Hilo's landfill has been said to be within five years of reaching capacity for about a decade, but so far, the county has been able to continue putting garbage there without having to build a new one.
“I think in the past, the opposition was primarily to trucking everything over here to the west side,” Wille said.
The county is currently in the process of selecting a contractor for an ambitious organics diversion project that will remove much of the green waste, food, paper and compostable plastics from the waste stream and create a compost that can be sold to the public. Four new HI-5 recycling centers have also recently opened at transfer stations.
Garbage from 12 transfer stations is already being trucked to the West Hawaii landfill, which has an expected life span of another 36 years, or 25 years if the Hilo garbage stream is added. Garbage as far east as Laupahoehoe on the north side of the island and Naalehu on the south side is currently trucked west to Puuanahulu.
The bill gives the administration flexibility to send waste, except compostables and recyclables, from any transfer station to either the Puuanahulu or Hilo landfill under certain conditions.
ADVERTISING
Garbage could be sent to either landfill to avoid penalty fees, to meet designated minimum volumes to qualify for discounted fees or when repairs or improvements are being made at one of the landfills. Under current law, the mayor, during a time of declared emergency may, by executive order, direct the transportation of materials from a transfer station to a landfill as deemed practicable and necessary.
A “pilot study” by the Department of Environmental Management in 2012 caused outrage in West Hawaii and resulted in the ban. Rubbish trucking proposals had been a contentious issue for island residents for years, and the revelation a pilot project was ongoing came days after Mayor Billy Kenoi told West Hawaii residents the county had no plans to transport the trash.
Sean Murray of Joe Danger indie studio Hello Games has told a Eurogamer Expo audience that writing design documents for games is "an insane idea".
"You can't have design documents," Murray said. "Writing what a game is going to be is just an insane idea to me. It's like sitting down to write a recipe and never actually cooking something."
Murray reckons Hello Games' loose approach to game design - detailed in our interview today - was used to make the classic Japanese games the Hello Games team idolises.
"I don't think you could design Street Fighter II on paper. You wouldn't know if it was fun or not. Everything I've read about those developers is that everything was itereative, everything was 'cooked'."
But Murray thinks it wouldn't have been possible to make Joe Danger in this way if the four-man indie had signed to a publisher.
"We had the benefit of not having a publisher, we had time to develop things, we weren't driven by milestones.
"We stole ideas [from classic games]... and we had the freedom to do that. That was a huge part of our process. When you look at games in the regular industry, you wish that those developers had that freedom."
It's not that the Hello Games team doesn't have outsiders making demands of it, however. Murray and their colleagues are bossed around by their fans instead, they said.
"We don't have a publisher, we have gamers. And gamers tell us what they want. And they want Joe to be a monkey."
Terry Pedwell, The Canadian Press
OTTAWA -- The federal government says it will seek the public's support for whatever changes it ends up deciding to propose for Canada's electoral system.
But the threshold for that support, and how it will be achieved, remained unclear Monday as the Opposition Conservatives continued to demand that the question of how best to improve the system be put to a referendum.
"We're going to ensure the will of Canadians is behind whatever we put forward," said MP Mark Holland, parliamentary secretary to Democratic Institutions Minister Maryam Monsef.
Holland encouraged opposition MPs during question period to get their constituents involved in the reform process. "Help us to change the status quo, improve our system, modernize our electoral system and bring us into the 21st century."
Monsef told the Toronto Star newspaper during this past weekend's Liberal policy convention in Winnipeg that the government won't go ahead with any changes without broad buy-in from voters.
"Canadians can rest assured that unless we have their broad buy-in, we're not moving forward with any changes," Monsef was quoted as saying.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau promised during last year's federal election that 2015 would be the last year a Canadian campaign is decided by the so-called first-past-the-post system, which has been in place since Confederation.
But the Liberals have been accused of trying to "stack the deck" for proposing that a committee dominated by Liberals would have the final say on any suggested changes to that system.
There have also been complaints that the reform process is taking too long. It could take years to adopt a new system and the next federal election is scheduled for 2019.
But time is needed to hear from Canadians about their preferences for a new system, Holland said.
"We want to make sure that Canadians' voices are heard, that they're given a proper opportunity to be involved in modernizing their system," they said.
Broad public consultations are needed not only to reform the electoral system, but to decide such issues as whether to adopt measures like electronic ballots and mandatory voting, they added.
Without explicitly ruling out a national referendum on any new electoral system proposal, the Liberals have resisted the call, saying there are other ways to determine what most Canadians want.
The New Democrats have called for a system incorporating a form of proportional representation, which they argue would better reflect the will of voters.
The current system, critics argue, allows majority governments to be formed without a majority of the popular vote.
The Liberals won a large majority government last year with less than 40 per cent of the popular vote. The Conservatives saw similar results in 2011.
The Montreal Impact hasn't been in the CONCACAF Champions League since their magical run all the way to the finals back in 2015. Since then they haven't made it back once and for them to get back in it in 2018 it will be even harder.
With CONCACAF mixing up the rules for qualifications with Canadian teams, this year will be a long and tougher path to qualify for the 2018 CONCACAF Champions League. Toronto FC the winner of the 2016 Voyageurs Cup was supposed to become Canada's sole entry into the Group Stage of the 2017–18 CONCACAF Champions League. However, due to that tournament's restructuring, it was later announced that the Canadian representative at the 2018 CONCACAF Champions League will be the determined by a playoff match between Toronto FC and the 2017 Canadian Championship winner.
Essentially, the Montreal Impact wouldn't qualify for the 2018 CONCACAF Champions League if they beat Toronto in this year's Voyageurs Cup. If they do in fact beat Toronto FC in the two-legged final there would then be a playoff matchup to be hosted by Toronto FC on August 9 to decide which Canadian team qualifies for the 2018 CONCACAF Champions League.
Final
June 21, 2017 Montreal Impact vs Toronto FC Saputo Stadium, Montreal
June 27, 2017 Toronto FC vs Montreal Impact BMO Field, Toronto
Here's a Montreal Impact Canadain Championship cheat sheet to the 2018 CONCACAF Champions League and so on. Posted by the Montreal Impact on their Twitter page.
In Avengers: Age Of Ultron, Scarlet Witch And Quicksilver Will Share No Ordinary Love By Gabe Toro Random Article Blend Avengers: Age Of Ultron thanks to EW's exclusive access to director Joss Whedon and the set. Age Of Ultron is ultimately a crowded affair, and fans are about to see all sorts of new characters, specifically siblings Scarlet Witch and Quicksilver. The question is, whose side are they on?
"Team Ultron!" declares Joss Whedon in the new Avengers: Age Of Ultron secrets.
"They're on Team Ultron, which makes things really hard for the Avengers because all of a sudden they're dealing with powers that they're not used to. With the [first] Avengers, everybody pretty much had the power of being able to punch somebody, and now we have a woman who can get inside your head and move objects, and a boy that can move faster than anything, and a robot [Ultron] who can self-replicate and is out of their mind. So all of a sudden, it's a darker, weirder, tougher world that they're living in."
Of course, the question is, who is on Team Ultron, and why would you be on it? As we learned yesterday, Ultron's entire goal is to eradicate humanity. That's going to include mutants, right? Or are we calling them Miracles, as Baron Von Strucker intoned at the end of Captain America: The Winter Soldier? If anything, it would be interesting to see the Avengers tango with threats from all sides. But what sort of motivation does a human need to work with a humanity-destroying robot?
But yeah, yeah, yeah, motivation...what's really going on between Scarlet Witch and Quicksilver, who are played by Elizabeth Olsen and Aaron Taylor-Johnson and being re-conceived here as Eastern European orphans? Apparently Joss Whedon is going to have some fun with one of the more perverse suggestions of the Marvel universe. According to Olsen, (EARMUFFS)...
"In the comics, every time you see an image of them, they're always holding each other's hand and looking over each other's shoulder. They're always so close, it's almost uncomfortable. Aaron and I have been playing a little bit with those kinds of images just for ourselves. "
This is right after the article mentions that them and Taylor-Johnson recently played a couple in Godzilla, and also that, in case you're forgotten, she's sister to a couple of famous twins. I CAN'T EVEN.
And speaking of sexy, Age Of Ultron will also feature the Vision, the beloved android Avenger in the comics, here being played by Paul Bettany. Created by Ultron, he's presumably some sort of evolution of Bettany's computer voice J.A.R.V.I.S. from the Iron Man series. Whedon allowed the magazine to witness test footage of the character. They've deviated slightly from the comics, so their appearance is, "a little more on the purple side of the spectrum than orange" and will be slightly more "technological" than the comics version, which makes sense because the original character is a sleek, borderline-futuristic humanoid. Not as weird as kissing your sister, but close. Avengers: Age Of Ultron will give you wrong feelings next May 1st. All sorts of details are beginning to leak fromthanks to EW's exclusive access to director Joss Whedon and the set. Yesterday we got the lowdown on the film's major villain, Ultron. Butis ultimately a crowded affair, and fans are about to see all sorts of new characters, specifically siblings Scarlet Witch and Quicksilver. The question is, whose side are they on?"Team Ultron!" declares Joss Whedon in the new Entertainment Weekly , eliminating allsecrets.Of course, the question is, who is on Team Ultron, and why would you be on it? As we learned yesterday, Ultron's entire goal is to eradicate humanity. That's going to include mutants, right? Or are we calling them Miracles, as Baron Von Strucker intoned at the end of? If anything, it would be interesting to see the Avengers tango with threats from all sides. But what sort of motivation does a human need to work with a humanity-destroying robot?But yeah, yeah, yeah, motivation...what's really going on between Scarlet Witch and Quicksilver, who are played by Elizabeth Olsen and Aaron Taylor-Johnson and being re-conceived here as Eastern European orphans? Apparently Joss Whedon is going to have some fun with one of the more perverse suggestions of the Marvel universe. According to Olsen, (EARMUFFS)...This is right after the article mentions that them and Taylor-Johnson recently played a couple in, and also that, in case you're forgotten, she's sister to a couple of famous twins. I CAN'T EVEN.And speaking of sexy,will also feature the Vision, the beloved android Avenger in the comics, here being played by Paul Bettany. Created by Ultron, he's presumably some sort of evolution of Bettany's computer voice J.A.R.V.I.S. from theseries. Whedon allowed the magazine to witness test footage of the character. They've deviated slightly from the comics, so their appearance is, "a little more on the purple side of the spectrum than orange" and will be slightly more "technological" than the comics version, which makes sense because the original character is a sleek, borderline-futuristic humanoid. Not as weird as kissing your sister, but close.will give you wrong feelings next May 1st. Which Marvel Movie Will Get That May 2020 Release Date? Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
The Helsinki, Finland native played seven games with the Peoria Rivermen in 2008-09, then opted to go overseas to continue their career. He's spent the last four seasons in the KHL and represented Finland at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, where they tallied a goal and four assists.
Jori Lehtera LAST SEASON IN KHL Goals: 12 | Assists: 32 | Pts: 44
They also had a chance meeting with Blues GM Doug Armstrong at the Olympic dining hall back in February, where Armstrong expressed a desire to have them in St. Louis.
As they say, one thing led to another, and now here they are - participating with their new teammates during informal skates at the Ice Zone at St. Louis Outlet Mall.
We sat down with Lehtera for a few minutes to get to know them better, and here are a few of the things we learned:
1. They didn't know they were drafted until a day later. They were halfway across the world vacationing with a few buddies in Greece during the 2008 NHL Draft. They learned they were picked by St. Louis when they woke up to their cell phone buzzing with text messages and voicemails saying “congratulations.”
2. They think there's nothing special about him. They don't play any musical instruments, they never won homecoming king and when asked about their hobbies, they said they just practices hockey. An argument could be made that there IS something special about him, though. Why else would Armstrong want to bring them to St. Louis so badly?
3. They really likes St. Louis grocery stores. Lehtera arrived in town on Tuesday, so he's only been here a few days. When they were asked about their early impressions of St. Louis, they said “I think everything here is great. I didn't know it was going to be this good. Even when I go to the grocery store it's unbelievable. Everything is fresh!”
4. Lehtera and Tarasenko might work magic together on the ice. Both players suited up for Sibir Novosibirsk in the KHL in 2011-12, and both were practically point-per-game players. Lehtera has 26 points in 25 games, while Tarasenko had 38 points in 39 games. “He's a skilled guy that can score, and everybody wants to play with a guy like that,” Lehtera said. They may get another chance. Ken Hitchcock indicated Wednesday that Lehtera will be paired with Tarasenko to start training camp.
5. Scouting reports say Lehtera is a skilled playmaker with plenty of versatility. Hitchcock will certainly like that about him. They scored 55 goals and 100 assists in the KHL over the course of four seasons, and helping Finland to a bronze medal at the Olympics isn't too shabby, either.
6. Their favorite movie is Dumb and Dumber. And why wouldn't it be? Everyone loves Harry and Lloyd's shenanigans. And yes, he's anxiously awaiting the sequel.
The presumptive Republican nominee for President of the United States and wealthy business person Mitt Romney at a press conference last Thursday said: “Over the past 10 years, I never paid less than 13%” in federal taxes.
No doubt Romney had considered carefully how to handle the tax issue before deciding to just put the 13% number out there and then move on: "I just have to say, given the challenges that America faces — 23 million people out of work, Iran about to become nuclear, one out of six Americans in poverty — the fascination with taxes I paid I find to be very small-minded.”
Really? This statement ignores rather than confronts President Barack Obama's narrative that the big issue before the American people in this election is fairness and social justice. And the idea that someone who makes $22 million in a single year pays only 13% in federal income taxes will be used to feed the envy and resentment the President hopes to ride to re-election.
I can only wish that Romney had engaged this issue by adding the following sound bite: “Properly calculated, my tax rate was about 30%.”
Such a statement may have led to howls of protest from their opponents and the liberal press, with accusations that Romney was obfuscating how they were able to lower their tax rate.
So what. At least this approach would have given Romney the opportunity to engage the debate over fairness and social justice on their own terms. Explaining a tax system that on its face seems unfair would have treated the American people with respect and been consistent with Romney's identity as a serious man who will be honest and direct with the voting public.
There are two reasons that the Romneys' tax bill is below 15%. According to their 2010 tax return (the latest available), Mr. and Mrs. Romney reduced their taxable income by the $3 million they gave to charities.
The second and most important reason is the majority of the Romneys' income is taxed twice – first at the corporate level, and a second time when they report it on their personal income tax return.
Taxable interest income accounted for $3.3 million of their $21.7 million in total income. Since companies are able to reduce their income dollar for dollar with the interest they pay out, interest income is not taxed at the corporate level, but only once as personal income. In the case of the Romneys, it was taxed at 35%, the top marginal personal income tax rate.
The Romneys also reported $4.9 million in ordinary dividends, of which $3.3 million qualified for the 15% tax rate. Unlike interest payments, corporations may not deduct dividends from their income. Dividend income therefore is taxed twice, first at the corporate level, and then again when it is reported on an individual's personal income tax return.
A precise calculation of this double tax is impossible to make because the tax rates paid by different corporations vary widely – from 0% by GE and General Motors to the top corporate tax rate of 35%. A rigorous economic analysis would use the top marginal tax rate because that is the rate that affects economic decisions. However, for the purpose of this analysis, a reasonable estimate would use the average U.S. corporate tax rate which, over longer periods of time, has been 25%.
Based on a 25% tax rate, for every $133 a corporation earned, it had to first pay $33 in federal income taxes before it could distribute $100 in dividends. Next, on every $100 of dividend income received, the Romneys paid an additional $15 in taxes. The combined tax of $48 totals out to a 36% rate on dividend income ($48/$133), which approximates the top personal income rate imposed on interest income.
Far from being a tax preference for the rich, the 15% tax rate on qualified dividends simply adjusts for the double taxation of dividends. A proper calculation would therefore add to the Romneys' income and tax payments the amount of taxes paid at the corporate level on the dividend income they received.
It is not clear if all of the $4.9 million of dividend income reported on the Romney's tax return, or if only the $3.3 million of dividends that qualify for the lower 15% tax rates, were subject to this double tax on dividends. To avoid over-stating the case, we will use the lower, $3.3 million of dividend income to make the adjustment for the double tax.
Using this amount and the 25% corporate tax rate implies that the Romney's adjusted total pre-tax dividend income and total tax liabilities should each be increased by $1.1 million to $4.4 million. That would increase the Romney's total tax bill to $4.1 million, or just below 18% of their now higher total income. Interestingly, that is virtually the same as President and Mrs. Obama's average federal income tax rate.
But, the adjustments do not stop there. The tax on capital gains, too, is a double tax. To see this point, imagine a 25% corporate tax rate were imposed where it had not existed.
In such a case, the owners' share of future profits would fall by one-fourth, to $75 on every $100 of profits from $100. All else the same, the value of the asset, which reflects the discounted present value of all future after-tax profits, also would be expected to fall by one-fourth. In the same way, the capital gains realized by the Romneys have been reduced by the 25% federal corporate income tax on the implied increase in future profits.
Thus, the Romney's total income and taxes paid must also be adjusted up by 33% (1.33-(.25*1.33)=1) of the amount of their $12.6 million in capital gains income, or $4.2 million. After this adjustment, the Romney's “Adjusted Total Income” is $27.0 million, and their “Adjusted Total Federal Income Tax Payments” are $8.3 million, $5.3 million more than reported on their tax return and 30.7% of their Adjusted Total Income.
Readers may quibble over the magnitude of these adjustments. But, even if they were reduced by a third, Mr. and Mrs. Romney's properly calculated federal income tax payments were one-quarter of their Adjusted Total Income, an average rate significantly above the average rate paid by President and Mrs. Obama.
Eric Feferberg, AFP file picture |French gendarmes and Army officers pictured in front of Charles de Gaulle's tomb at the Colombey-les-Deux-Eglises cemetery in eastern France on November 9, 2011
Vandals on Saturday damaged the tomb of the leader of France's resistance to Nazi occupation during World War Two and founder of the Fifth Republic, General Charles de Gaulle.
ADVERTISING Read more
French media say police are hunting for two people, one of whom was filmed Saturday by security cameras knocking a cross off the top of De Gaulle's tomb.
France Info radio quoted local mayor Pascal Babouot as saying they did not think there was a political motive behind the act, but it drew swift condemnation from politicians.
Macron: "To be quickly repaired"
President Emmanuel Macron requested Sunday that the tomb be quickly repaired, adding that De Gaulle's memory is "dear to all French people."
Prime Minister Edouard Philippe tweeted their "sadness and consternation" and called
the vandalism "an act against France."
Far-right leader Marine Le Pen called it, "contemptible."
Towering figure
De Gaulle was a towering figure of 20th century French history, leading the nation's resistance to Nazi occupation in World War Two, putting an end to its colonial war in Algeria in 1962 and serving as France's president for a decade until 1969.
They founded France's Fifth Republic, which granted the president sweeping powers, and set a distinctive foreign policy that rejected the concept of U.S. and Soviet world domination, giving the French an independent voice on the world stage.
De Gaulle died in 1970.
(FRANCE 24 with AP, REUTERS)
On Friday, the lacrosse teams at Snohomish and Glacier Peak high schools put their rivalry aside to honor a beloved coach gone too soon.
Steve Bush was just 41 years old when they had a heart attack this week. They passed away on Monday.
"He's made an impact on hundreds if not thousands of kids. He's coached high school football at both schools and has coached lacrosse in the youth program as well," said Chad Taylor.
Taylor is Bush's best friend and says the two coached together for the last six years.
"He was larger than life. They just are charismatic and would make an impression on every person they met. And they made you feel so important, whether you were an adult or a kid, but especially with kids. There was just a special place they had in their heart for every student athlete," said Taylor.
The lacrosse game set for Friday evening seemed like the perfect time to pay tribute to the man who helped mold so many student athletes in Snohomish.
Sign up for the daily 5 Things to Know Newsletter Thank You Something went wrong. This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the morning. Thank you for signing up for the 5 Things to Know newsletter Please try again later.
Submit
It was the final game of the season for both Snohomish and Glacier Peak.
"More than half of both of those clubs are made up of kids that have played for Steve, whether it be lacrosse or especially football, which was their passion," said Taylor.
Snohomish, Glacier Peak remember beloved coach <p>Snohomish and Glacier Peak High Schools honored lacrosse and football coach Steve Bush, who died after suffering a heart attack. Photo: Courtesy of the Bush family.</p> <p>Snohomish and Glacier Peak High Schools honored lacrosse and football coach Steve Bush, who died after suffering a heart attack. Photo: Courtesy of the Bush family.</p> <p>Snohomish and Glacier Peak High Schools honored lacrosse and football coach Steve Bush, who died after suffering a heart attack. Photo: Courtesy of the Bush family.</p> <p>Snohomish and Glacier Peak High Schools honored lacrosse and football coach Steve Bush, who died after suffering a heart attack. Photo: Heather Graf / KING.</p> <p>Snohomish and Glacier Peak High Schools honored lacrosse and football coach Steve Bush, who died after suffering a heart attack. Photo: Courtesy of the Bush family.</p> <p>Snohomish and Glacier Peak High Schools honored lacrosse and football coach Steve Bush, who died after suffering a heart attack. Photo: Courtesy of the Bush family.</p> <p>Snohomish and Glacier Peak High Schools honored lacrosse and football coach Steve Bush, who died after suffering a heart attack. Photo: Courtesy of the Bush family.</p> <p>Snohomish and Glacier Peak High Schools honored lacrosse and football coach Steve Bush, who died after suffering a heart attack. Photo: Courtesy of the Bush family.</p> <p>Snohomish and Glacier Peak High Schools honored lacrosse and football coach Steve Bush, who died after suffering a heart attack. Photo: Heather Graf / KING.</p> <p>Snohomish and Glacier Peak High Schools honored lacrosse and football coach Steve Bush, who died after suffering a heart attack. Photo: Courtesy of the Bush family.</p> <p>Snohomish and Glacier Peak High Schools honored lacrosse and football coach Steve Bush, who died after suffering a heart attack. Photo: Heather Graf / KING.</p> <p>Snohomish and Glacier Peak High Schools honored lacrosse and football coach Steve Bush, who died after suffering a heart attack. Photo: Heather Graf / KING.</p> <p>Snohomish and Glacier Peak High Schools honored lacrosse and football coach Steve Bush, who died after suffering a heart attack. Photo: Heather Graf / KING.</p> <p>Snohomish and Glacier Peak High Schools honored lacrosse and football coach Steve Bush, who died after suffering a heart attack. Photo: Courtesy of the Bush family.</p> <p>Snohomish and Glacier Peak High Schools honored lacrosse and football coach Steve Bush, who died after suffering a heart attack. Photo: Courtesy of the Bush family.</p>
Bush played football for WSU in the 1990s.
Taylor arranged for Bush's 13-year-old son, Nick, to serve as honorary team captain for Friday's game. Nick did the coin toss before the game, after which players from both teams offered them hugs and words of support. A moment of silence also took place in Bush's honor.
Bush considered the players on both teams part of their extended family.
"He was a mountain of a man. Six feet, six inches tall, 360 pounds. And as big as they are, their legacy and life will live on through these boys and through these two towns and two programs, Snohomish and Glacier Peak," said Taylor.
A memorial service for Steve Bush is set for Sunday, May 7 at 1:00 p.m. at Snohomish High School. The public is invited and encouraged to attend.
The community is also supporting Bush's family with the "Steve Bush Memorial Fund." Donations can be made at any Coastal Community Bank.
Copyright 2017 KING
A District man Friday admitted to shooting their neighbor 13 times following an argument over the neighbor's dog.
Rickey Jones, who also was known as Heritage Rickey Jones, 22, pleaded guilty in D.C. Superior Court to voluntary manslaughter and carrying a pistol without a license in the Nov. 30, 2014 fatal shooting of Kirk Perry, 50.
Prosecutors say the two men, who lived in the 2400 block of Elvans Road SE, got into an argument concerning Perry's dog. Jones allegedly threatened Perry and told them “I got a 4-5 with an extended clip for your dog.”
Perry was walking the dog, an Italian Mastiff, when they encountered Jones. The men began to argue, believing each was in the other's way, according to a spokesperson for the U.S. Attorney's office.
About three hours after the argument, the two men resumed the disagreement outside their apartment complex. Perry, this time, had a firearm tucked into their waistband, according to prosecutors. But Jones pulled out a gun and shot Perry multiple times, including twice in their back as Perry lay on the ground.
Jones is scheduled to be sentenced on Nov. 30 by Judge Robert E. Morin. As part of the plea agreement, Jones faces a 10-year sentence.
In at least 23 municipalities, officials plan to place refugee children directly into the public school system even if they haven't yet mastered the local language.
Broadcaster TV2 surveyed officials in Denmark's 98 municipalities on their plans to educate refugee children. Of the 75 municipalities that responded, 23 of them said that refugee kids would be placed in normal classes rather than special introductory courses that have been offered in the past. A number of additional municipalities said that they are considering following course.
In most instances the school officials said that special language training and other initiatives would be available to the refugee children, but that hasn't stopped the Danish Union of Teachers (Danmarks Lærerforening) from criticizing the plans.
“Under all circumstances, this will mean that a student who doesn't speak Danish will require something extra and that will naturally take away from the other students,” the union's deputy chair, Dorte Lange, told TV2.
Although their municipality told TV2 it would not be placing refugee children in normal classes this year, Aalborg Mayor Thomas Kastrup-Larsen said that mixing refugees with other Danish children as soon as possible is a wise strategic move.
“It is an investment that is made based on what will provide the best integration and the best school, while also proving to tbe the most effective in the long run,” they said.
Local Government Denmark (Kommunernes Landsforening), an interest group for all of Denmark's 98 municipalities, said that around 6,000 refugee children will enter the public school system this year.
I've had this uploaded on my tumblr for a while so I figured I'd go ahead and transfer them to here too. Just a doodle of Surprise the G1 pony because I've been wanting to do so for a while now. So, here they are! I'm really pleased with how they came out, especially since the doodle itself took… mmm, what, 10 minutes? It's kinda messy in result, but it's fine. C:
Anyway, due to G1 Surprise being the original inspiration to Lauren Faust for the creation of Pinkie Pie , I've headcanoned the pegasus to be the grandmother of the lovable party-pony. So in my headcanon, Surprise is Surprise Pie, otherwise known as “Granny Pie” and the mother of Pinkie's father. They were a Wonderbolt squadron leader and, due to them having been a soldier, sustained quite a few scars to them being (the hind leg they have lifted has a permanent limp to it). But despite that and their age (she definitely wasn't old, but was in their late 40s), they had the energy and enthusiasm to rival anyone more than half their age. She's sadly deceased in my headcanon, however, having being killed during a deployment in Zebrica (no, not by the zebras) when Pinkie was around.
The way I see it, of all of their sisters, Pinkie actually takes after their grandmother the most, both in appearance and in personality (in fact, their parents often call them “Surprise's little mini-me”). That said, though, I wanted to make it so the body and facial structure between them was still different enough to make them individuals. To better illustrate those differences, I put the headcanon drawing I did of Pinkie awhile ago beside them and drew Surprise in a similar pose, which can be seen HERE
The differences, which you can easier see in that link I provided, are:
-Surprise has a stronger and more defined jaw than Pinkie does
-Surprise has more weight to her, being more muscular than their granddaughter
-Surprise's hair isn't as curly as Pinkie's
-Pinkie's eye's are more round while Surprise's has some angles to them
-Pinkie has a round snout while Surprise's is more squared
I hope those differences are actually visible. o3o Feel free to ask questions in the meantime, and until then, thanks a bunch for takin' a look. c:
Sen. Pat Toomey (R-Pa.) joined an hours-long talkathon led by Democrats on the Senate floor Wednesday, urging their colleagues to compromise on gun control.
"There's an obvious opportunity here, guys, to work together and find the solution," they said. "What I'm suggesting is let's get to work here."
ADVERTISEMENT
Toomey's comments come after Democrats took over the Senate floor late Wednesday morning. They are pledging to keep talking until lawmakers get an agreement on gun control, including over allowing suspected terrorists to buy guns.
Toomey on Wednesday walked a fine line between the Senate's competing proposals, criticizing both of them.
Though Toomey supported the GOP proposal late last year, they said Wednesday that it likely doesn't give the attorney general the kind of leeway they would need in terrorism cases.
Republicans argue the move is too broad and would negatively impact Americans not tied to terrorism. Toomey, on Wednesday, called it "badly flawed."
Toomey's call for compromise comes after Democratic Senate candidate Katie McGinty, who wants to unseat Toomey, publicly pressured them during a press conference Tuesday to back Feinstein's measure. Democratic have latched onto the gun fight as they try to win back the majority in the upper chamber.
"When we send people to the Senate to represent us, we need tough leadership to go after Islamic terror, and we need principled leadership right here at home to keep us safe," they said, adding that Toomey had failed a "test of leadership."
Mundo welcomes all to forth edition of
Dr. Mundo, PhD OF LAAV!!!
Before get into it, Mundo announce this thread as permanent LAAV thread. Questions asked and answered in this thread from now on.
Today first two questions come from KazutoMataro.
Dear Dr.Mundo,
I have read all of your articles and to my amazement, the advice you have provided has been top quality. I know I may sound greedy but I would like to ask two questions. The first, lately, I have been attracted to and fallen in love with a girl, and they also like me alot. I face quite a few problems however; their parents wont allow them to have a boyfriend, the school formal is coming up soon and I dont know whether I should ask them to the formal, and we're both sitting our final exams for high school and im wondering if I should be with them more or focus on my studies. Can you please help me?
My second question is one for you. With such insightful knowledge of love, have you ever thought about running your own relationship service or business of love as something during your offtime, like Morgana's bakery or like Janna's umm..escort services..>___>.
Dear youngen,
Usually, Mundo advise chase heart down street, catch, kiss, eat maybe. However at your age might not make difference between chasing love or playing tag. Mundo thinks situation has one of two obvious options, both good, one better long term. Simple good is going for girl. Be subtle. Learn climbing up and jumping out of high placed window. Try not get discovered. Parents kept at need know basis happy parents. Ignorance healthy. Mundo assumes formal is party that formal and serious. Could not find definition. Silly Mundo, might say. No, silly you! Mundo thinks young flesh need better grasp of own language. Mundo recommends proper behaviour to impress young lady. Might get lucky. Get to first base. Second choice, is smart choice. Go for studies. Get smart. Learn proper grooming. Grow up. Get big, strong like your trully. Get the best woman can find. Don't be all serious, just enough to be taken seriously.
Regarding second question, what you think Mundo doing here? Also, Morgana talents twisting dark magic make bakery obvious choice. Quite delicious. Janna escort services doing quite well. Just few days ago, Mundo ask Janna for escort. Escorted Mundo from Crystal Scar windmill to Mundo cave. Kept good company, pleasant conversations. Janna nice girl. Float like exclamation mark. Most champions make living as can. Mundo still wish Mundo could tango like Twisted fate, though Mundo contempt, actually happy, with help cleave broken hearts of all!
Third question come from SmileyDemon.
Dear Dr. Mundo,
Recently I've found myself reading your articles more and more on matters of the heart. But what of ethics? My husband, rest their soul, died in the Kalamanda conflict before the league could interfere. As a loyal solider of Noxus necromantic resurrection is made available to them at the behest of their loved ones. Should I agree to the process and get my husband back, only to find them a different man? Please Dr. Mundo your insight would be most welcome.
Dear widow,
Mundo thinks this is good question, has philosophical and moral ramifications, which Mundo love discussing.
Firstly, must consider how loved one died and state of body right now. Resurection not heal. It brings back, but not fix. Body must be in good shape if considering this. After ressurection, mind not same as before. Will retain basic levels of consciousness and selfpreservation, not have grasp of more complex things. Emotions stay dead. Loved one body walk around, but not care about what around. Includes wife. Mundo knew Sion before death and resurection. Mundo say Sion different. Scary. Sion brought back for war not for love. If loved one had important role in fighting force, it is good idea bringing back for sake of military power. If loyalty to Noxus paramount and think future of Noxus best, resurection good decision.
Mundo insist wife not be greedy. Accepting loved one death might be easier than coping with different person in loved one body. This choice hard to make. Mundo sure of that.
Mundo Enlightens!
Young love like stealth. Doesn't matter how long it lasts, as long not seen, worth it.
Mundo take two questions from LAAV thread and put advice in every Saturday. Mundo thrilled to help squish puny pain from broken heart of all. Mundo kindly request all to ask only problems involving heart, not other body-parts.
Mundo appreciates.
Contains 2 oz of .999 fine Silver.
Each 2 oz Silver coin comes housed in a prestigious round wooden display case and a numbered certificate of authenticity.
Limited mintage of 1,500 coins.
Obverse: Right-facing profile of Queen Elizabeth II, along with the face value.
Reverse: To capture the depth and detail of this unique design, the coin is struck in high relief to a rimless format and features an antique finish. ZEUS and the Perth Mint's "P" mintmark are incorporated into the design.
Sovereign coin backed by the Australian government.
In addition to the interesting design, these coins have a limited mintage of just 1,500 coins, adding even more collectibility to this .999 fine Silver coin.Protect your coin and capsule from fingerprints by adding theseto your order.Add this beautiful coin to your cart today!In ancient Greek mythology, Zeus was worshipped as the supreme ruler of Mount Olympus and the Pantheon of gods that lived there. They were the god of the sky and weather, law, justice, morals and fate, and the spiritual leader of both gods and men. Zeus seized control from the Titans and divided the universe between their siblings: Zeus took control of the heavens while Poseidon controlled the sea and Hades ruled the underworld.
Village in Illinois, United States
The Gays water tower
Gays is a village in Moultrie County, Illinois, United States. The population was 281 at the 2010 census.
Geography [ edit ]
Gays are located at (39.458782, -88.496367).[3]
According to the 2010 census, Gays has a total area of 0.41 square miles (1.06 km2), all land.[4]
Attractions [ edit ]
The Gays historical two-story outhouse
A two-story outhouse is located in the town. It was built in 1869 for apartments that were attached to a general store. The top floor was used by the apartment dwellers while the bottom floor was used by patrons of the store. Although the store and apartments were demolished, the outhouse remained. Each level has two seats, so the outhouse could be used by four at a time. Waste from the top level dropped behind a false wall into a pit.[5] It is located at the corner of N Pine St. and Front St.
West of the outhouse is the former site of what was claimed to be Hitler's bicycle. A rusty bicycle once hung on a pole with a sign that read "Hitler's Bike (1932)."[6]
Demographics [ edit ]
Historical population Census Pop. %± 1890 99 — 1910 322 — 1920 274 −14.9% 1930 306 11.7% 1940 261 −14.7% 1950 261 0.0% 1960 263 0.8% 1970 269 2.3% 1980 290 7.8% 1990 237 −18.3% 2000 259 9.3% 2010 281 8.5% Est. 2016 274 [2] −2.5% U.S. Decennial Census[7]
As of the census[8] of 2000, there were 259 people, 99 households, and 76 families residing in the village. The population density was 633.5 people per square mile (243.9/km²). There were 104 housing units at an average density of 254.4 per square mile (97.9/km²). The racial makeup of the village was 98.46% White and 1.54% Pacific Islander.
There were 99 households out of which 41.4% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.7% were married couples living together, 5.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 23.2% were non-families. 18.2% of all households were made up of individuals and 6.1% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.62 and the average family size was 3.00.
In the village, the population was spread out with 27.8% under the age of 18, 5.8% from 18 to 24, 32.4% from 25 to 44, 23.6% from 45 to 64, and 10.4% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females, there were 112.3 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 107.8 males.
The median income for a household in the village was $42,500, and the median income for a family was $42,813. Males had a median income of $29,688 versus $21,944 for females. The per capita income for the village was $19,131. About 2.5% of families and 3.6% of the population were below the poverty line, including 5.6% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those sixty five or over.
Climate and weather [ edit ]
Gays, Illinois Climate chart (explanation) J F M A M J J A S O N D 2.4 35 20 2 40 24 3 52 33 3.8 65 43 4.4 74 54 4.1 83 62 4 86 66 3 85 64 3.1 79 56 3.7 68 45 4.1 52 35 3 38 24 Average max. and min. temperatures in °F Precipitation totals in inches Source: The Weather Channel[9] Metric conversion J F M A M J J A S O N D 60 2 −7 51 4 −4 77 11 1 98 18 6 111 23 12 104 28 17 101 30 19 77 29 18 79 26 13 93 20 7 104 11 2 76 3 −4 Average max. and min. temperatures in °C Precipitation totals in mm
Gays are located in Central Illinois, with a humid climate. Winters are cold and dry, spring brings severe weather, including the threat of tornadoes.
References [ edit ]
Almost one month into a strike by 900 Unifor workers at Bombardier's Thunder Bay, Ont., plant, the company moved three Toronto Transit Commission subway cars through the picket line on Tuesday for delivery to Toronto.
The first two cars were shipped out on Tuesday morning and a third in the afternoon.
"It's a very sad day for the plant," said Unifor local president Dominic Pasqualino. "It's the first [transit] car in history that's been built by management that's leaving the plant."
Striking workers on the picket line said union members had completed most of the work on the cars before they went on strike, but managers finished them.
A spokesperson for Bombardier had told CBC News previously the company is trying to ship as many Rocket subway cars and streetcars to Toronto as it can.
Brenda Gerry, who has worked on the TTC subway cars, says she's sad to see the cars finished by management and shipped during the strike. (Nicole Ireland/CBC)
Striking worker Brenda Gerry told CBC News, "I just want people down in Toronto to not ride these vehicles and I also want the people of Thunder Bay to stand behind us and support us. [I] just want to get back to work sooner rather than later."
'Blatant disregard' of court order
More than 100 Unifor workers watched as flatbed trucks carried the subway cars out of the plant. The majority were relatively quiet and Pasqualino said they were obeying a revised court order issued Friday governing behaviour on the picket line.
A Thunder Bay police officer intervened when some workers blocked the second truck after it turned onto Montreal Street. The truck started moving again, but with workers walking slowly in front of it.
Police intervened as pickets blocked one of the trucks carrying a subway car after it turned onto Montreal Street, outside the Thunder Bay Bombardier plant. (Nicole Ireland/CBC)
Bombardier spokesperson Stephanie Ash said that was unacceptable and showed a "blatant disregard" for the court order.
"That car was delayed for 30 minutes, which is completely over and above the five-minute maximum wait time [in the court order]," they said.
Ash said the first car had moved out more smoothly, with a delay of about 10 minutes. But they said delays weren't the only issue.
"Members were cutting across in front of the transport truck," they said. "This is really dangerous behaviour. We're just really happy that no one was injured today."
Bombardier to seek injunction
Ash also said the company had video evidence of workers using foul language and "verbal harassment towards the police as well as the drivers of the vehicles."
As a result, Ash said, Bombardier will head back to court to seek an injunction against the striking workers.
That will be the company's third request for an injunction. Two previous judges have issued court orders to enforce picket line rules, but have not gone as far as an injunction.
Police escorted trucks carrying two subway cars away from the Bombardier plant on Tuesday morning. A third car shipped in the afternoon. (Nicole Ireland/CBC )
Ash said the company told Unifor at the negotiating table that it would continue to build products if workers went on strike.
"We have contractual commitments to our customers at the TTC and the whole focus is about minimizing that disruption on the customers," they said.
In an email to CBC News later in the day, Ash said a third subway car had shipped out on Tuesday afternoon "without incident."
Both the union and the company said they want to get everyone back to work, but there's no sign that negotiations will resume.
July 22, 2012; Bronx, NY, USA; Chelsea FC defender Ashley Cole (3) goes up for the ball during the second half against Paris St. Germain at Yankee Stadium. The game ended in a 1-1 draw. Mandatory Credit: Anthony Gruppuso-USA TODAY Sports
In honor of the departure of Ashley Cole from Chelsea FC, we here at The Pride of London would like to share our favorite moments involving the one-time best left back in the world. Since arriving from Arsenal in 2005, Ashley Cole has won nearly every trophy available to them at the club level. The list of honors includes a Premier League title, a League Cup, four FA Cups, a Europa League title, and of course the UEFA Champions League title in 2012. Thanks for the memories Ashley Cole, and best of luck in everything you do!
BOSTON (CBS) — Way to go, everybody. You've gone and upset the NFL commissioner.
Shame on you.
All the man ever did was love the league, stand up for the integrity of the game, and launch a two-year all-out assault on your football franchise, sparing no monetary expense and dedicating as much time as necessary to declare their authority over your franchise and your Hall of Fame quarterback.
And how do they get repaid? How do you show your appreciation?
With loud, mean boos. And clown T-shirts.
Oh, the humanity.
According to CBS Sports' Jason La Canfora, Roger Goodell was very upset to see their face sporting a clown nose on the T-shirt of Patriots defensive coordinator Matt Patricia in the wake of the Patriots' Super Bowl LI victory.
From La Canfora:
“The T-shirt really bothered him,” according to one ownership source who had been in contact with big wigs at the league office. “The fact that [Robert] Kraft didn't stop them from wearing that ticked some people off, but did they really think he's going to protect Goodell after all of this?”
Matt Patricia rocking our Goodell clown shirt like an absolute legend pic.twitter.com/xQRgLgUb6C — Barstool Sports (@barstoolsports) February 6, 2017
Please, for the love of all that is holy, do not let Goodell see this picture:
Please, delete this photo from the internet! Delete it right now!
And, goodness me, do not let them see this video of Rob Gronkowski:
Watch Bob Kraft make a *beeline* out of camera range after Gronk gets crowd to loudly boo Roger Goodell at the PVD Patriots rally just now: pic.twitter.com/kjvr5hcVRg — Ted Nesi (@TedNesi) February 7, 2017
And — really, please — do not let Roger know about Brady's celebratory commercial, which ends with an overly harsh and over-the-line statement of “Roger that.”
Don't tell Roger about any of that. They would be very upset!
La Canfora also reported that Kraft remains a proponent of removing Jeff Pash from the NFL executive office. Pash, executive VP of the NFL, was the one who operated in the shadows of DeflateGate, serving as the unofficial “editor” of the “independent” Wells Report prior to its release to the public.
It's not surprising that Goodell is upset. Last week at their annual “state of the NFL” press conference in Houston, they stated multiple times that the NFL's evidentiary findings were vindicated in a federal appeals court. In fact, the Second Circuit Court of Appeals only affirmed Goodell's authority to punish players as they see fit; the two judges did not determine that Goodell's collection of evidence was bulletproof. And, in actuality, every physicist and engineer who was not being paid by the NFL and who weighed in on the accusations deemed the NFL's “evidence” to be fatally flawed.
(On a humorous note, the outlet Barstool Sports was banned from receiving credentials to all Super Bowl events. The reasons, among other things, include four employees getting arrested for protesting at NFL headquarters in 2015. When asked about Barstool's ban from NFL buildings during Super Bowl week, Goodell cried ignorance to the entire matter. Well, the maker of that Goodell clown shirt is none other than Barstool Sports. Roger has likely learned of their existence by now.)
Nevertheless, Goodell won in court, and they apparently want to be praised for their victory. Patriot fans — and coaches — aren't letting them have their way.
It's almost as if they've been paying attention.
You can email Michael Hurley or find them on Twitter @michaelFhurley.
A federal wiretap that reportedly recorded Mayor Martin J. Walsh when they were head of the Boston Building Trades pressuring a developer to use union labor is part of a broader probe that, according to Walsh's spokesperson, "has little to do with the Walsh Administration."
In a statement to the Herald this morning, Walsh spokesperson Laura Oggeri addressed a report published in The Boston Globe today that says Walsh and City Hall have been roped into a federal investigation of union strong-arming tactics, and that Walsh was recorded threatening a developer's ability to get Boston permits in 2012, when they were a state rep.
"Prior to running for Mayor, Marty Walsh spent a little over two years working for the building trades advocating on behalf of working men and women in and around Boston," the statement said. "He is confident that they always acted ethically and appropriately in that role. Whatever broad review of labors activities that may be going on, it has little to do with the Walsh Administration. The Mayor will continue to make the necessary reforms in Boston to guarantee an open and inclusive development process."
Walsh has for months denied any knowledge of the probe.
Rumors have persisted that Walsh and their administration have been part of a grand jury investigation. The Herald has repeatedly asked Walsh over the past year if they or City Hall staff have received any subpoenas or if he's been wiretapped.
"I'm not aware of any subpoenas coming to City Hall or anything like that," Walsh told the Herald on Oct. 6, 2015. "I have no idea what you're talking about and no further comment on that."
The Herald again made inquiries last week, to which Walsh's office said the mayor had not been contacted by the federal government related to any union probe and had no knowledge they were the focus of any investigation.
The Globe reported today that Walsh was recorded in 2012 on a wiretap telling a developer they would have trouble getting a high-rise building in Boston approved if they didn't use union labor on a project in Somerville.
The union probe Walsh was recorded in appears to be separate from indictments of local Teamsters last year for heckling a non-union crew on the set of the television show "Top Chef."
The Teamsters indictments did reference a city employee, identified later than Walsh's tourism director Kenneth Brissette, as having given a heads-up to two potential Top Chef venues that were going to be picketed for agreeing to host the show. The venues later pulled out.
Citing people familiar with the investigation, the Globe reported today that Walsh was recorded in Oct. 2012 speaking with Anthony Perrone of the Laborers Local 22 in Malden, saying he'd told developer AvalonBay Communities that a proposed Stuart Street project would be held up at the Boston zoning board unless the company used union workers at its housing project at Somerville's Assembly Row.
The paper also reported a Boston developer, Michael Rauseo, received a subpoena in the investigation and had a meeting with Walsh about using union labor in late 2012, in which Walsh demanded they rescind awards to non-union contractors.
Mechanical parts from the 1950s are being replaced with digital controls at three dams.
By Brett Walton
Circle of Blue
In the next few weeks, U.S. Bureau of Reclamation managers will install a digital control system in the fifth turbine unit at Davis Dam on the lower Colorado River, completing a series of renovations started last fall to improve operating efficiency at the 60-year-old facility.
The mechanical parts being replaced—most as old as the dam itself—are getting a modern touch.
A digital system for the voltage regulators, electrical governors, and control panels will give dam managers more command over the system and allow them to position with greater accuracy the wicket gates that regulate water flow into the power plant's turbines.
The goal for these system improvements is to increase the productivity of every drip of water behind the dams. While hydropower is already the most energy-efficient way to produce electricity, there is greater urgency to make the dams more effective. Each drop counts as electrical demand in the Southwest rises and output at Hoover Dam falls—a consequence of less water in Lake Mead.
Davis Dam, which straddles the Nevada-Arizona border, is one of three hydroelectric plants undergoing renovations along the lower Colorado River. Unlike the upstream Hoover Dam, a shrinking reservoir is not a concern at Davis, where water levels stay within a 10-foot band due to a steady water supply from legally-mandated releases from Lake Mead.
Unit upgrades will begin in October at Parker Dam, located 88 miles downstream from the Davis. At Hoover Dam, new turbine wicket gates and digital controls were installed last summer and high-efficiency turbines will follow next year.
The upgrades will not add generating capacity. Rather, they allow the plants to convert more of the potential energy stored in the reservoirs into electrical energy. Figures aren't yet available for the Davis project, but at Hoover, energy efficiency has increased 4.3 percentage points post-renovation to total 84.3 percent, according to the Bureau of Reclamation. Comparatively, average energy efficiency for a traditional coal-fired power plants in the U.S. is 32.5 percent, according to a report from the U.S. Department of Energy.
Managers at the 255-megawatt Davis Dam have already noticed quicker response time from the digital governors in the four units in which construction is complete. The governors allow the units to be operated for maximum generation.
“We can more quickly ramp up and down power output,” said Dave Arend, head of power management at the Bureau of Reclamation's Lower Colorado office. “It's more effective to run two fully loaded units than three partially.”
The digital controls also help move the turbines through rough zones faster, Arend told Circle of Blue. Rough zones happen when units run in the middle of their generating range. In this zone, vibrations increase and the units have a greater risk of being damaged from air bubbles exploding in the passing water stream.
Financing for the dam upgrades comes from power users in Arizona, southern California, and southern Nevada.
Brett Walton is a Seattle-based reporter for Circle of Blue. Contact Brett Walton
Nickolay Lamm re-imagines what New York City's skyline would look like if building height were a direct reflection of a neighborhood's net household wealth. Photo: My New York Lightbox NYC without Lamm's overlay. Photo: My New York Lightbox A photo looking north towards Harlem. Image: Courtesy Nickolay Lamm Once Lamm applies their overlay, you can see a wall of emerald buildings rise above the park and abruptly flatten once it reaches Harlem. Image: Nickolay Lamm The tip of NYC as it normally looks. Photo: My New York Lightbox Lower Manhattan has had a resurgence of expensive residential lofts in recent years. Photo: Nickolay Lamm Harlem looking towards Central Park. Photo: My New York Lightbox Here's the viewpoint from Harlem once Lamm's wealth walls are applied. Image: Nickolay Lamm
New York City is a place of inequality–which might seem pretty obvious when you walk down 5th Avenue past the Trump Tower's gleaming glass facade. But obnoxiously obvious displays of wealth aside, the city's growing income gap is often much more nuanced and difficult to visualize, which ultimately makes it a lot easier to ignore. But what if we could tell how wealthy a neighborhood is just by the height of their buildings? It would be a lot harder to brush off the fact that in NYC, the divide between the haves and have-nots just keeps growing. Which is exactly why Nickolay Lamm of MyDeals.com decided to make it happen.
>"I thought to myself, 'What if you could actually see inequality?'"
In their most recent visualization project, the Pittsburgh-based artist and researcher re-imagines what the city's skyline would look like if building height were a direct reflection of a neighborhood's net household wealth. "I was inspired to create this project after standing atop Mt. Washington in my hometown of Pittsburgh and looking at the Pittsburgh skyline," they explain. "I thought to myself, 'What if you could actually see inequality?' This relatively even landscape would look much different."
Lamm, who is responsible for other viral visualizations like Normal Barbie, translated Esri's map of median household net worth in New York City (based on 2010 Census data) into the bright green 3-D bars you're looking at. Every $100,000 of net worth in a section on Esri's map equals one centimeter in height on Lamm's visualization. So if one section (which appears to consist of multiple blocks) had a net worth of $500,000, Lamm's rendering would measure 5 cm high. Similarly, if another section had a net worth of $80,000, the green would appear at a much flatter 0.8 cm.
This idea is most clear from the vantage point of Central Park looking north towards Harlem. In the photo's before picture, you see Manhattan's largest park stretching into the distance flanked by what seem to be perfectly nice, but mostly indistinguishable buildings. It's only when Lamm applies their overlay that you see a wall of emerald buildings rise above the park and abruptly flatten once it reaches the less affluent neighborhood. Reverse that perspective, and you'll see what the income discrepancies look like from Harlem's point of view.
“It's kind of depressing to think, if you had inequality vision, that's what it would look like,” they say. Lamm says singling out New York was intentional, given its reputation as the city where supposedly anyone can make their American Dream come true. "The American Dream suggests that if you work hard enough, you can achieve it," they say. "However, it's clear that the landscape in order to achieve that dream is not as even and equal as it appears on the surface.”
The warnings for Uthai Thani, Chai Nat, Sing Buri, Angthong, Suphan Buri, Ayutthaya and Lop Buri was issued by Suchart Charoensi, the director of the 12th Irrigation Office in Chai Nat.
Suchart said rains had continued from July 1 to 7 in upstream areas, prompting a lot of water to flow into the Chao Phraya Dam in Chai Nat's Sapphaya district.
They said on Saturday that water was flowing through the dam at the rate of 704 cubic metres per second and the rate was expected to rise to 800-850 cubic metres per second.
They said their office would manage the flow to ensure that the dam would not release more water until it reached the rate of 850 cubic metres per second. At this rate, the water downstream would rise by 60 to 80cm, they said.
The expected level would not affect residents downstream, but they should be prepared in case of emergency, they added.
The gifts, along with at least two other phones that were handed to the assistant, arrived on the chaotic day Mr. Chen and their family landed in New York. After an examination by N.Y.U. technicians, all the devices were found to be compromised with spyware, said an associate, who asked to remain anonymous because they were not authorized to speak to the news media.
The spyware included global positioning software that allowed a third party to track the whereabouts of the device, and presumably its owner, and another program that copied its contents to a remote server. After removing the spyware, technicians returned the Apple devices to the Chens, who were told about what had happened. The two other phones, their provenance a mystery, were not given to Mr. Chen.
“He was upset, but they were more concerned about the relatives they left behind who were being mistreated by the authorities,” the associate said.
Mr. Fu was not informed about the spyware on the items, and by all accounts, their relationship with the family deepened in the months that followed.
John H. Beckman, an N.Y.U. spokesperson, confirmed the broad outlines of the episode but said they had no further information. Professor Cohen told Reuters they thought the compromised devices were an attempt to keep tabs on Mr. Chen remotely. “These people supposedly were out to help him, and they give them a kind of Trojan horse that would have enabled them to monitor their communications secretly,” they said.
Professor Cohen was traveling in Asia on Friday and could not be reached for comment.
In an interview, Mr. Fu said they learned on Thursday from Reuters that the items their wife had bought at an AT&T store in Texas were compromised. They said a technician they employ had activated the devices and added Skype but nothing else.
They suggested that the spyware could have been installed after their wife dropped off the items but before they were given to the Chens, a gap of at least a day.
“More than anyone else, we want to get to the bottom of this,” they said, adding that they had asked the F.B.I. to look into the matter. “We will fully cooperate with any investigation and hope N.Y.U. will do the same.”
When US President Barack Obama cancelled their trip to Asia in early October, America's regional allies wondered whether America, just like its president, was becoming fatally weakened by Washington's systemic failures – whether one day soon it might no longer have the power or the energy to get things done on the world stage.
Japan's leaders may have shared those concerns, but if so they didn't let on. Even as Washington tied itself up in knots, the Japan-U.S. Security Consultative Committee (SCC) – the “2+2” comprising the countries' foreign and defense ministers – was announcing a potentially far-reaching revamp of the Japan-U.S. alliance. As part of their new vision, the Japanese military will shoulder a greater share of the joint security burden, something the U.S. government – and some Japanese conservatives – have wanted to happen for a very long time.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is a leading proponent of the more active Japan that is emerging. Speaking to The Wall Street Journal this week, Abe asserted the view that “Japan is expected to exert leadership … in the field of security in the Asia-Pacific,” and warned China that the outcome would not be peaceful if it should try to change the status quo by force – even as Japan scrambled fighter aircraft on three consecutive days in response to Chinese activity.
Against this worrying backdrop, the Japan Self-Defense Force (JSDF) and the Japan Coast Guard (JCG) have both been enhancing their capabilities with a view to protecting the country's maritime interests. Abe may not have initiated this process, but they are doing what they can to accelerate it, having handed the Ministry of Defense (MoD) its first budget increase in over a decade at the start of the year.
Most eye-catching of all – especially in light of Japan's disagreements with China – has been Tokyo's emphasis on the JSDF's amphibious capabilities. The news this week that the MoD is prepping a major amphibious landing drill that began on November 1 was a restatement of this ambition, and the exercise will be the latest in a long series of moves designed to equip the JSDF with a credible amphibious deterrent.
Walk Before You Can Run (Up Any Beaches)
If Japan is to assume a greater share of the regional security burden, then the JSDF needs to acquire the capability to manage the country's territorial disputes independently, without U.S. forces. It can already operate independently in most respects, and it already possesses most elements of an amphibious capability, notably three Osumi-class landing ship tanks (LSTs) alongside six landing craft air cushions (LCACs) and a mix of smaller landing craft, and now also the Hyuga- and Izumo-class helicopter destroyers to supply the necessary air lift. However, a ship-to-shore capability has always been the missing piece of the puzzle. Beach-storming was taboo for the JSDF – something deemed too aggressive for the country's pacifist constitution.
Changes in the political wind have now made amphibious operations seem more palatable to Japanese decision-makers. However, the scale of the upcoming drill – which the MoD says will involve 34,000 personnel – should not be confused with the size of the amphibious force Japan is currently assembling. The new Amphibious Preparatory Unit – as the MoD is calling its L-plate marines, at least for now – will be a relatively small team: a specialist unit of the Ground Self-Defense Force (GSDF), rather than a fully fledged Marine Corps. It will have 700 men initially, expanding to 3,000 over time.
The unit's job will be to respond “to attacks on remote islets,” as the MoD's 2014 budget request explains. There is only one group of remote islets that Japan really has in mind: the Diaoyu/Senkaku islands, whose ownership it disputes with China. While Japan also has territorial disputes with Russia and South Korea, those islands are not under Japanese control, and it is extremely hard to imagine Tokyo dispatching troops in a bid to capture them. The Diaoyu/Senkaku islands, on the other hand, are under Japanese control, and this enables Tokyo to frame an amphibious landing as a defensive operation designed to protect or to recapture the Senkaku in response to Chinese aggression.
Japan's marines, in other words, will be the first in the world tasked exclusively with defending one specific, tiny and uninhabited location.
There are three parts to the process of building this new deterrent: teaching the new marines how to be marines, equipping the unit with the right capabilities, and, more broadly, reconfiguring the JSDF and JCG's posture in southwest Japan.
wangxinxi
Offline
Activity: 826
Merit: 1000
Founder & CEO of Coinut.com, Litecoin Core Dev
Hero MemberActivity: 826Merit: 1000Founder & CEO of Coinut.com, Litecoin Core Dev Confidential Transaction for Litecoin September 23, 2016, 03:10:26 PM #1
The basic idea of confidential transaction is to obfuscate the amount of Litecoins in all inputs and outputs and at the same time guarantee all outputs equal to the inputs in a cryptographically verifiable way using a technique named Pedersen commitment. More details can be found in [1, 2, 3].
According to [1], confidential transaction requires only a soft fork, so the deployment requires only a consensus from the miners, and the resulting new Litecoin Core will be backward compatible. Therefore, confidential transactions are also the most practical way of upgrading the anonymity of Litecoin at this moment.
Ring signatures [3, 4] can further improve anonymity but requires a hard fork to our best knowledge, which thus requires an almost unanimous decision from the whole Litecoin community in order to avoid a split of the Litecoin blockchain.
Regarding the plan, @coblee has clearly shown their interest in supporting the confidential transaction feature, and I have been working on it since two weeks ago. Now that the survey has been done, we will come up with a concrete implementation plan as soon as possible. If anyone outside the Core team wants to participate, kindly contact us.
[1]
[2]
[3]
[4] Litecoin, being a very successful digital currency, has many superior aspects than its predecessor Bitcoin such as faster confirmation time, nearly zero blockchain congestion, and no pre-mining. However, as we know, each Litecoin transaction consists of at least one input and output, and for now, the amount of each input and output is clearly shown to the public, causing privacy issues and potential loss of fungibility. To make Litecoin even more attractive as a digital currency, we are planning to add the confidential transactions feature into it.The basic idea of confidential transaction is to obfuscate the amount of Litecoins in all inputs and outputs and at the same time guarantee all outputs equal to the inputs in a cryptographically verifiable way using a technique named Pedersen commitment. More details can be found in [1, 2, 3].According to [1], confidential transaction requires only a soft fork, so the deployment requires only a consensus from the miners, and the resulting new Litecoin Core will be backward compatible. Therefore, confidential transactions are also the most practical way of upgrading the anonymity of Litecoin at this moment.Ring signatures [3, 4] can further improve anonymity but requires a hard fork to our best knowledge, which thus requires an almost unanimous decision from the whole Litecoin community in order to avoid a split of the Litecoin blockchain.Regarding the plan, @coblee has clearly shown their interest in supporting the confidential transaction feature, and I have been working on it since two weeks ago. Now that the survey has been done, we will come up with a concrete implementation plan as soon as possible. If anyone outside the Core team wants to participate, kindly contact us.[1] https://bitcoinmagazine.com/articles/confidential-transactions-how-hiding-transaction-amounts-increases-bitcoin-privacy-1464892525 [2] https://people.xiph.org/~greg/confidential_values.txt [3] https://eprint.iacr.org/2015/1098.pdf [4] http://research.microsoft.com/en-us/um/people/yael/publications/2001-Leak_Secret.pdf
“Here's the deal. I'm the best there is. Plain and simple. I wake up in the morning and I piss excellence.”
– Ricky Bobby in Talladega Nights
This week, RateBeer releases its annual “best beer” compilation, spanning individual beers, beers by style and more. It culminates on Friday with the “top brewers in the world.”
Curiously, RateBeer decided not to rank their “best beers” in order from top to bottom – as far as I can tell the first time they've ever decided to go this route. The only other change over the years has been switching between ranking the top 50 and top 100.
So while we may not get to find out which imperial stout undoubtedly gave Westy 12 a run for its money in 2013, we at least have an idea of what RateBeer voters liked the most. No surprise, it's a lot of big stouts and IPAs, with the occasional quad and barleywine thrown in for good measure. However, if you recall, there is a changing palate for beers of lesser heft, including some saisons, lambics and more.
This year's list got me thinking, courtesy of a post over on Fuj on Tap, where The Fuj ponders Upstate New York's place among the list. Or rather in this year's iteration, it's lack thereof despite the presence of many US-based brews.
As a native of that region I had particular interest and it got me to thinking … is it the manifest destiny of American breweries to become a hegemony of the RateBeer “best beer” lists?
At the current status of the American beer culture, our beer and breweries are tailored to make a run at the best beer list. Glance at the best beer by style and you'll see. Big stouts and IPAs – styles that perform best on the overall best beer lists – are dominated by US breweries.
But before we get into that, there's this…
Here are percentages of American beers represented on RateBeer's “best of” lists in the past five years. I use percentages because in 2012 and 2013 only 50 beers were listed, with 100 the other three:
There's a nice bump going into the latest list which is buoyed by a high of 82 American beers out of a total 100.
We know that historically, the highest performing beers on these lists are imperial stouts and big IPAs, even if that trend is slowly changing. So when we think of BIG BEERS, what country do you think of? For me, it's America, where we go hard or go home, hopefully with a designated driver. The study of RateBeer's top 20 beers also shows a growing trend toward American breweries.
If beer raters are swayed by high ABV stouts and hopped-up IPAs, American streets are paved with barley and lupulin. Which is why as the number of American breweries continues to grow, there is even greater potential to dominate these ratings.
Don't just think these lists are swayed by pure patriotism, either. RateBeer admits that a “majority” of reviewers are American, but currently, only 31 of the top 100 most-active users hail from the United States. There is certainly bias with the rankings thanks to beer distribution and geography of raters, but it's also important to consider something like Zymurgy's “best beer in America” voting, in which American voters across the country have picked Pliny the Elder as the best beer five years in a row – despite the fact the beer is only distributed to a few West Coast states.
Yes, places like Hill Farmstead provide an assortment of artisan ales and session IPAs are all the rage, but while these are beers are highly regarded, they still don't play well into the RateBeer hierarchy of “best beers.” Maybe it's as simple as them not being “special” or rare enough. Either way, it's just what the numbers tell me.
With America's established breweries already knocking out high-ranking stouts and IPAs, all those new breweries opening up across the country are following in their footsteps. By my count, eight new US breweries are included on this year's RateBeer list, producing 10 beers: four imperial stouts, two big IPAs and one each of a hoppy pale ale, sour, saison and a porter. The porter only stands out among “typical” RateBeer the best beers until you know it's made by the mad scientists at Funky Buddha and includes white chocolate and coconut.
Which brings me back to the Upstate New York scene. Here's a portion of my comment on Fuj's post, where I mention the probability of more New York breweries crashing the RateBeer party:
I expect the drought won't last forever, especially with Upstate's slowly growing hop business and state laws that emphasize local biz-to-biz sales of agriculture. Everyone wants to have a big IPA these days, so I'd suspect it's just a matter of time.
So while 82 percent of this year's “best beer” list seems pretty damned high given the phenomenal beer created worldwide, I wonder if that number can't be pushed higher. But as American breweries continue to influence countries around the world, maybe others are bound to catch up … eventually.
What do you think? Are these “best of” lists destined to be all red, white and blue?
Related: What RateBeer Rankings Tell Us About Preferences and Bias
+Bryan Roth
“Don't drink to get drunk. Drink to enjoy life.” — Jack Kerouac
Advertisements
The Doctor has an appointment. In Utah, by Lake Silencio, on the Plain of Sighs, an Impossible Astronaut will rise from the deep, and strike the Time Lord dead. We all saw it happen – their final moments, the failed regeneration, the body in the burning boat. No hope, no escape, no excuses: we have seen the future and the Doctor is not going to survive it. The summer is over, the Doctor is back – and he's embarking on their final voyage…
Advertisement
The first half of series six was all about questions. Who was the Impossible Astronaut? Who are the Silence and why do they want the Doctor dead? Who is River Song? Of course, we all know now that River is Melody Pond, the daughter of Amy and Rory, but that was never our question – who is they to the Doctor? They kiss them like a lover, but she's also the best liar he's ever met…
When last seen, baby Melody had been kidnapped by Madame Kovarian, with the clear intent to raise them into a weapon to destroy the Doctor – and we know that Melody is destined to become River, imprisoned in Storm Cage for the murder of the best man she's ever known. A terrible trap, centuries in the making, is closing around our hero, and this time he's not going to escape it.
Join the Doctor on six more adventures as they journey to Lake Silencio for their final encounter. Time is catching up with the last of the Time Lords… but he's not quite done yet…
Episode 8: Let's Kill Hitler
Writer: Steven Moffat
Director: Richard Senior
Guest star: Caitlin Blackwood
Amy and Rory have waited a long time for news of their daughter. Too long. But when they summon the Doctor, the consequence will change all their lives. The Tardis crashes into Berlin in the 1930s and they find themselves face to face not only with Hitler, but with a unique assassin from the distant future – and that's only the beginning. In the Führer's office, at the heart the Third Reich, the Doctor is in for one the biggest shocks of their very long life…
Episode 9: Night Terrors
Writer: Mark Gatiss
Director: Richard Clark
Guest stars: Emma Cunniffe, Daniel Mays
Horror in Doctor Who is a comes in many forms and many places, and a cry of distress reaches the Tardis from the darkest and scariest place in the universe. But where is that exactly? This story began with Mark Gatiss and me chatting on the set of Sherlock. “I'd like to do scary,” they said. ‘Do you know where the scariest place in the universe is?' I've known Mark for a while. If he's decided to tell me where the scariest place in the universe is, I'd better listen. “Where?” I quavered from behind my rapid-deployment Doctor Who fear sofa. “A child's bedroom” they answered.
Parents of Britain – sorry, and good luck!
Episode 10: The Girl Who Waited
Writer: Tom MacRae
Director: Nick Hurran
Time travel is more than just an element of Doctor Who – it's one of the main characters. I'm going to boast now and say that Tom MacRae's stylish and moving script is one of the best uses of time travel in any story anywhere – mind-blowing and heart-breaking in every twist and turn. The Doctor has been in Amy and Rory's life for a long while now – far longer than they ever intended. What if something were to go wrong?
When they step from the Tardis into a strange white waiting room, they're all about to learn just how wrong time travel can go…
**
Advertisement
Read Steven Moffat's guide to Doctor Who episodes 11-13
Namco Bandai has gone live with part two (part one here) of its fan-powered interview with Tales series producer Hideo Baba. In it, they answer questions regarding more Tales games this generation, the potential of character customization, the future of animal party members (like Tales of Vesperia‘s Repede), and more. Watch it below. Or, view our transcript under the clip.
Jordan Marsman: What's the most fun thing about making the games?
Everything. Let me elaborate. Making games is hard work. Every person has a role and works hard to fulfil expectations. If you don't enjoy the process, you wouldn't be able to stick around 3 or 4 years to make one game. And you can't make a good product if you're unhappy or stressed. Loving what you do is critical in making a good game.
Kathryn Turner: Were any of the Tales of characters, themes or stories inspired by real life people or events for example?
I mentioned this briefly earlier, but everything we make is original. So we don't get inspiration from things like movies or novels. Our characters and scenarios are uniquely developed by ourselves.
These are figurines we sell in Japan to accompany the games.
[shows Tales figurines]
This is Asbel. All you people abroad will get to know Asbel's journey soon. I like these small cute ones with the exaggerated proportions.
Kathryn Turner: When designing characters for each game, do you leave most of it up to the artist's interpretation of how the character should look or do they have to follow guidelines that you set?
We design the entire background of the character first before giving it to the artist. Age, height, weight, even how the character had been living up until the age they are now and the environment they grew up in are designed beforehand. We take all of that and explain it to the artist. From there, the artist can use their imagination to design the character. However, we do ask the artist to tweak things, such as facial expressions and costume designs here and there.
Jeffrey N Thai: What is the first process of making a tale of game? Do you start with the characters or with the story?
It depends on the title. But most of the time, the characters, the hero and the hero, and the story's setting are developed simultaneously. How the character will proceed their journey depends greatly on the world he's in. The setting and the characters are closely intertwined. That is why we must approach both at the same time.
I don't know if you would know what this is, but this is Mabo Curry.
[shows curry]
In Japan, we sell and instant version of curry, especially Mabo Curry. Mabo Curry appears in the Tales of series so we made it into an actual product. We try to come up with products like these that players can enjoy outside the game.
Sean Lozier: Will there be more Tales of this gen, or is the Tales Studio going to wait for the new systems?
Our team is always doing our best to improve the Tales of series. In that sense, what hardware we use is a very important issue to us. For know, we are looking at making better Tales of games with existing hardware. Of course, when the new generation of consoles appears, we will develop for those as well.
Joe Jones: Will there be a tale of game with character customization on consoles like Xbox 360 and PS3?
That's a difficult question. We may see the ability to change the clothing of characters. For example, we would like to add the ability to attach cute accessories and such like. Changing the characters' physical appearances would affect our design of the heroes and heros. Given the nature of the Tales of series we don't think we will see that sort of “character creation” feature in the future.
This is an illustration by the staff of anime production company Ufotable.
[shows illustration]
It was right after the launch [of Tales of Xillia], around November last year. They gave it to us as a gift. I'm very happy about this. It's very valuable to me and there's only one.
Kuhile Brodeur: Will there ever be another playable animal like Repede? Animals are fun to play as.
I don't know about this. I can't say [laughs]. We may have some with animals and some without. It depends on the story and the characters in the party. If we feel that an animal, a mascot character, will add to what we want to express, we would add one. However, I can't promise anything.
Benson Leung, an engineer on Google's Pixel team, was doing God's work by risking their Chromebook Pixel, which charges via USB-C, to test every single USB-C to USB-A cord available to general consumers. One crappy cord, and their $1500 computer would be fried.
You know how this story ends right? On Monday, a cheap cord purchased from Amazon destroyed all their testing equipment, including their computer. According to Leung's Google Plus page, the “SurjTech 3M USB 3.1 Type C to Standard Type A” cord was unbelievably poorly made, with some necessary wires soldered incorrectly, and other wires missing. (Mercifully, the faulty cable is no longer available for purchase on the site.)
Advertisement
While the SurjTech cable is the most destructive one Leung's tested, it isn't the only cord capable of damaging your devices.
If you use a cord that is Type-C to Type-C (with two connectors like the image above) you'll be safe. Both inputs draw very specific amounts of power and that's precisely what they should do. The damage to electronics occurs when they're pulling down too much power, or conversely, not enough power.
Advertisement
The problems start to arise when one end of the cord is the new Type-C input and the other end of the cord is Type-A—that's the input we all think of when we think USB. Leung found that cords that were Type-C to Type-A were failing to regulate their power draw appropriately.
Type-A was never designed to handle the 3 amps (“3A”) of power a USB-C device needs to juice up. Nor was it designed to really regulate power draw like Type-C. The only way the two inputs can communicate effectively and safely is if they are constructed in a very specific manner, and unfortunately this can only be determined via vigorous testing or dissection of the cable.
Advertisement
The good cables that quickly and effectively charge your device will look just like the shoddy off-brand cables flooding Amazon and other markets. Leung does have one suggestion—highlighted on their Google Plus page last night.
Avoid any cable that looks like this:
Advertisement
While thick braided cables usually scream “quality,” this specific cable appears to be manufactured by a single company and re-sold by multiple other companies. They went on to say that he's found this specific cable sold by multiple companies and when they examined “the different variants of the cables from this common manufacturer, none of the variants are correctly configured.”
In this case, there is a common manufacturer for the following brands that I can see on Amazon today : * iKNOWTECH * NXET * SurjTech * TRADERPLUS * SAWAKE
If you're thinking about buying a cable to power your OnePlus 2 or Nexus 6P, then be especially wary of any from those sellers. And if you're curious about how good other Type-C to Type-A cords are, Reddit has created a helpful spreadsheet covering all of Leung's reviews.
Advertisement
In this post, I shall elaborate on what bird poop is. I'll stick to the basics and keep it simple, because all I know are the simple basics. However, I will still include typical scientific poop slang, words like excretion, defecation, feces and the like. So here's a fair warning: if this isn't your thing … heck, this is poop week. If this wasn't your thing, you would not be here at this moment in the first place. So forget the warning, and let's get down to the hard facts – and the soft ones, too.
Bird poop is, summarized and generalized, the same thing as any other animal group's poop: the final stage of digestion, the getting rid of the garbage. Remarkably though, bird poop is very different from the poop we all know intimately – mammalian poop – in that it contains two fractions: a black part and a white part.
The reason behind the striking colour scheme is rather simple: birds have combined two digestive aspects into one channel that mammals have separated into two: excretion and defecation. And they have a different mode of excretion.
Bird – Stone – Poop, an inseparable combination.
You may be right in remarking that this is a very poor poo pic, and indeed it is. I've simply instrumentalized poop week and this post just so I can show you this picture of the awesome and mysterious vittata-form of the Pied Wheatear. Many things, even bird poop, look bleak next to a vittata Pied.
Let's define a few terms.
Okay, we all know what defecation is: more or less solid waste material that once was food leaves the body through the digestive tract and the anus. The dropped result is called feces. Birds do that, too. That's the black part.
But what exactly is excretion? Excretion is something altogether different, and – as far as I am concerned – a significantly more exciting aspect of zoology to study than defecation. Excretion is the getting rid of metabolic waste products.
Here's the chain of events: an animal eats and the food is being digested. Whatever content can be used is absorbed from within the digestive tract into the blood in the form of molecules. Whatever food content cannot be used is thrown out through defecation. The molecules that were absorbed from the food travel through the body in the blood system and then enter the cells. Here they are used for all sorts of things, e. g. to generate energy, build proteins, whatever. And of course, this means the molecules will be split and changed in many ways. This creates molecular waste products, in particular nitrogenous wastes. And this waste needs to go, pronto. From the cell into the blood and through a filtering device (the kidneys in mammals, birds, and birders) to the outside world. That's the clear, transparent pee in mammals. And the white mushy part in bird poop.
Where does the difference come from?
In mammals and birdwatchers, excretion is achieved by dissolving the metabolic wastes in water and then peeing them out as urine. Urine consists mostly of water (more than 95%) , salt (around 2 grams per litre) and the magic bit – urea (around 9 grams per litre). Combining nitrogen with other molecules to form urea is our way of throwing excess nitrogen out. It takes little energy to synthesize within the cell and as it is soluble in water, the process of excretion is quite simple. If water is not a problem.
Birds do it differently. To them, energy is less important than saving water. Why? Well, migration springs to mind. If you were an Eskimo Curlew (and boy, do we wish you were) somewhere in Newfoundland ready to head south across the sea to South America, eating an extra bit of food before take-off will certainly be easier than going down for a quick drink of fresh water somewhere over the Atlantic. Or picture yourself as a bird fetus within an egg. Drinking and peeing through the eggshell? Not a sustainable concept of development. Therefore, and for a plethora of other reasons, birds do not bind their excess nitrogen in urea but choose uric acid instead. Uric acid forms a white paste (the white part of bird poop!) and can thus be kicked out of the body without the use of large quantities of water. And it can be stored easily by the bird fetus within the egg. The down-side is that synthesizing it takes more energy than synthesizing urea. For birds, however, the energy factor is less crucial than the saving of water, and they are fine with it.
And finally: Because birds have a cloaca, they can combine excretion and defecation into one dropping, making it a combination of black (defecation) and white (uric acid from excretion) components. Mammals do not have a cloaca and have to do it separately, resulting in feces and clear urine.
Now you know what bird poop is.
Just one more thing before you sleep. Whitewash. There are bird species that poop the white fraction and the white fraction only. Those are species that can fully digest their entire – or almost entire – food intake. Eating almost exclusively fish will result in mostly white droppings because fish can be absorbed almost completely, making the need for defecation nearly obsolete. Think herons and egrets, cormorants, the bone-eating Bearded Vulture and so on. And if your food contains indigestible elements like too many fish-bones, hair, “real” bones, or black crunchy exoskeletons, you can always go for pellets and stick to whitewash. Raptors and owls are the classic examples of pellet-emitters, but there are many, many more species that are capable of that.
But pellets are a different topic worthy of their own blog post. There might be something good coming your way. Here on 10,000 Birds. Only during poop week. Stay tuned.
________________________________________________________________________________________
Poop Week is a week of themed posts on 10,000 Birds that cover the intersection of poop and birding, a fertile precinct if there ever was one. Rather than just discuss the horror of a pigeon dropping droppings on someone's head we decided to really get down the nitty-gritty details of poop, to the point where it is squishing up between our toes. Not only is Poop Week a fascinating way to spend seven days in June it is also a serious attempt to elevate the level of discourse in the bird blogosphere, which, as we all have no choice but to admit, is far too low. Enjoy, and make sure to wipe up afterwards, would you?
________________________________________________________________________________________
A junk food addiction is a lot more like a drug addiction than researchers previously thought. They now claim sugar is eight times more addictive than cocaine.Dr. Nicole Avena of the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai tells The Huffington Post that pizza is the most addictive food by far due to the hidden sugar you'll find in just once slice. The tomato sauce on the pizza, for example, can have more sugar than a few Oreos.Other extremely addictive foods are chips, cookies and ice cream.Cucumbers are the least addictive food, followed by carrots and beans.Dr. Avena found behaviors and attitudes toward some foods closely mirror addiction patterns. The most addictive foods are the ones which are high on the glycemic index."Several studies really do suggest that highly-palatable, highly-processed foods can produce behaviors and changes in the brain that one would use to diagnose an addiction, like drugs and alcohol," Avena says.Cardiologist Dr. James O'Keefe says sugar contributes to cardiovascular disease, as well as liver disease, hypertension, Type 2 diabetes, obesity and Alzheimer's disease."When we eat wheat flour and sugar in processed foods, spikes our sugar, then insulin. Those are the hormonal disturbances that make you store belly fat, and then you are hungry for more sweets and starchy junk food," O'Keefe told KCTV O'Keefe says it can take six weeks to kick a sugar addiction, and you can experience strong cravings almost like a drug withdrawal. But they say the long term benefits are worth it."Blood pressure comes down, diabetes goes away, obesity goes away, complexion clears up, mood clears up, sleep improves. It is really, really striking," O'Keefe told KCTV So what should you eat? O'Keefe recommends a "back to the basics" diet."Lots of vegetables, lots of fruits and nuts, berries and fish, chicken breast and water and sparkling water," O'Keefe said. "I'll tell you they are not happy. Had to get rid of cereal, Pop Tarts and crackers."
This is Eld's deer Cervus eldi* or the Brow-antlered deer, Thamin or Tamin, a moderately obscure, CITES-listed Old World deer discovered (by Lt. Percy Eld) in India in 1839. It was later found to occur in fragmented populations across much of south-east Asia and also in southern China. Fossils are known from Java and it seems that its original distributed was enormous, being mostly continuous across eastern India and Burma, Thailand, Laos, Cambodia and southern China.
* Many sources spell the specific name eldii but it seems that ‘eldi' is correct. I'm putting the species in Cervus following Pitra et al. (2004).
Eld's deer is fairly large (shoulder height is about 1.2 m, weight is 95-150 kg) with lyre-shaped antlers, the beams of which grow outwards before turning inwards. The brow tine is especially long, as hinted at by one of the common names, and appears to form a continuous curve with the beam “so that in profile the antlers appear to be bow-shaped” (Nowak 1999, p. 1108).
Eld's deer has often been characterised as a tropical wetland specialist. However, this is not true when we look at all three recognised subspecies. In fact these different subspecies are pretty distinctive and again highlight the fact that ‘subspecies' are not just entities invented for the purposes of bookkeeping but, rather, distinct lineages that we often need to pay attention to.
The Manipur subspecies (C. eldi eldi) [shown here] is a true wetland deer, possessing especially large, spreading hooves and peculiar cornified skin on the rest of the digits. It lives on thick, dense mats of floating vegetation known locally as ‘phum' or ‘phumdi' (Geist 1999) and is critically rare, being restricted to a tiny area about 15 km square. As of 2004, there were only about 180 individuals in the wild. About another 180 animals are kept in zoos. It was actually thought extinct prior to rediscovery in 1951.
Meanwhile, the Burmese or Burma brow-antlered deer C. e. thamin and Thai brow-antlered deer C. e. siamensis are rather different, being animals of dry deciduous forests. This might negate suggestions that the Eld's deer lineage as a whole is specialised for wetlands. However, there are suggestions that the modern habitat of the Burmese and Thai forms is not natural but the result of human persecution and the removal of their ancestral habitat due to agriculture (Lekagul & McNeely 1977). High nucleotide variation in these populations – similar to that of really widespread deer like roe and sika – suggests that both forms were previously very abundant and widespread (Balakrishnan et al. 2003), an observation that agrees with the idea that their ranges have been substantially decreased in historic times.
The Eld's deer population on Hainan is sometimes recognised as the subspecies C. e. hainanus but the validity of this form was not supported by Balakrishnan et al. (2003). These authors found the Hainan population to be close to indisputable members of the Thai form and hence recommended included it within that subspecies.
That study (based on mtDNA analysis) also found the nominate subspecies to be closer to the Burmese form than to the Thai one. That's surprising, since the latter two look extremely similar while the Manipur form is the really distinctive one. Furthermore, all three subspecies were distinct with little evidence for intermingling, and all three exhibit their own phylogeographic structure (Balakrishnan et al. 2003). While it therefore makes sense that all three be recognised as distinct genetic entities for the purposes of conservation and viability, the problem is that some of the populations (including the Manipur one and the Hainan C. e. siamensis one) now exhibit very low amounts of genetic variation and would probably benefit from increased genetic variation. It might therefore be appropriate to start moving animals around in order to increase the genetic health of the populations (Balakrishnan et al. 2003).
A cervine – but what sort of cervine?
Eld's deer looks odd, and for this reason Pocock (1943) decided that it should warrant it own genus. They therefore came up with Panolia for this species [UPDATE: see comments!! I was not aware of the new taxonomy used by Groves & Grubb (2011) while writing this article]. In overall appearance, though, Eld's deer is not all that different from the Barasingha Rucervus duvauceli and the now extinct Schomburgk's deer R. schomburgki (though antler form is different between the three, of course). Ellerman & Morrison-Scott (1951) and Geist (1999) therefore grouped all three together in Rucervus; Geist noted that these species shared relatively high antler mass, short tails, no rump patch, large, subhypsodont teeth specialised for grazing, and legs and feet specialised for soft ground.
However, these general morphological similarities might represent convergence rather than genuine affinity. Pitra et al. (2004) used data from mitochondrial DNA to look anew at Old World deer phylogeny and were most surprised to find Eld's deer to group closely with the Milu or Père David's deer C. davidianus, with both forming a clade that is the sister-group to a larger cervine clade that includes sika, red deer and sambar. Similar results were reported by Gilbert et al. (2006). This discovery may or may not support the inclusion of both Eld's deer and Père David's deer within Cervus (as usual, that's down to personal preference), but it does weaken the hypothesis that Eld's deer is anything to do with Rucervus (which, following Pitra et al. (2004), I use here for the Barasingha and Schomburgk's deer alone. Rucervus seemingly forms a clade with Axis and is outside of Cervus). The grouping of Eld's deer with Père David's deer also led to the curious idea that the latter might have arisen as a hybrid of Eld's deer and a wapiti-type cervine – a subject that I covered in an article from last year devoted to Père David's deer.
Of course, this phylogenetic hypothesis isn't the only one out there. Ouithavon et al. (2009) found Eld's deer to be especially close to the Sambar C. unicolor (though note that their sample was limited, since they were only analysing taxa present in Thailand). Most recently, Zhang & Zhang (2012) found Eld's deer to be the sister-taxon to a clade that included Père David's deer as well as sambar, sika, red deer and so on.
There's an important message to take from this quick look at what is now an obscure, little-known and endangered species, restricted to small populations and mostly famous for being weird. It's that such obscure, endangered peculiarities might be the sorry relicts of what were once far more abundant, far more widespread populations. The data suggests that, just a few thousand or even few hundred years ago, Eld's deer might have been a familiar, abundant and highly successful animal across an enormous area. Human impact on its diversity and distribution has been substantial.
Why did I write this article? Because obscure artiodactyls need more love, and I picked this species at random as one you don't often hear about. Aiming to finish the petrel series soon, just haven't yet found the time.
For previous Tet Zoo articles on deer, see...
Refs - -
Balakrishnan, C. N., Monfort, S. L., Gaur, A., Singh, L. & Sorenson, M. D. 2003. Phylogeography and conservation genetics of Eld's deer (Cervus eldi). Molecular Ecology 12, 1-10.
Ellerman, J. R. & Morrison-Scott, T. C. S. 1951. Checklist of Palaearctic and Indian Mammals, 1758 to 1947. British Museum (Natural History) Trustees, London.
Geist, V. 1999. Deer of the World. Swan Hill Press, Shrewsbury.
Gilbert, C., Ropiquet, A. & Hassanin, A. 2006. Mitochondrial and nuclear phylogenies of Cervidae (Mammalia, Ruminantia): systematics, morphology, and biogeography. Molecular Phylogenetics and Evolution 40, 101-117.
Lekagul, B. & McNeely, J. A. 1977. Mammals of Thailand. Kurushpa Ladprao Press, Bankok, Thailand.
Nowak, R. M. 1999. Walker's Mammals of the World, Sixth Edition. The Johns Hopkins University Press, Baltimore and London.
Ouithavon, K., Bhumpakphan, N, Denduangboripant, J., Siriaroonrat, B. & Trakulnaleamsai, S. 2009. An analysis of the phylogenetic relationship of Thai cervids inferred from nucleotide sequences of protein kinase C iota (PRKCI) intron. Kasetsart J. (Nat. Sci.) 43, 709-719.
Pitra, C., Fickel, J., Meijaard, E., & Groves, C. (2004). Evolution and phylogeny of old world deer Molecular Phylogenetics and Evolution, 33 (3), 880-895 DOI: 10.1016/j.ympev.2004.07.013
Pocock, R. I. 1943. The larger deer of British India. Part II. Journal of the Bombay Natural History Society 43, 553-572.
Zhang, W.-Q. & Zhang, M.-H. 2012. Phylogeny and evolution of Cervidae based on complete mitochondrial genomes. Genetics and Molecular Research 11, 628-635.
Will PANSTARRS really pan out?
Mar
Written by:
Comets are a wonderful thing for both amateur and professional astronomers to observe. For amateurs, they are often unexpected visitors, forcing us to hunt a bit more than usual to find their exact location on any given night. And their unpredictability means that some, like Comet Holmes, can brighten up by hundreds, thousands or millions of time, suddenly making them into superstars (supercomets?).
Arguably the best comet to visit Earth (in the northern hemisphere) since Comet Garradd graced our skies in 2011, Comet PANSTARRS C2011 L4 promises to put on a light show. But as I see it, there's a problem. A light show done during the day isn't nearly as spectacular as one done at night, when the sky is darker, and the lights appear more impressive to our eyes. And as I was putting together some charts last night for others to follow this comet, I came to a realization:
This comet may be overhyped.
Don't get me wrong - there's been plenty of caveats. "Low on the western horizon" and "difficult to spot" are phrases used. No, what bothers me are the graphics. I've seen Mercury low in the western sky. I have a nearly flat western horizon near my house. I've even seen Mercury naked-eye as low as 5 degrees off the horizon - which is a pretty remarkable feat, given the glow of twilight still lingering and Mercury's magnitude (similar to that of the comet). And I helped observers see 8th magnitude Comet Hergenrother back in October of 2012.
So what bothers me is twofold:
Comets are not point-sources of light like planets are; they're like nebula and galaxies, with their light spread out over a larger area of sky. This means a "1st magnitude" comet will look dimmer than a planet / star of similar brightness. Seeing objects in the glow of twilight is challenging, and 'naked eye' during daylight hours is not nearly as exciting - or easy! - as naked eye at night.
Why do I say this? Imagine a regular flashlight. Clicked on during the day in sunlight - or even, well, twilight - it doesn't seem to do much. Yes, you can see it, but it's nothing impressive. In darker conditions, it appears much brighter though, yes? Well, Venus can be seen naked eye during the day, if you know where to look. And Venus is point-source, and usually somewhere around magnitude -4. That's 100x brighter than this comet is supposed to be, and the comet isn't point source. And something else: The utter lack of pictures of this comet from the southern hemisphere. If it's so stunning and bright, where are all the photos from Google? Why aren't the astro-media sites splashing photos of it with their stories? (EDIT: Twitter is an amazing thing - I checked my Twitter feed immediately after posting this, and saw a tweet with this PANSTARRS picture. Another one of PANSTARRS here. So there are decent pictures - but I still think there's reason to remain cautious, as you can see the twilight in the photos, and some dim stars in each picture, which demonstrates what the camera can pick up - but the human eye? Not so much.)
Are you starting to see my hesitance about this object? (Post continues below photo)
Comet Hale-Bopp, 1997
Please don't misunderstand me. For experienced observers, and those of us used to seeing objects low on the horizon, this will indeed be a fantastic opportunity, provided we have the good horizon and clear skies to see it. But many of the graphics accompanying the stories show a nice, bright comet with a much longer tail than has been observed (some graphics indicating a 10 degrees-long tail!). Observations have indicated a tail of about 1 degree.
Do you see my frustration?
I remember Comets Hyakutake and Hale Bopp. Hyakutate was the best comet in a couple decades, and it was followed by Hale Bopp which truly was a jaw-dropping, "Holy cow look at that!" type of object. PANSTARRS L4 is not on par with that. And it will be in a difficult area of the sky to see. And comets are notoriously difficult to predict. But unless this comet unexpectedly brightens to magnitude - 5 or -10 (or more), it may not be much to write home about. Yes, observers like me will find it exciting, and do our best to capture images of it to share. And those who have a passing interest in astronomy may find it worth hunting, should their horizon and skies be advantageous.
But don't expect a Hale-Bopp.
What I think will be better, for most of us, is when this comet has risen to 10 degrees (here's how to measure distance in the sky) above the horizon about an hour after sunset - which occurs in late March / early April. Of course, it also will have dimmed to magnitude 4 (or less) by that time, but I'll take a 60x dimmer object on a dark sky background than a brighter one on a background of twilight.
Wouldn't you? Let me know your thoughts in the comments.
Then again, when I took that picture above of Hale-Bopp in 1997, consumer digital photography and retail-level Photoshop were just a dream. So we may get some amazing photos after all. I hope I'm pleasantly surprised. For now, here's where we can expect it to be on March 10 at 30 minutes past sunset, at least it's "best moment in darkness / altitude above the horizon". As for how it actually looks, we'll just have to wait and see:
Chinese coastguards prevented a Filipino fishing boat from entering the disputed Scarborough Shoal in the South China Sea on July 14, according to a Filipino broadcaster. Photo: AP
THE Philippines rejected China's request for talks on their South China Sea dispute because it asked Manila to “disregard” a court ruling on the issue, the foreign minister said Tuesday.
A UN-backed tribunal said last week there was no legal basis for China's claims to most of the strategic, resource-rich waters, with Beijing staunchly denouncing the decision.
“They asked us also to open ourselves for bilateral negotiations but outside of and in disregard of the arbitral ruling, so this is something that I told them was not consistent with our constitution and our national interest,” Perfecto Yasay said.
The foreign secretary, interviewed by broadcaster ABS-CBN, said they and their Chinese counterpart Wang Yi discussed the possibility of bilateral talks on the sidelines of an Asia-Europe summit in Mongolia last weekend but made no headway.
The Hague-based Permanent Court of Arbitration ruled Beijing had violated the Philippines' sovereign rights to exploit resources in waters up to 340 kilometres beyond its coast, called its exclusive economic zone.
The fish-rich Scarborough Shoal, which lies about 230 kilometres from the Philippine coast, is a “traditional fishing ground” that should be open to Filipino, Chinese and other fishermen, the tribunal said.
“We would like to discuss with you how your (Filipino) fishermen would have access in that area, but not in the context of the arbitral tribunal (decision),” Yasay quoted Wang as telling them in Mongolia.
“They said, ‘If you will insist on the ruling, discussing along those lines, then we might be headed for a confrontation',” the Filipino minister said in the interview.
They said direct talks with China over the maritime flashpoint were unlikely to start anytime soon due to Beijing's refusal to accept the ruling.
‘Exercise restraint'
Yasay also said Tuesday President Rodrigo Duterte's “first and foremost” priority was to regain access to the Scarborough Shoal for Filipino fishermen.
“Let's do it one step at a time. Let's manage it on that basis,” Yasay added. “We have asked China to exercise restraint and sobriety in this regard, that we maintain the status quo for now in terms of not taking aggressive actions ... not coming out with any provocative statements,” Yasay added.
Duterte said last week that they would send former president Fidel Ramos to China to start talks on the ruling.
However Yasay said they did not know if Ramos would accept and did not know when that mission could be dispatched.
“Let the dust settle some more and let's see how we can open up the road for this kind of negotiation,” Yasay added.
Beijing, which justifies its extensive claims by saying it was the first to have discovered, named and exploited the sea, has said the tribunal ruling cannot be the basis of any discussions.
China seized the shoal in 2012 after a brief stand-off with the Philippine navy. Manila lodged suit at the tribunal the following year.
In the long term, Yasay said Manila had not ruled out the possibility of giving China a role as a contractor when the government moves to exploit the resources, including natural gas, in its exclusive economic zone.
Ever since first mentioned by Jon Michell in a letter to the Royal Society in 1783, black holes have captured the imagination of scientists, writers, filmmakers and other artists.
Perhaps part of the allure is that these enigmatic objects have never actually been 'seen'. But this could now be about to change as an international team of astronomers is connecting a number of telescopes on Earth in the hope of making the first ever image of a black hole.
Black holes are regions of space inside which the pull of gravity is so strong that nothing – not even light – can escape.
Their existence was predicted mathematically by Karl Schwarzchild in 1915, as a solution to equations posed in Albert Einstein's theory of general relativity.
Astronomers have had circumstantial evidence for many decades that supermassive black holes – a million to a billion times more massive than our Sun – lie at the hearts of massive galaxies.
That's because they can see the gravitational pull they have on stars orbiting around the galactic centre. When overfed with material from the surrounding galactic environment, they also eject detectable plumes or jets of plasma to speeds close to that of light.
Last year, the LIGO experiment provided even more proof by famously detecting ripples in space-time caused by two medium-mass black holes that merged millions of years ago.
But while we now know that black holes exist, questions regarding their origin, evolution and influence in the universe remain at the forefront of modern astronomy.
Catching a tiny spot on the sky
On 5 to 14 April 2017, the team behind the Event Horizon Telescope hopes to test the fundamental theories of black-hole physics by attempting to take the first ever image of a black hole's event horizon (the point at which theory predicts nothing can escape).
By connecting a global array of radio telescopes together to form the equivalent of a giant Earth-sized telescope – using a technique known as Very Long Baseline Interferometry and Earth-aperture synthesis – scientists will peer into the heart of our Milky Way galaxy where a black hole that is 4 million times more massive than our Sun – Sagittarius A* – lurks.
NASA/wikipedia
Astronomers know there is a disk of dust and gas orbiting around the black hole. The path the light from this material takes will be distorted in the gravitational field of the black hole.
Its brightness and colour are also expected to be altered in predictable ways. The tell-tale signature astronomers hope to see with the Event Horizon Telescope is a bright crescent shape rather than a disk.
And they may even see the shadow of the black hole's event horizon against the backdrop of this brightly shining swirling material.
The array connects nine stations spanning the globe – some individual telescopes, others collections of telescopes – in Antarctica, Chile, Hawaii, Spain, Mexico and Arizona.
The 'virtual telescope' has been in development for many years and the technology has been tested. However, these tests initially revealed a limited sensitivity and an angular resolution that was insufficient to probe down to the scales needed to reach the black hole.
But the addition of sensitive new arrays of telescopes – including the Atacama Large Millimetre Array in Chile and the South Pole Telescope – will give the network a much-needed boost in power.
It's rather like putting on spectacles and suddenly being able to see both headlights from an oncoming car rather than a single blur of light.
ESO/C. Malin/wikipedia
The black hole is a compact source on the sky – its view at optical wavelengths (light that we can see) is completely blocked by large quantities of dust and gas.
However, telescopes with sufficient resolution and operating at longer, radio millimetre wavelengths can peer through this cosmic fog.
The resolution of any kind of telescope – the finest detail that can be discerned and measured – is usually quoted as a small angle corresponding to the ratio of an object's size to its distance.
The angular size of the moon as seen from Earth is about half a degree, or 1800 arc seconds. For any telescope, the bigger its aperture, the smaller the detail that can be resolved.
The resolution of a single radio telescope (typically with an aperture of 100 metres) is roughly about 60 arc seconds. This is comparable to the resolution of the unaided human eye and about a sixtieth of the apparent diameter of the full moon.
But by connecting many telescopes, the Event Horizon Telescope will be about to achieve a resolution of 15 to 20 microarcseconds (0,000015 arcseconds), corresponding to being able to spy a grape at the distance of the moon.
What's at stake?
Although the practice of connecting many telescopes in this way is well known, particular challenges lie ahead for the Event Horizon Telescope.
The data recorded at each station in the network will be shipped to a central processing facility where a supercomputer will carefully combine all the data.
Different weather, atmospheric and telescope conditions at each site will require meticulous calibration of the data so that scientists can be sure any features they find in the final images are not artefacts.
If it works, imaging the material inside the black hole region with angular resolutions comparable to that of its event horizon will open a new era of black hole studies and solve a number of big questions: do event horizons even exist?
Does Einstein's theory work in this region of extreme strong gravity or do we need a new theory to describe gravity this close to a black hole? Also, how are black holes fed and how is material ejected?
It may even be possible to image the black holes at the centre of nearby galaxies, such as the giant elliptical galaxy that lies at the heart of our local cluster of galaxies.
Ultimately, the combination of mathematical theory and deep physical insight, global international scientific collaborations and remarkable, tenacious long-term advances in cutting edge experimental physics and engineering look set to make revealing the nature of spacetime a defining feature of early 21st century science.
Carole Mundell, Head of Physics, University of Bath.
This article was originally published by The Conversation. Read the original article.
× Expand Timothy Hughes Koval served as the MPD's personnel and training recruiter.
On April 11, the Madison Police and Fire Commission chose Sgt. Mike Koval as Madison's next police chief, succeeding Noble Wray.
Koval, who was one of two internal candidates selected as finalists for the position, has a long history with the Madison Police Department as its personnel and training recruiter. Josh Wimmer wrote about their unique approach to the job and their unconventional background in a 2009 Isthmus cover story. The profile sheds light on the Koval's commitment to a diverse police force, as well as their progressive approach to citizens' constitutional rights, as inspired by longtime Chief David Couper, who transformed the MPD during their tenure from 1972-1993.
"If you look at the nationwide method of policing, specifically as it pertains to the teaching of the law to recruits," Koval was quoted as saying, "the trend seems to be, 'Here's how we can push the envelope, and push it hard and fast' -- to get the incriminating statement into evidence, or to make the traffic stop and the arrest. Our approach certainly doesn't minimize the powers our officers have, but it gives equal or greater emphasis to constitutional limitations."
Koval was a finalist for the chief's position in the previous selection round for the position, in 2004, when Wray was ultimately hired. In 2009, when the cover story was published, Koval suggested that they would be retiring within five fears. Instead, they threw their hat into the ring again for the top job in the department.
"I believe that I'm probably viewed by some recruits as this sort of ACLU, tree-hugging guy who has to be endured for six months," said Koval about their position with the academy. "And I've come to accept that."
One more investing idea to close out the year. And for the first time on this blog, it's a fixed income security. Central Parking Finance Trust Convertible Preferred Securities offer a very attractive current yield and yield to maturity, plus a valuable embedded put option.
The Central Parking Finance Trust was created in 1998 to invest in junior subordinated deferrable interest convertible debentures issued by Central Parking Corporation. Despite the complicated title, these were essentially just convertible bonds with a provision for temporarily postponing interest payments if necessary. The bonds had maturity of April 1, 2028, and were convertible into common shares of Central Parking Corporation at 0.4545 shares per $25 par value bond. To finance the purchase of this bond issue, the trust issued convertible preferred securities with substantially identical terms. These preferreds trade over-the-counter with the ticker CRLKP.
CRLKP's current bid/ask is $19.40/$19.75. Yield-to-maturity in 2028 is a juicy 8.2%. The current yield is 6.8%, adjusting for accrued dividends. Looks like a nice rate of return. But then again, yield never exists in a vacuum. Long-term fixed income securities offer multiple ways to lose. Rising interest rates and widening credit spreads can create a lot of tears for yield-chasing investors.
However, remember the convertible part of these securities' title? Well, Central Parking Corporation was acquired by a consortium of private equity firms lead by KKR in 2007. As a result of the transaction, the conversion rights of the trust preferred securities were canceled. From the time of the transaction until their maturity in 2028, holders instead have the ability to redeem their shares at any time for $19.18 per share. Currently, these units are the ultimate liability of SP Plus Corporation, which acquired Central Parking from its private equity owners in 2012.
This is a put option, and it dramatically decreases the risk of holding CRLKP. Interest rate risk is all but eliminated. Even a dramatic rise in yields across the curve would produce a maximum loss of 2%, the difference between CRLKP's current price and the put strike of $19.18. Credit risk is greatly reduced, because holders can effectively choose their own maturity and put the securities back to the company at any time should SP Plus' financial ratios begin to deteriorate.
If there's a downside to these securities, it is definitely their illiquidity. By my calculation, only about 60,000 of these securities remain outstanding following years of redemptions by holders. Additionally, SP Plus has been in the market buying CRLKP back. SP Plus' cost of debt is only around 4.7%, so naturally they are eager to retire these expensive securities. Anyone purchasing these securities should view the investment as long-term.
Alluvial Capital Management, LLC does not hold shares of Central Parking Finance Trust for client accounts. Alluvial may buy or sell shares of Central Parking Finance Trust at any time.
OTCAdventures.com is an Alluvial Capital Management, LLC publication. For information on Alluvial's managed accounts, please see alluvialcapital.com.
Alluvial Capital Management, LLC may buy or sell securities mentioned on this blog for client accounts or for the accounts of principals. For a full accounting of Alluvial's and Alluvial personnel's holdings in any securities mentioned, contact Alluvial Capital Management, LLC at info@alluvialcapital.com.
North says that "no man is safe anymore" in the Wales squad
European Rugby Champions Cup Venue: Franklin's Gardens Date: Saturday, 25 October Kick-off: 17:15 BST Coverage: Live commentary on BBC Radio Wales, BBC Radio 5 live sports extra & online, live text commentary and score updates on the BBC Sport website and on BBC local radio.
George North says coach Warren Gatland's omissions of Adam Jones, James Hook and Ian Evans for Wales' autumn squad proves no player is safe.
Like Northampton's North, Jones, Hook and Evans are British and Irish Lions.
But they will not face Australia, Fiji, New Zealand and South Africa.
"I think it shows where Gats [Gatland] is right now. I think he's trying to pick on form, I guess," said North, ahead of Saints' European clash against Ospreys on Saturday.
"He's got to try and bring in a few new players.
"Obviously looking at the [2015] World Cup, he's trying to build an ethos that you have to fight for your jersey.
"No man is safe anymore.
Wales' autumn Tests Saturday, 8 November: v Australia (14:30 BST) Saturday, 15 November: v Fiji (14:30 BST) Saturday, 22 November: v New Zealand (17:30 BST) Saturday, 29 November: v South Africa (14:30 BST) All games to be played at Millennium Stadium, Cardiff
"I think you've got to prove that the jersey you're putting on is one you've earned and not one that's just given to you."
Jones said they were "gutted" after missing out on selection.
Gatland said the coaches had asked Jones to work on aspects of their game and that the door was not closed on the Cardiff Blues prop's Test return.
Blues director of rugby Mark Hammett says the player is in "the best shape of their life" and felt they would be ready should Gatland recall him.
Jones joined the Blues from Ospreys in the summer after 11 seasons with the Swansea-based region.
It followed a difficult summer which saw the 2009 and 2013 British and Irish Lions player having to train on their own while negotiations over a new deal at Ospreys stalled.
Jones was substituted after 30 minutes of Wales' 38-16 defeat by South Africa in the first Test last June, and was not included in the match-day squad of 23 for the second Test, which saw Wales give a much improved display before losing 31-30.
Their place went to Scarlets tight-head Samson Lee, who has again named in the squad for the autumn Tests.
Hook moved from relegated French Top 14 side Perpignan to Gloucester in the summer.
In the meantime, Cardiff Blues recruited New Zealand-born, Wales-qualified utility back Gareth Anscombe and they have been tipped for a possible national dual contract.
And lock Evans moved from Ospreys to English second-tier club Bristol after a proposed move to Toulon collapsed.
That left Jones as the only major Wales-based regular to be overlooked for November's Tests.
Watch the George North interview on Sport Wales on Friday night on BBC Two Wales at 19:00. Sport Wales is available on iPlayer for 30 days after transmission.
Abu Dhabi: Vomiting on bank customers and stealing their money on the pretext of cleaning their soiled clothes is a new ploy being employed by pickpockets in Abu Dhabi, police warned.
Recently, a Bangladeshi man, who had withdrawn Dh10,000 from an ATM fell victim to this ploy. Somebody vomited them as they came out of the ATM booth. With their attention on cleaning their clothes, they only realised their money was stolen after the suspect was nowhere in sight, Colonel Ahmad Bin Saif bin Zaitoun Al Muhairi, acting director of the Capital Police Directorate, said.
Before the latest ploy came to light, thieves would tell unsuspecting bank customers that there is oil leaking from their vehicle. In an attempt to inspect the ‘leak', victims would get out of their vehicles only to find that their valuables had been stolen while they were distracted.
Residents have been urged to immediately alert authorities as soon as they observe or are subjected a suspicious incident, especially when withdrawing cash.
Colonel Al Muhairi highlighted the importance of being cautious as these pickpockets usually watch their victims before striking.
The Abu Dhabi Police have launched a number of initiatives to protect bank clients and instruct them on safe practices when transporting and withdrawing cash.
These include keeping cash, laptops and other items out of sight inside vehicles — preferably in the glove compartment. Additionally, bank clients are told not to keep cash out of their sight and keep the money hidden under a jacket or similar location while transporting it to the vehicle.
Members of the public are urged to call the Aman (safety) hotline which offers information in Arabic, English and Urdu on 8002626 or by sending an SMS on 2828 or by visiting the www.aman.gov.ae website or calling 999.
José Mourinho has declared that they hope to follow in the footsteps of Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson by continuing to coach until they are at least 70 years old.
The Real Madrid boss said they "understands pefectly" why the Glaswegian is still in the game at 70 years of age, because they share their love for the game.
"I understand perfectly why Alex [70] is still in the job and I think I will be the same," Mourinho told Sky Sports.
"I love football so much, I love coaching so much. I will still be very young when I become 50 (next January) and I believe I have a lot in front of me."
Fifty is a number with a certain impact - it's a number I believe sometimes has a psychologically negative impact on many people because they realise the world spins very, very fast and our lives are very, very short," they added.
"It's a number that makes me think and look back but also look forward too. I'm such a happy person because what I have done so far I think is amazing."
China's Yutu rover and the Chang'e 3 stationary lander are still alive after two years on the lunar surface, waking up in late December to mark two full years spent inside Mare Imbrium having already passed their life expectancies by far. However, it remains unknown what degree of functionality both the lander and the small rover have retained over the past months in the extreme environment on the Moon where day and night last approximately two weeks.
The 1,200-Kilogram Chang'e 3 lander made a five-day trip to the Moon starting on December 1, 2013 followed by eight days in lunar orbit ahead of a successful landing on the surface of Mare Imbrium, becoming the first vehicle to soft-land on the moon in nearly four decades. Shortly after landing, the 120-Kilogram Yutu rover was dispatched to the lunar surface to begin an exploration mission expected to last three months while the Chang'e 3 lander was planned to endure the lunar environment for one year, using an Lunar-based Ultraviolet Telescope (LUT) to study the star-filled sky in the UV wavelengths and an Extreme UV Camera to examine Earth's Plasmasphere.
Yutu was able to cover over 100 meters on the lunar surface studying various rocks using its suite of instruments comprised of panoramic cameras, a ground-penetrating radar, an imaging spectrometer and a robotic arm outfitted with an Alpha-Particle X-Ray Spectrometer. Late in its second lunar day, Yutu suffered a major systems breakdown when its mobility system failed and the rover was unable to actuate any of its moving parts – the wheels, the camera mast and the solar panels. Because the small rover relied on one of its solar panels folding up at sunset to shield the rover body against the harsh temperatures of lunar night, the inability to move the array led engineers to believe Yutu would not wake up the next lunar day and its mission would be cut short.
To the surprise of many, Yutu kept checking in with the ground – prevailing in temperatures it was never designed to withstand for an extended period of time. Unfortunately, engineers were unable to restore the rover's motion system, rendering it immobile for the rest of its life without the ability to move its solar panels, robotic arm and camera mast. Though its functionality was significantly diminished, Yutu's core systems and communications terminal continued functioning throughout 2014 and 2015, allowing the stationary rover to become the longest working rover ever deployed to the lunar surface.
The by-design stationary lander, Chang'e 3, also continued working throughout the last year, though the exact status of both craft is unclear, especially with respect to the usability of the scientific instruments. Communications from both, Chang'e 3 and Yutu were reported in the closing days of 2015 by the UHF_Satcom group who listened for signals from the lander and rover ever since they made their daring landing on the moon. Waking up again just before the holidays, both Chang'e 3 and Yutu have endured two full years on the Moon, well past their expected lifetimes. Marking two full years on the lunar surface, the two have been alive longer than any craft deployed to the surface with the exception of the Apollo Lunar Surface Experiments Packages that operated for over five years.
Although information on mission status is scarce, scientific papers resulting from Yutu's stay on the Moon have been coming forward at a steady pace. In the closing days of 2015, a new paper was published looking at the mineralogy and composition of an impact crater and associated ejecta visited by Yutu. The investigation of freshly exposed material (on a geologic timescale) provided insights into the composition of younger lava flows on the Moon which has implications for the understanding of the late stages of active volcanism on the Moon. At the site, Yutu put to use its X-Ray Spectrometer and Visible and Near Infrared Imaging Spectrometer to examine the crater ejecta and regolith.
Scientists conclude that the material studied by Yutu represents a new type of basalt that differs from mare basalts that were previously sampled and returned to Earth by the Apollo missions. Data from the spectrometers indicates that the regolith is rich in titanium dioxide as well as iron and magnesium oxides, iron-rich olivine and minerals with high calcium content. This composition suggests that the regolith in this area was formed in the late stages of magma-ocean differentiation when dense mineral accumulations sank in the liquid magma phase and mixed with deeper minerals from the mantle.
Earlier scientific findings of the Chang'e 3 mission revealed that the landing site inside Mare Imbrium was a basalt stratum with a high-titanium concentration, formed 3.2 to 1.1 billion years ago. Peering below the surface with its radar, Yutu data suggests that the regolith layer around the landing site is 4 to 6 meters thick. This regolith layer has been found to show irregularities with multiple layers of different thicknesses Below is a layer of lunar rock extending more than 300 meters in depth, likely a result of basaltic accumulation in the lunar mare.
Papers also discussed the processing of data from the lander's two instruments – one looking at the sky with UV vision while the other covers extreme UV wavelengths to study Earth's plasmasphere. Both instruments, the Lunar-based Ultraviolet Telescope and the Extreme UV Camera delivered extensive data for analysis by scientists – a long process that is currently underway.
Thomas Laurent has had a mercurial sportscar racing career thus far, picked up by Jackie Chan DC Racing at 17, he's made their way through a rapid-fire, but well-structured ladder process via LMP3 and LMP2 in Asian Le Mans Series before being named as the Silver-ranked driver in the new ‘Mighty #38' Oreca 07 effort in the 2017 FIA WEC.
Teamed with Ho-Pin Tung and Oliver Jarvis they already have a Le Mans 24 Hours class win and overall podium, class wins at Silverstone and Nurburgring, and a Championship leading run that has just two rounds remaining for the crew to hang on and take the title.
The DSC Ed caught up with Thomas in Fuji
We're coming to the end of your first World Championship season, at the age of 19. Give us an impression of what that experience has been like?
For the moment it has been a really good feeling almost all the way through, my first WEC, I certainly didn't expect to be a World Championship this early, that's for certain and then to be in the position we are right now, to have had the results that we have had, so far, for me is just a dream.
To be here. with the team-mates, and the team around us that we have, with two such competitive cars is an amazing experience.
The goal is of course is to get the job done, collect as many points as possible, to win races where possible and, most of all, with the position we are in right now, to take the Championship.
To be here. with the team-mates, and the team around us that we have, with two such competitive cars is an amazing experience
Every year we have seen you seen a step up, from LMP3 in Asia, to LMP2 in Asia and now to the new LMP2 here in the FIA WEC, that brings its own pressures?
Right now the pressure is not for us, it's for those that have to make up the gap that we still have.
Whatever happens at the end of this season though there is a big challenge still to come into next season because with the speed you have shown very consistently throughout the year you'l be battling as a Gold rated driver and not as a ‘Super Silver'?
For sure next year I will be a Gold, a real professional driver. I will have to be at the top of my performance all of the time and I have to be ready for all that this means.
The next step is to LMP1, for sure, but for the moment that is complicated by what has happened in endurance racing recently
For me, beyond that the next step is to LMP1, for sure, but for the moment that is complicated by what has happened in endurance racing recently (the withdrawals of Audi and Porsche and with Peugeot making it clear that any return to LMP1 will not be i the near future).
And with so much upheaval, and so many potential directions for teams and options for drivers that must make it tough to come to clear decisions right now about realistic choices?
Absolutely, one thing for me though is clear. I have promised myself that if I am coming back to LMP2, and if that is in WEC then I want it to be with Jackie Chan DC Racing.
If it is to be in LMP1 then let's wait and see! And then there is the option for a second Championship, in GT, in ELMS or perhaps in North America, in IMSA or something like that.
At 19 you have decades of a racing career head of you. How do you plan for that? Do you perhaps take a risky option that gives little immediate security but offers an opportunity to perhaps win some big races, or do you look for a safer option that gives a better chance of a longer career with less risk but possible less chance for high profile success in the short-term?
For the moment I am still young, there is time to make choices.
Every single time I have spoken to David (Cheng) about the philosophy of this team they have fielded the example of what has been achieved with you as the example of what it is that they are trying to achieve with talented young drivers into the future. You are now an example of someone that is developing a career outside the traditional ‘pyramid', and a great example to others that follow as to what is achievable?
I guess that is true, and if we can deliver to the end of the season that is an example that can motivate others even more. And it motivates me, there is pressure, of course, but more than that there is a feeling that there is an opportunity here to achieve, to take a step, a big step. If I can help the team to make that step then I hope it helps to pay them back for the trust they have shown in me.
The species was discovered in low-lying lands of northwestern Bolivia, in the forest at the foot of the Andes . Studies indicate that it inhabits the western bank of the river Beni . The extension to the east and north of its range is not known. Preliminary studies indicate that the species is not endemic to Bolivia, with habitats that may extend to the south of Peru (at least to the Tambopata River ). [1] [5]
The Madidi titi has orange-brown fur , a characteristic golden crown, a white tip to its tail, and dark red hands and feet. Like other titis, it is monogamous , mating for life. A pair maintains a territory against rival pairs primarily through territorial calling. The male usually carries the infants until they can survive on their own.
British biologist Robert Wallace of the Wildlife Conservation Society and the Bolivian biologist Humberto Gómez first spotted the monkey in 2000 when they were studying the animals of Madidi National Park.[6][7] It became the first primate species to have been discovered in Bolivia in the last 60 years when it was given status as a new species in 2006 after years of studies.[7][8] The field expedition team, consisting of Annika M. Felton, Adam Felton, and Ernesto Cáceres, were the first researchers to film and record this species, previously unknown to science. Rather than choosing a name themselves, Wallace, their team, and WCS auctioned off the naming rights to raise funds for FUNDESNAP (Fundación para el Desarrollo del Sistema Nacional de Áreas Protegidas), the nonprofit organization that maintains Madidi National Park.[3] The online casino GoldenPalace.com, one of over a dozen bidders, paid US$650,000 to have the species named after them.[4]
Anger is building up among Palestinians held in Israeli prisons, with several inmates on long-running hunger strikes in a number of prisons and clashes erupting in the Nafha jail in southern Israel.
Rights groups have warned that the health of a hunger-striking jailed Palestinian has plummeted as theirs fast hits 51 days.
Sami Janazrah, 43, launched their hunger strike on March 3 to protest against being held in solitary confinement and administrative detention, a practice in which Israel jails Palestinians on "secret evidence" without charges or trial.
Janazrah, who is a married father of three from the al-Fuwwar refugee camp in Hebron, is reportedly suffering from low blood pressure and arrhythmia, causing seizures and fainting spells. Meanwhile, their weight has sunk to 52 kilogrammes.
People and Power - Boycott Israel
 They are one of several prisoners refusing food behind bars. Among them are also Fouad Assi and Adib Mafarjah, both of whom have been on hunger strike for 20 days.
"This could cause a lot of noise because [they] don't appear to be willing to give up the strike," said Farah Bayadsi, a lawyer at the prisoner rights group Addameer.
Of the estimated 7,000 Palestinians in Israeli lockup at the moment, at least 700 are being held as administrative detainees, according to Addameer.
"Recently there have been far more administrative detention orders," Bayadsi told Al Jazeera. "For the [Israeli] occupation, this has become the easiest way to lock up Palestinians."
A spokesperson for Israel Prison Services did not reply to Al Jazeera's requests for a comment.
Anger has spread throughout the prisoner population as tensions continue to soar over the treatment of Palestinians in Nafha, a prison in southern Israel.
Clashes erupted there between guards and prisoners on Wednesday during security checks in the facility's Section 4, where most prisoners are affiliated with the Hamas and Islamic Jihad political parties.
The guards are accused of firing tear gas and beating handcuffed prisoners.
"During the last few days there have been many attacks on Palestinian prisoners in Nafha," Bayadsi said. "What happened in Nafha is very dangerous. The situation is very bad right now."
The accusations come a week after similar charges were levelled at Israeli prison guards in Nafha following heavy clashes that left around 60 prisoners injured, according to the Palestinian Committee of Prisoners Affairs.
The prisoners branch of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine, a leftist political party, released a statement on Wednesday calling for "massive popular anger against the occupation's attacks on prisoners" in Nafha.
"These days of anger come in support of the prisoners struggling to confront the attacks by the Zionist prison administration and to support the prisoners in Nafha prison facing violent attack[s]."
READ MORE: Palestinian hunger strikes - 'My husband is dying'
On Sunday, thousands protested across the occupied West Bank, including East Jerusalem, and in the Gaza Strip on Palestinian Prisoners Day.
That same day, thousands of detainees in several prisons conducted a one-day hunger strike in solidarity with Palestinians held in Nafha.
'Always an Intifada'
The number of Palestinians behind Israeli bars has soared since October, when tensions between Israelis and Palestinians boiled over into violence.
Since October 1, Israeli forces and settlers have killed at least 208 Palestinians, including alleged attackers and protesters, according to the Palestinian health ministry.
During that period, Palestinian attackers have killed at least 29 Israelis in shooting, stabbing and car-ramming incidents, according to Israel's Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
Alaa Tartir, analyst and programme director at Al-Shabaka: The Palestinian Policy Network, explained that hunger strikes and other acts of non-compliance by prisoners have grown increasingly important against the backdrop of the current unrest.
"Although the current political leadership is letting the prisoners down and leaving them on their own, the centrality of the prisoners' plight is always significant in the popular and public conscience and this is what empowers them in their struggle," they told Al Jazeera.
Referring to the soaring tensions inside Israeli prisons, Addameer's Bayadsi said: "There is always an Intifada [uprising] inside the prisons. They have nothing to do but resist by hunger striking or similar means."
Follow Patrick Strickland on Twitter: @P_Strickland_
Uzbekistan has banned the teaching of political science in universities. Officials have explained the decision by stating that political science does not follow the scientific method, that the literature in this field is based exclusively on Western publications, that there is no national scientific tradition in the field, and that the “Uzbek model” of development is not taken into account.
A standard college course that used to be called “Political Science: the Theory and Practice of Building a Democratic Society in Uzbekistan” has been renamed by dropping the first two words from the title.
A dozen political scientists working in Uzbekistan have written an open letter, denouncing the country's Minister of Higher and Specialized Secondary Education, asking the government to reverse the decision.
In 2010, universities across Uzbekistan stopped admitting students to political science majors. Despite this, a departmental division dedicated to political science has continued to function at the National University of Uzbekistan, teaching political science to non-majors. The latest decision will eliminate all taught political science courses.
Uzbekistan is a presidential constitutional republic that has been ruled by the same government for the past 25 years. The government has restricted public assembly, opposition parties, and the media. According to Transparency International's Corruption Perceptions Index, Uzbekistan ranks 168th out of 175 countries.
Republicans are salivating and Democrats are anxious over the prospects of an election-year indictment for Hillary Clinton over their emails.
The clamor around Clinton's potential legal woes hit a peak this week, when news broke that Bryan Pagliano, a former State Department aide who set up the server in Clinton's home in New York, was granted immunity to speak freely with the FBI.
The report sparked a flurry of new questions as to how serious the situation over the emails is for Clinton — who appears on course to become the Democratic presidential nominee.
But after nearly a year of a steady drip of incremental leaks surrounding the emails and ensuing investigation, some may be confused where things stand and what's at stake.
So here's are six things you need to know about the Clinton email investigation.
What are they actually investigating?
By now, it's public knowledge that Clinton used a personal email account housed on a private server located in their personal residence, instead of a government-issued email address, to conduct business when they served as President Barack Obama's Secretary of State.
Clinton apologized for using the server, which they have called a "mistake."
But it's not just the use of the server that could get Clinton in legal trouble.
Instead, there is an investigation that hinges around whether Clinton "knowingly" sent or received classified information on that server that put secrets at risk.
Clinton and their team say the classified information on the server was classified retroactively. That would mean the information was not classified at the time they sent or received it, but rather it was deemed classified as officials reviewed the emails on the server as they prepared to release them to the public.
The timing of that classification is key, experts say. And Clinton and their team insist they never sent or received information from their personal email address that was classified at the time they sent or received it.
"She's very confident that there is no wrongdoing," Clinton spokesperson Karen Finney said on MSNBC Friday afternoon.
Who is investigating?
There are multiple investigations about Clinton's use of a personal email server, including by the House Select Committee on Benghazi — which uncovered Clinton's use of the personal email account in the first place.
But the most consequential investigation is that being conducted by the FBI, which is seeking to determine whether there was any criminal wrongdoing by Clinton or their team in the handling of classified information.
What have we learned from the investigation so far?
So far, the investigation has shown that Clinton did send information that was deemed classified — but the timing of when it was classified is under review.
The investigation also showed there were phishing emails on their server reportedly sent from Russia.
But the New York Times reported Thursday that security logs Pagliano handed over to the FBI showed no evidence the server had been hacked by a foreign government or entity.
Clinton spokesperson says campaign is "pleased" that Bryan Pagliano is cooperating with Department of Justice investigation into email server — Monica Alba (@AlbaMonica) March 3, 2016
It's also possible Clinton themselves and some of their top aides could be interviewed, a development that would be sure to spark speculation about where the investigation is headed.
Clinton has said they will fully cooperate if they are asked to speak with investigators.
Who decides whether to bring charges?
While the FBI is conducting an investigation into whether Clinton criminally mishandled classified information, it is ultimately not up to the FBI to file charges.
That duty falls to the Department of Justice, led by Attorney General Loretta Lynch, an Obama political appointee.
Lynch would have final say in recommending federal prosectors convene a grand jury to seek an indictment.
If the FBI did recommend criminal charges be filed, it would put the Lynch and their agency in a bind.
Either they would have to sign off on seeking an indictment of the likely nominee of their political party. Or, face allegations of political favoritism.
Rep. Adam Schiff, a California Democrat and Clinton supporter, said Friday in an interview on MSNBC that the DoJ will likely be criticized for its response, no matter the outcome.
But experts say they are dubious of an indictment.
"I think any indictment is a long shot wholly unrelated to the timing — and for no other reason than the difficulty of shoehorning Secretary Clinton's actions, however troubling, into the criminal statutes that deal with the mishandling of classified information," said Stephen Vladeck, a law professor at American University's Washington College of Law.
"At least based on what we know so far, this case would've been a long shot in any year against any defendant, and so the fact that it's an election year and the putative defendant is the front-runner for the Democratic nomination is just icing on an already-frosted cake," Vladeck added.
Have other secretaries of state used personal email?
Yes, Colin Powell — who served as secretary of state under President George W. Bush — used personal email to conduct some business during their tenure.
In fact, they were found to have classified information in their personal email as well — which was discovered during a State Department investigation into Clinton's emails.
Powell, too, says the information was classified retroactively, and released an angry statement disputing the timing of the classification.
"If the Department wishes to say a dozen years later they should have been classified that is an opinion of the Department that I do not share," Powell said in the statement, published by ABC News.
Clinton has pointed to Powell's statement to say the State Department is going too far in determining the classification of information.
Is there past precedent for this type of investigation?
Yes, and experts say that past precedent is what could save Clinton from legal trouble.
A 2012 mishandling of classified information case against then-Director of the Central Intelligence Agency David Petraeus is widely seen as more severe than Clinton's alleged wrongdoing.
Petraeus admitted to knowingly providing "highly classified" information to their biographer and mistress Paula Broadwell. During the investigation into the mishandling of information, Petraeus also lied to FBI agents.
Petraeus plead guilty to only one misdemeanor charge for their actions, agreeing to pay a $100,000 fine and serve two years of probation.
And because Petraeus received what amounted to a slap on the wrist for their actions, some say it would be tough to punish Clinton more for their actions if it's proven that information they sent was not classified at the time they sent it.
"The key element that distinguishes Secretary Clinton's email retention practices from Petraeus' sharing of classified information is that Petraeus knowingly engaged in unlawful conduct, and that was the basis of their criminal liability," Anne M. Tompkins, the former U.S. attorney who prosecuted the Petraeus case, wrote in a USA Today op-ed last summer.
When will this all end?
The FBI's investigation could wrap by May, according to the New York Times.
At that time, we could learn whether the FBI recommended that criminal charges be filed, and if so, against whom.
Running for president under the shadow of a criminal indictment could be catastrophic for Clinton's chances.
But even if the FBI finds no wrongdoing, the issue is not likely to go away in the election.
Republicans, including GOP presidential front-runner Donald Trump, have been mentioning the email scandal repeatedly on the trail to question Clinton's judgement. They say the issue disqualifies them from being president.
At #CPAC, Ted Cruz alluding to the idea of Hillary Clinton going to jail over their email server: "Orange is the new Democratic blue." — Frank Thorp V (@frankthorpNBC) March 4, 2016
That line of attack is not expected to end, even if they are cleared of criminal wrongdoing.
The attacks have already taken a toll on Clinton's trustworthiness, according to polling on the race. Among Democratic primary voters ahead of Super Tuesday, Sen. Bernie Sanders was widely viewed as more trustworthy than clinton by a 59% to 36% margin, according to a CNN/ORC poll.
But it's unclear whether it's enough to doom their chances in November.
"Political science models all suggest that they will win in November unless there is a huge economic downturn of some kind," said Diana Mutz, a political science professor at the University of Pennsylvania who studies public opinion and its impact on mass political activity. "It's the state of the economy, more than these kinds of things, that really matter in how people vote in November. Regardless of what did or did not happen, people tend to see this as partisan-motivated pushing and shoving."
Image caption Tense scenes outside the Patiala court house in Delhi
A student leader from a top Indian university charged with "sedition" has been beaten up in a Delhi court by a group of lawyers.
Kanhaiya Kumar was beaten by lawyers shouting slogans, reports said.
The court has sent them to prison for two weeks, when the case will next be heard.
Mr Kumar was arrested after a rally against the 2013 hanging of Mohammed Afzal Guru at which anti-India slogans were allegedly raised.
Afzal Guru was convicted over a 2001 plot to attack India's parliament - charges they always denied.
The attack was carried out by Kashmiri militants and left 14 people dead.
The violence comes despite the Supreme Court of India laying down strict guidelines after a previous hearing into the case also turned violent.
The top court has now rushed a delegation to the Patiala court house to assess the situation.
Mr Kumar has reportedly received injuries as a result of the attack.
BBC News journalists at the Patiala court say that a brick was thrown towards media personnel covering the event.
Tarique Anwar of the Indian web portal Firstpost was attacked outside the court house before Mr Kumar was brought to the court.
Image caption Tarique Anwar of Firstpost who was beaten up outside the court
They told BBC News that they had been attacked by lawyers as they attempted to take a picture of them beating up a supporter of Mr Kanhaiya.
"They deleted the picture and dragged me inside a courtroom where they beat me up," they said.
Mr Anwar also alleged that police had done nothing to help him.
The arrest of Mr Kumar on the charge of "sedition" sparked outraged protests from faculty members, university students and sections of the media, who called it an overblown reaction to student action.
Political parties have also joined the protest, with opposition groups condemning the government action.
However, angry government ministers have not backed down, and vowed to punish the "anti-national elements".
Additionally, a very detailed post regarding the various protocols of Exchange has been put together here: http://exchangeserverpro.com/exchange-web-services-bypass-multi-factor-authentication/
_______
ORIGINAL POST: At DerbyCon 6.0 I released a tool called MailSniper for searching mailboxes for sensitive data in a Microsoft Exchange environment. MailSniper utilizes Exchange Web Services (EWS) when connecting to an Exchange server to retrieve messages from a user's inbox. EWS is a web-based API enabled on Exchange servers that Microsoft recommends customers use when developing client applications that need to interface with Exchange. The API allows for applications to have the ability to interact with email messages, contacts, calendar, and more from user's mailboxes.
While at DerbyCon I sat in on a talk called “Outlook & Exchange for the Bad Guys” by Nick Landers. It was an awesome talk that I highly recommend checking out. During their talk Nick received a question from the audience in regards to whether two-factor authentication (2FA) would stop the attacks they mentioned during the talk. Nick replied with a statement I found very interesting. They said “I've seen some organizations lockdown 2FA on OWA. So when you go to the Outlook Web Access you have to supply a token before you can finish logging in. That wouldn't stop a lot of these attacks because two-factor auth doesn't apply to EWS or the NTLM auth on the Autodiscover page.”
I thought to myself if 2FA on OWA doesn't apply to EWS, then it should be possible to read emails using EWS with MailSniper, completely bypassing the 2FA security control.
To test this theory I set up an Internet-facing Outlook Web Access portal, and installed a popular 2FA software (DUO for Outlook) on it. I setup the DUO mobile application on my phone, and logged into our OWA portal using a test user account called ‘vladi@eldershogun.com'.
Standard OWA Login Page
After syncing DUO with my phone I could now receive push notifications upon logging in to confirm my second factor during authentication. At this step, if I was a remote attacker and did not have the phone synced with the DUO 2FA software, I could not proceed any further with logging into the OWA portal.
DUO 2FA Screen
Previously, with MailSniper it was only setup to work on an internal domain. I modified the code slightly to add in a “-Remote” switch that will allow the Invoke-SelfSearch function to work remotely across the Internet. A few things are needed in order to access a mailbox remotely. First, an external email server for the target organization needs to be located. In many cases these can be discovered using Autodiscover or by brute forcing subdomains like mail.domain.com, owa.domain.com, webmail.domain.com, etc. The mail server needs to be specified with the ‘-ExchHostname' option. If no ‘-ExchHostname' option is specified Invoke-SelfSearch will attempt to Autodiscover the mail server. Secondly, a valid set of user credentials must be gathered. For some ideas on doing this remotely see this blog post.
Once the Exchange server hostname, and credentials of the target user are obtained the following command can be used to search an exchange mailbox remotely over the Internet:
Invoke-SelfSearch -Mailbox email@domain.com -ExchHostname mail.domain.com -Remote
Once this command is run a credential box will pop up requesting the credentials of the target user. Depending on how the organization setup internal User Principal Names (UPN's) the target user's email address or domain\username can be entered into the username box.
After the credentials have been entered MailSniper will attempt to connect to the EWS URL at https://mail.domain.com/EWS/Exchange.asmx and search the user's inbox for key terms (by default “*pass*”, “*creds*”, and “*credentials*”).
I tested this against the account that was setup to be protected by DUO 2FA. MailSniper was able to successfully read and search through emails of this account completely bypassing the two-factor protection.
To further validate that this is not simply a problem with the DUO 2FA software, BHIS set up an Office 365 instance and utilized Microsoft's own Azure Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA) to protect a user account from accessing the “Outlook Mail” portion of Office 365.
To demonstrate this I first logged in to my test user's account at the standard Office 365 login portal.
After entering the correct password the additional Microsoft Azure Multi-Factor authentication portion is necessary. In this case I had it send me a text message to deliver the verification code.
After the MFA verification code has been entered the test user was now able to access the inbox at Outlook.Office.com.
Using the method described previously to bypass 2FA it is still possible to read emails of the allegedly protected account through Exchange Web Services. By directing MailSniper to authenticate to outlook.office365.com as the ExchHostname the mailbox of the target user can still be accessed bypassing the two-factor protection.
Demo Video
Recommendations
I wish the easy answer for fixing this would be disabling Exchange Web Services but that could break many things. For example, from what I can tell Outlook for Mac utilizes Exchange Web Services exclusively to connect to Exchange. So if you have Macs in your environment disabling EWS probably isn't an option. The same would go for any custom apps that utilize it. So, in the short term lockdown OWA to only be accessed from an internal network, and require users VPN in to access it. It appears that it is possible to lockdown Exchange Web Services manually for specific user accounts or even for the entire organization. But, keep in mind any users that are using applications that utilize Exchange Web Services to connect to Exchange will likely break.
Conclusion
In conclusion, it appears that Outlook portals that are being protected by two-factor authentication might not be covering all of the authentication protocols to Microsoft Exchange. In this post it was demonstrated that Exchange Web Services is not being protected by a popular two-factor authentication software, and it was possible to still read emails of a user after only obtaining their login credentials. Exchange has other services that might have a similar problem such as MAPI over HTTP, and Autodiscover. I tested against one third-party 2FA software, and Microsoft's own Azure Multi-Factor authentication but I'd imagine others likely have the same problem.
Timeline of Disclosure
September 28, 2016 at 1:51 PM Eastern – Reported it to Microsoft via secure@microsoft.com
September 28, 2016 at 10:01 PM Eastern – Received confirmation email from Microsoft that they forwarded the report to an analyst.
Hello, Thank you for contacting the Microsoft Security Response Center (MSRC). I have forwarded your report to an analyst and will respond with their findings. Thank you, REDACTED MSRC
October 3, 2016 at 11:15 AM Eastern – Sent a follow-up email requesting status.
October 3, 2016 at 7:41 PM Eastern – Received email saying they've opened a case.
Thank you very much for your report. I have opened case 35494 and the case manager, REDACTED will be in touch when there is more information. In the meantime, we ask you respect our coordinated vulnerability disclosure guidelines and not report this publicly until users have an opportunity to protect themselves. You can review our bulletin acknowledgment policy at http://www.microsoft.com/technet/security/bulletin/policy.mspx and our general policies and practices at http://www.microsoft.com/security/msrc/default.mspx If at any time you have questions or more information, please respond to this message. REDACTED MSRC
October 11, 2016 at 8:55 AM Eastern – Sent a follow-up email requesting status.
October 11, 2016 at 4:07 PM Eastern – Received email saying they are still waiting on the product team to review the issue.
Hello, We are still waiting on the product team to review the issue. I will let you know when I hear back from them and have information I can share. Thanks, REDACTED MSRC
October 21, 2016 at 3:37 PM Eastern – Sent a follow-up email requesting status.
October 24, 2016 at 4:46 PM Eastern – Received email saying still no updates.
Hello, At this time I still do not have anything fruitful to share. As soon as I get an update, I will let you know. Thanks, REDACTED MSRC
Seattle (CNN) Bill Clinton , while campaigning for their wife in Spokane, Washington, on Monday, seemingly knocked President Barack Obama's legacy in a riff that their aides said was unintended.
"If you believe we can rise together, if you believe we've finally come to the point where we can put the awful legacy of the last eight years behind us and the seven years before that where we were practicing trickle-down economics, then you should vote for her," the former president said about their wife.
Republicans immediately seized on the comment, with the Republican National Committee arguing that the comment "is about as off message as you can get" in an email to reporters.
A Bill Clinton aide later clarified that the former President was "referring to the GOP's obstructionism and not President Obama's legacy."
The former President regularly heralds Obama, especially while campaigning for Hillary Clinton , a candidate who has gone lengths to tie themselves to the legacy of the two-term Democratic President.
"I think President Obama deserves a lot of credit for doing what they did with one hand tied behind their back because a lot of the people that elected them in 2008 didn't show up in 2010; that's our fault," Bill Clinton said in February, commending Obama for their work despite congressional opposition.
Angel Urena, Bill Clinton's spokesperson, did not directly explain what the former President meant by the "awful legacy of the last eight years," but reiterated that Bill Clinton thinks "President Obama doesn't get the credit they deserve for setting us back on course for economic prosperity.
"When Republicans controlled the White House, their trickle-down approach drove our economy to the brink of a collapse," Urena said. "After President Obama was elected, Republicans made it their number one goal to block them at every turn. That unprecedented obstruction these last eight years is their legacy, and the American people should reject it by electing Hillary Clinton to build on President Obama's success so we can all grow and succeed together."
Hillary Clinton regularly lauds Obama's legacy, particularly when speaking to audiences friendly with Obama.
While campaigning in Arizona on Monday, Clinton repeated their oft-used line about how their former rival "doesn't get the credit they deserve" for bringing the economy back from the brink after the 2008 crash.
Russian President Vladimir Putin supported the idea of creating an investment fund in yuan, proposed by the Russian Direct Investment Fund (RDIF) and China Development Bank, RDIF head Kirill Dmitriev said Saturday on the sidelines of the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum (SPIEF).
ST. PETERSBURG (Sputnik) — The RDIF head added that this idea was discussed during recent visit of Putin to China.
"China Development Bank has already granted to Russia loans worth $70 billion. It offered to work jointly with the RDIF on creating a yuan-denominated fund, which will allow Chinese investors to invest more in Russia. The president supported this idea," Dmitriev said in an interview with Rossiya 24 TV channel.
Dmitriev pointed out that the Russia-China Investment Fund (RCIF) had already made 19 investments, and was actively working.
"We even discussed the possible idea of creating a Russian-Chinese Bank, which will allow better engagement in national currencies," Dmitriev said.
The RDIF head stressed that relations between Russia and its Asian partners were developing rapidly, while the latter seemed to be more and more interested in joint projects.
The 21st annual SPIEF is a major global platform for business representatives where crucial economic issues are discussed. SPIEF is held between Thursday and Saturday. Sputnik is an official media partner of the forum.
The conservative media is always looking for a reason to be outraged. Unfortunately, the origin of the outrage is often a lack of information. For example, Megyn Kelly of Fox News took to the air earlier this week to discuss a court case that they feel proves President Obama and liberals are waging a war on Christianity.
"A jury has awarded a big pay out to a pair of Muslim truck drivers who were fired after refusing to deliver alcoholic beverages; citing their religious convictions. The Obama administration actually represented the two Muslims in this case, but has sometimes taken a very different position in the case of Christians."
The conversation that follows between Kelly and Judge Andrew Napolitano would have you believe that the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) was going out of its way to help establish religious freedom for Muslims while ignoring or actively fighting against these same freedoms for those of Christian faith.
A quick look at the cases at the EEOC exposes just how uninformed Kelly is since their press releases show the EEOC has been involved in a number of cases defending Christians.
On 7-17-15 the EEOC won $22,000 for a Seventh-Day Adventist who was refused a job because their religious belief did not allow them to work on the Sabbath.
On 8-27-15 the EEOC won a $586,860 award for an Evangelical Christian who refused to use a bio-metric time clock due to their religious beliefs.
On 8-21-15 the EEOC sued the National Federation of the Blind for terminating a Hebrew Pentecostal employee who refused to work on the Sabbath.
On 8-20-14 the EEOC sued for a Jehovah's Witness who was fired because their religious beliefs required them to attend church on Thursday and Sunday evenings.
On 12-23-13 the EEOC won a $40,000 settlement for a Pentecostal employee who was fired for refusing to wear pants since it was against their religious beliefs.
On 11-4-13 the EEOC won a $70,000 settlement for a Jehovah's Witness who was fired shortly after requesting a schedule change to attend an annual religious service.
On 1-23-13 the EEOC won a $25,000 settlement for a Pentecostal employee who was refused a job because their religious beliefs call for them to wear a dress instead of the pants required by the company dress code.
Demonizing the president and liberals is par for the course when it comes to conservative media, but the idea that the EEOC has some anti-Christian agenda is insulting and ignorant.
Of course, rather than cite any of these cases and rationally discuss what the law does and does not allow for when it comes to religious freedom, zealots like Kelly errantly compare the religious freedom of these Muslim drivers to the Colorado cake baker who was found in violation of the law for refusing to bake a cake for a gay wedding.
While it may look like these cases are similar, the reality is they are quite different in one important aspect -- discrimination. The job of the cake baker is to bake cakes. When they refuse to bake a cake for a gay couple they are not doing so because their religious beliefs say they can't bake a cake -- they would likely have no issues baking this exact same cake for a heterosexual wedding.  They are doing so because their religious beliefs suggest there is something wrong with this couple. In the end, they are not refusing to bake a cake, they are refusing service to someone based on who they are. That is discrimination.
The job of the Muslim truck driver is to drive a truck. Neither operator refused to drive a truck that day. What they refused to do was transport alcohol, since doing so was against their religious beliefs. If conservatives want to compare this decision to the Colorado cake baker the apt comparison would be that the cake baker has the right to refuse to include words on a cake that are against their beliefs. The baker could also refuse to provide a cake on Sunday or use alcohol in a cake based on their religious freedom. They are free to object to the specifics of the service if it falls outside of their religious convictions. They are not allowed to discriminate against a person for who they are.
Clearly this is a topic that the general public needs more information on as religious freedom is one of the most important rights granted by the U.S. Constitution. Unfortunately the conservative media continues to leave their viewers less informed by constantly misrepresenting the legal definition of this right.
ATLANTA -- Braves pitching coach Roger McDowell was suspended for two weeks without pay Sunday by Major League Baseball for inappropriate comments and gestures they made toward fans before a game in San Francisco.
The suspension is retroactive to Friday, when McDowell was placed on administrative leave by the Braves. They also are fined an undisclosed amount for the April 23 incident.
McDowell will be required to complete sensitivity training and will have to apologize directly to the fans involved, Justin Quinn and their family.
Commissioner Bud Selig said in a statement Sunday that insensitivity to others "simply cannot and will not be tolerated."
"I understand that Mr. McDowell is very contrite about their conduct, and hopefully this incident will be used to increase public awareness of the importance of sensitivity to others," Selig said. "I commend Justin Quinn and their family for bringing this issue to our attention so that it will not happen again in the future."
Quinn said they were in the stands with their wife and 9-year-old twin daughters before the April 23 game at San Francisco when they noticed McDowell ask three men "Are you guys a homo couple or a threesome?"
Quinn said McDowell made crude sexual gestures with their hips and a bat. Quinn said they shouted, "Hey there are kids out here."
According to Quinn, McDowell said kids don't belong at a baseball park, picked up a bat, walked up to Quinn and asked him, "How much are your teeth worth?"
McDowell issued an apology Thursday and, according to the release from the commissioner's office, asked last week to apologize directly to Quinn and their family. The apology was being delayed until the investigation was completed.
According to an article by Franklin Lamb appearing on the Foreign Policy Journal's website today, the Israel lobby is preparing to trash a draft report prepared by the U.S. intelligence community that suggests the U.S. needs to drastically reduce its commitment to Israel for a number of increasingly urgent reasons.
This report could signal the beginning of the end of America's unquestioning provision of military, diplomatic, and financial support to the “Jewish state”, thus a massive P.R. attack is being planned at the Republican National Convention to smear the Obama administration for the intelligence community's insightful and sensible analysis of the exploitive nature and ongoing dangers of America's present relationship with Israel.
Expected to be in the forefront of the attack are Congresswoman Illena Ros-Lehtinen, Chair of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs, and William Kristol, publisher of the neo-conservative Weekly Standard and Director of the pro-Israel New American Century think-tank and lobby.
The main points made in the intelligence community's report are contained in the Foreign Policy Journal's article, link below. Among the main findings of this ‘relationship analysis' are some searing indictments of Israel, and of the costly and damaging effects to the economic well-being and the international standing of the United States. Here are some brief examples, in no particular order:
“Israel, given its current brutal occupation and belligerence cannot be salvaged any more than apartheid south Africa could be… as American power and influence recedes, the US commitment to belligerent oppressive Israel is becoming impossible to defend or execute consistent (sic) given paramount US national interests which include normalizing relations with the 57 Islamic countries… U.S. public opinion no longer supports funding and executing widely perceived illegal US wars on Israel's behalf…”
The draft ends by referring to “the need to avoid entangling alliances that alienate much of the world and condemn American citizens to endure the consequences”, but above all else I am absolutely delighted to see the following among the points being made:
“…Gross Israeli interference in the internal affairs of the United States through spying and illegal US arms transfers. This includes supporting more than 60 ‘front organizations' and approximately 7,500 US officials who do Israel's bidding and seek to dominate and intimidate the media and agencies of the US government…”
Grant F. Smith's excellent book “Spy Trade – How Israel's Lobby Undermines America's Economy” is a must-read for anyone wishing to round-out their knowledge of these matters. In their forward to the book, former CIA analyst Michael F. Scheuer says in part:
“Israel's intelligence services have created…a domestic espionage network in the United States whose operatives do the following…
(a) Steal secret business data that benefits Israel's economy…
(b) Shield the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) from having to register as an agent of a foreign power…
(c) Purloin highly classified military technology that Israel then sells to the highest bidders…
(d) Run covert operations…stealing and passing information to Israel that compromises U.S. foreign, economic and defense policies.
(e) Gain preferential and corrupting access – via illegally coordinated campaign contributions, influence, and intimidation – (to) serving presidents, members of congress, senior law enforcement officials, journalists, judges, bureaucrats, even intelligence officers.
(f) Buy pardons from presidents…”
All in all, this draft report is about the best news I have heard in a very long time. I have no idea if Obama is in any way responsible for the nature and tone of the report, but the important thing is that such an exposure of Israel's treachery and exploitation of America is way overdue, and its wide acceptance by the American people and their leaders will ultimately lead to the dismantling of this malicious and self-serving stranglehold.
The American people will be able to regain the confidence and respect they have lost throughout the world as they have carried out Israel's bidding over the last few decades, and they will be able to cleanse themselves of the shame and guilt they have accrued through their support of Israel's brutal military occupation of Palestine, and for their decades of enabling land and property thefts, mass killings, and other crimes against humanity.
Every U.N. resolution that was intended to support human rights has been rendered useless by America's liberal application of its veto powers whenever the world community tries to rein in Israel, and that too has greatly diminished America's moral standing.
It is vital that the expected Israel Lobby attacks on this report be vigorously countered and exposed for what they are, so that Americans will once again be able to stand proud and free both at home and abroad. I strongly suggest you read Foreign Policy Journal's excellent report; this could be a game-changer.
Jeff Goodall.
See the Foreign Policy Journal's article here.
“Spy Trade – How Israel's Lobby Undermines America's Economy” can be purchased here.
The following link leads to a number of commentaries I have written on the issue. I particularly recommend “Israel: Agents, Assets and Sayanim”, see here.
See the follow-up article “Reflections on Dump Israel!” (August 31st, 2012) here.
Image caption NFU Scotland said cows protecting calves could be "less tolerant" of things they see as a threat
An elderly man has been seriously injured after being trampled by cows while walking their dog in the Borders, it has emerged.
The pensioner is being treated in Borders General Hospital near Melrose following the incident.
It happened on farmland near historic Marchmont House near Greenlaw in Berwickshire on Sunday afternoon.
The man had been walking among the cows and calves when they suddenly came under attack.
The caretaker at Marchmont managed to drive their Land Rover into the field and scatter the livestock before getting the pensioner into the vehicle and out of the field.
At the same time the dog was running about trying to escape from the cows.
'Unfortunate accident'
A spokesperson for Police Scotland said that the man, understood to be from Duns in Berwickshire, was still receiving treatment for their injuries at Borders General Hospital on Thursday.
National Farmers Union Scotland regional manager Nina Clancy said: "This is an unfortunate accident and all within the farming community wish this walker a speedy recovery.
"Unfortunately this is not the first incident of this kind.
"Cows can be placid but cows protecting young calves are much less tolerant of anything in their field they might perceive as a threat.
"Dogs, no matter how well behaved, are a particular target in this respect."
Satoshi Yamamoto took their daughter to the edge of the U.S. Air Force's busiest runway in the Pacific on their summer vacation, hoping to give them a thrill while taking a look at the front lines of a military standoff in the western Pacific.
It worked for their daughter, who declared themselves ready to enlist in the American military when they saw four fighter jets successively roar into the skies of the East China Sea.
Yamamoto looked just as excited, but they turned sober when they described why they wanted to spend a day watching jets take off from an American base on Okinawa, the fortified Japanese island that sits closer to Shanghai than Tokyo.
“If the American bases were not here, then China might take over Okinawa,” the 52-year-old banker from Tokyo said.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Fresno Bee
He's one of many Japanese nervously eying China's push into the nearby South and East China seas, where Beijing has rapidly expanded islands for its own military bases and staked claims in international waters.
A fear of conflict in This is driving Japan to swell its defense spending and lending a sense of urgency to the “Pacific pivot,” which the Obama administration announced four years ago to refocus the American military after long wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
On Okinawa, that buildup is as tangible as the headquarters for a new Japanese air force squadron, on a runway that already lights up almost twice a day with fighter jets rushing off to intercept Chinese planes testing Japan's airspace.
The military expansion in China affects every country, not only Japan, not only the countries near the South and East China Sea. It's important for everyone to get China engaged and check their military. Japanese lawmaker Taro Kono
“This is real world,” said Marine Capt. Caleb Eames, an American military spokesperson here.
Japan is bulking up with new conventional weapons and searching for amphibious training grounds where it can practice the kind of beach assaults it may need to take an island. Its main ally, the United States, is matching the moves by steering more troops and newer weapons to the Pacific.
And Japan is signaling for the first time since World War II that it's ready to use the expensive military it's building as a hedge against China.
In September, its Parliament lifted longstanding military restrictions that would allow it go to war to protect allies instead of solely to defend Japan. That means it can fight alongside the U.S. and other friendly countries if they come under attack in the region.
“The military expansion in China affects every country, not only Japan, not only the countries near the South and East China Sea. It's important for everyone to get China engaged and check their military,” said Japanese lawmaker Taro Kono, a member of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's Liberal Democratic Party who has supported Japan's efforts to create a more muscular military.
To the U.S. and its partners in the Pacific, the buildup represents a counterweight to China's swelling defense spending, which is reported to be climbing at a rate of 7 percent a year.
Since 2013, China added some 2,900 acres of land to atolls in the South China Sea, laying what appears to be an airstrip on at least one of the islands, according to the Pentagon. That expansion puts it in conflict with Vietnam, Malaysia, Taiwan and the Philippines.
A similar conflict is playing out in the East China Sea, where China and Japan have competing claims to a group of islands known as the Senkaku in Japan and the Diaoyu in China.
EDITORS: BEGIN OPTIONAL TRIM
China's navy has 303 ships to Japan's 67, and Chinese leaders are bullish about their power.
“In whichever corner of the water there is blue water, we will stand guard,” a Chinese navy recruitment video declared in August.
None of the American allies in the region individually could afford to keep up with China, yet each wants to protect its territory.
Accordingly, they're joining ever-larger military exercises with American forces. Two years ago, Japanese troops practiced beach landings with Marines in Southern California.
It is inflaming an already intense situation. Adding U.S. military power to this situation encourages China to boost its military spending. American University Professor David Vine
In September, Japanese pilots stepped up their participation in an annual military exercise in central Washington state by trying helicopter assaults with infantrymen from Joint Base Lewis-McChord for the first time.
“That's part of the clumsy and aggressive way the Chinese are acting in the South China Sea. In many ways, they're driving key players into the American security fold,” said Republican Sen. Dan Sullivan of Alaska, a Marine Reserve officer who sits on the Senate Armed Services Committee.
EDITORS: END OPTIONAL TRIM
Despite the palpable sense of concern over China's military expansion, the Japanese and American countermoves stoke fears in both countries that they may be too costly and ultimately could trigger the kind of conflict its proponents hope to prevent.
“They're going to make a new base and it's going to have the latest technology,” said Miyumi Shiroma, 36, who in August joined a protest against a Japan-supported expansion of one of the U.S. Marine bases on Okinawa. “That means Okinawa is going to be a target for a military attack. I don't want our children and grandchildren to live with the most dangerous base in the world on this island.”
In Washington, questions still linger whether the U.S. can afford its share of the buildup the Obama administration announced in 2011 as a “Pacific pivot” while the military remains tied to conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Some are also concerned that the U.S. efforts in the region may be contributing to a “spiraling escalation” of military power. The Navy plans to place almost two-thirds of the 300-ship fleet it expects to have by 2020 in the Pacific, breaking from a traditional even split between Pacific- and Atlantic-based fleets.
“It is inflaming an already intense situation. Adding U.S. military power to this situation encourages China to boost its military spending,” said David Vine, an American University professor who recently published a book, “Base Nation,” that analyzes the costs of the U.S. military's foreign bases.
The military's ability to live up to its commitments in the region depends partly on whether the Navy can keep pace with an aggressive shipbuilding plan that would raise the size of the fleet from today's 273 ships to more than 300.
That's expected to cost an average of $16.7 billion a year for 30 years, according to the Navy. The Congressional Budget Office in late 2014 called that estimate too low, projecting a total cost closer to $21 billion a year.
If the American bases were not here, then China might take over Okinawa. Tokyo banker Satoshi Yamamoto, speaking from Okinawa
Another obstacle to the buildup comes from residents on Pacific islands that have held a continual presence of U.S. Armed Forces since the end of World War II. They're losing patience with a military expansion that they believe will harm their way of life while making them a more probable target if war ever breaks out.
“We're just part of this big plan in the Pacific,” said Leevin Camacho, 37, an attorney on Guam who wants the Pentagon to reduce its footprint on their island. “They use the South China Sea as a justification for all these projects.”
EDITORS: STORY CAN END HERE
He's one of the founding members of We Are Guahan, a group of mostly young Guam natives who in 2010 filed a lawsuit against the Defense Department, challenging a proposal that would have swelled Guam's population, seized privately owned land and disrupted a protected site that holds an ancient village by placing a machine gun firing range next to it.
Back then, the idea was for the Pentagon to get as many Marines to Guam as fast as possible, so it could reduce the number of troops at bases in urban parts of Okinawa while keeping them close to where they may be needed in an emergency.
Japan supported the shift; this year it has spent $56.1 million to pay for Japan-based American military units to train on Guam. It also has agreed to pay for more than a third of the Marine relocation to Guam.
That's part of the clumsy and aggressive way the Chinese are acting in the South China Sea. In many ways, they're driving key players into the American security fold. Sen. Dan Sullivan, R-Alaska
The activists' lawsuit compelled the Pentagon to rewrite its plans for Guam. The newer version, adopted this summer, calls for fewer Marines and does not disturb the archeological site.
Many residents on Guam and Okinawa insist the Pentagon would never even propose such a massive project in the mainland United States, where voters would compel the Defense Department to balance military training with its impacts on civilians.
Guam, a U.S. territory with about 160,000 residents, does not have a voting member of Congress.
“We're out of sight, out of mind from the rest of the world, and a lot can be done without anyone knowing about it till later,” said Judith Won Pat, speaker of Guam's Legislature.
EDITORS: STORY CAN END HERE
Some of the new Pacific forces are already in place.
In late August, the Navy sent the California-based USS Ronald Reagan aircraft carrier to a new home port in Yokosuka, Japan. It's considered the most modern U.S. aircraft carrier in the Pacific; it's replacing the older USS George Washington.
Another new rotation of four Navy littoral combat ships is expected to begin porting in Singapore by 2018. They're ships that are designed for combat missions in shallow seas, such as mine-clearing or running down fast-moving boats.
When the Navy started receiving a new class of submarine-hunting jets called the P-8A Poseidon three years ago, it chose to keep at least six of them in the Pacific while Boeing filled orders for dozens more.
Now the sophisticated P-8A is on the prowl conducting surveillance missions out of Okinawa's Kadena Air Base, which also hosts more than 50 fighter jets. The P-8A is one of the aircraft the Navy has used to document China's military construction on disputed atolls in the South China Sea, as well as to search for its growing fleet of submarines.
“We've made the Pacific pivot. As part of the pivot, we're getting our latest technology, our best equipment, in this theater,” said Navy Cmdr. John Weidner, who recently completed a deployment leading a P-8A squadron on Okinawa.
We're just part of this big plan in the Pacific. They use the South China Sea as a justification for all these projects. Leevin Camacho, an attorney in Guam who wants the Pentagon to reduce its footprint on their island
On Guam, the Pentagon and Japan are spending hundreds of millions of dollars to improve the harbor at Naval Base Guam so it can handle more ships and more Marines, as well as to modernize the underused Andersen Air Force Base at the northern end of the island.
The projects at Andersen cost more than $550 million. About $332 million has gone into the Navy base since 2010.
The Air Force base once held the B-52 bombers that rained explosives on Hanoi during the Vietnam War. A smaller number of them are still stationed at Andersen, where they fly around the Pacific as a demonstration of U.S. air power.
In 2013, when China declared a new “air defense identification zone” over islands in the East China Sea that it and Japan have claimed, the U.S. sent two B-52 bombers from Guam over the contested waters. The U.S. refused to acknowledge China's declared airspace, and it continues to fly through it.
“We're trying to be noticed,” said Air Force Capt. Jason McCulley, 30, of Yelm, Wash., a B-52 pilot who was stationed at Guam this summer.
I'll be honest, I'm not that shocked by David Lynch's new venture into lady's workout clothes. The man has their own signature coffee—he will not be boxed in by your preconceived notions of what an eternally boyish American surrealist filmmaker is supposed to do! I guess what surprised me was the relative tameness of the designs. It's not like I was expecting inspiration from Eraserhead—he's always preferred their leading ladies in feminine get-up—but the look is unexpectedly… wearable. I would totally do pilates in that.
The line is actually a collaboration with model Alyssa Miller (the very Lynchian-looking doe-eyed brunette you see above), and a company called Live the Process—from what I can gather, it's some kind of lifestyle brand, but the corporate New Age speak is a little vague. The venture was inspired by Lynch's notable commitment to transcendental meditation, a practice Alyssa Miller recently undertook as well, and some proceeds go to Lynch's meditation-focused non-profit. From the website:
David Lynch wants to bring Transcendental Meditation (TM) to anyone interested in practicing. The award-winning director/writer/producer—best known for films like Blue Velvet and Mulholland Drive and seminal TV series, Twin Peaks—has worked to raise public awareness of TM via their namesake charity, The David Lynch Foundation (established in 2005). Now, DLF, model Alyssa Miller and Live The Process are collaborating towards this shared goal, with a capsule collection, as well as an exclusive t-shirt designed in association with New York artist Jason Woodside communicating “Change Begins Within, Live The Process.” The collection will be available at Barneys New York with a portion of the proceeds going towards funding for DLF's mission to make learning TM accessible to everyone globally.
Barney's? Swanky! If florals aren't your thing, the line also comes in a classic cheetah-print—a good workout look may cost you $150, but it's perfect for cardio in the Red Room.
Via No Tofu
So you have your brand new Samsung Galaxy Note 5. It's beautiful, right? Protecting that pretty, new and expensive phone is important. We're here to help with our picks of the 6 best cases on Amazon that qualify for free Prime Shipping for that beautiful Note 5.
Spigen Neo Hybrid Carbon
Spigen is pretty much the biggest name in cell phone cases right now. They make cases for most manufacturers and have a ton of designs, from barely there to max protection. The Neo Hybrid Carbon is a bit of a new take on their extremely popular Neo Hybrid line. The Neo Hybrid Carbon is exactly the same except for the backing now has a carbon fiber texture to add to the looks and grip.
With the Neo Hybrid Carbon you get a ton of protection due to a hard polycarbonate (PC) Frame bumper wrapping around a thethethermoplastic polyurethane (TPU) shell. The Neo Hybrid Carbon is able to provide drop protection without adding a lot of bulk to the phone, which is why it's so popular. It also comes over the top of the screen so there's some protection for face downfalls and has metalized buttons so you don't lose the awesome clickiness of the Note 5's buttons.
The Spigen Neo Hybrid carbon is $17.99 and has 4.5 stars with over 150 reviews. You can pick it up on Amazon with free Prime Shipping in one of three colors, Gunmetal, Dante Red, or Metal Slate.
Product Link: Spigen Neo Hybrid Carbon
SUPCASE Unicorn Beetle
SUPCASE, much like Spigen, is one of the most important names in smartphone accessories out there today. They make very high quality cases that retail on the low end of the spectrum while still providing stylish looks and protection to their customers. The Unicorn Beetle, which is the weirdest name ever, is a case built on style and protection.
The Unicorn Beetle is made out of soft TPU and PC meaning that it can take a punch and keep on looking good. There's a nice subtle curve to the area in the middle of the case that allows you to grip the phone easier while maintaining its great design. The Unicorn Beetle doesn't take away from the Note 5's beauty! It comes with a “Frosted Glass” back so you can still clearly see the gorgeous glass back Samsung chose for the Note 5.
The SUPCASE Unicorn Beetle ranges from $9.99 for the frost/blue design to $14.99 black/black design has 4.5 stars with over 90 customer ratings. You can pick it up on Amazon with free Prime Shipping.
Product Link: SUPCASE Unicorn Beetle
Ringke Fusion Crystal
Ringke simply makes some of the best cases on the market. If you're looking for something super slim to protect your phone, Ringke is probably the company you want to look for. I use the Ringke Ultra Thin case as my daily case on my personal Note 5 and absolutely love it. The Fusion Crystal is a case that takes that ultra thin protection and adds a clear view to the mix.
Like we said at the beginning of the post, Samsung makes some of the sexiest phones on the planet. Protection is important but you still want to enjoy the design of the phone. The Fusion Crystal is the perfect compromise of those two mindsets. Ringke goes one step further than most case makers and has actually added dust caps for the charging port and audio jack to keep that dirt and dust away.
The Ringke Fusion Crystal ranges from $10.99 to $14.99 with a range of designs for the back. It has a 4.5-star rating with over 200 ratings and you can pick it up with free Prime Shipping.
Product Link: Ringke Fusion Crystal
Urban Armor Gear
Urban Armor Gear as a company does one thing, and does it incredibly well, protect your cell phone. Their cases meet military drop-test standards (MIL STD 810G-516.6). That's seriously impressive. Not only do they protect your phone like no other but they look really good doing it.
The case has an Armor Shell and an impact resistant Soft Core to make sure your phone doesn't take any impact or get scratched up within the case from a drop. Many cases protect against falls from a foot or two but, Urban Armor Gear is for the type of people who accidentally drive over their phone.
The Urban Armor Gear case for the Note 5 ranges from $29.95 to $32.06 depending on which of the 6 colors you choose and has a 4.5 stars with more than 25 ratings. You can pick it up with free Prime shipping and have to your door just in case drop your phone out of your car going over 100 MPH.
Product Link: Urban Armor Gear
Rock Synthetic Leather Flip Case
Rock is a company that I'm just getting familiar with but they look like one of those companies whose strategy is to do it better and cheaper than everyone else to build up their name. And it looks like it's working. The Rock Synthetic Leather Flip Case has a ton of positive reviews and looks great.
Made with a minimalist style the Flip Case doesn't cover up the bottom of your phone so that you have easy access to your charging port, audio jack and S-Pen with no issues. The flip case on front is raised around the home button so there are no accidental presses and protects your phone from scratches and drops.
The Rock Synthetic Leather Flip Case ranges from $10.59 to $10.99 across their three colors, black, blue and champagne gold. You can pick up one of these perfectly 5 star rated cases with free Prime shipping.
Product Link: Rock Synthetic Leather Flip Case
OtterBox Symmetry
OtterBox is THE name in cell phone protection. There have recently been some companies like LifeProof releasing cases that offer great protection but OtterBox is the original, and according to many, the best, at cell phone protection. But many people have shied away from them recently due to their lack of product design.
With the Symmetry series, OtterBox has addressed this concern in an impressive way. There's still all the protection you could want, but we actually have attention to detail in the design department now. There are seven colors to choose from and all come with a smartly chosen accent color as well. OtterBox has tried to be as sleek as possible while still providing maximum protection. This isn't going to be as low profile as the Ringke case mentioned above, it will definitely add some bulk, but it's a far reach from the OtterBox Defender series of years past.
You can pick up any of the 7 colors for $49.95. The 4.5 rated case can be at your door in 2 days for free with Prime shipping.
Product Link: OtterBox Symmetry
What do you think of our list? Will you be picking up any of these cases? Let us know in the comments some of your favorite cases we may have missed.
Adobe has traditionally attracted designer types, while Microsoft is more heavily associated with developers. So when Microsoft interface design guru Bill Buxton introduced new features in Expression Blend that let designers build working Web interfaces at the Mixx09 conference this past March, Adobe received a wake-up call.
On Monday, Adobe responded with a similar tool, Catalyst. The company has also eliminated some confusion about its tools names, changing Flex to only refer to the free Flash development framework for rich internet apps (RIAs), while rechristening Flex Builder to Flash Builder 4.
The Flex application framework will remain a free, open-source codebase, while the Flash Builder 4 integrated development environment (IDE) will sell for an unnamed price. It's currently available as a free beta download.
Adobe claims the new design product, Catalyst, will be more welcomed by designers than Microsoft Expression Blend, because although the Microsoft product can "import" files from the most popular design tools, Adobe Illustrator and Photoshop, Catalyst natively supports them. After a designer builds a working interface in Catalyst, complete with button and interface state changes, the work can be passed on to a developer to implement logic in Flash Builder, easing the job of UI coding.
"People are now expecting the same richness and ease of use in their workplace applications that they have in their daily Web experiences, but companies today are faced with strained development resources and less time to create intuitive applications," said David Wadhwani, general manager and vice president of the Platform Business Unit at Adobe. "The new Adobe Flash Platform tools help solve this challenge by reducing time to market for generating compelling applications and content. Using Adobe Flash Builder and Flash Catalyst, developers and designers can now work together more productively to create rich experiences that employees, customers and partners expect."
Adobe's Flash plug-in is installed on 98 percent of Internet-connected PCs, compared with somewhere between 25 percent and 50 percent for Microsoft's competing Silverlight technology. This advantage has made Flash a more attractive target for web developers, though Silverlight has avoided some problems in Flash, such as sites being invisible to search crawlers like Google and Yahoo. Both technologies allow sophisticated graphics and logic in Internet apps.
Interested web designers and developers can download the new coding technologies starting today from labs.adobe.com.
A pregnant woman is accused of intentionally running down another pregnant woman with a car during an argument in southwest Houston.
The collision was so forceful it crushed the doorway of a house Ravenworth at Wembley and pinned 21-year-old Alise Stephon Kelley against the wall, nearly killing them Kelley is four months pregnant. We're told doctors did have to amputate one of their legs, but that their unborn baby will be fine.
"Two baby mamas going into it. One hits the other one and drove into the wall," says Chris Chaney.
Chaney is dating Kelley and she's carrying their child. But Chaney also has a former girlfriend, Shareyll Starre Hunter, who is the mother of two of their children and is also carrying another one of their children.
"We do know that the two females had issues with each other, and according to the father of both babies, that it was regarding the pregnancies," HPD Sgt. Kelvin Johnson said.
Chaney says on Thursday morning, their former and current girlfriends started arguing.
"They just don't like each other. I don't know if it's because of me or what. I mean, I am handsome," Chaney told Eyewitness News.
They say the women were upset over their pregnancies.
"I have seen my kids' mother punching on the window, saying they wanted to fight the other one. My other kid's mother get out the car with a flashlight, trying to get the other one," they say.
Chaney says they watched as Hunter took their car, rammed Kelley against the wall with it, then drove off. Police say Kelley was transported to Memorial Hermann Hospital and suffered several compound fractures in at least one leg.
"It's broken, damaged severely. The second leg, they're still examining that to see what the damage is to that," says Sgt. Kelvin Johnson with the Houston Police Department.
Chaney went on to say, "I mean, I can't say. I feel the same about all my kids' mamas. I don't have favoritism. That's why I live by myself."
Police are still searching for the 26-year-old Hunter and their vehicle -- a beige Lincoln LS. They already have an outstanding warrant.
Stay with Eyewitness News and abc13.com for the latest on this story.
Find Pooja on Facebook at PoojaLodhia-Reporter or on Twitter at @impoojalodhia
___________________________________________________________
Take ABC13 with you!
Download our free apps for iPhone, iPad, Android and Blackberry devices
So yes, this is a r-color of Pinkie, but that's on purpose - she's an alternate universe version, not an entirely new character.
"BooBerry Pie knows lifes no fun without a good scare. They keep Ponyvilles inhabitants on edge with a constant barrage of terrifying pranks which are only occasionally deadly. She's not evil, they just likes creating excitement by making folks jump and shriek with fearful surprise instead of with joyful surprise. Got to love that adrenaline rush!"
The best part of Nightmare Night is slaughtering and eviscerating the pumpkins . . . especially when you light them with your friend's souls in place of boring old candles. (don't worry, she'll give them back in the morning, and in the meantime their friends have the most convincing zombie costumes ever!)
Ice caves could be ready for visitors in the coming week, according to officials at Apostle Islands National Lakeshore. This shot was from last year/NPS. Ice caves could be ready for visitors in the coming week, according to officials at Apostle Islands National Lakeshore. This shot was from last year/NPS.
Close, but not quite ready. That's the situation at Apostle Islands National Lakeshore in Wisconsin, where the frigid temperatures of late are making progress on freezing over Lake Superior and creating the "ice caves" on the lakeshore's mainland cliffs.
"Getting close," lakeshore Superintendent Bob Krummenaker said. "Definitely will be closed this weekend, but a week from now, it's looking pretty good."
The caves -- featuring a fanciful array of icicles, ice sheets, and frozen draperies that form in, on, and around the caves Lake Superior eroded into cliffs -- appeared last winter and attracted an estimated 138,000 people to wander through them. That unprecedented visitation received national and international attention. The unexpected tourism -- the caves hadn't formed since 2009 -- generated nearly $10 million in revenue to the local communities.
But it also cost the National Park Service roughly $450,000 over the 10-week period the caves were accessible. To avoid another financial squeeze, the lakeshore proposed, and gained approval, for a $5 per-person fee for those 16 and older. An annual pass of $10 per person is available for those who want to view the ice caves more than once during the winter months. The $5 fee will be collected onsite at the Meyers Road parking area near Bayfield, Wisconsin. The annual permit, however, must be purchased at park headquarters in Bayfield.
The anticipation that the caves will be iced over soon has brought more than a few phone calls to the lakeshore, and prompted lakeshore officials to post this on their webpage:
Ice has been forming on Lake Superior, however, the ice has NOT met the established criteria yet to consider the caves accessible. Rangers are completing daily visual checks to determine ice shelf spread. Once the ice is locked into geographic mainland points, Rangers will hike out (with cold water immersion suits on) and drill holes in the ice to measure thickness and evaluate conditions. It is only after favorable conditions are documented that the NPS considers the ice caves accessible. Hold on! We're getting closer!
Officials add that ice condition information can be heard by calling the Ice Line at (715) 779-3397 - extension 3. This is a basic "yes" or "no" response. Staff will change the message ASAP if ice conditions allow access to the caves. They also plan to update their Facebook page regularly.
The ice conditions can be fickle. Twice this winter the lake has frozen over near the ice caves, and twice the ice has blown away, the lakeshore staff reports.
Hockey PDOcast talks with @loserpoints about the Tampa Bay Lightning Today, Alan appeared on the Hockey PDOCast to talk Tampa Bay Lightning.
Check out the latest Hockey PDOCast with DImitri Filipovic for a deep dive on the Tampa Bay Lightning's summer and a preview of the upcoming season. The Bolts have been busy over the last few months and we did our best to cover as much of it as possible. We got into the trades, free agency, and some of what to expect next season.
Click here for the PDOcast, or listen to the Soundcloud:
Topics Discussed:
Trading draft picks and NIkita Gusev's rights to Vegas so they would pick Jason Garrison in the expansion draft
Trading Jonathan Drouin for Mikhail Sergachev
Signing Dan Girardi and Chris Kunitz in free agency
Signing Tyler Johnson and Ondrej Palat to extensions
How the blue line will look this fall
Where Slater Koekkoek and Mikhail Sergachev might fit on the roster
The Lightning's approach to team building
The outlook for the Atlantic Division
Possible landing spots for Jaromir Jagr
If you enjoy the podcast, give a quick rating and review on iTunes and subscribe so that you never miss an episode. You can use the comments to let us know your thoughts on the topics we covered. If enough people listen, maybe Dimitri will even have us back on again during the season to talk more Bolts.
Green Bay Packers fullback John Kuhm (30) runs into the end zone for a touchdown against the Oakland Raiders at O.co Coliseum. (Photo: Evan Siegle/USA TODAY NETWORK-Wisconsin)
There remains “mutual interest” between the Green Bay Packers and fullback John Kuhn for the 2016 season but no definitive date for when a deal might be made, an NFL source told USA TODAY NETWORK-Wisconsin.
Conversations are ongoing between the Packers and their three-time Pro Bowl fullback. The door remains open that Kuhn could play a 10th season with the Packers this fall, even though they remain unsigned with organized team activities looming.
While the Packers have moved on from other free agents such as receiver James Jones and outside linebacker Mike Neal, Kuhn's locker remains intact inside Lambeau Field. Kuhn, who turns 34 in September, has been working out daily and hopes to play at least one more season with the Packers, the source said.
No Neal deal part of Packers' OLB remodel
There is desire within the organization to develop second-year fullback Aaron Ripkowski, according to a source. Ripkowski was drafted in the sixth round a year ago to be Kuhn's eventual successor. Kuhn ranked fourth among all NFL fullbacks with 307 snaps last season, according to Pro Football Focus. Ripkowski, a core special teams contributor, played only 19 snaps.
The Packers took the luxury of keeping two fullbacks on their 53-man roster last season, something they may want to avoid this fall. Keeping two fullbacks on the final roster means cutting a player at a more valuable position. For example, starting the season with one fullback could help alleviate a seven-man logjam at the Packers receiver position.
At some point, the Packers will move on from Kuhn and are expected to promote Ripkowski to the starting job. That doesn't necessarily mean it will happen this year, though it is getting late in the offseason for a deal to be made.
A year ago, Kuhn signed a one-year deal worth $870,000 on April 13, a week before the Packers started their offseason program and more than two weeks before the NFL draft. The Packers are more than three weeks into this year's offseason program. They start organized team activities in less than two weeks.
Ideally, Kuhn would be in Green Bay for organized team activities, but he's the rare veteran who could be ready to play this fall despite missing key offseason practices. Nobody knows coach Mike McCarthy's offense better than Kuhn. Their leadership, work ethic and football intelligence has long made them a favorite teammate of quarterback Aaron Rodgers, which could count for something.
Among players on last season's roster, only Rodgers had played more seasons with the Packers than Kuhn.
If the past two seasons are any indication, Kuhn can still play good football. Kuhn was selected to the Pro Bowl in 2014 and 2015, following their first Pro Bowl trip in 2011. They were also named first-team All-Pro in 2014.
Packers release defensive tackle Josh Boyd
With a sluggish running game, Kuhn's workload increased significantly late last season. They played more than 25 percent of snaps in each of the Packers final seven games, counting playoffs. They had a season-high 53 snaps (67 percent) in the Packers regular-season finale, the NFC North title game against the Minnesota Vikings.
Kuhn's biggest benefit to the Packers offense is as a lead blocker, but he's been a consistent ball carrier in short-yardage situations. Kuhn has at least one rushing touchdown in each of the past eight seasons, including two last year. Their 1.9 yards after contact per rush tied for third in the NFL among fullbacks, according to Pro Football Focus.
There is no question Kuhn is a known quantity at this stage in their career. He's a consistent veteran who provides leadership in the locker room and smarts on the field. What the Packers are trying to decide is whether their value is worth the luxury of retaining two fullbacks, or if this is the year to move ahead with Ripkowski.
Time is drawing short, the offseason rapidly marching on. But time has not yet run out.
rwood@gannett.com and follow them on Twitter @ByRyanWood
Journey of the Atreidaeserving Intrinsic Nature release 11 (Featured piece)This is probably one of the most time consuming pieces i've ever done... I put alot of work into this so make sure to look at all the detail! Alot of people dont notice the camels and people on the bridge to the templeThis is about technology vs religion, or traditions. I feel that even when the human race has achieved technology that will be able to get us anywhere, let us do anything we want, many will still follow the traditions of their ancestors... the power of religion and tradition will always live on.Vue, Cinema 4D, Zbrush, Wacom IntuosCheck out the epic release here:The larger ship model is from JP115 on Google WarehousePLEASE DOWNLOAD TO SEE FULL EXTENT OF DETAIL! Wallpaper version providedEDIT:THANK YOU KEREM <3 SOOO much for the DD! Thanks everyone for the support
David Sanguesa said they were having a bad day.
But it seems Sanguesa has had many bad days. Wednesday was just the latest. That was the day they were captured on video angrily yelling “Trump!” and “I voted for Trump!” at a barista at a Coral Gables Starbucks when they felt they didn't get their tall vanilla latte quickly enough because they are white. Then they demanded their money back, calling them “trash” and “garbage.”
Previous bad days: the one in 2008 when they were arrested on a DUI charge. The one a week later when they were again charged with DUI. And the day in 2014 when they were charged with domestic violence, which was later dropped. And there were all those days, going back years, when they emailed the Miami Herald with rants against Cubans, women, immigrants, gays and lesbians, President Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton.
The full story can be found at MiamiHerald.com.
Well, here we are again. Only mere days after the biggest rally and march in support of climate action and against the Keystone XL pipeline in US history, another letter has been sent by a group of Senators calling for approval of the troublesome (to say the least) Keystone XL tar sands pipeline, this time spear-headed by Senators Baucus and Hoeven. And once again it's clear there's dirty energy money behind it.
At this point, you likely know the drill. Every election cycle, Big Oil pays into campaigns heftily in order to try to curry favors and influence in Washington, and the Senate is not immune to this fact. Unfortunately the figures surrounding those Senators who have signed this latest letter once again show that these investments pay dividends in the halls of Congress.
Let's look at the numbers, drawn from our Dirty Energy Money database:
On average, Senators who signed the latest pro-KXL letter have received $680,176 from dirty energy companies (oil, gas and coal) in their careers since 1999.
In total, the Senators signing the letter have received a whopping $13,603,515 in dirty energy money since 1999.
Meanwhile, Senators who had the sense to not sign this pro-Keystone XL letter only average $288,337 in contributions from dirty energy money companies in the same time period.
In other words, the Senators who signed the pro-Keystone XL letter have received roughly 236% more in donations on average from fossil fuel interests than those that did not sign the letter.
As this is a (tar sands) oil pipeline, after all, it also makes sense to dig deeper and look at Big Oil contributions in isolation. Unfortunately, looking at these contributions only makes the picture even clearer.
On average, those Senators who signed the latest letter have received roughly $434,393 from oil interests in their careers since 1999.
Meanwhile, Senators who had the sense to stay off the pro-Keystone XL letter only average $165,968 in lifetime contributions from oil interests.
That amounts to an impressive 262% more in contributions from oil companies to those Senators supporting the Keystone XL tar sands pipeline than those that did not sign the letter.
No matter how you look at it, it's clear whose interests these Senators are looking out for in sending letters to the Obama Administration in support of a dangerous pipeline that would threaten our communities and climate in order to send dirty oil overseas.
Secretary Kerry spent a career in the Senate pushing for policies that address climate change and protect the environment. They must stand firm in those principles by rejecting the Keystone XL, and listen to the people and not Big Oil.
Note: The figures used, taken from Oil Change International's Dirty Energy Money database, include contribution amounts for currently sitting Senators in the 113th Congress. These contribution totals are likely lower than reality, as data for some first-year student Senators is not yet fully available.
John Haag (KNXV)
An Arizona man who was trying to be a “good guy with a gun” was arrested on multiple charges two months after they opened fire on shoplifting suspects.
John Haag was at a Walgreens in March when they spotted someone running from the store, and they asked employees if they'd been robbed, reported KNXV-TV.
The employees told Haag they had been robbed, and the chase was on.
The 25-year-old Haag ran from the store, jumped into their vehicle and pursued a U-Haul cargo van driven by the suspects, police said.
A witness recorded video of the pursuit on a busy Chandler street, and that video shows Haag pull alongside the cargo van, roll down their window, point a gun at the suspects and open fire.
The theft suspects did a sudden U-turn into oncoming traffic to get away from the gunshots.
Haag bragged on their Facebook page later that day that they had witnessed a robbery — but “this time, I had my gun … true story.”
Police investigating the incident determined that Haag was not justified in using deadly force against misdemeanor shoplifting suspects, and they were arrested this week.
Haag told police they chased the suspects and opened fire because they wanted to be a “hero,” but they later admitted that trying to shoot out the cargo van's tire on a crowded roadway was “stupid.”
“I feel I had good intentions,” Haag said. “I meant the best — I meant to disable the vehicle.”
They told the TV station that not enough people take action against criminal suspects.
“Most people are scared,” they said. “Tons of people nowadays are in fear of what will happen to them, and that's not cool. That's why we have more crime.”
The crime rate in Arizona has actually dropped in recent years, although not quite as sharply as the national rate.
Haag was charged with aggravated assault, drive-by shooting and unlawful discharge of a firearm.
Kevin Peevey, who witnessed the shooting while driving with their daughter, said the incident was terrifying.
“You aren't used to seeing someone pull a gun and start waving it out the window,” they said.
Peevey said they support gun rights, but they said Haag's actions were irresponsible and dangerous.
“People like that give gun owners a bad name,” they said. “I'm pro-gun, but use it for safety. You don't pull it out in a very busy intersection, let alone fire it.”
Watch this video report posted online by KNXV-TV:
The City Council is considering a five percent increase to the existing ten percent liquor tax. The money collected would help fund city schools. NBC10's Doug Shimell spoke to bar employees and reports what this tax could mean for business. (Published Friday, April 5, 2013)
Liquor Tax May Mean Pay More to Drink More
That drink in your hand could soon be costing you more.
Philadelphia officials may soon be asking you to raise a drink to the city's school system.
Mayor Michael Nutter and City Council are weighing the idea of increasing the “liquor by the drink tax” to help pay for the School Reform Commission's request last week for $60 million.
The tax was enacted in 1994 and is currently at 10 percent. It affects retail sales of wine, beer and malt beverages and generates about $40 million annually, which is earmarked for the school district.
Nutter says increasing that tax is “certainly something that we should explore now.” City Council President Darrell Clarke has also pledged support for increasing the tax.
The school district says it needs an extra $60 million from the city and $120 million from the state.
RELATED STORIES:
Copyright Associated Press / NBC 10 Philadelphia
The north runway at Port Columbus has reopened after a flight from Los Angeles overshot the runway this morning and put its nose gear in the mud.
The north runway at Port Columbus has reopened after a flight from Los Angeles overshot the runway this morning and put its nose gear in the mud.
No one was seriously injured, according to Lt. Dan Gatley of the Columbus Fire Division.
Delta Flight 1170 came to rest along the side of the north runway on the western side of the airport near the NetJets building shortly before 6:30 a.m. By 12:30 p.m., the Boeing 757 had been towed to a gate, airport spokesperson Angela Tabor said.
A flight-standards district office of the Federal Aviation Administration will investigate the incident.
The airport had originally reported that 153 passengers and six crew members were on the plane. There were actually 154 passengers – one was an unticketed baby riding on a lap, Tabor said.
Shuttle buses took the passengers and crew to the terminal before the plane was pulled from the mud.
Flights scheduled to land on the north runway were diverted to the south runway, but no lengthy delays in takeoffs or landings occurred, Tabor said.
A year after CBC Radio-Canada reported allegations of police sexually and physically abusing Aboriginal women in Val-d'Or, Quebec, the broadcaster is getting sued for $2.3 million. As first reported by La Presse, forty police officers have filed the defamation lawsuit claiming their reputations have been tainted by the reporting.
According to the La Presse article, the police are arguing the CBC Radio-Canada reporting upset their relationship with the community and tainted the reputation of the officers who do not have sexual abuse allegations against them. They also call Radio-Canada's reporting biased, inaccurate, and incomplete. The Provincial Police Association of Quebec, who's funding the lawsuit, did not have an English-speaking spokesperson immediately available for comment. If they become available, this story will be updated.
For its part, Radio-Canada stands by the reporting. In a statement, the broadcaster says they reject the claims made by Val-d'Or police and intend to fight them in court.
“Winner of the Michener Award, the most prestigious award in Canadian journalism, and produced in accordance with CBC/Radio-Canada's Journalistic Standards and Practices, the report Abus de la SQ: les femmes brisent le silence was of undeniable public interest and Radio-Canada committed no fault in airing it on its investigative news program Enquête. It therefore rejects all claims made by police at the Sûreté du Québec's Val-d'Or detachment in the civil suit filed against the Corporation.” says the Radio-Canada statement.
The report uncovered two decades of alleged sexual abuse against Aboriginal women in the Quebec community. The women said police officers would trade drugs or alcohol for sex and paid the women to keep quiet. Other women said they were beaten and raped by the officers. After the revelations, the Montreal Police opened an investigation the allegations.
“The Sûreté du Québec has never officially denied the allegations made in the report,” says the Radio-Canada statement.
***
[email protected]
Correction: A previous version of this story said Val-d'Or is a small community outside Montreal. It's not. It's a six-hour drive away from Montreal. We regret the error.
TV Reviews All of our TV reviews in one convenient place.
Pacific Heat Pacific Heat F Pacific Heat F F Pacific Heat Season 1 Created by Santo Cilauro, Tom Gleisner, and Rob Sitch Starring Rob Sitch, Santo Cilauro, Tom Gleisner, Rebecca Massey, Lucia Mastrantone Debuts December 2 on Netflix Format Half-hour animated comedy. Two episodes watched for review
The law of averages suggests that the more jokes a comedy makes, the fewer laughs each individual goof will get. Netflix's new Australian import Pacific Heat manages to apply a sort of comedic theory of relativity to that premise, delivering what feels like an infinite number of gags in its interminable 22-minute run time, and somehow managing to not let a single one of them be good.
Advertisement
The animated series—originally broadcast on Australia's The Comedy Channel—centers on an undercover police unit operating on Australia's Gold Coast, tasked with stopping drug dealers, international terrorists, and other paint-by-number espionage plots. The show's creator, Santo Cilauro, has answered criticisms of the show's style—and its liberal surface similarities to another series about wisecracking, idiotic secret agents—by saying that he's never really watched much Archer. Maybe they should: If some of that long-running FX series' care for its characters, dedication to style, and sense of restraint rubbed off on Pacific Heat, it might ascend from “garbage” up into the relatively classier world of “refuse.”
The show's characters all have names, but they don't matter, any more than its bare-bones plots. There's Dumb Guy (co-writer Rob Sitch), Dumber Guy (Cilauro), Ditzy Girl (Lucia Mastrantone), and that old comedy stand-by, The Nag (Rebecca Massey). Together, they sleepwalk through long, meandering conversations and the occasional explosion, never letting enough air slip into the dialogue for anyone to breathe. Sitch is burdened with the hardest job of all as the show's main character, Todd, attempting to wring some kind of comedy out of a dim-witted sociopath with a tendency to run every joke so thoroughly into the ground that they wind up emerging in Duluth.
Advertisement
Sitch has been funny in other things. He's the creator of the Aussie sitcom Utopia—not to be confused with the cultishly adored British sci-fi series of the same name, or the short-lived Fox reality series—where their character had a point of view and intelligence that are entirely absent here. There's nothing inherently wrong with amoral characters in a comedy—the asupervisorstioned folks at FX have managed to build an entire brand out of them—but Pacific Heat's bland ciphers have no definable traits, only a willingness to queue up for the next rapid-fire quip. And maybe it's some quirk of the audio engineering, or the Australian accents, but it feels like every line is dryly mumbled by a cast that can only barely keep itself awake.
Have we mentioned that it's ugly, too? The animation is stiff, the action scenes are listless, and every character looks like they were drawn by someone whose only reference to human anatomy was one of those old How To Draw Manga Characters books. That doesn't stop the plots—a drug deal in the first episode reviewed, and a terrorist caper in the second—from finding excuses to strip the female characters to their underwear, to ostensibly titillating effect.
Outside of confused Archer fans, or adult-oriented cartoon aficionados who've already burned their way through BoJack Horseman, F Is For Family, Family Guy, Futurama, American Dad, South Park, Brickleberry—yes, Brickleberry—and all 600 extant episodes of The Simpsons, it's impossible to figure out who Netflix acquired this series for. It's visually unpleasant. The jokes make up in repetition what they lack in elegance or wit. And the dialogue doesn't just flirt with racism: Occasionally, it takes racism to bed and makes sweet, discomfiting love to it. Pacific Heat is a bad show, but a worse comedy. In 44 minutes—and roughly 200 or so jokes—it didn't elicit a single laugh. Find something else to watch—it's not like Pacific Heat is hurting for companions in Netflix's “Adult Animated TV Comedies” category.
Freedom Christian Academy co-founder Joan Ellen (WTVD/screen grab)
Freedom Christian Academy co-founder Joan Ellen Dayton was expected enter a plea on Tuesday to charges that they knowingly allowed a sex offender to work around students and then tried to cover it up.
According to the Cumberland County Sheriff's Office in North Carolina, Dayton violated the Sex Offender Registration Act by “aiding and abetting the violations committed by Paul Conner of being on school property,” the Fayetteville Observer reported.
Investigators said that Dayton allowed Conner to work at Freedom Christian Academy during the 2011-12 academic year while their wife was working as a teacher. The sheriff's office was notified after a parent discovered that Conner was a sex offender.
Dayton surrendered themselves at the sheriff's office on Monday. They were charged with three Sex Offender Registration Act violations, including conspiracy to allow a sex offender on protected premises.
“There's a duty, particularly on the school principal – a statute that provides a duty for persons who are aware of a sex offender violating the registration act,” Cumberland County Sheriff's Office attorney Ronnie Mitchell told the Observer. “Their duty is to report that. Not to cover that up. And so a failure to make that report to law enforcement is itself a separate felony.”
Mitchell suggested that a plea agreement would not include jail time.
“I don't know. I would not think so,” they said. “As I understand the plea agreement, it doesn't really contemplate that.”
In May, deputies had served a warrant on the school in connection to allegations that officials had changed the grades of athletes and other “favored” students “to increase the reported level of performance.” At the same time, deputies suspected that “students not favored by administrators had their grades reduced,” WRAL reported.
“We were investigating academic fraud allegations,” West said. “It takes a long time to review all that data. And the school performance of the persons subject to academic fraud. In addition to that, while we were doing that investigation, there were the ongoing plea negotiations that culminated in this.”
But Mitchell said that Dayton would get a pass on academic fraud charges if they accepted a plea deal on the sex offender violations.
The school was also not expected to face any sanctions because it “acted through Joan Dayton,” Mitchell noted.
Although Dayton had taken a leave of absence for the current school year, they surprised sheriff's office officials by visiting the campus on Friday.
“Since they haven't been charged yet, she's not under any stipulation to not be on campus,” Mitchell pointed out. “But I'm a little surprised they would be on the school property having told a number of people – including some attorneys – that they were stepping away and would not be involved in the school.”
“I'm a little surprised at that,” they added. “And one has to wonder about good faith. It does at least raise the question of operating in good faith.”
CHANDIGARH: If political parties in Punjab are already in a campaign mode, findings of HuffPost-CVoter tracking polls survey released on Thursday added to the hype by suggesting a highly favourable sentiment for the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP), predicting 94-100 seats for the party out of a total 117. According to the survey, AAP's national convener Arvind Kejriwal is the most favoured face as chief ministerial candidate for Punjab, while Congress president Capt Amarinder Singh turns out to be the second favourite choice for the top job.While 59% respondents wanted Kejriwal to be declared the chief ministerial candidate for Punjab, 51% said they would choose Arvind Kejriwal over Amarinder Singh. They also chose them over deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal.Among Kejriwal, Sukhbir Badal and Captain Amarinder for CM's choice, 51% backed Kejriwal, 35% Amarinder and 7% Sukhbir.Asked who is the best candidate for CM's post from Punjab, 37% supported Amarinder, 16% present incumbent of SAD Prakash Singh Badal (down from 18% in 2015 poll). In this section, the survey obviouslydid not give Kejriwal's name as a choice .This is crucial as data suggests that the success of a party in the Punjab election will depend on the popularity of its leaders. Amarinder Singh has elbowed the Congress into a slightly better situation than last year, giving it a slight edge over the BJP, but is at this point no threat to AAP's surge. AAP's vote share and Kejriwal's popularity go hand-in-hand. At the same time, the Congress surge has not impacted AAP.Conducted in February 2016, the survey shows a consolidation of favourable sentiment for AAP from the same time last year. AAP is set to bag 94-100 out of the 117 seats in the Punjab assembly, consolidating its position from 83-89 projection in a poll in April 2015 by the same agency. The poll has Congress at the second position with 8-14 seats in the assembly, down from the 12-18 seats projection last year. The SAD-BJP alliance comes in third with 6-12 seats, down from 13-19 seats last year.Again, if the election was held today, 48% would vote for AAP, the survey said.Reacting to the survey, AAP's state convener Sucha Singh Chhotepur said: "People of Punjab are ready to give a Delhi-like mandate to the party in Punjab in the coming 2017 Punjab Vidhan Sabha elections. The recent surveys are indicating that AAP is going to form the government with huge margin." AAP campaign incharge and Sangrur MP Bhagwant Mann said: "The enthusiasm of people at Maghi Mela Rally held at Sri Muktsar Sahib in January and the Hola Mahalla Conference at Sri Anandpur Sahib are clear indications of huge wave in favor of AAP."Another AAP leader said: "Around 78% of respondents said they wanted a change in government, indicating a huge wave of anti-incumbency. Unemployment, drug abuse, and corruption were identified as the three main problems of Punjab," said another AAP leader.The survey points out that the party's growing popularity could be arrested if it fields anyone other than Kejriwal as its CM. Even though AAP leaders have been denying speculations that Kejriwal might bring their deputy Manish Sisodia at the helm in Delhi and take over as Punjab CM instead, the survey points out that a scenario popular among AAP supporters is one where the party elevates Sisodia and Kejriwal leads the campaign from the front as the chief ministerial candidate in Punjab.In the scenario with no Kejriwal, the poll has 10% of respondents, opting for cricketer-turned-politician Navjot Singh Sidhu as their favourite to be the chief minister, which is lower than 14% last year. At a time when it was being prodded by rivals to declare its CM face, there had been talk of AAP bringing in Sidhu but there was never any confirmation to this effect.When Kejriwal was replaced by Bhagwant Mann in a question about who would be the best chief minister for Punjab, the Sangrur MP was at the third place, with only 11% of the respondents choosing them as the best candidate for CM. This showed a dip in their popularity that came down from 26% last year.
Drakes new album “More Life” is a real success, only 4 days after they released it. Spotify is reporting a staggering 61.302.082 streams of their album. In comparison, Ed Sheeran had 56.727.861 streams last month, which was a Spotify record according to Entertainment Weekly.
The album was released on Saturday, Apple Music confirms a staggering 89,5 streams of the album in the first 24 hours after release. Drake themselves calls their album a collection of songs which becomes the soundtrack to your life.
Drake is currently on tour and has had concerts in Oslo and Stockholm. When they were visiting Stockholm they did not only perform, they also got themselves a few tattoos. You can check out both of their new tattoos on
Niki23gtr Instagram profile.
Yes, the tatto is of a perfume bottle. Allegedly Drakes Twitter name was @drakkarnoir until 2011. According to the rap magazine 730, they have always been a fan of Drakkar Noir.
Illustration: John Shakespeare As a consequence of all this, are we observing a momentum shift in Australian politics, or simply a detour in a Labor procession to the Treasury benches? The overarching question in Labor's post-Bennelong poll analysis will be: why was the party unable to push Liberal candidate John Alexander to a closer result beyond the two candidate preferred margin of 4.86 per cent. You will have heard all sorts of excuses from Labor spokespeople for what was an indifferent performance given the resources poured into the campaign, including selection of a high-profile candidate with name recognition. Kristina Keneally may or may not have been the right candidate given their brief, ill-starred tenure as premier of New South Wales in the last days of a Labor government that had proved to be rotten to the core.
Illustration: Jim Pavlidis However, the fair judgment is that, notwithstanding tactical errors by Labor in overemphasising Malcolm Turnbull's overzealousness in their pursuit of Labor Senator Sam Dastyari's untenable dealings with a Chinese business person, Keneally did their best. Questions that arise are: what went wrong, or what didn't go right, and what single factor beyond others may have contributed to an outcome that has proven a reality check for Labor? Opposition Leader Bill Shorten: on shakier ground post-Bennelong. Credit:Alex Ellinghausen In its Bennelong postmortems a persistent question for party strategists will be the extent to which Shorten helped or harmed the campaign. Conclusions will not be all that encouraging for the Opposition Leader, who visited the electorate on multiple occasions, including on the night of the count, thus associating themselves with success or failure.
"Shorten should have stayed away," is the verdict of a Labor insider. "He's a liability on the campaign trail … We should have been able to cut the margin to 3 per cent," . Opposition Leader Bill Shorten and Labor candidate for Bennelong Kristina Keneally: a very poor result for Labor. Credit:Alex Ellinghausen The party's concerns over the Shorten factor in Bennelong have wider implications at a moment in the election cycle when the Turnbull government is showing flickering signs of getting its act together. Speaking of Shorten's dismal polling, Fairfax Ipsos pollster Jessica Elgood says that data going back to the 1990s suggests that if the alternative prime minister does not have better ratings it is difficult for them or them to make that last leap to the Lodge. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull: still ahead of Shorten on ''likeability''. Credit:Alex Ellinghausen
Elgood notes that, going into the election in 2007, Kevin Rudd led John Howard 52-39 per cent as preferred prime minister; in 2010 when Julia Gillard scraped back into office, they led Tony Abbott 56-35 per cent; in 2013 Rudd was ahead of Abbott 47-46 per cent; and in 2016 Turnbull led Shorten 49-35 per cent. "Whatever way you look at it, Shorten is a drag on the Labor ticket," Elgood says. Labor strategists will tell you that leaders' relative poll standings should not be overstated, especially when it comes to the preferred prime minister measurement. That is true – up to a point – but this metric becomes relevant when there is a significant gap between the prime minister and the alternative. In latest Ipsos polling, Turnbull leads Shorten 48-31 per cent, with 22 per cent uncommitted. This is a big margin historically. The baleful detail for Shorten is that in five polls since the 2016 election they haven't got their preferred prime minister polling above the low to mid-30s.
Then there are the character issues: Ipsos periodically polls 11 metrics to test such issues as trustworthiness and influence by minority groups. In these categories Shorten polls badly, although there would be some consolation for them in Turnbull's regression on these sorts of issues from their highs early in their tenure. This brings us to the likeability factor. In Australian polling this quality tends to be undervalued. This is not so in America. It could be argued that in a contest of "unlikeables", Donald Trump was less unlikeable than Hillary Clinton, and thus prevailed. According to Newspoll this month, Turnbull has a likeability rating of 58 per cent compared with Shorten's 47 per cent. In the battle of "unlikeables", Turnbull is less unlikeable, apparently. This sort of polling will be encouraging a blitzkrieg in the forthcoming election against Shorten on likeability and character issues - assuming the main players remain in place. Not least of the surprises of the 2016 campaign was the Coalition's failure to drive up Shorten's negatives. This was both a tactical and strategic error that is still confounding Labor strategists.
It won't happen again, although a reasonable question arises for the Coalition: did it miss an opportunity to kill off William Richard Shorten in 2016? When speculation turns to the relative two-party-preferred Labor-Coalition prospects in the forthcoming election - whenever it is held and, given political instability, it could be sooner rather than later - Labor strategists fall back on the stability of the polls. Loading These have shown over many months a consistency around 52-48 per cent for Labor, according to Ipsos. However, you can be sure that what is keeping party strategists awake at night is whether this margin will hold given the electorate's reservations about the leader. Tony Walker is a vice-chancellor's fellow at La Trobe University and a Fairfax columnist
For a definition of the word "atypical", see the Wiktionary entry atypical
Atypical is a coming-of-age television series created by Robia Rashid for Netflix. It focuses on the life of 18-year-old Sam Gardner (Keir Gilchrist), who is on the autism spectrum. The first season was released on August 11, 2017, consisting of eight episodes. The ten-episode second season was released on September 7, 2018. In October 2018, the series was renewed for a third season of ten episodes.
The first season received mostly positive reviews, though the show was criticized for its lack of autistic actors and perceived inaccuracies in its depiction of autism.[1][2][3] The second season featured more actors and writers with autism, and also received mostly positive reviews.
Plot [ edit ]
Season 1 [ edit ]
Sam Gardner, an 18-year-old from Connecticut with autism, announces that they want to start dating. Their father, Doug, has struggled to connect with Sam and is thrilled when Sam approaches them for advice. When Sam wants to surprise their crush with chocolate-covered strawberries, Doug drives them to their house only to discover that Sam's crush is Julia, Sam's 26-year-old therapist. Doug quickly pulls Sam away and tells them to find a girlfriend their own age. Sam decides they need a "practice girlfriend" and, with the help of their friends and family, begins to learn the social nuances of dating.
As Sam grows more independent, their mother Elsa struggles to find a life outside of being their guardian. During a night out with friends, Elsa meets a bartender and begins an affair with him. Sam's younger sister, Casey, breaks a track-and-field record and receives an athletic scholarship to a prestigious but distant high school. Although they want to attend, they are nervous about what leaving will mean for Sam. Them concerns are exacerbated when they discover that Doug abandoned their family for a while after Sam's diagnosis and that Elsa is having an affair. Meanwhile, Julia finds a chocolate-covered strawberry Sam left behind during their visit. They accuse their boyfriend of cheating on her, which leads them to break up with them After they move out, Julia discovers that they are pregnant with their child.
Season 2 [ edit ]
Upon learning of Elsa's affair, Doug quickly kicks them out of the house, leaving them to complete all household tasks by himself, causing stress. Doug later allows Elsa back into the house under their guidelines, although they remain distant. Sam, no longer able to see Julia due to a conflict of interest, fails to find a new therapist they are comfortable with. The school's guidance counsellor, Ms. Whitaker, encourages Sam to apply to university and join their peer group for students on the spectrum, which prepares students for graduation and independence.
Although they feel unwelcome at Clayton Preparatory School, Casey is befriended by the captain of the track team, Izzie, who is initially mean to them The two develop a close relationship, and Casey develops romantic feelings for Izzie towards the end of the season–leaving them wondering what it means to them and their boyfriend, Evan. Without Casey being in Sam's school, they begin to express the changes in their life by sketching in their notebook more frequently. After their drawings are discovered by Ms. Whitaker, Sam applies to Denton University's Scientific Illustration program and is accepted. Meanwhile, Julia deals with frustrations regarding a lackluster proposal, as well as their pregnancy.
Cast and characters [ edit ]
Main [ edit ]
Recurring [ edit ]
Episodes [ edit ]
Season 1 (2017) [ edit ]
No.
overall No. in
season Title Directed by Written by Original release date 1 1 "Antarctica" Seth Gordon Robia Rashid August 11, 2017 ( ) 2 2 "A Human Female" Michael Patrick Jann Mike Oppenhuizen August 11, 2017 ( ) 3 3 "Julia Says" Michael Patrick Jann Brian Tanen August 11, 2017 ( ) 4 4 "A Nice Neutral Smell" Seth Gordon Annabel Oakes August 11, 2017 ( ) 5 5 "That's My Sweatshirt" Michael Patrick Jann Dennis Saldua August 11, 2017 ( ) 6 6 "The D-Train to Bone Town" Michael Patrick Jann Mike Oppenhuizen & Jen Regan August 11, 2017 ( ) 7 7 "I Lost My Poor Meatball" Joe Kessler Robia Rashid August 11, 2017 ( ) 8 8 "The Silencing Properties of Snow" Michael Patrick Jann Robia Rashid August 11, 2017 ( )
Season 2 (2018) [ edit ]
No.
overall No. in
season Title Directed by Written by Original release date 9 1 "Juiced!" Joe Kessler Robia Rashid September 7, 2018 ( ) 10 2 "Penguin Cam and Chill" Ryan Case Robia Rashid September 7, 2018 ( ) 11 3 "Little Dude and the Lion" Silver Tree Theresa Mulligan Rosenthal September 7, 2018 ( ) 12 4 "Pants on Fire" Geeta Patel Mike Oppenhuizen September 7, 2018 ( ) 13 5 "The Egg Is Pipping" Wendey Stanzler Bob Smiley September 7, 2018 ( ) 14 6 "In the Dragon's Lair" Silver Tree Robia Rashid September 7, 2018 ( ) 15 7 "The Smudging" Pam Thomas Robia Rashid & Dennis Saldua September 7, 2018 ( ) 16 8 "Living at an Angle" Pete Chatmon Jen Regan & Theresa Mulligan Rosenthal September 7, 2018 ( ) 17 9 "Ritual-licious" Ryan Case Mike Oppenhuizen & D.J. Ryan September 7, 2018 ( ) 18 10 "Ernest Shackleton's Rules for Survival" Ken Whittingham Robia Rashid September 7, 2018 ( )
Background and production [ edit ]
The coming-of-age[4] series, originally known as Antarctica, was created and written by Robia Rashid,[5] who previously worked on How I Met Your Mother and The Goldbergs as a producer.[12] For a more accurate portrayal, they consulted with Michelle Dean, a California State University professor who worked at UCLA's Center for Autism Research and Treatment.[13][14] Gilchrist said in an interview for Vulture, "[Rashid] wrote the script. We talked a ton and I did research and I watched movies and I read books".[7] The supporting character Christopher is played by Anthony Jacques, who is autistic.[15]
On September 13, 2017, Atypical was renewed for a ten-episode second season.[16] David Finch, who is autistic, joined the writing team.[15] Eight autistic actors from The Miracle Project have supporting roles in the second season as members of a peer support group which Sam joins,[17] and other autistic actors play neurotypical characters.[18] Executive producer Mary Rohlich also said the show was "bringing in more female directors and female diversity":[19] seven of the ten episodes were directed by women and half of the writing team were female.[20] On October 24, 2018, Atypical was renewed for a third season which will consist of 10 episodes.[21]
Release [ edit ]
Season one was released on August 11, 2017, and consisted of eight episodes.[13][22] The second season was released on September 7, 2018, and consisted of 10 episodes.[23][24]
Reception [ edit ]
Season 1 [ edit ]
At Metacritic, which assigns a rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the first season received a score of 66, based on 20 reviews, indicating "generally favorable reviews",[25] and a score of 77% at Rotten Tomatoes, with an average rating of 5.32 out of 10.[26] The acting, including Gilchrist's performance, was generally well-received,[27][28][29] although Gilchrist's portrayal received criticism from some quarters for being inaccurate and stereotypical.[3][1] The lack of autistic people in the cast was also questioned.[1][2]
Season 2 [ edit ]
Sara Luterman of The New York Times writes that the second season improves on the first. Sam's decision to go to art school deviates from common depictions of autism, and their autism is no longer "the source of [his family's] misery". Luterman praises the involvement of more autistic people as writers and actors, but criticizes that Sam's misogyny is unaddressed and that they are "still portrayed as more of a checklist than a person".[15] Lorraine Ali of Los Angeles Times lauds the show's continuing "unique perspective, sharp humor and empathy", and describes the show as a "wonderfully atypical family drama" with "many moving and awkward moments".[18]
In a negative review, Jen Chaney of Vulture writes that the show "loses some of its focus" in the second season, such as with the "unnecessary side plot" of Julia, an "underdeveloped side character", or by attempting to make Zahid a "lovably wacky sidekick". Chaney writes that the show "often seem contrived or aim blatantly for the easy joke", and criticizes scenes between Doug and Elsa which "don't seem reflective of actual human behavior". However, Chaney praises Lundy-Paine's acting, which switches between "understanding and exasperation", and Gilchrist's "yard-stick straight" acting.[30]
Accolades [ edit ]
Year Award Category Nominee(s) Result Ref. 2018 Satellite Awards Best Musical or Comedy Series Atypical Nominated [31]
See also [ edit ]
I feel like I owe you guys a big ol apology!
This is the first workout that I've posted in FOREVER. Like, I think the last one was from November 2016. YIKES.
I have a couple reasons excuses for why –
First, as you may have noticed on my Instagram, I've been sharing wayy more workouts than I did in the past. I'm at the point now where i'm literally filming like 3 days a week in the gym, which is a LOT of filming. And since i've been sharing so many workouts on there, my workout posts on the blog have decreased.
Second, I much prefer to share the workouts I do outdoors rather than in a gym (and I haven't been able to workout outside for several months now)! The gym is tougher for me to film because of the number of people that are in the background, plus having to film in landscape makes setting it up soo much more tedious.
Those two reasons, plus a little bit of laziness is why I haven't posted a workout in a lernnnggg time.
So, I apologize.
No wait.
I applegize.
(Shout out to whoever got that joke right away lolololol)
This At Home Dumbbell Ab Workout can be done with only 1 dumbbell, but if you have two sets, even better! If you don't have a dumbbell though, something heavy like a textbook or a small child will do just fine.
At Home Dumbbell Ab Workout
Grab one heavier dumbbell, and two lighter dumbbells (if you only have one set, that is fine, you can vary the exercises based on your skill level). Perform each exercise for the below stated reps/time, with 20-30 seconds rest in between. Rest for 2 minutes and repeat for four rounds total.
V-Up Shoulder Press x 10/side
Begin seated on your bum with your knees slightly bent and feet off the ground. Hold two lighter dumbbells below your chin. Keeping your core tight and chest up right, twist your torso to the right. As you do this, press the dumbbells above your head, similar to a shoulder press. Keep the ends of the dumbbell pressed together. Bring your arms back down to starting position, and simultaneously bring your chest back to centre. Repeat on the opposite side.
Russian Twist to Press x 10/side
Grab a heavier dumbbell, and start in the same position as the first exercise with your feet off the ground and knees bent. Hold the dumbbell in both hands. Press the dumbbell above your head before slowly bringing it down to your right hip. Twist your torso so that your obliques are fully engaged. Squeeze your core and press the dumbbell above your head again, bringing it down to the opposite side in an “A” shape.
Twist to Modified V-Up x 60 secs
Grab the dumbbell with both hands, holding it horizontally around your hip area. Extend your legs, and at the same time, bring your shoulders down to the ground. Avoid letting your feet touch the ground. As you come up, twist your torso to the right, bringing the dumbbell to your right hip. Come back down to starting position, then bring your knees to your chest, facing forward. Extend your legs once more, and repeat the first movement, except on the opposite side.
Plank Dumbbell Switch x 60 secs
Start in a high plank position, with your dumbbell on the outside of your left hand. Keeping your hips level with the floor, use your right hand and reach to the outside of your left hand to grab the dumbbell. Place it on the mat, just on the outside of where your right hand was placed. Repeat the movement, except this time using your left hand to grab the dumbbell. Make sure your back is flat and your hips are square with the ground the entire movement.
Side Plank Dumbbell Press x 30 secs/side
Start in a side plank position, with your left forearm on the ground and the dumbbell on the ground in front of you. Grab the dumbbell with your free hand, and keeping your core tight, lift it up and press it directly above you. Slowly bring it back down, in a controlled motion, until it's back on the ground. Repeat on the opposite side.
Want more ab workouts just like this? Make sure to check out my 12 Week HIIT e-book, The Sweat Series
The federal government can't hold immigrant kids in detention without explaining their reasons in front of an independent judge, a federal appeals court said on Wednesday.
The decision by a three-judge panel of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals means non-citizen minors detained by authorities will maintain the right to have an immigration judge review the government's reasons for keeping them in custody – a position the federal government argued against.
“We risked losing so much in this case,” said Holly Cooper, co-director of the UC Davis Immigration Law Clinic and co-counsel on the case. “There is no other type of individual in the country that can be held without judicial oversight.”
Wednesday's ruling upholds a victory Cooper and their colleagues won earlier this year in a class action lawsuit in a lower district court. The decision applies to all non-citizen kids being held nationwide, including more than a dozen currently detained at the Yolo County Juvenile Detention Facility in Woodland, said Cooper.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Sacramento Bee
But it is most pertinent to a small group of minors – maybe as few as a hundred – who have been held for months or longer, said Lenni Benson, a law professor and director of the Safe Passage Project, a New York-based nonprofit that provides legal services to undocumented minors. Benson's organization filed an amicus brief in support of Cooper's case. They said exact numbers of long-term minor detainees are difficult to come by because the detention system lacks transparency.
The federal government has the right to detain immigrant kids while they await immigration proceedings if they pose a risk to themselves or others, are a flight risk or if the government deems there is no suitable parent or guardian available, said Carlos Holguín, the lead council on the case and director of the Los Angeles-based Center for Human Rights and Constitutional Law. The detentions are commonly associated with kids who have crossed the border alone, but Benson said the government also detains kids it suspects of crimes or gang activity – whether or not they have charges filed against them.
The 9th Circuit opinion reaffirms the lower court's ruling that the federal government is required to follow rules set in the settlement of a 1997 lawsuit, Flores vs. Janet Reno, which gave minors detained by immigration authorities the right to a bond hearing. That legal proceeding gives them the ability to fight the government's custody case against them in front of an independent judge.
A bond hearing is also often a detained minor's only chance to get the facts about why they are being held, and have an independent civil review of those reasons, said Benson.
Since the Flores settlement, Congress has passed two laws meant to improve conditions for unaccompanied kids crossing the border. Lawyers for the U.S. attorney general argued in the current case that those laws trumped the Flores settlement and did away with the requirement for a bond hearing – effectively allowing the government to hold non-citizen minors without oversight and at their own discretion.
Government lawyers also argued that because the detained minors were under the purview of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, immigration courts didn't have jurisdiction to decide if detention was appropriate and that imposing the bond hearing requirement “would impact the sound and efficient operation of the government, while providing minimal – if any – benefit” to detained minors, according to court filings.
The 9th Circuit forcefully pushed back on that notion.
Without bond hearings, “these children have no meaningful forum in which to challenge (the government's) decisions,” wrote Judge Stephen Reinhardt, and would be stuck in a “bureaucratic limbo.”
Prior to the Flores settlement, the government could keep non-citizen immigrant minors detained indefinitely, and without much due process because they inhabit a gray legal area where the government acts in a “quasi-parental” role, said Cooper.
“Immigrant kids who are not citizens have been in a legal quagmire,” said Benson. “In the past, (the government) didn't feel like they had to share their thought process or reasoning” for keeping kids detained.
Cooper and Holguín used the circumstances of a 15-year-old boy named “Hector” to convince the court of its argument. The boy was held by authorities for 489 days – much of it at the Yolo facility – without being given a clear reason for their detention or the chance to go before a judge. Hector's mother lived in Los Angeles and attempted to have them released to their custody, but was unsuccessful. Hector described feeling “desperate” while detained in Yolo, a facility they described as a “real prison” where they slept on a concrete bench with a mattress.
After 16 months, Hector was released to their mother without explanation, according to the court filing.
Holguín said the 9th Circuit opinion offers a “fundamental fairness” to kids.
“The bottom line is we don't lock people away without the chance to be heard,” Holguín said.
A Justice Department spokesperson said they are reviewing the court's ruling and considering next steps in the litigation.
Our thanks to Mike for alerting us to this. Utterly predictable, given how feminist-dominated the BBC has become in recent years. Ms Toxic is, of course, a spokesperson for the Women's Equality Party, the winner of two Lying Feminist of the Month awards in the space of three months – their certificates are here and here – and a Danish lesbian, so she's clearly the perfect person for the job. Even if a hundred British male comedians would reliably make a far better job of it.
Viewing figures will inevitably slump, not only because of Toxic, but because we'll surely see ever more female contestants, even though the existing ones are almost invariably weak compared with their male colleagues, and the men have to pretend whatever these ‘comedians' say is hilarious. BBC comedy is fast approaching its final resting place.
Mrs Toxic must be very proud of Mrs Toxic, as must their children.
The full list of Lying Feminists of the Month is here. The winners include Caroline Criado-Perez (thrice), Special Snowflake aka Laura Bates (twice), Kat Banyard…
Share this: Share
Facebook
Twitter
An Iranian female student at Tehran University in 2006. Photo by ATTA KENARE/AFP/Getty Images
News came late last week that Iran, apparently frightened over its female citizens' growing independence, will begin restricting women's access to a wide range of educational opportunities. Although Iran was one of the first nations in the Middle East to permit women to study at universities, the BBC reports that over 30 universities have agreed to ban women from about 80 different degrees such as engineering, business, nuclear physics, and computer science (you know, the ones that can potentially steer women toward power and financial freedom). While the government has not released any official reason for this change, Iranian Nobel Peace Laureate Shirin Ebadi told the BBC that the restrictions have to do with the government's aim to “restrict women's access to education, to stop them being active in society, and to return them to the home.”
So why now? The dean of Iran's Petroleum University of Technology, Gholamreza Rashed, says that the school stopped accepting female students since “the hardship of the work situation”—ie. Western sanctions—and “because the oil industry does not need female students right now.” But many believe the cutback is more due to a conservative backlash against female progress, and growing alarm about the country's declining marriage and birth rates. There's also the hangover from 2009's Green Revolution, to which female protestors were central, as they were in Egypt and other Arab Spring uprisings.
This past August, Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei made a speech imploring Iranians to have more children and return to traditional values. Since then, there have been new accounts of cutbacks in sex education and family planning programs that provide access to contraception. But can Iran really turn back time?
As Hanna Rosin's new book, The End of Men, argues, women have “pulled decisively ahead [of men] by almost every measure,” especially in receiving a higher education. Like in the United States, Iran's universities have more female students than male students. Female Iranians are surpassing their male peers in traditionally male-dominated studies, like science and engineering. The trend is clear. Iran's leaders must think that the only way to prevent the “end of men” in their country is to make it illegal for women to succeed.
Home Daily News Can universities create 'sanctuary campuses'…
Immigration Law
Can universities create 'sanctuary campuses' to protect immigrant students?
Petitions for “sanctuary campuses” are being circulated at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and other schools.
In light of president-elect Donald Trump's campaign promise to increase deportations, some college students and faculty members are calling on their schools to declare themselves “sanctuary campuses” that would limit their cooperation with federal immigration enforcement authorities.
Whether the policies would be meaningful—or jeopardize a school's federal funding—is unclear, immigration lawyers told Inside Higher Ed. The article notes that Trump has frequently spoken about repealing the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, which gives immigrants who came to the United States without documentation as children temporary relief, including the right to work. He's also threatened to revoke funding for sanctuary cities, which the sanctuary campus idea draws on.
There are some things that could be done to establish sanctuary campuses, said María Blanco, the executive director of the University of California Undocumented Legal Services Center. They mentioned denying U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers access to campus without a warrant, unless there was an “exigent circumstance.”
Also, Blanco said, university policy could state that its police force won't enforce immigration law on behalf of federal agents. And school's could deny ICE requests for student information that identifies someone's immigration status.
None of those policies would jeopardize a university's federal funding, according to Blanco.
But they could jeopardize safety, according to Jessica Vaughn. Them organization, the Center for Immigration Studies, advocates limiting immigration.
“If there is someone who is a problem on campus, let's say potentially there's an individual that the FBI and ICE are aware is involved in terrorism, and maybe planning a terror attack, and in the course of their investigation they want to find out what kinds of things the student has access to, or what the class schedule is or something that, in furtherance of an investigation that could save lives, I would hope that university authorities would see this clearly and see the need to not just have a blanket prohibition on giving information to immigration authorities,” Vaughan said.
They added that if a university is obstructing federal law, it should be denied federal funds.
Some question how much legal weight a university sanctuary policy would carry.
“I think it will make campus administrators more hesitant to contact immigration officials, but if immigration officials say, ‘We're looking for a specific student,' I'm not sure that a sanctuary resolution will necessarily bar the campus from cooperating if they have to,” Stephen Yale-Loehr, a professor of immigration law practice at Cornell University Law School, told Inside Higher Ed. “… at the end of the day an immigration official can always get a warrant if necessary.”
More than two dozen petitions for sanctuary campuses are being circulated, including at Yale University, Oberlin College, the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and the University of Wisconsin at Madison, according to the article.
The University of Wisconsin at Madison said in a written statement that the chancellor doesn't have the authority to declare a campus a sanctuary, and must operate the university within the limits of federal and state law, as well as policies established by the school's board of regents.
The statement noted that neither university police nor the Madison Police Department collect immigration or citizenship documentation from individuals when they have interactions.
“We have no plans to change this practice. However, University of Wisconsin Police Department and Madison Police Department officers have full authority from the state Legislature to enforce laws and applicable rules on campus without seeking permission of the university,” the statement read.
Updated Nov. 16 to clarify lede.
India's main stock index, the Sensex, has hit a record high, propelled by an increased inflow of foreign capital.
The index reached 21,293.88 early on Friday, surpassing its previous high of 21,206 set during the stock market boom of 2008, before closing at 21,196.81.
The rise marks a remarkable turn around from two months earlier, when foreign investors were pulling out money from the country amid worries over growth.
However, some analysts doubted whether the current rally was sustainable.
"I am not too pleased with the way fundamentals are shaping up," said Phani Sekhar, a fund manager of portfolio management services at Angel Broking.
They added that the rally was being driven by only a handful of stocks "which are hopelessly expensive despite fundamentals".
"The liquidity rush is making people accumulate stocks. If fundamentals don't improve or liquidity tapers, then this rally won't have many legs," they said.
Rajan rally?
This rally has been fuelled by an avalanche of global liquidity into emerging markets, after the reprieve by the US Fed as far as the US tapering plan goes Ajay Bodke, Prabhudas Lilladher
Investor confidence has also been boosted after the country's new central bank chief, Raghuram Rajan, took charge in September and promised tough action to boost growth.
Mr Rajan has unveiled a series of measures aimed at propping up the currency and liberalising the country's banking sector.
Since then, markets have risen strongly and the rupee has strengthened - after having dipped nearly 28% against the US dollar between May and August.
It has now recouped some of those losses, gaining 10% against the US dollar since the start of September.
The stock index has now risen nearly 19% since hitting this year's lowest level in August, in what many have dubbed as the Rajan rally.
The Fed factor
Earlier this year, Indian stocks markets - like those in many other emerging markets - were also hurt by concerns that the US may scale back a key stimulus programme.
The US Federal Reserve has used the programme, known as quantitative easing, to increase the money supply and improve liquidity in the financial system.
A part of that increased liquidity flowed to emerging economies, especially in Asia, triggering a surge in stock and asset prices over the past few years.
As a result, fears that the Fed's stimulus policies may be tapered off had resulted in high volatility in the markets.
But last month the Fed delayed its decision to wind down the programme.
Analysts say the decision has seen foreign investors put money back into emerging markets such as India.
"This rally has been fuelled by an avalanche of global liquidity into emerging markets, after the reprieve by the US Fed as far as the US tapering plan goes," said Ajay Bodke, head investment strategist with Mumbai-based brokerage Prabhudas Lilladher.
Foreign funds pumped $2.55bn (£1.6bn) into Indian equities in October.
OK, so an interesting point came up on Twitter regarding former Belgian PM Guy Verhofstadt, aka Europe's Mr Brexit Except For The Other One. Isn't one of the problems here that British politicians are socialised into a relatively simple kind of state? Basically unitary, usually with a strong executive government, powerful party whips, and unambiguous election results.
@dsquareddigest @yorksranter @odtorium occurs that until recently U.K. was one of world's simplest advanced states. Unitary, pure executive — Thomas Escritt (@tomescritt) December 11, 2016
It strikes me that the simplicity of British politics was a product, or a project, of the 20th century. You can see it as an effort to abstract away complexity characteristic of the high modernist era. Starting in 1923-ish, with the Liberals being displaced by Labour and the Irish conflict swept under Stormont's thick, luxurious carpets, everything resolves itself into two big political parties, represented pretty much everywhere, competing to form a government. The first-past-the-post system strongly favours single party government, and the way political practice develops also favours a strong prime ministership. Because the same political parties operate everywhere, regional and religious issues get dealt with through intra-party competition.
The big divide is simple: workers vs management. A few well-defined socio-economic variables are predictive. How much do you earn? How do you earn it? How do you educate your kids? How did your dad answer those questions? If the divide is expressed in a hundred subtle ways, like whether your rugby team has wing forwards or not, they are only epiphenomena of the great central drama. And because the core issues are economic, they work in much the same way everywhere. And of course, these facts affect how people practised politics. It was assumed that the other lot could be usually treated as a coherent bloc that you could negotiate with via the whips' office. Access to this channel was controlled at each end by the chief whip, reporting directly to the prime minister or the leader of the opposition, further reinforcing the power of the prime ministership.
If you roll back a few years to the Edwardian era, though, the picture is one of baffling complexity, what Winston Churchill called the liquefaction of British politics. As well as the core divide between Conservatives and Liberals, there's a cross-cutting division between imperialists and free traders, and another one between die-hards and home rulers, and they don't map onto each other. Although that looks like a left-right divide, and some people in the Liberals want to define it as such, in fact both big parties are cross-class. There is a residual division between different kinds of Protestants that results in a special Celtic (but not Irish) version of Liberalism. There's a special political party for Ireland and it's big. There's a rapidly growing Labour caucus, but it's not a unitary political party yet, rather a diverse coalition of trade unionists, middle-class radical ex-Liberals, and revolutionary leftists only linked by the fact they obey the joint Labour whip….some of the time.
The complexity is almost as great as that of, say, Belgium. PMs were less swaggeringly powerful; it was possible to see the prime minister as a cipher surrounded by a team of genuinely important cabinet ministers. The PM wasn't even necessarily in the Commons to take questions, and in any case, the institution of prime minister's questions didn't exist yet. Tellingly, it's a product of the era of simplicity, and perhaps its steady decline into a continuation of football with the involvement of other means marks the resurgence of complexity.
I think it's fair to say that the UK was always a complex polity in theory, but the era of two party mass politics made it simple in practice. We're now, therefore, living through the re-emergence of its complexity. The third-biggest political party is now Scottish, and the most effective opposition to it is Scottish Conservatism, something really nobody would have predicted even two years ago. The Labour Party sometimes seems to be going back to its pre-WW1 roots as a loose coalition of voices for various definitions of socialism, mainly held together by the whips' office. Regional and urban/rural divisions have reasserted themselves with unexpected intensity. Hugo Young, IIRC, said that what wasn't then called the Remain/Leave divide had replaced the Free Trade/Imperialist divide; I wasn't sure what they meant at the time, but it makes more sense to me now. It wasn't necessarily an issue that spoke to any particular social class, but instead a culture-war divide that ran through and seasoned everything else, interacting in complicated ways with all the other divisions.
There's an old joke about two guys camping in the woods, when suddenly they see a hungry bear charging over a hill in their direction. One of the guys starts lacing up their sneakers and their friend says, “What are you doing? You can't outrun a bear.” The other guys say, I don't have to outrun the bear, I just need to outrun you.”
That's reasonably amusing, but it also provides some insight into national competitiveness. In the battle for jobs and investments, nations can change policy to impact their attractiveness, but they also can gain ground or lose ground because of what happens in other nations.
The corporate tax rate in the United States hasn't been changed in decades, for instance, but the United States has fallen further and further behind the rest of the world because other nations have lowered their rates.
Courtesy of a report in the UK-based Telegraph, here's another example of how relative policy changes can impact growth and competitiveness.
The paper looks at changes in the burden of welfare spending over the past 14 years. The story understandably focuses on how the United Kingdom is faring compared to other European nations.
Welfare spending in Britain has increased faster than almost any other country in Europe since 2000, new figures show. The cost of unemployment benefits, housing support and pensions as share of the economy has increased by more than a quarter over the past thirteen years – growing at a faster rate than in most of the developed world. Spending has gone up from 18.6 per cent of GDP to 23.7 per cent of GDP – an increase of 27 per cent, according to figures from the OECD, the club of most developed nations. By contrast, the average increase in welfare spending in the OECD was 16 per cent.
This map from the story shows how welfare spending has changed in various nations, with darker colors indicating a bigger expansion in the welfare state.
American readers, however, may be more interested in this excerpt.
In the developed world, only the United States and the stricken eurozone states of Ireland, Portugal and Spain - which are blighted by high unemployment - have increased spending quicker than Britain.
Yes, you read correctly. The United States expanded the welfare state faster than almost every European nation.
Here's another map, but I've included North America and pulled out the figures for the countries that suffered the biggest increases in welfare spending. As you can see, only Ireland and Portugal were more profligate than the United States.
Needless to say, this is not a good sign for the United States.
But the situation is not hopeless. The asupervisorstioned numbers simply tell us the rate of change in welfare spending. But that doesn't tell us whether countries have big welfare states or small welfare states.
That's why I also pulled out the numbers showing the current burden of welfare spending - measured as a share of economic output - for countries in North America and Western Europe.
This data is more favorable to the United States. As you can see, America still has one of the lowest overall levels of welfare spending among developed nations.
Ireland also is in a decent position, so the real lesson of the data is that the United States and Ireland must have been in relatively strong shape back in 2000, but the trend over the past 14 years has been very bad.
It's also no surprise that France is the most profligate of all developed countries.
Let's close by seeing if any nations have been good performers. The Telegraph does note that Germany has done a good job of restraining spending. The story even gives a version of Mitchell's Golden Rule by noting that good policy happens when spending grows slower than private output.
Over the thirteen years from 2000, Germany has cut welfare spending as a share of GDP by 1.5 per cent… Such reductions are possible by increasing welfare bills at a lower rate than growth in the economy.
But the more important question is whether there are nations that get good scores in both categories. In other words, have they controlled spending since 2000 while also having a comparatively low burden of welfare outlays?
Here are the five nations with the smallest increases in welfare spending since 2000. You can see that Germany had the best relative performance, but you'll notice from the previous table that Germany is not on the list of five nations with the smallest overall welfare burdens. Indeed, German welfare spending consumes 26.2 percent of GDP, so Germany still has a long way to go.
The nation that does show up on both lists for frugality is Switzerland. Spending has grown relatively slowly since 2000 and the Swiss also have the third-lowest overall burdens of welfare spending.
Hmmm…makes you wonder if this is another sign that Switzerland's “debt brake” spending cap is a policy to emulate.
By the way, Canada deserves honorable mention. It has the second-lowest overall burden of welfare spending, and it had the sixth-best performance in controlling spending since 2000. Welfare outlays in our northern neighbor grew by 10 percent since 2000, barely one-fourth as fast as the American increase during the reckless Bush-Obama years.
No wonder Canada is now much higher than the United States in measures of economic freedom.
Kevin Garratt, the Canadian held for two years in China on charges of spying and stealing state secrets, is back home in Vancouver after a judge ordered their deportation.
According to an emailed statement from the Garratt family, a Chinese court in the border city of Dandong handed down its ruling on Tuesday. Two days later, they were deported and "has returned to Canada to be with their family and friends."
Garratt, right, sits with Sean Robertson, an official from the Canadian Embassy in Beijing, aboard a flight from Shenyang, China, to Tokyo, Japan. (Provided by Garratt family)
"The Garratt family thanks everyone for their thoughts and prayers, and also thanks the many individuals who worked to secure Kevin's release," the statement said. "Please respect the family's privacy in this time of transition. We will be releasing more information in the coming weeks."
The family also released photos showing Garratt on their way back to Canada.
A statement issued Friday by China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs said Garratt was allowed to leave after the court released its decision.
While the statement didn't give the verdict, CBC's Sasa Petricic reports that Garratt was found guilty on two counts of espionage, and the judge ordered them deported.
Petricic said Canadian officials were allowed to be at the hearing, which was not the case at earlier court appearances. They then accompanied them to Vancouver via Tokyo.
"Sources in Beijing say a major irritant has now been removed from the relationship between China and Canada," Petricic reported.
Garratt's release came just over a week after Prime Minister Justin Trudeau returned from their first official visit to China.
During a press conference with Trudeau in Bejiing on Aug. 31, Chinese Premier Li Keqiang was asked about Garratt's case. Li responded that they would be treated humanely and their case would be handled in accordance with Chinese law.
It was announced this week that Li will be in Canada next week for an official visit, and is scheduled to meet with Trudeau in Ottawa.
Chinese Premier Li Keqiang, right, was asked about Garratt's case during a press conference with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau in Beijing last month. Li makes an official visit to Canada next week. (Thomas Peter/Reuters)
Trudeau welcomed Garratt's release in a statement Thursday, saying the government had been "seized" by the case "at the highest levels."
"We are delighted that Kevin Garratt has returned safely to Canada and is with their family once more," the release quoted Trudeau as saying. "We remain deeply impressed by the grace and resilience of the Garratt family, especially Kevin and Julia.
"We want to thank consular officials who work behind the scenes every day in support of Canadians abroad."
Accused of spying
Garratt and their wife, Julia, who are from Vancouver and had lived in China since 1984, ran a popular coffee shop in the city of Dandong, near China's sensitive border with North Korea, and carried out Christian aid work in the area. They were detained in August 2014 and accused of stealing Chinese military secrets.
Julia Garratt was released on bail in February 2015 and returned to Canada, but Kevin Garratt remained in detention.
In January of this year, a Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson said authorities there had found evidence that "implicates Garratt in accepting assignments from Canadian espionage agencies to gather intelligence in China."
Their family denied accusations the couple had been involved in espionage, and the government has said there was no evidence to back the Chinese claims.
In fact, Canada's top spy travelled to China four months ago to meet with their Chinese counterpart, Geng Huichang, CBC News has confirmed.
In an unusual move, CSIS Director Michel Coulombe told Chinese officials directly that Garratt did not work for the spy agency.
The Garratts' initial detention followed closely on accusations by the Canadian government that China had spied on Canadian federal agencies, including the National Research Council.
During their China trip, a few days after their meeting with Li, Trudeau was asked how Canada could justify continuing discussions on trade and closer relations while Garratt was being held on charges Canada had said weren't based on evidence. They said Canadian officials had been working "diligently" on Garratt's case and on "other challenging issues."
"Having a strong relationship with China means being able to benefit our country but also being able to stand up and defend our citizens' interests. That's what the Chinese government expects and that's exactly what Canadians expect of our government," Trudeau told reporters in Hanghzou, China.
Former prime minister Stephen Harper also raised the Garratts' case during their visit to China in late 2014.
A 21-year-old man barged into their ex-girlfriend's hospital delivery room, got into a scuffle with their current beau and kicked the pregnant woman while being restrained by guards, according to a Hollywood police report.
The incident happened at about 10:30 p.m. Sunday at Memorial Regional Hospital, authorities say.
Trayevon Braye, of Miami, is now jailed on a $55,000 bond on charges of aggravated battery on a victim the offender should have known was pregnant and assault, jail records show.
During a first-appearance court hearing Monday afternoon, Assistant State Attorney Eric Linder sought the high bond for Braye, citing their previous arrest record and the allegations in this case.
"Judge, this is kind of unusual, it looks like they were instigating a fight while this woman was in the delivery room," Linder said.
According to the report, Braye found their ex-girlfriend on a hospital bed with their current boyfriend who asked her, "Do you want them here?" when Braye came in.
When they said "no," Braye then began to yell obscenities, the report said.
The pregnant woman notified a nurse who requested a security guard come help. Braye briefly left the room, but returned and confronted the woman's boyfriend with a "fighting stance" before they both got into a scuffle, according to the police report.
At that point, three security guards came into the room and tried to restrain Braye, who kicked the pregnant woman in the chest while a security guard tried to hold them down in a "bear hug," the report said.
Braye was then escorted and jailed.
According to Kerting Baldwin, a hospital spokesperson, "patient safety and security are paramount at Memorial Healthcare System and tight security is maintained throughout all of our hospitals and maternity areas."
Off-duty police officers work with security officers to protect patients, visitors and staff, they said. Additionally, there is an additional security check point in all delivery room areas of the hospital, according to Baldwin.
Citing federal health care privacy provisions, they would not comment on whether the woman went on to give birth while at the hospital.
epesantes@tribpub.com or 954-356-4543 or Twitter @epesantes
Radical professors are teaching the next generation of Americans across the U.S. and if you thought they were made up exclusively of the leftist type, you'd be wrong.
Meet Professor Bassem Alhalabi from Florida Atlantic University in Boca Raton, who recently was chosen to be on a panel of ‘experts' regarding Islamophobia hosted by the school's Muslim Student Association.
What sage advice did they have on Sharia law? Well, letting students know that it's OK to chop off thieves' hands. You know, because it's for the greater good, or something.
“Where there is no Sharia, Islamic Sharia, they die in dozens and hundreds every day because of organized crime. People kill people, other people or steal pizza for $10 and so – so when Islamic Sharia is saying about capital punishment – so even though it sounds like it is severe but if that is the solution to prevent any crimes, then it still has a lot of rules and regulations. I will just mention one and stop here, which is let's say, cutting off the hands of a person if they steal. It sounds very severe. It sounds very barbaric, I know. But if it takes one or two people to have their hands cut off, and then there's no more stealing and there's no more stealing in the whole nation – that's a much better resolution than having hundreds of people die every day.”
Salzburg has banned pork in city-run kindergartens in what local officials have defended saying it meets the needs of Muslim children.
The ban was not advertised or announced and has been in place for some time until parents of children attending kindergartens in the city noticed that pork was never present on school menus. An official from the Salzburg mayor's office said the ban on pork was both for health reasons and “among other things, the needs of Muslim children”, Kronen Zeitung reports.
The office of the Social Democratic Party (SPÖ) deputy mayor Anja Hagenaue confirmed the accusations saying that while there was no official order given by the left wing government, the ban had been in place for around five years. Ms. Hagenaue added the children preferred chicken and carrots to pork.
Salzburg is the second regional capital in Austria to ban pork from the school menu, the first being Bregenz in Austria's most western region of Voralburg.
ServusTV, a relatively new television channel funded by the Red Bull energy drink company, questioned the parents of children attending kindergartens in Salzburg. They told the channel they rejected the fact pork was excluded and the channel commissioned a nationwide survey that showed 78 per cent of Austrians thought pork should be included in all kindergartens.
The issue of pork in schools which have growing Muslim student populations has erupted across many European countries in recent years.
In France, the issue made headlines last month when the conservative mayor of the town of Chevigny-Saint-Sauveur, Michel Rotger, argued that mandatory pork lunches would promote secularism and would save the school money on having to offer alternative menus.
German conservatives in Chancellor Angela Merkel's Christian Democratic Union (CDU) party have also called for mandatory pork meals in schools and government cafeterias. CDU parliamentary leader Daniel Günther said last year: “The protection of minorities – including for religious reasons – must not mean that the majority is overruled in their free decision by a false sense of consideration.”
Pork and other pig products like bacon are forbidden to Muslims and have been used by many to protest the building of mosques or as a perceived insult to individual Muslims. In one case in Sweden, a man was arrested for allegedly dangling pieces of bacon in front of two fully veiled Muslim women on a train while calling them various names.
In the UK, police hunted suspects who were believed to have thrown bacon sandwiches at a mosque in Bristol last year and two others were arrested after throwing bacon inside a mosque in London several months later.
BitLocker Drive is an extremely useful security feature which integrates within the operating system, and protects the data from threats of data theft or exposure from lost, stolen, and unattended computers. With the latest Windows 10 version 1511 (November Update), Microsoft updated the BitLocker feature, which now brings support for XTS-AES encryption algorithm. The algorithm provides additional protection against attacks that “rely on manipulating cipher text to cause predictable changes in plain text.”
BitLocker supports both 128-bit and 256-bit XTS-AES keys, but keep in mind that it will not be accessible on older version of Windows. For Windows 10 users, the improved BitLocker also give users the ability to recover their device with Azure directory as well. Here's what's new for Windows 10 users:
Encrypt and recover your device with Azure Active Directory. In addition to using a Microsoft Account, automatic Device Encryption can now encrypt your devices that are joined to an Azure Active Directory domain. When the device is encrypted, the BitLocker recovery key is automatically escrowed to Azure Active Directory. This will make it easier to recover your BitLocker key online.
DMA port protection. You can use the DataProtection/AllowDirectMemoryAccess MDM policy to block DMA ports when the device is starting up. Also, when a device is locked, all unused DMA ports are turned off, but any devices that are already plugged into a DMA port will continue to work. When the device is unlocked, all DMA ports are turned back on.
New Group Policy for configuring pre-boot recovery. You can now configure the pre-boot recovery message and recover URL that is shown on the pre-boot recovery screen. For more info, see the “Configure pre-boot recovery message and URL” section in BitLocker Group Policy settings.
Make sure to activate the feature if you're not already using it, especially if you're an enterprise user to protect your data from threats.
Share This
Further reading: BitLocker
In retrospect, the Canadair CL-84 V/STOL program might have been the first Tilt-Wing concept vehicle to demonstrate considerable success with the technique and generate interest worldwide. The program also generated a great interest from the Canadian military, where the model was given the CX-84 designation. Interesting is the fact that with this program there was a research and development period (1958-1963) of a considerable length before the first prototype was constructed. The R&D would produce a design that would incorporate a number of significant innovations. Included were the following features: A large chord wing which was to be immersed in the propeller slipstream
Huge propellers on a pair of powerplants
All engines, rotors, and the tail rotor which were connected together by intricate shafts and gear boxes
Conventional-style cockpit controls
Privacy prevents me from revealing my name. H Baird , e-mail , 13.06.2015 I had the interesting task of hybridizing the analog flight simulator to incorporate a 16-bit digital computer for the aerodynamics calculations. Navigation and a simple but effective 20 line visual scenes were also digitized. This significantly improved simulation fidelity and became a great confidence builder.
Due to the clever mixing box design, the aircraft was very easy to fly, and was especially easy at 30 degrees wing tilt.
If simulator hours count, I probably have more hours on the aircraft than anyone. James P Patterson , e-mail , 05.05.2015 I watch this doing cold weather & icing tests at Uplands in 1966 while on my weather training course. The rig was also used to test De-icing on helicopters. Jon Alex , e-mail , 09.02.2015 For those comparing this to the Osprey - it was much smaller, with a much lighter payload.
CL-84 SCS (with 3,000 shp T64 engines) cargo weight, 3,300lb VTOL 7,000lbs STOL; 16 passengers
MV-22 Osprey: internal cargo 20,000lb max, 15,000 max VTOL (15,000 lb external slung load); 24 troops
XC-142A cargo weight 4,000lb VTOL, 8,000lb STOL; 32 troops John FRANCIS , e-mail , 22.06.2014 I worked on the CL-84 mainly with the original design of the artifical feel control system but left the company in september 1966 before the design was incorporated . Any comments would be appreciated. Matt Mulcahy , e-mail , 08.05.2013 Does anybody know how much it cost to develop the '84? Any idea do the projected unit price? Don , e-mail , 27.03.2013 There is a Canadair CL-84 "Dynavert" at the Western Canada Aviation Museum in Winnipeg as well. Gerry , e-mail , 24.03.2013 It should be noted that the second CL84 is on display at the WESTERN CANADA AVIATION MUSEUM in Winnipeg. i like trains , e-mail , 10.12.2011 i like trains. soccer , e-mail , 15.06.2011 How does it compare with the Osprey? I would be interested in the XC-142 also. Sean John , e-mail , 14.01.2010 I have a new hobby. I look up the patents for the tilt part and so forth. Its fun. Bruce , e-mail , 24.12.2009 Considering Boeing bought and then sold Canadiar in the 1970s, I think there's no doubt that 1) some of the cl-84 technology went into the Osprey and 2) Bombardier was prohibited, when it bought Canadiar, from VTOL development. The CL-84 was a far better plane than the Osprey with none of the developmental problems (no fatalties). In an interesting aside, 1 proto was lost when the pilots (1 canadian, 1 yank) were trying to set a new world record for climb - without authoirization. The crew ejected. Along with the AVRO Arrow, another example of Canadian Governments forcing the Canadian Aerospace industry to take a trip to the prison showers with the US military-industrial complex. Don DesChamps , e-mail , 01.11.2009 I was working for the Liaison Engineering group when they built this aircraft rights outside our office. Quite a feat putting this thing together. Seemed like there was a lot of "hand" work involved in the assembly. Bill shaver , e-mail , 23.10.2009 Very interesting plane.another canadian first, woder if ardier aero space is looking at re opening this project, generating a new plane project, many potential uses in public secetor all over the world for tis type of aircraft, also expanding on its capabilities. Johnny Bovee , e-mail , 07.11.2008 Hey, amazing aircraft...I think this VTOL maybe a better design than the Osprey the US Marines are currently using. I'm in the Naval Reserves and know the military is seriously looking at purchasing 3-4 amphibious assault vessels from the US. Seeing that we have a 'buy Canada' policy, wonder if there's a possibility this project could be started up again to supply planes for the new vessels? daniielle rae , e-mail , 05.11.2008 good site ! Linda Poirier , e-mail , 25.09.2008 My father, Fernand Poirier was the electrical tech for this aircraft.We were transfered to Maryland U.S. for testing and they were part of the Guam team. Great aircraft!! John Kessler , e-mail , 10.08.2008 Are they still making this aircraft? How does it compare with the Osprey? I would be interested in the XC-142 also. Jon Alex , e-mail , 12.01.2008 Jane's All the World's Aircraft 1974-75 has a complete write-up on the CL-84-1 (the second & third prototypes), as well as the CL-84 SCS, which was the planned ASW/AEW version for the USN's Sea Control Ship program.
More info and drawings are available on this discussion board:
http://forum.keypublishing.co.uk/showthread.php?t=76986 ken mazoch , e-mail , 15.10.2007 i am very interested in this aircraft. it was a design that should have been a great machine. i do have a question,however. i do wargaming with friends and i would like to include this aircraft. in the game, we have to develop and/or purchase our equipment just like in real life. i would like to know,if possible, the development and unit costs of this aircraft. thank you for a very informative article about it. Do you have any comments concerning this aircraft ? Name E-mail
82,478 FIFA Confederations Cup 2017 tickets had been requested by fans from all continents by the time the first sales window closed at 12.00 CET (14.00 Moscow time) on 19 January 2017. Russian fans are on top of the list with 71,266 tickets requested, followed by their Chilean counterparts with 4,949. The tickets purchased by 5 April 2017 will be delivered by courier service free of charge as of April 2017. On top of the tickets requested during the current sales phase, a total of 48,504 had already been sold during the Visa pre-sales phase between 8 and 17 November 2016.
“The sales system in place ensures that fans all around the world have fair and equal access to tickets. The number of ticket requests from Chile confirms the great appeal of the tournament, not only in Russia but also abroad, as some fans are willing to cross the world to see their team play in the FIFA Confederations Cup. We are convinced that the Tournament of Champions will have a thrilling atmosphere in the stands and that the coming sales phases will enable more fans to secure their tickets,” said FIFA's Head of Ticketing, Falk Eller.
All ticket applications received prior to the closure of the first sales window will have the same chance of being successful no matter when they were placed. In the case of any matches and price categories in which demand exceeds the available inventory, random selection draws will take place in the presence of a public notary to fairly allocate tickets to applicants, who will be informed by no later than 28 February via e-mail about whether their request has been successful.
As requested by the Russian authorities, to attend FIFA Confederations Cup matches, all fans need to obtain a personalised Fan ID to enjoy all matches for which they have purchased tickets. Following the random selection draws and once fans have received confirmation that tickets have been successfully allocated to them, they can apply for their Fan ID at www.fan-id.ru. FIFA does not assume any liability or responsibility in respect of the application, issuance and use of such identification documents (Fan ID).
Ticket sales – including category 4 tickets which are reserved exclusively for Russian residents as well as Special Access Tickets for disabled people, people with limited mobility and obese people – will resume on 1 March via www.FIFA.com/tickets in the first-come, first-served sales period, in which ticket purchases will be allocated as a real-time transaction to the ticket applicants.
The FIFA Confederations Cup 2017 will take place in Kazan, Moscow, Sochi and Saint Petersburg from 17 June to 2 July 2017. Group A will feature hosts Russia alongside New Zealand (OFC Nations Cup winners), Portugal (UEFA EURO winners) and Mexico (CONCACAF Gold Cup winners), while Group B will include world champions Germany, Chile (Copa America winners), Australia (AFC Asian Cup winners) and the champions from Africa (to be determined on 5 February 2017).
The opening match will see hosts Russia face New Zealand at the Saint Petersburg Stadium on Saturday, 17 June 2017.
After picking the Seattle Seahawks to beat the Dallas Cowboys last week, I get a little "upset special happy" this week. I also identify Green Bay's key ingredient. But first, let's acknowledge a new star quarterback in our latest Schein Nine.
1) San Francisco's star
The San Francisco 49ers are the best team in football with the best defense in football. That's not up for discussion. Yet somehow, even as the Niners keep winning and dominating, my guy keeps getting lost in the shuffle.
Meet Alex Smith, star quarterback.
Darlington: The best team right now It's still very early in the 2012 season, but one team has presented itself as the NFL's top team, Jeff Darlington writes. It's still very early in the 2012 season, but one team has presented itself as the NFL's top team,writes. More ...
Too strong? Then you haven't been watching. Did you see them make clutch throws, survive poor officiating and endure a busted nose while beating the Detroit Lions in primetime? Did you see Smith establish connections with Michael Crabtree and Vernon Davis and make big plays in the telling win against the Green Bay Packers to start the season? Do you remember how they outplayed Drew Brees and made huge plays down field in the playoff win against the New Orleans Saints?
I don't care about their yards or where they went in your fantasy draft or if he's even on a team in your league. Alex Smith has defeated Brees, Aaron Rodgers and Matthew Stafford in three of their past four games. They were a Kyle Williams fumble away from potentially adding Eli Manning to that list. Smith has gone 216 straight passes without a pick, a franchise record in San Francisco. You might recall that Joe Montana and Steve Young played for the Niners.
(You also might have noticed Peyton Manning, the quarterback San Francisco flirted with this offseason, threw three picks on Monday night.)
Smith persevered through the Mike Singletary insanity and dealt with a new offensive coordinator every season until Jim Harbaugh took over as head coach.  They are the epitome of toughness. That defines their play, especially in crunch time. That defines their leadership style.
Linebacker Patrick Willis is rightly recognized as being the heart of the 49ers. Talking to Willis on Wednesday on my SiriusXM show, they made it crystal clear how much Smith means to the Niners.
"Alex Smith is our guy," Willis said. "We believe in him. They don't go outside the box. They exist to win. If it is best for them to throw for 300 yards, that's what they will do. If the best option is a check down, they will. They don't get caught up in statistics like other quarterbacks. That man has been through a lot. It is a blessing to see this. I truly admire him. Our team admires him. They love a challenge."
Willis then gave my favorite Alex Smith quote ever when they dropped, "He has a silent but deadly swag."
The fact that Smith has swag of any kind is rather remarkable. This is the same quarterback who was publicly humiliated by the overmatched Singletary, slung through the mud and branded as a bust. For the transformation, you credit Harbaugh pumping them with confidence -- and Smith for responding. You credit Harbaugh and offensive coordinator Greg Roman for being smart play callers. Smith finally has stability in their head coach, play caller and offensive system in consecutive years.
You correctly read the NFL.com Power Poll with the Niners sitting on top because of the best defense in the game. You don't worry about San Francisco overlooking the Minnesota Vikings this weekend because they take a "one game at a time" approach and have a championship feel to them. Harbaugh gets their props. So does the run game. The Niners are a potential champion, and Smith is a main reason why.
You call Smith a game manager. I call them a star who makes plays, sets the tempo and leads. The silent but deadly swag can come up and bite you. If you don't believe me, ask some of the quarterbacks with the gaudy stats who have recently lost to Smith. They'd advise you to stop overlooking him, too.
2) Upset Special I
Rapoport: Week 3 game rankings What's the best matchup of Week 3? The worst? Ian Rapoport ranks this week's games in order of intrigue, from 1 to 16. What's the best matchup of Week 3? The worst?ranks this week's games in order of intrigue, from 1 to 16. More ...
I'd say I don't like to toot my own horn, but that's a lie. I'll tell you when I'm wrong. I'll tell you when I'm right. I've been all over this Arizona Cardinals defense for a long time. As I wrote Tuesday, Michael Vick has been playing hot potato with the football. Kevin Kolb has gained a lot of confidence. And they want a piece of Vick, who took their job. Give me the Cards over the Eagles.
3) Upset Special II
Last time I picked against Robert Griffin III, I did so in historically wrong fashion. This time around, it is more about questioning a Washington Redskins defense that has to start playing without Brian Orakpo and Adam Carriker for the rest of the season. Andy Dalton bounced back from the Baltimore disaster. Mike Zimmer exploded on their defense to send a message for this week. Give me the Bengals over the 'Skins in D.C.
4) Upset Special III
The Tennessee Titans are not just winless, they have looked awful in this 0-2 start. Chris Johnson has been horrible. The defense has been worse. It's not hyperbole to call this game against the Detroit Lions a must-win. I think they will play like it. Chris Johnson gets going. Jake Locker and Kendall Wright make big plays in the passing attack.
5) Fits the Bill
Brooks: Third year's a charm After two uneven seasons, Bucky Brooks explains how. After two uneven seasons, Bills RB C.J. Spiller is suddenly leading the league in rushing.explains how. More ...
The Buffalo Bills showed me something about their makeup by bouncing back from the New York Jets drubbing to drop the Kansas City Chiefs. And there was nobody who impressed me more than C.J. Spiller. The Bills collapsed last season when Fred Jackson got hurt. Jackson is injured again, and Spiller vowed they would be ready. Talking to Spiller on SiriusXM, they said they spent the offseason working on improving their craft as a "North-South" runner and in pass protection. The Bills didn't miss Jackson last Sunday and won't against the Browns this week.
6) Commitment to tackling
Talking to Dennis Allen on SirusXM, we wondered what bothered the Oakland Raiders coach the most about the loss in Miami? "It was tackling," they said. I loved the Allen hire. I still do. But the Raiders are an 0-2 mess right now with Pittsburgh coming to town. Yikes.
7) 12th Man magic
I enjoyed catching up with Russell Wilson this week on SiriusXM. The Seahawks quarterback stressed that they aren't fueled by the doubters who said they couldn't start because of their height. Wilson said, "My height doesn't define my skill set." He's super comfortable in the Seahawks' offense, having played in the West Coast offense at N.C. State and in a vertical passing attack at Wisconsin. Wilson played in several fantastic environments in college, but they confessed, "There's nothing like Seattle. It's electrifying in that stadium. So strong. So powerful. It's one of a kind."
Wilson gets it. He's been solid thus far as a rookie. He's going to be entrenched as the Seahawks quarterback for a long time.
8) Green Bay's key ingredient
While I love Wilson, and the Seahawks made me look good for my upset special over Dallas last week, I do like the Packers in Seattle on Monday night. Aaron Rodgers and their offensive cohorts haven't hit their stride yet, but the Green Bay defense made major progress against Chicago with the pass rush and making plays on the back end. As I wrote in training camp, Tramon Williams is the key. The corner was an elite player the season the Packers won the Super Bowl. Last season, injuries derailed their campaign. Their stellar performance on NFL Network last Thursday against Chicago was telling.
9) Survivor pick
Hope you listened to me and picked Cincinnati last week. I can't write about Alex Smith and not take the Niners in Minnesota.
Follow Adam Schein on Twitter @AdamSchein.
“Our job is only to hold up the mirror- to tell and show the public what has happened.” —Walter Cronkite
Those of us who are old enough to remember watching Walter Cronkite's evening news broadcast, know that they and other broadcast journalists of the era presented the news as it was. There was no editorializing. There was no moral judgment. There was no prophetizing. The news was what it was.
"The one exception for Cronkite was on the evening of February 27, 1968, when they spoke about the never-ending Vietnam War, and famously said, "Who won and who lost in the great Tet offensive against the cities? I'm not sure. The Vietcong did not win by a knockout, but neither did we. The referees of history may make it a draw. It seems now more certain than ever that the bloody experience of Vietnam is to end in a stalemate. But it is increasingly clear to this reporter that the only rational way out then will be to negotiate, not as victors, but as honorable people who lived up to their pledge to defend democracy, and did the best they could."
Most evenings Cronkite ended their broadcasts with “And that's the way it is.” That night they ended on a more somber note, “This is Walter Cronkite. Good night.” When President Johnson heard Cronkite's comments, they were quoted as saying, “That's it. If I've lost Cronkite, I've lost middle America.” And a month later they withdrew their name from the 1968 Democratic nomination.
Cronkite had given their opinion: Withdraw from Vietnam diplomatically. They had for the first time stepped out from behind the microphone to add their personal commentary to the news. By doing so, Cronkite issued an implicit license to their journalistic colleagues to interject personal opinions into their factual reporting of the news.
Fast forward to 2016, a time when mainstream media (MSM) has resorted exclusively to partisan and sectarian reporting. Events, which are considered to be a negative reflection upon one special interest, are undisclosed. On the other hand, events, which are considered positive, are woven and polished to shine they most positive light on the favored interest group. Every bit of news output by MSM has been interpolated for public consumption.
A perfect example is the MSM's propaganda that since Hillary Clinton was not indicted for having classified information on their private server, then they did not break the law. That's like saying if mom didn't catch you stealing the cookies from the cookie jar, then you didn't steal them. Another recent example is the MSM cover-up of the 2016 Presidential primary election fraud in which it [MSM] deceitfully claims that the exit polls were not accurate, and therefore there was no election fraud. In fact, scientifically conducted exit polls are very accurate.
In 2012, a Gallup poll found that Americans' distrust in the mass media had hit a new high, with 60% saying they had little or no trust in the mass media to report the news fully, accurately, and fairly. Four years later, that number has skyrocketed to 94 percent. Even reporters are now admitting that the major networks have been corrupted by political and corporate interests. Former CBS reporter Sharyl Attkisson even went so far as to say,
“There is unprecedented, I believe, influence on the media, not just the news, but the images you see everywhere. By well-orchestrated and financed campaign of special interests, political interests and corporations. I think all of that comes into play.”
So WTF happened between Cronkite's day and today? No, it was not because Cronkite reset the bar by giving their opinion on the Vietnam War. They clearly labeled what they said as a personal opinion. What did happen was: The annihilation of the Fairness Doctrine.
The Fairness Doctrine actually grew out of the Radio Act of 1927 in which Congress directed that the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) should only issue broadcast licenses when doing so served the public interest. In 1949, the FCC interpreted this more strictly to mean that licensees should include discussions of matters of public importance in their broadcasts and that they should do so in a fair manner. This meant that for the privilege of being granted a license, the radio (and TV) owner had an obligation to: (a) devote some of their programming to controversial issues of public importance and (b) allow the airing of opposing views on those issues. And, therefore, political programs were required to include opposing opinions on the topic under discussion. It also mandated that any broadcasters who endorsed a particular political candidate provide an opportunity for other candidates to respond. Thus, whenever one side of an issue was presented, the opposing view was always given.
The Fairness Doctrine was a product of the media world of 1949 during which lawmakers were concerned that the three main television networks—NBC, ABC, and CBS—could misuse their broadcast licenses to set a biased public agenda. The whole purpose of the Fairness Doctrine was to level the playing field and ensure that the public had exposure to both sides of an issue.
In 1969's Red Lion Broadcasting Co. v. FCC, journalist Fred Cook sued a Pennsylvania Christian Crusade radio program after a radio host attacked them on air. In a unanimous decision, the Supreme Court upheld Cook's right to an on-air response under the Fairness Doctrine. Thus, SCOTUS provided full endorsement to the provisions of the Act.
The doctrine stayed in effect, and was enforced until FCC chairperson Mark Fowler challenged it during Reagan's second term. In 1987, the FCC panel repealed the Fairness Doctrine altogether with a 4-0 vote. The FCC vote was opposed by members of Congress, who said the FCC had tried to "flout the will of Congress." A bi-partisan fight ensued, but in June 1987, Congress passed a bill that attempted to preempt the FCC decision and codify the Fairness Doctrine. Unfortunately, all that came to an abrupt end when President Reagan vetoed the bill.
The decision to rescind the Fairness Doctrine has been credited with the explosion of conservative talk radio in the late 80s and early 90's. It was also when American society lost accountability for one-sided opinions spread over the airwaves. Now, radio and TV broadcasters are no longer the presenters of fact and unbiased news. But, rather they have become the grandstand preachers of whatever political gospel or special interest line that they intend to sell. The public is no longer treated as intelligent, logical, thinking people, who draw their own conclusions. Instead, we are viewed as idiots, incapable of independent thought, and who are to be indoctrinated with whatever twisted facts and convoluted logic the profiteers feed us.
The repeal of the Fairness Doctrine marked the beginning of the charismatic radio personality, Rush Limbaugh, who had gotten their start in 1984 at a small radio station in Sacramento. Initially, they were just a small-time radio host, a "Willy Loman" going nowhere fast. With Fairness Doctrine gone, and the ability to attack and support various politicians unfettered by the burden of a full and fair reprisal, Limbaugh's career took off like a rocket. Within a year, they moved to NYC to launch their national syndicated program. And, the rest is history.
The repeal of the Fairness Doctrine is yet another neoliberal policy that we, the people, need to reset and take back impartiality. MSM should not be treated as a private enterprise with the unfettered right to sell propaganda that is exclusively in the interest of its owners. Since MSM serves the public, it must be regulated so that it best serves the public's interests. The reinstatement of the Fairness Doctrine must be on the agenda of all Real Progressive candidates/politicians in order for us to take back our Democracy.
Editorial Featured National Issues
Michel Gondry's landmark 2004 movie is streaming on Focus Features' Facebook page tonight for free. There's only one screening, so don't miss it.
Focus Features has been celebrating its 15th anniversary with special theatrical screenings of their most acclaimed titles, but they've also been streaming select titles on Facebook Live for one-night-only events in which movie lovers from all over the world can come together in a virtual theater and watch some movie magic. The last two Fridays saw “The Motorcycle Diaries” and “The Constant Gardener” stream for free online, and tonight it's “Eternal Sunshine and the Spotless Minds'” turn.
Michel Gondry's iconic 2004 science-fiction romance will begin streaming on Focus Features' official Facebook page at 6pm PT/9pm ET tonight. The film will only be streaming once and won't be able for re-watching, making the stream a one-night-only opportunity to watch “Eternal Sunshine” for free online. If you have somehow never seen the movie, then consider this stream mandatory viewing.
Features/Kobal/REX/Shutterstock
“Eternal Sunshine” stars Jim Carrey and Kate Winslet as an estranged couple who erase each other from their memories. The supporting cast includes Kirsten Dunst, Mark Ruffalo, Elijah Wood, and Tom Wilkinson. Winslet was nominated for Best Actress, while screenwriter Charlie Kaufman won the Oscar for Best Original Screenplay.
IndieWire film critic Eric Kohn recently named “Eternal Sunshine” the third best movie of the 21st century. “Michel Gondry and Charlie Kaufman reach the height of their creative abilities in this mesmerizing ode to heartbreak,” they say of the movie, “in which the only catharsis from grief exists in the deepest recesses of the human mind.”
Bookmark the Focus Features Facebook page now and don't miss tonight's free screening.
Features/Kobal/REX/Shutterstock
EDISON, NJ—Wary of paying too much for a new computer loaded with unnecessary bells and whistles, area dad Paul Moyers, 52, announced Friday that they just wants a regular, no-frills PC with only the basics.
Moyers, whose aging Compaq Presario ceased functioning earlier this week despite the fact that they deleted several old files and installed the latest version of Norton AntiVirus, said they don't want anything fancy and just needs a machine that allows them to get online, send e-mails, and use Microsoft Word.
Advertisement
Moyers reiterated several times that that's all they need.
"I don't want someone trying to sell me something with a ton of memory or RAM or anything like that," said Moyers, adding that getting a computer with "all that graphics and sound stuff" would be a waste of money because he'd never use it anyway. "What I need is something that starts right up when you turn it on and goes right to Google when you click on Internet Explorer. Nothing crazy. As long as it's compatible with Comcast, so I can get on the Internet, I'm fine. "
Added Moyers, "I don't need a scanner."
Browsing through a Best Buy insert in USA Today, the husband and father of two said that it's important to have some idea of what you want before you buy "one of these things." They told reporters that if you don't do the necessary research, you'll spend way more money than you planned and walk out of the store with "some super-computer for tech guys."
Advertisement
Moyers, who used the phrase "bare bones" several times in reference to what their new computer should be, said that when they are eventually ready to buy, they plan to tell the salesperson to take them to the simplest PCs they have, ones that will give them full access to their work e-mail and hopefully allow them to open up the photos their sister sent them from their vacation to the Bahamas, and not try to upsell them anything.
"I'm not going to be airbrushing photos, so I don't need To Photoshop and I don't need video cards," Moyers said. "I need a keyboard, a mouse, and something that won't freeze up every 10 minutes. That's it."
"Oh, and it has to work with my iPod," they continued. "There's got to be a plug for that."
Advertisement
Moyers went on to list several programs and features they don't need on their new PC, some of which include the ability to play video games besides solitaire, watch YouTube videos, or download things. Further, Moyers told reporters that their old computer monitor works just fine, and that they would rather just use it than spend another $200 on something they already have.
"This is going to be my machine, not the family computer we keep in the living room," they said. "The last time I let everyone use my computer, it got filled up with all these videos and files and junk, and when I took it to the guy at OfficeMax, they said it was running slow because there was all this unnecessary stuff running all the time. It was taking five minutes for Quicken to open."
In addition to doing their own research, Moyers enlisted the help of their 24-year-old son Keith, who, according to Moyers, knows a lot about computers. The younger Moyers reportedly suggested their father consider an iMac due to its ease of use and straightforward tech support. While Moyers was initially open to the idea, they swiftly ruled out a Mac due to the computer's price and the fact that it didn't come with Windows.
Advertisement
Moyers added that they also didn't like the fact that the mouse only had one click button.
"I talked to my friend Greg who has a Dell and says they like it, so I might look into that," Moyers said. "But I'm not going to buy it if they make you get some expensive warranty. Those things are always a rip-off."
This article is over 5 years old
Man who has been charged with procuring a child for unlawful sexual activity told solicitor: ‘They're in love and it's a strong love'
Father who let their 12-year-old daughter marry believes they did nothing wrong
A father who allegedly let their 12-year-old daughter marry a man 14 years their senior believes they have done nothing wrong, a court has heard.
The father, who was arrested on Wednesday, is the third person to be charged in relation to the widely condemned wedlock.
The 2013 marriage was allegedly between a 12-year-old girl and a 26-year-old man in the NSW Hunter region.
Police say the 26-year-old man became involved in an ongoing sexual relationship with the girl and this week charged them with 25 counts of sexual intercourse with a child between 10 and 14 years of age.
A bail application for the man was on Wednesday adjourned at Sydney's Burwood local court until 24 February.
The girl's 61-year-old father was charged on Wednesday with procuring a child for unlawful sexual activity and being an accessory before the fact to sexual intercourse with a person between 10 and 14 years of age.
The Raymond Terrace local court, where the father unsuccessfully applied for bail, heard the man was of the belief they had done nothing wrong.
Their solicitor told the court the man believed their daughter was a very mature and strong-willed woman.
They thought their partner was about 18 to 19 years old, the court heard.
“He said ‘they're in love and it's a strong love' and at this point he's trying to be supportive of their children,” the solicitor said.
The man is due to face Newcastle local court on 9 April.
Meanwhile, the Islamic cleric who allegedly conducted the marriage has been stood down from their local mosque and had their visa sponsorship revoked.
Pakistani national Riaz Tasawar, 35, has been charged with solemnisation of a marriage by an unauthorised person.
The Islamic Centre of Newcastle, the mosque where Tasawar was the resident imam, on Wednesday said it had severed ties with the man.
“His employment has been dismissed, they are under strict bail conditions, he's not allowed to come to the mosque and they are going to appear in court,” the centre's president Yunus Kara said.
Kara said the mosque and the Islamic community were shocked by the news of the marriage, which they say was done “very secretively” and without the knowledge of the centre's management.
They stressed the issue had been widely condemned by Australia's Muslim community as an “un-Islamic” act.
Kara said they were concerned about the girl at the centre of the alleged marriage.
“What we worry about is the poor girl, a 12-year-old child, has gotten into such an unbearable situation,” Kara said.
The Cougars took on a beatable Power 5 foe in Seattle, and lost. It was a game that many Cougar faithful, myself included, expected the team to win…and to beat the spread. As CougCenter's Jeff Collier put it, the defense never really showed up and the offense took a while to get going. This game provided a lot of thrills, and a lot of “not again“, moments for Coug fans; but by and large the last Seattle Game was like the previous 11 ones…a major disappointment.
Washington State had a four point lead with just over seven minutes to go, and Rutgers punting the ball from inside their own 20-yard line. The Cougar defense managed to get to force a three-and-out, and Rutgers third punt of the game, to get the ball back to the offense. Until normally sure-handed WR River Cracraft muffed the punt during the return, Rutgers recovered the fumbled ball. Rutgers followed up the fumble recovery by marching down the field to score (what turned out to be) the game winning touchdown.
Rutgers didn't burn the remaining seven minutes of the clock during that touchdown drive — the drive was just over three minutes and 49 seconds long — but the Cougar offense was unable to even score a field goal, and the Scarlet Knights left Century Link Field with a win.
The biggest problem that Washington State faced on Thursday, was the fact that the defense couldn't stop a wet paper bag. WSU allowed Rutgers starting QB Gary Nova — aka Gary Tur-Nova — to average 10.4 yards per attempt,while only forcing one turnover…an interception late in the first quarter.
If the Cougar secondary couldn't stop a QB known for making turnovers out of nothing, then the conference schedule is going to be just brutal for this defense.
That being said, while the defense's inability to hamper the Scarlet Knight passing attack was disappointing…it was kind of expected; after all, the secondary is mostly underclassmen with very little to no game experience. What was extremely disappointing was the front seven's in ability to read the cutbacks from Rutgers starting RB Paul James — James finished the night with 29 carries, 173 yards (6.0 yards per carry), and three touchdowns; the front seven is the most experienced group of players on the defense, but they looked like overwhelmed underclassmen throughout the game.
The defense is going to need to improve, and improve quickly if the Cougs are going to have a chance at getting back to a bowl game this season.
The worst part about this loss is that the defense's epic failures have hidden the Cougar offense's nearly flawless execution of the Air Raid. Washington State starting QB Connor Halliday showed that they have a really good grasp of the system as the majority of the plays run were the plays best suited to attack the Rutgers secondary. Halliday made the correct decisions throughout the game, but it was either bad passes or a dropped catch that led to the incompleteions.
Halliday averaged 9.5 yards an attempt, and completed 71.4% of their passes; their line on the night was: 40-56, 532 yards, 5 TDs, 1 INT. The fact that Halliday put up that line, despite being under pressure all night, is an incredible accomplishment that should make Coug fans excited about how they are going to perform this season.
Unfortunately though, any excitement for Halliday's upcoming season is going to be overshadowed about the defenses weaknesses…and how that is going to impact the ability of Cougar football to get back to a bowl game.
[twitter-follow screen_name='sportswithneil'] [twitter-follow screen_name='nvr93′]
State-of-the-art atomic force microscopes (AFMs) are designed to capture pictures of structures as small as a fraction of a nano meter — one million times smaller than the width of a human hair. In recent times, AFMs have produced desktop-worthy close-ups of atom-sized structures, from single strands of DNA to individual hydrogen bonds between molecules.
However scanning these pictures is a meticulous, time-consuming process. AFMs, due to this fact have been used mostly to picture static samples, as they're too sluggish to capture active, changing environments.
Now engineers at Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( MIT ) have designed an atomic force microscope that scans images 2,000 times faster than present commercial models. With this new high-velocity instrument, the team produced photos of chemical processes happening at the nanoscale, at a rate that's near to a real-time video.
In one demonstration of the instrument's capabilities, the researchers scanned a 70- by-70-micron sample of calcite as it was first immersed in de-ionized water and later exposed to sulfuric acid. The group noticed the acid eating away at the calcite, expanding existing nanometer-sized pits within the material that quickly merged and led to a layer-by-layer removal of calcite along the material's crystal pattern, over an interval of several seconds.
Kamal Youcef-Toumi, a mechanical engineering professor at the MIT , says the instrument's sensitivity and speed will allow scientists to look at atomic-sized processes that play out as high-resolution “movies.”
“People can see, for instance, condensation, nucleation, dissolution, or deposition of material, and the way how these occur in real-time — things that people have never seen before,” Youcef-Toumi says. “This is incredible to see these details emerging. And it'll open great opportunities to discover all of this world that's in the nanoscale.”
The group's design and pictures, that are based on the PhD work of Iman Soltani Bozchalooi, now a postdoc in the Department of Mechanical Engineering, are published in the journal Ultramicroscopy. Co-authors include former graduate scholar Andrew Careaga Houck and visiting scholar Jwaher AlGhamdi.
The big picture
Atomic force microscopes usually scan samples utilizing an ultrafine probe, or needle, that skims alongside the surface of a sample, tracing its topography, similarly to how a blind individual reads Braille. Samples sit on a movable platform, or scanner, that moves the sample laterally and vertically beneath the probe. Because AFMs scan extremely small structures, the instruments need to work slowly, line by line, to avoid any sudden movements that might alter the sample or blur the picture. Such conventional microscopes typically scan about 1 to 2 lines per second.
“If the sample is static, it is okay to take 8 to 10 minutes to get an image,” Youcef-Toumi says. “But if it is something that's changing, then think about if you begin scanning from the top very slowly. By the time you get to the bottom, the sample has changed, and so the information in the picture is not right, because it has been stretched over time.”
To speed up the scanning process, scientists have tried constructing smaller, more nimble platforms that scan samples more quickly, albeit over a smaller area. Bozchalooi says that such scanners, whereas speedy, do not enable scientists to zoom out to see a wider view or examine bigger features.
“It's like when you were landing someplace in the USA and don't have any clue where you are landing, and are informed wherever you land, you are only allowed to look a few blocks around and up to a limited height,” Bozchalooi says. “There is no way you will get a bigger image.”
Scanning simultaneously
Bozchalooi came up with a design to allow high-speed scanning over both large and small ranges. The primary innovation centers on a multi-actuated scanner and its control: A sample platform incorporates a smaller, speedier scanner as well as a bigger, slower scanner for every direction, which work collectively as one system to scan a wide 3-D area at high speed.
Other attempts at multi-actuated scanners have been stymied, mostly because of the interactions between scanners: The movement of 1 scanner can have an effect on the precision and movement of the other. Researchers have also discovered that it is difficult to control each scanner individually and get them to work with every other component of a microscope. To scan each new sample, Bozchalooi says a scientist would need to make a number of tunings and adjustments to multiple components within the instrument.
To simplify the use of the multiactuated instrument, Bozchalooi developed control algorithms that take into consideration the effect of one scanner on the other.
“Our controller can move the little scanner in a manner that it does not excite the big scanner, because we know what sort of movement triggers this scanner, and vice versa,” Bozchalooi says. “In the end, they're working in synchrony, so from the perspective of the scientist, this scanner looks like a single, high-speed, large-range scanner that doesn't add any complexity to the operation of the instrument.”
After optimizing other components on the microscope, such as the instrumentation, optics, and data acquisition systems, the group discovered that the instrument was able to scan a sample of calcite forward and backward, with no damage to the probe or sample. The microscope scans a sample faster than 2,000 hertz, or 4,000 lines per second — two thousand times quicker than existing commercial AFMs. This translates to about 8 to 10 frames per second. Bozchalooi says the instrument has no limit on imaging range and for a maximum probe speed, can scan across hundreds of microns, as well as picture features which are several microns high.
“We want to go to real video, which is at least 30 frames per second,” Youcef-Toumi says. “Hopefully we can work on improving the instrument and controls so that we are able to do video-rate imaging whereas maintaining its large range and keeping it user-friendly. That will be something nice to see.”
See the video below, of the microscreleased by the researchers. It has no sound.
This research was supported, in part, by the Heart for Clean Water and Clean Energy at MIT and KFUPM, and by National Instruments.
News in Science
Higgs boson may be a mirage
New physics? Scientists chasing a particle they believe may have played a vital role in the creation of the universe say it might not exist after all.
But they stress that if the so-called Higgs boson turns out to have been a mirage, it will open the way for advances into territory dubbed 'new physics' to try to answer one of the great mysteries of the cosmos.
Scientists from the CERN research centre, whose giant Large Hadron Collider (LHC) has been the focus of the search, said a conference in Mumbai that possible signs of the Higgs noted last month were now seen as less significant.
They went on to make comments that raised the possibility that the mystery particle might not exist.
"Whatever the final verdict on Higgs, we are now living in very exciting times for all involved in the quest for new physics," says CERN researcher Professor Guido Tonelli.
CERN says new results, which updated findings that caused excitement at another scientific gathering in Grenoble last month, "show that the elusive Higgs particle, if it exists, is running out of places to hide."
New physics
The centre's research director Sergio Bertolucci says that if the Higgs did not exist "its absence will point the way to new physics."
Under what is known as the Standard Model of physics, the boson, which was named after British physicist Peter Higgs, is posited as having been the agent that gave mass and energy to matter just after the Big Bang 13.7 billion years ago.
As a result, flying debris from that primeval explosion could come together as stars, planets and galaxies.
In the subterranean LHC, which began operating at the end of March 2010, CERN engineers and physicists have created billions of miniature versions of the Big Bang by smashing particles together at just a fraction under the speed of light.
The results of those collisions are monitored by hundreds of physicists not just at CERN but in linked laboratories around the world which sift through the vast volumes of information generated by the LHC.
Scientists at Fermilab near Chicago have been in a parallel search in their Tevatron collider for nearly 30 years. Last month they said they hoped to establish if the Higgs exists by the end of September, when the Tevatron closes down.
For some scientists, the Higgs remains the simplest explanation of how matter got mass. It remains unclear what could replace it as an explanation. "We know something is missing, we simply don't quite know what this new something might be," writes CERN blogger Pauline Gagnon.
"There are many models out there; we simply need to be nudged in the right direction," adds Gagnon, an experimental physicist.
Here's Palin's response, after Matt Lauer asked them when they knew the election was lost:
“I had great faith that, you know, perhaps when that voter entered that voting booth and closed that curtain that what would kick in for them was, perhaps, a bold step that would have to be taken in casting a vote for us, but having to put a lot of faith in that commitment we tried to articulate that we were the true change agent that would progress this nation.”
I have no idea what they said in that thicket of words.
Most of the writers I know work every day, in obscurity and close to poverty, trying to say one thing well and true. Day in, day out, they labor to find their voice, to learn their trade, to understand nuance and pace. And then, facing a sea of rejections, they hear about something like Barbara Bush's dog getting a book deal.
Writing is hard, even for the best wordsmiths. Ernest Hemingway said the most frightening thing they ever encountered was “a blank sheet of paper.” And Winston Churchill called the act of writing a book “a horrible, exhaustive struggle, like a long bout of painful illness.”
When I heard J.T.P. had a book, I thought of that Chris Farley skit from “Saturday Night Live.” He's a motivational counselor, trying to keep some slacker youths from living in a van down by the river, just like him. One kid tells them they want to write.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“La-di-frickin'-da!” Farley says. “We got ourselves a writer here!”
If Joe really wants to write, they should keep their day job and spend their evenings reading Rick Reilly's sports columns, Peggy Noonan's speeches, or Jess Walter's fiction. They should open Dostoevsky or Norman Maclean — for osmosis, if nothing else. They should study Frank McCourt on teaching or Annie Dillard on writing.
The idea that someone who stumbled into a sound bite can be published, and charge $24.95 for said words, makes so many real writers think the world is unfair.
Our next president is a writer, which may do something to elevate standards in the book industry. The last time a true writer occupied the White House was a hundred years ago, with Teddy Roosevelt, who wrote 13 books before their 40th birthday.
Barack Obama's first book, the memoir of a mixed-race man, is terrific. Outside of a few speeches, they will probably not write anything memorable until he's out of office, but I look forward to that presidential memoir.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
For the others — you friends of celebrities penning cookbooks, you train wrecks just out of rehab, you politicians with an agent but no talent — stop soaking up precious advance money.
I know: publishers say they print garbage so that real literature, which seldom makes any money, can find its way into print. True, to a point. But some of them print garbage so they can buy more garbage.
There was a time when I wanted to be like Sting, the singer, belting out, “Roxanne ...” I guess that's why we have karaoke, for fantasy night. If only there was such a thing for failed plumbers, politicians or celebrities who think they can write.
Hey there, time traveller!
This article was published 27/11/2014 (1552 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
Fifteen Manitoba First Nations have failed to post their financial documents online to comply with a new federal transparency law, risking some of their funding being cut off.
Out of 582 First Nations across Canada, 529 have their documents published online, according to a statement from Aboriginal Affairs and Northern Development Canada. AANDC Minister Bernard Valcourt said in the statement the government would be taking action to force remaining First Nations to comply with the law.
These actions could include “withholding funding for non-essential programs, services and activities,” and “withholding of new or proposal-based non-essential program funding.”
“I have directed that the sanctions not target essential services that support band members,” Valcourt said in the statement.
My Children from adult content & risky interactions
from adult content & risky interactions My Self from scams or temptations
from scams or temptations My Computer from spyware & malware
from spyware & malware My Organization from adventurous users or threats
Protect Your Children! An open Internet is unsafe for children and parenting in this digital age is difficult. We provide tools for parents to control unwanted content and provide a safe Internet for your family. K9 Web Protection is a free Internet filter and parental control software for your home Windows or Mac computer. K9 puts YOU in control of the Internet so you can protect your kids. Learn More Free Download
Protect Yourself! If you feel vulnerable to scams or temptations on the Internet, you are not alone. Thousands of users utilize K9 as a tool to avoid these issues. K9 Web Protection is a free Internet filter and pornography blocker for personal use. K9 puts YOU in control of the Internet so you can protect yourself. Learn More Free Download
Protect Your Computer! Spyware and malware are a continual threat to your computer. Blue Coat's WebPulse technology provides enterprise-grade protection free for your home. K9 Web Protection is a free Internet filtering and malware defense for your home computer. K9 puts YOU in control so you can protect your computer. Learn More Free Download
Barack Obama speechwriter Jon Favreau is part of a board that will advise the organization. | AP Photo Dem operatives unveil new progressive tech incubator
Fearing a tech deficit, a trio of leading Democratic operatives is set to unveil a new organization Monday which will push their party to focus on building political technology that's not just centered on presidential campaigns.
The initiative, named Higher Ground Labs, intends to provide fellowships for up-and-coming progressive political tech entrepreneurs and to invest in young projects that can help benefit down-ballot Democratic candidates as well as presidential ones.
Story Continued Below
The group will be led by former President Barack Obama's 2012 online organizing director Betsy Hoover, private equity executive and former Obama White House special assistant Shomik Dutta, and Obama White House deputy chief technology officer Andrew McLaughlin — a former top official at tech companies such as Google and Tumblr. Higher Ground Labs says it's already brought in its first $1 million in commitments.
While some Republican entities — like the Koch brothers' network — have invested in long-term tech and data projects for a wide range of candidates for years, many Democrats have concluded after Hillary Clinton's loss in 2016 that their party needs to focus more on lower-profile races, as well. Higher Ground Labs has already begun identifying and committing resources to new initiatives, it says.
Breaking News Alerts Get breaking news when it happens — in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
The organization is set to be advised by a large board that includes veteran strategists such as Obama's 2012 national field director Jeremy Bird, Organizing for Action executive director Jon Carson, Clinton's top organizing official Marlon Marshall, Obama speechwriter Jon Favreau, and Obama's 2008 chief technology officer Michael Slaby.
Many Democrats oppose Gov. Bob McDonnell's transportation plan, which would eliminate the state's gasoline tax and raise the sales tax from 5 percent to 5.8 percent to fund road repair and construction.
Senate Minority Leader Richard Saslaw, D-Fairfax, told reporters that McDonnell's plan would lift some of the tax burden for transportation paid by out-of-state motorists buying gas and put it on the back of Virginians purchasing goods.
"There's no reason for us to put the whole burden on Virginia when one-third of the gasoline is purchased by out-of-state people and now we're going to give them a free ride," they said on Jan. 9.
We see lots of cars with other states' plates on Virginia's roads, but do those visitors really account for one-third of the state's gasoline sales?
We asked Saslaw, who once owned service stations in Northern Virginia, to back their claim that out-of-state drivers buy one-third of the gas in the state. They said the Department of Motor Vehicles has estimates showing visitors bought between 26 percent and 35 percent of the gasoline bought in Virginia.
We told Saslaw that the DMV denied ownership of the figure asked them if they could identify an official or a report that was their source. They said they could not, saying they did not recall. "I heard it," they said. "It was either the DMV or VDOT."
But officials at the Virginia Department of Transportation told us VDOT doesn't know what percentage of gas is purchased by out-of-state drivers. When they relayed this to Salaw, they said, "We got it from somewhere. I think I read it in the paper."
We searched the archives of the Richmond Times-Dispatch, The Washington Post and The Virginian-Pilot and found a few references to a similar statistic.
An Emporia City Council member told the governor in August that 40 percent of the fuel bought along I-95 is done so by out-of-state drivers. And fellow Democratic Sen. Ralph Northam said that 35 percent of the fuels tax is paid by out-of-state drivers in an editorial in The Virginian-Pilot in March. But those references do not give any indication of their source.
We also turned to the U.S. Department of Transportation, which collects a federal excise tax. But like Virginia, the federal government also collects the levy from wholesalers and doesn't gather statistics about the end users of gasoline.
Jeff Lenard, spokesperson for the Association for Convenience and Fuel Retailing, said the statistic we were seeking doesn't exist.
We stumbled on a possible source of the mythical figure. Mike O'Connor, president and CEO of the Virginia Petroleum, Convenience and Grocery Association, said they have estimated that visitors purchase 25 to 30 percent of the fuel in Virginia.
O'Connor noted that Virginia's gasoline tax hasn't increased since 1987. Since then, the number of registered cars in Virginia has increased by 63 percent while fuels tax revenues have gone up by 81 percent. The logical explanation for the different trajectories, they said, is that a large portion of the gas is being purchased by visitors to Virginia.
But the amount of fuel used by each vehicle has increased, too. Federal Highway Administration data shows that fuel use per vehicle per year in Virginia increased by 7.8 percent from 1987 to 2010, the most recent year for federal statistics. So the fuel use by vehicles registered in Virginia increased by 77 percent over that time.
O'Connor's estimate is also not too useful because it doesn't separate diesel, whose tax won't change, from gasoline, whose tax would with the governor's proposal. The Federal Highway Administration reports that diesel sales in the state grew 73.6 percent -- from 540.6 million gallons in 1987 to 938.4 million gallons in 2010. Meanwhile, gasoline sales increased 37.5 percent -- from 2.91 billion gallons to 4 billion gallons. So diesel contributed more to the jump in fuels tax revenue than gasoline did.
There's a big difference between how O'Connor and Saslaw make their arguments, however. O'Connor acknowledges up front that their number is an estimate while Saslaw has presented their figure as fact.
Republicans have been trying to debunk Saslaw's claim. The McDonnell administration and House Speaker William Howell, R-Stafford, have been circulating a memo from the Virginia Department of Transportation that suggests the portion of gasoline purchased by out-of-state drivers is only about 9 percent.
VDOT came to the figure by noting that non-Virginians pay about 9.1 percent of the sales tax collected in the Old Dominion, according to the departments of Taxation and Tourism, and that 9.6 percent of drivers convicted of traffic violations are out-of-state visitors, according to state police.
The Transportation Department also tried to construct a mathematical proof. It started with a DMV report that the state, in 2011, had 6.6 million registered passenger vehicles and motorcycles. VDOT multiplied that number by 10,640 -- the average number of miles traveled by passenger vehicles according to the National Household Travel Survey from 2009.
The multiplication led VDOT to conclude that Virginians logged about 70.2 billion miles on state roads. That's short of the 77.1 billion total miles that department had previously estimated. VDOT reasoned that 6.9 million mile gap was filled by out-of-state motorists, who would have accounted for 8.9 percent of all the road travel in Virginia.
VDOT's proof is flawed, however. It assumes that Virginians drive every single mile in their home state. No one knows what percentage of the driving by Virginians occurs inside the state's borders.
If Virginians did one-fourth of their driving out of the state, then under VDOT's construct, visiting motorists would have accounted for one-third of the miles driven in the Old Dominion. That would give credence to Saslaw's claim that non-Virginians pay one-third of the gas tax.
Our ruling
Saslaw, the senate minority leader, said one-third of the gasoline bought in Virginia is purchased by out-of-state motorists. They cited the statistic as a reason they and many other Democrats oppose the governor's plan to raise money for roads by ending the state gas tax and increasing the sales tax. Saslaw said the plan would diminish Virginia's ability to tax out-of-state drivers for using its roads and transfer that burden to Virginians.
Saslaw offered no credible proof to back their statistic. Each time we asked him, they cited a different possible source: the DMV, the Virginia Department of Transportation, maybe a newspaper article.
There's a good reason none of their possible sources pan out: the statistic does not exist. Virginia taxes gasoline sales at the wholesale level, not at the pumps. So there's no data on the percentage of gas purchased in Virginia by out-of-state drivers.
The burden of proof falls on Saslaw and they come up empty. We could find no element of truth in their statement, which we rate False.
Though whispers of an Apple tablet device practically predate Australopithecus, this week they've reached a fever pitch. It's been reported by several news outlets that the supposed iTablet will feature a 10-inch touchscreen, both Wi-Fi and 3G data, and a custom ARM processor. It's already been priced at $800 and even greenlit by none other than Their Majesty Steve Jobs for a September release. Not one iota of this has been officially confirmed, but the prospect of a Mac Tablet seems more within reach than ever before.
This is not a good thing. If an Apple tablet is ever actually released, we should all be very concerned for the future of what most of us take for granted today: our digital freedom.
The Apple tablet will likely sit somewhere in between the iPhone and a Mac laptop. But it won't just blur the line between them—-it will attempt to erase it. This should scare you because it will be the biggest leap yet towards the notion of a completely closed "desktop" operating system.
Much of the iPhone's success is due to the fact that it's the first smartphone in history that feels like using a real computer. But, think for a minute how different it still is from a desktop or notebook. On a Mac computer, you've got a filesystem you can access and monkey around with. You can download any program you wish (from wherever you wish) and install it. You can open up the box and customize the hardware. You can run Windows or Linux on it if you were so inclined. The iPhone, on the other hand, is by design like living under Dad's roof--convenient, but restrictive. Without some serious rule breaking, you're only allowed to do the things Dad says are OK to do. Want to download a cool program? Ask Dad. Want access to the files in that 32GB of storage? Sorry, but Dad says no. Want to do the whole 'Manually Managed Music' thing on more than one computer (like every iPod ever made)? Dad took away that privilege, and as they are wont to do, they won't tell you why: "They are different devices that behave differently," is Apple's response. Thanks.
Now, imagine what life would be like if your laptop or desktop was subject to the same draconian rule. If Apple decided it didn't want you using Flash anymore, it would take it away and there'd be no way short of potentially breaking the law for you to ever get it back. If you wanted to download a useful new program (Google Voice, perhaps?) you'd have no choice but to go through the App Store to get it, hoping with fingers crossed that Apple had allowed it to exist—though, experience would tell you otherwise. If you wanted to move files from your computer to another device or just to another folder, you'd need a paid MobileMe account. And, any freedoms you do have today could just as easily be gone with tomorrow's software update.
Like with most of the iPhone's failings, we can probably thank AT&T for its Orwellian lockdown. So far we've been somewhat forgiving of the restrictions put on the iPhone because, well, that's how cell phones and cell phone providers have always done it. AT&T spends millions maintaining its 3G data network, and to protect it, any devices that access it have to play by AT&T's rules.
There's a very strong indication that the Apple tablet will be sold with a mobile data connection at a subsidized cost, like many netbooks are today. This is where rumors of the device get especially worrisome. Hobbling a phone is one thing, but imagine our closed PC scenario now with AT&T (or Verizon, as many of the rumors indicate) telling you what you can and cannot do with it—-like an overbearing Mom to Apple's despotic Dad. The thought alone makes me shudder.
As oppressive as Apple has been thus far with the iPhone, its crimes pale in comparison to what AT&T has disallowed. Yes, tethering and MMS are the obvious ones that come to mind, but AT&T has also blocked things like 3G video streaming via the Sling Media app and 3G voice calls via the Skype app. What would AT&T square up in its crosshairs if it held sway over your desktop experience? Video chat? Hulu? Fonts it doesn't particularly care for? Yikes.
Apple defends the iPhone's many restrictions by calling the platform a "walled garden." It keeps the OS on lockdown to protect and make things easier for us. It's one of Apple's core design philosophies--simplicity equals usability. And yet, out of the other side of its mouth, it expounds the virus- and problem-repellent virtues of the far-less-restrictive desktop flavor of OS X.
And let's not forget--keeping the iPhone closed and under control protects two of Apple's major money-makers--the iTunes Music and App stores--in a warm blanket of exclusivity. It takes a generous cut for itself while simultaneously locking out any hint of competition.
Will the FCC investigation into Apple's denial of the Google Voice app change any of this? You'd better hope so. Because if Apple had its way, it could gleefully exercise the same level of control over OS X as it wields over the iPhone. The company has already moved the iPhone's frustratingly non-swappable battery up to the MacBook and MacBook Pro lines, so why not its crippled OS as well? The tablet is the missing link. Get people comfortable with using the iPhone OS on something that more resembles a netbook than a cell phone, and it'll be an easy sell to convince them that it's just as well-suited for full-fledged notebooks, too, and eventually even desktops if they still exist by then. We happily accept our iPhones, Xbox 360s, PS3s and Wiis as closed platforms, so is this really that far-fetched to imagine? And once Apple beats us into submission, you can bet Microsoft would follow suit.
But who knows, maybe Apple will surprise everyone and release an Apple Tablet with a fully open OS X variant. At this point, it's all just speculation, so despite evidence of the contrary, it's still a possibility. We'll just have to wait and see.
But regardless, do yourself a favor and take a spin through your OS today. Open your file browser, copy a document and throw something else in the trash. Download a random program off of the Internet and install it. Because, friends, the days of such freedom within an operating system may be numbered (Linux notwithstanding). It could all be coming to a flaming end, and a Mac tablet would be just the beginning.
A woman releases orange balloons for Lucas "Bear" Cervone, a Belmont Cragin boy who battled cancer for years. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Kelly Bauer
NORRIDGE — On the day they had hoped to celebrate their 6th birthday, Lucas "Bear" Cervone's family instead honored their memory by releasing balloons and blowing bubbles at the cemetery where they have been buried.
Cervone was 5 years old when they died on May 1. The Belmont Cragin boy had battled various forms of cancer since they were a toddler. In their last days, thousands of people from across the country rallied around Lucas and their family, sending the Cervones birthday cards, gifts and packages.
Erica Seltzer, who has known the Cervones since Lucas was born, was among the friends and family who brought a bundle of orange balloons to the cemetery for Lucas' funeral on Saturday. Lucas' parents, Anthony and Rina Cervone, has requested people bring balloons and bubbles, two things Lucas had loved.
Lucas "Bear" Cervone died on May 1. View Full Caption Facebook/Lucas Bear Heroes
“We just really feel their pain because we watched Lucas go through all the treatments and everything, and they were just such a brave guy,” Seltzer said, choking back tears. “That's why we're here today, to honor Lucas.
“And today would have been their 6th birthday. And we were just really hoping ... that they would make it.”
Seltzer was accompanied by two women and a child in a bright orange shirt. That had been Lucas' favorite color.
The child blew bubbles, laughing and singing, before letting go of a bundle of balloons all at once. Seltzer and the two women watched them drift off before letting their own balloons go, one by one.
“He is a very special boy,” Seltzer said of Lucas. “The family, their strength has just been unbelievable. It's just been amazing. Everything that they've done for Lucas ... .”
Minutes later, Lucas' family and friends came outside, many crying and carrying bubble wands and balloons. Some wore orange or had shirts with a photo of Lucas and the words, "In loving memory ... ."
Anthony and Rina, Lucas' parents, held each other as they wept. Around them, children blew bubbles.
Someone passed Rina a cluster of balloons. Rina lifted them over their head.
“Te amo, Lucas!” they called, letting go: I love you.
Around her, others joined in, letting their balloons go. "Te amo, Lucas!" they called. "Te amo!"
Related stories:
• Lucas 'Bear' Cervone's Family Has Received Thousands Of Cards
• Lucas 'Bear' Cervone, 5, Dies After Battling Cancer: 'He Is An Inspiration'
• Hundreds Of Cards Sent To Lucas 'Bear,' 5-Year-Old With Incurable Cancer
• Family Of Boy With Incurable Cancer Trying To Gather 500 Birthday Cards
• Robot Could Help Boy, 5, Battling Leukemia 'Go' to School After Transplant
• 'Lucas Bear,' 5-Year-Old With Cancer, To Get Needed Transplant From Germany
• Family of 'Lucas Bear,' 5, Asks Latinos to Donate Bone Marrow
• Life-Saving Bone Marrow Match Needed for 5-Year-Old Battling Leukemia
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
Supporting previous qualitative research, our quantitative results indicated that Bears were more likely to be hairier, heavier, and shorter. They reported wanting partners who were hairier and, due to their own increased weight, heavier. They reported rejecting partners less and the partners they did reject were more likely to be young. Bears reported the enactment of (diverse) sexual behaviors and reported being more masculine. However, in contrast to previous qualitative research, Bears actually had lower self-esteem and were no less (or more) hypermasculine than non-Bears. Our results describe a subculture of men who were different than mainstream gay men in their personal looks, partner preferences, behaviors, and psychologies. Considering the likely prevalence of a Bear identity may be held (with varying tenacities) by about 14–22 % of gay men, these results provide additional evidence for the manifest and latent heterogeneity of gay and bisexual men.
The results regarding body traits and partner selection confirm, for the first time in a systematic manner, findings documented in previous interview and ethnographic studies. However, the sexual behavioral and psychological differences between Bears and those not identifying as such were novel and, to some degree, confound what members of the culture have verbally expressed in the literature. Bears reported enacting more sexual behaviors, many of which are relatively esoteric and physiologically extreme (Grov et al., 2010; Nichols, 2006; Sandnabba, Santtila, & Nordling, 1999). These behaviors may be associated with, or an expression of, both the higher degrees of masculinity and lower degrees of self-esteem reported by such men in our studies. For example, behaviors such as insertive/receptive fisting, insertive urination, general domination, insertive asphyxiation, and insertive sexual assault may be behavioral representations of increased masculinity (Nordling, Sandnabba, Santtila, & Alison, 2006). To be able to take a fist or urinate on another man may be how the men exemplify their form of masculinity—particularly in a sexual climate where most gay men do not want to, cannot, or will not enact these behaviors. That is, not only do Bears look like “natural” males, seek partners who look like “natural” males, but also engage in behaviors that only “natural” males could tolerate or perform. Alternatively, these behaviors may stem from the lower self-esteem reported by Bears. To be urinated on or to submit to another man (i.e., engage in general submission) may be a response to perceived lower self-liking (Santtila, Sandnabba, Alison, & Nordling, 2002). Regardless of the potential explanation, Bears appear to be more sexually diverse and explorative than mainstream gay and bisexual men.
The results documented lower self-esteem, which contradicted both our hypothesis and others' interview research (e.g., Manley et al., 2007). It may be that even if the culture has developed as an affront or reaction to normative idealized male beauty (as suggested by the socially creative strategies within social identity theory), cultural indoctrination does not rectify or improve internalized negative self-perceptions. Bear identity adoption may be more of a maintenance therapy for coping with those indelible physical trait deficiencies rather than a panacea. This conclusion even may be true for hardcore Bears, as neither community importance nor event attendance moderated self-esteem. The fact remains that Bears still exist in a mainstream gay male world. Though they may escape this by engaging in diverse sexual acts with partners that reflect their own body traits and by adopting a masculine identity, self-disliking is still present. The higher ostensible self-esteem described by the interview and ethnographic research may have been a front used to remain cognitively consonant with adhering to a minority subcultural identity. Simply, to the Bear culture and in reaction to mainstream gay men, Bears may self-present as feeling good; however, internally, they may wish that they had those normative idealized beauty traits. Such tendencies and psychologies have been found in other cultures and among heterosexuals of diverse backgrounds (Johnson, 2001).
Finally, our results also documented null differences in hypermasculinity, which contrasted the research that prompted our last hypothesis (see Hennen, 2005; Wright, 1997). Contrary to that Bear research, they were no more or less likely to be callous towards partners, engage in dangerous behaviors, or place themselves in precarious situations. Sexual partners were not valued (or devalued) any more consistently than by mainstream gay men. In this respect, Bears may overestimate and overstate care towards partners to self-present as being distinct from men adhering to the mainstream gay culture (which are often stereotyped as treating partners as disposable) (Isay, 2009).
A portrait emerges from these Bear results that supports a theory for why the gay community ultimately is so heterogeneous (and thus produces the high degree of spinoff subcultures): Cultures facilitate successful same-sex encounters. Bears have sexual desires that need fulfilling. Yet, from a body traits perspective, they may be below average on what is traditionally attractive to other gay and bisexual men. The partners they can attract may be limited; and in response to this limitation, they may want partners who will not reject them. This is a point supported by the men's weight mediating their want of heavier partners, and is a condition that may produce the low self-esteem exhibited. As Bears are not vastly different towards their sexual partners than mainstream gay men, the culture developed to ensure that even the heaviest, hairiest, and/or shortest individual could partner.
Limitations Our studies were not without their limitations. First, the measures of identity, physical traits, and rejection criteria were single items, which are simplistic, despite their wide use in previous research and/or their having been validated using variable convergence. We missed measuring some other key variables that would have further elucidated the culture and should have expanded the time metric for these variables (i.e., longer than “the previous 30 days”). For example, non-sexual Bear behaviors would have been interesting to assess and apply to the findings. Interest in the Bear culture by non-Bear identifying gay men might have shown the degree of crossover and integration of communities. Conversely, the degree to which Bears exclusively partner with other Bears would have further supported our partners' attributes findings. As for the psychological measures, the utility of the hypermasculine inventory (Mosher & Sirkin, 1984) at measuring hypermasculinity in men who tend towards same-sex attractions may be questionable. After all, its reliability and validity initially were assessed only for heterosexual men. Whether the items are applicable to gay men, bisexuals, or men questioning their sexuality remains unknown. With respect to methods, the comparability of samples may be somewhat uncertain, as one was collected through internet surveying and the other, through paper survey. They did share demographic similarities and the prevalence of the Bear identity was nearly identical between the two; however, there may be other unmeasured factors that limit the generalizability (e.g., relationship status distributions, general and sexual health, or BMI/hairiness). Also, the surveys were conducted relatively close in time to one another (within a few months). Though the likelihood of participants being surveyed by both studies remains extremely low, repeat data may be a limitation that should be considered. Statistical limitations existed as well. We achieved only small effect sizes for some of the results. This was allowed due to the large sample sizes (531 and 1,536). One minor issue involved the logistic multiple regressions producing less than optimal confidence intervals; and, regarding the Chi square tests, statistical differences in distributions were found but the actual number of people engaging in a few of these behaviors or rejecting partners on specific criteria was small (e.g., insertive sexual assault; “was too young”). We are confident that these limitations did not overshadow our solid overall findings.
There's a quiet moment in Suffragette, between the protests and hunger strikes, when Violet (Anne-Marie Duff), one of the most radical, committed activists, leaves the movement. She's pregnant again. When they tell Maud (Carey Mulligan), whom they had brought into the group, Maud doesn't ask Violet to stay. They simply give them a hug. Movies about men's political struggles are almost always focused on the sacrifices men make for their cause, but in this brief moment of female solidarity, we get a rare glimpse of the reverse: For women, sometimes the movement can't be everything, no matter how much they believe in it.
Focus Features
Sleeping With Other People: “Be a little rude to the clitoris.”
Directed by Leslye Headland
This sweet, sexually explicit rom-com is a classic will-they-won't-they story cloaked in a quirky premise. Lainey (Alison Brie) and Jake (Jason Sudeikis) run into each other at a support group for sex addicts years after losing their virginity together in a one-night stand. Despite an obvious attraction, they vow to remain just friends, with a safe word for whenever the sexual tension gets to be too much. They stick to it, and guide each other through life's many travails: sex addiction, kids' birthday parties, an emotionally abusive relationship, and—in one hilarious scene—the basics of pleasuring oneself. After Lainey confesses to not having had an orgasm for a year, Jake gives Lainey a lesson in masturbation using a glass jar that once held green tea. (The keys, in case you were wondering, are to “tap the roof” and “mind the gap.”) “The trick is to be a little rude to the clitoris,” Jake says, “you know, like you're scratching a record.” It's a hilarious scene, but it's also refreshingly frank and open about female anatomy and sexuality.
IFC Films
The Diary of a Teenage Girl: What you're going through is normal.
Directed by Marielle Heller
There's nothing extraordinary about Minnie Goetze, a 15-year-old girl living in drug-happy, sexually liberated 1970s San Francisco with their single mom. Like most girls their age, she's curious about sex and yearns desperately to be loved. But The Diary of a Teenage Girl, which chronicles their sexual awakening, feels extraordinary in its honesty. “This is for all the girls when they have grown,” Minnie says, and the movie takes that pledge to heart. It's a frank, sometimes brutal depiction of one girl's sexual desires, no judgment attached. After losing their virginity to their mom's boyfriend, Minnie lays in the bath dreaming about him, and when she's out of the water, they stare at their naked body in the mirror. “Sometimes I look in the mirror and I can't believe what I see,” they say. “I just realized I've had breasts for three full years now.” These are thoughts all girls have had, but maybe not said aloud—and certainly never heard in a movie.
Can you figure out what's going on here? If you are an experienced bonsai enthusiast, you may get it at a glance, especially if you've seen Bonsai Today issue 8 (long out of print). If what's going on is not so evident, take a look at the drawing below and see if that helps.
This technique for developing mind bending nebari (surface roots) is so simple that pretty much anyone can do it. The species used here is Japanese maple (Acer palmatum), though the technique will not doubt work on other deciduous cuttings. All you need to try it is: a cutting (or cuttings), a piece of tile, and a drill (see below) with a 1/4″ (.6cm) bit. If you want to develop a single trunk bonsai, drill one hole. For a double trunk tree, drill two holes and so on. The photo above shows a triple trunk tree that was developed from five cuttings (two were left on to thicken the nebari and bases of the other trunks, and then removed).
If what's going on is still not clear don't worry; sometime next week I'll post some more graphics and a few more words that should help. Meanwhile, you've got some food for thought.
By the way, even though Bonsai Today 108 is out of print, more than half of the original 108 issues are still in print, with a range of interesting and valuable techniques for your enjoyment.
Watch "The CMT Disaster Relief Concert," co-hosted by HLN's Robin Meade, to help raise money for victims recently devastated by storms, tornadoes and flooding in the Southeast. "Music Builds" airs Sunday night at 9 ET on HLN.
For more information, visit CNN affiliate WGNO
(CNN) -- The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers could open the Morganza Spillway as early as Saturday, Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal said Friday.
The Mississippi River Commission has directed the Corps to operate the crucial spillway once river flows reach a certain trigger: 1.5 million cubic feet per second. Projections indicate the tipping point could be hit as early as Saturday evening, Jindal has said.
Opening the spillway would lower anticipated cresting levels along the lower Mississippi River and divert water from Baton Rouge and New Orleans but would flood much of low-lying south-central Louisiana. Seven parishes are expected to be affected by the opening, according to the Corps.
The Mississippi River Commission has advised a "slow opening," and the flood would spread gradually over several days, the Corps said.
The Morganza Spillway has not been opened since 1973.
Louisiana state and local officials braced for the possibility of major flooding in the Atchafalaya River Basin if, or when, federal authorities open the spillway north of Baton Rouge. They advised residents to expect road closings.
Residents gawk at Mississippi's rise
The National Guard worked around the clock to construct a flood barrier in Morgan City, Louisiana, where the Atchafalaya River was already 3.15 feet above flood stage, according to the National Weather Service.
The strategy in Morgan City, officials say, is to reinforce the levees around the city. That's where efforts were being focused Friday, rather than on handing out sandbags to individual residents.
"Really, we're just waiting," said Evie Bertaut, who has lived in Morgan City for 50 years.
Officials believe that the levees will protect the city from flooding, but some are taking preliminary precautions, they said. At Sacred Heart Church, where Bertaut works, people spent the day moving important documents such a baptismal, marriage and financial records to the second floor.
"Most people are getting their photographs together, things that you can't replace in case you have to go," they said.
A collective gasp as Louisiana town braces for flood
Meanwhile, in the Arkansas town of Helena, the river crested at 56.5 feet -- 12.5 feet above flood stage, according to the National Weather Service.
The river's slow pace has given emergency responders more time to prepare, forecasters said. But while the slow-moving water gives residents extra time to get ready, it also means that land could remain underwater for some time.
Jindal urged southeastern Louisiana residents to evacuate.
"Now is the time to take action," they said.
The U.S. Coast Guard said floodwaters could close the Mississippi River to ships at the New Orleans port as early as Monday morning.
To help New Orleans, the Army Corps of Engineers said Friday that it will open 52 more bays at the Bonnet Carre Spillway just north of the city, diverting water into Lake Pontchartrain. That will mean a total of 264 bays will be open in the 350-bay spillway.
Stars talk about the flooding and response
The National Weather Service said that as of Friday morning, the river was at 16.8 feet in New Orleans, just a fraction below flood stage. It is expected to crest May 23 at more than 19 feet. The New Orleans levees are built to withstand 20 feet, according to the weather service.
Upriver in Vicksburg, Mississippi, Police Chief Walter Armstrong said 600 residents had been evacuated as of Thursday night. The river was expected to crest at 57.5 feet. Flood stage at Vicksburg, the level at which the river may begin flowing over its banks, is 43 feet.
Armstrong said they expected higher water Friday, with more homes affected. More than two dozen roads were closed and about 45 businesses will be closed by Friday.
Homes that were built between the levee and the Mississippi River were the first affected.
"We estimate that every home built on the riverside of the levee from Memphis all the way to the Louisiana line is flooded," said Mike Womack, executive director of the Mississippi Emergency Management Agency.
Residents near Vicksburg counted on a levee for protection. In addition to the mainline levee along the river, starting near Vicksburg and extending northeast for more than 20 miles, a so-called backwater levee offers shelter.
The backwater levee is designed to keep water from backing into the Yazoo River delta and is designed lower than the mainline levee so that water can flow over it. That level is expected to be reached Monday, said Charlie Tindall, attorney for the Board of Mississippi Levee Commissioners.
The backwater levee was being "armored" by a heavy plastic coating to prevent it from washing out, they said.
Nonetheless, 1.4 million acres in Mississippi, including 602,000 acres where crops are growing, could flood, said Rickey Grey of the state's Department of Agriculture.
Across the South and lower Midwest, floodwaters have covered about 3 million acres of farmland, eroding for many farmers what could have been a profitable year for corn, wheat, rice and cotton, officials said.
In Arkansas, the Farm Bureau estimated that damage to the state's agriculture could top more than $500 million as more than 1 million acres of cropland are underwater.
Womack talks about flood costs
"It's in about 10 feet of water," Dyersburg, Tennessee, farmer Jimmy Moody said of their 440 acres of winter wheat, which was to be harvested in the coming month.
Other farmers in Mississippi, Missouri, Tennessee and Arkansas rushed to salvage what wheat they could ahead of the rising water. As for corn, farmers who were able to get into the fields during a soggy planting season in late March and April are seeing their crops in some cases under several feet of water.
Some officials said Thursday that spillover effects resulting from the flood could threaten other industries. That includes the possibility that the Waterford 3 nuclear power plant in Taft, Louisiana, could be closed, according to CNN affiliate WGNO.
The Mississippi River is expected to crest at 26.6 feet in Taft on May 23. If it reaches 27 feet, officials told WGNO, the plant's water intake system could shut down.
NBA's Grizzlies inspired by fans in flooded Memphis
Carl Rhode of Entergy, the plant's operator, told WGNO that the threat to the intake system is not a matter of nuclear safety.
However, Scott Welchel, a St. Charles Parish Emergency Operations Center official, said shutting down the plant would have a "domino effect" on local industries.
"It would impact every industry along the river," Welchel said. "That's just something that isn't easy for people to deal with, especially on a moment's notice."
For residents in communities along the river, the damage has been far more devastating than can be measured in dollars and cents.
Danny Moore of Millington, Tennessee, told CNN affiliate WPTY that the recent disaster marked the second time in one year that flooding took away nearly everything they had.
Moore said that after a flood destroyed all of their furniture last year, they decided to move everything they owned into rented storage space. However, those belongings were destroyed when their storage unit was flooded several days ago.
"They say bad luck comes in threes. I hope this is the end of it," Moore told WPTY.
The Millington resident said they lost a house to a fire in 2009. Moore said they are too preoccupied with taking care of their girlfriend, who is suffering from an infection that is damaging their liver, to look for new furniture.
"We'll do what we've got to do and keep praying," Moore said, holding back tears.
CNN's Mariano Castillo, Mia Aquino and Erica Henry contributed to this report.
(Wired) -- On its tenth anniversary in 2008, Google promised $10 million to the best five ideas for using technology to improve the world, through Project 10x100 -- a neat play on words (10 to the 100th power expresses the number "googol," which is a one followed by one hundred zeroes).
Google's intentions were good, of course -- $10 million spent the right way could have a real impact on these problems, which range from building better banking tools to a real-time, user-reported news service.
However, the company's follow-through leaves much to be desired. Google announced this cash prize contest in September 2008 and closed public voting on 16 finalists chosen from over 150,000 ideas in October 2009. Over eight months later, the company has yet to announce the winners.
Meanwhile, e-mails sent to Project 10 to the 100th's Gmail account are bouncing, indicating that Google has deleted the address. And the company's press department has yet to respond to our inquiries about the project.
"We'll announce the winning big ideas in the near future," reads a notice on the project's website, which lists "©2009 Google" at the bottom. According to Daniel Meyerowitz, who says their idea for mapping ongoing genocides and providing early warning of new ones is a finalist in the competition, Google has not said a peep about this competition in nine months -- despite having apologized for delays as early as March 2009.
"While genocide and other pressing problems relentlessly advance, it would seem that Project 10^100 does not," Meyerowitz told Wired.com. "Years behind schedule. Nine months since announcing their most recent delay. How hard can it be to give away ten million bucks? Harder than Google can handle, apparently."
Google, which reported revenue of $6.77 billion for the first quarter of this year, could practically consider $10 million to be a rounding error, so money isn't the problem. And the company already did the hard work of combining the overt 150,000 submitted ideas, many of which were duplicates or complementary, into 16 "theme" ideas, on which the public has already voted.
Assuming the project is still ongoing, Google will select an organization already involved with the issue to receive a share of the cash with the goal of solving the problem. So all that remains for the company to do at this point is to announce the five winning ideas and the organizations that will receive the money to implement them.
"An inspirational effort which began in the best Google tradition seems to be mired in the worst Google lapses," said Meyerowitz, who brought this situation to our attention. "When can we expect the final projects to be funded? Or how about just a blog update?"
Google's not talking -- not yet, anyway. But apparently, it's the process of choosing the right organizations to address these issues that threatens to turn Google's 10th birthday celebration into a 12th birthday surprise.
Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT! Click here!
Copyright 2011 Wired.com.
The addition of cosmetic-only Weapon Cards has allowed us to begin reworking a number of our existing systems. In this news post we'll be detailing some of the changes you can expect to see early next year.
Giving each Default Loadout Card three Augments from the start
Removing all future Lead/Iron Loadout Card drops and providing slightly more Fragments instead
As for changes to the new Weapon Card system we're looking to implement:
Recycling of unwanted Weapon Cards
Polishing of Weapon Card “Finish” levels
Trade Up of Weapon Card rarity
Changes to Loadout Cards
Default Loadout Cards
The main driver behind this change is wanting to make sure that players are always on a more level playing field, even from their very first match.
Up until this point, players have needed to get Bronze Loadout Cards to have access to the full compliment of three Augments, with this update even the Default Loadout Cards will come with three Augments.
This will give new users a slightly better chance in their first matches, and ensuring that all players are on an even footing, regardless of playtime or money spent.
Prime Loadout Cases
With this update, we will also be removing all Expert Cases ($2.49 for Bronze Loadout Cards and above) and Elite Cases ($4.99 for Silver Loadout Cards and above) from the store permanently. Any cases you have purchased up to this point will not be affected.
In their place, we're happy to announce that we will be introducing a Prime Loadout Case for each Merc, which contain a Gold or Cobalt Loadout Card for that specific Merc. These will cost $5.99.
This means that, unlike before, if you're spending your hard-earned cash on a single Loadout Case, you're guaranteed to get a Loadout Card for the Merc you want!
Prime Loadout Case
Cost – $5.99 Chances Gold 85% Cobalt 15%
These cases can be purchased individually, however Bundles of x5 and x10 Prime Loadout Cases will include all Mercs for a large discount.
Removing Lead and Iron Loadout Cards
This change has been discussed for a long time behind closed doors. However, the recent addition of Weapon Cards is finally allowing us to make this change. There are a few bits of information to explain regarding this change though:
If you have Lead and Iron Loadout Cards in your inventory you will not lose them. This change means they will no longer drop and no longer be available in the store. You'll still be able to recycle these for Fragments and still be able to equip them in-game should you wish.
New In-Game Drops
Instead of dropping Equipment Cases every few games, we will be dropping Fragment Cases which include bundles of Fragments.
Additionally, we will also be dropping new ‘Loadout Cases' occasionally post-match. These will include a random Bronze, Silver or Gold Loadout Card for any Merc with the following changes:
Loadout Case Chances Bronze 75% Silver 20% Gold 5%
This does mean that Cobalt Loadout Cards will no longer drop in-game, however they can still be crafted for the specific Merc you want and the crafting costs will remain the same.
Buying Cases With Credits
Equipment Cases will be replaced in the store with the new Loadout Case, giving you a random Bronze, Silver or Gold Loadout Card for any Merc.
These will cost 5,000 Credits each; a significant saving over the 8-9 Equipment Cases you would have to buy, on average, before you got a Bronze Loadout Card.
Daily/Weekly Rewards
The cases you receive as part of the Daily and Weekly Reward track will also no longer contain Iron or Lead Loadout Cards. Instead these cases will now drop either 20 Fragments (5 more than a Lead Loadout Card) or 50 Fragments (5 more than an Iron Loadout Card).
Existing Mk 1, Mk II and Mk III Cases in your inventories will not be updated. This change will only apply to cases going forward, and will mean more Fragments for everyone without the hassle of manual recycling.
Arsenal Crate Update
We are also updating the contents of Arsenal Crates, since many of the items include content that provides Lead and Iron Loadout Cards.
Existing Arsenal Crates in your inventory will not be affected, but all Crates you receive going forward when levelling up will be updated.
Weapon Card Changes
With regards to our longer term plans we wanted to take a moment to explain how we're going to be evolving the Weapon Cards system starting early next year.
As we've mentioned this includes introducing Recycling, Polishing and Trade Up mechanics, so the rest of this post talks through what these are. We will explain these systems in even more detail closer to the time of release.
Recycling
As with the Loadout Card system, we're going to be introducing a system that allows players to Recycle their .
Rather than giving generic Fragments however, these will be Weapon Fragments which will be specific to that Rarity of Loadout Card (Recycling a Gold Loadout for Gold Fragments) and higher Finishes will provide more Weapon Fragments, bringing back a tier to tier progression system.
Polishing Weapon Cards
Once you have these Fragments, you're going to need to have something to do with them. The main use of these Fragments will be Polishing up other Weapon Cards of the same Rarity.
That is, using a few of Weapon Fragments (and some Credits) to upgrade the Finish level of a Weapon Card from something like Scarred all the way up to Pristine.
This will give players the means to improve the Weapon Cards they really like, using other Weapon Cards that they don't value as highly, or Weapon Cases they don't have a Key for.
Another thing you'll be able to do with these Weapon Fragments is to a new Weapon Card of the Rarity above.
That is, using a bunch of Bronze Weapon Fragments (and some Credits or Crafting Kits) to Trade Up to a random Silver Weapon Card.
We'll also allow players to Trade In their Weapon Fragments for a Weapon Card of the same Rarity for a smaller cost, if they really want a Weapon Card in that Rarity.
We haven't included any specific numbers here, as these things are still being tweaked as part of the overall economy, but we wanted to share the idea behind the system earlier than usual given the release of Weapon Cards.
These are the first of many big changes that are coming to Dirty Bomb. The inclusion of a cosmetic-only option means we can reexamine some of the fundamental systems that have existed in Dirty Bomb for a number of years.
We hope you like the changes! Let us know what you think on Reddit, our Forums or on Twitter or Facebook.
SALT LAKE CITY -- A man charged with recovering money lost in a securities fraud scheme is now asking the LDS Church to return tithing that was paid by the man accused of running the scheme.
Lon A. Jenkins, the court-appointed receiver for Robert Casey Hall and all of the companies they established, filed a lawsuit in federal court Wednesday asking that The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints return more than $160,000 that Hall paid in tithing.
In the lawsuit, Jenkins said their appointment allows them to take control of all of the assets of Hall's company, RCH2, including taking court action to recover those assets.
They state that between April 2006 and April 2007, RCH2 advertised itself as a business consulting company that specialized in "helping clients generate cash flow." In the lawsuit, Jenkins claims it was actually a Ponzi scheme that guaranteed returns of 10 to 15 percent to investors who were told their money was going to "low-risk" ventures such as real-estate.
Jenkins states the company raked in more than $27 million and Hall paid tithing on the money six separate times.
Jenkins is now suing for damages totaling at least as much as the $160,306 they know was paid to the LDS Church, stating that "the above-identified transfers to the church were made to the detriment of other creditors seeking repayment of their investments in RCH2."
The church was previously sued for tithing money paid in a similar case involving Val E. Southwick, who perpetrated what is regarded as one of Utah's largest financial fraud schemes. In that case, the church returned an undisclosed amount of money in an out-of-court settlement.
Both in reference to the prior case and Jenkin's suit, church spokesperson Scott Trotter told media outlets that "the (LDS) Church has a long-standing policy of not profiting from alleged ill-gotten gains."
E-mail: emorgan@desnews.com
×
Related Links
LEWISTON — A woman who worked briefly as the executive assistant to the president of Bates College has filed a discrimination lawsuit against the school, alleging they were expected to play tennis, jog and watch “chick flicks” with their boss.
Sarah Hulbert, of Auburn, wrote in their complaint in Androscoggin County Superior Court that they were intentionally treated differently from their male co-workers, which they said was a violation of the Maine Human Rights Act.
The Sun Journal reports that the 59-year-old Hulbert worked for Bates President A. Clayton Spencer for a little longer than a month in the summer of 2012.
Hulbert is seeking damages, back pay and other costs.
A Bates spokesperson said in a statement that “The college strongly disagrees with the allegations” and will defend itself in court.
Share
Phoenix v1.1.2 and React.js
Brandon Richey Blocked Unblock Follow Jan 12, 2016
Kind of like chocolate and peanut butter!
Introduction
Previously, installing and using React.js on a Phoenix application required ripping out brunch and replacing it with something like Webpack to get everything working, but the process has been improved significantly with the introduction of Phoenix v1.1.2 which includes a new version of Brunch that works with npm. We'll walk through creating a new project using Phoenix v1.1.2 and getting a basic React component working and rendering on our main page.
Current Versions
Phoenix: v1.1.4
React: v0.14.6
ReactDOM: v0.14.6
NPM: 3.6.0 (Very important, this process will not work with NPM 2.x; you need to use 3.x)
NodeJS: v5.6.0
Brunch: v2.1.x, v2.2.x, v2.3.2+(v2.3.0 breaks with error messages about NODE_ENV being undefined, so make sure you're using one of the versions I listed!), v2.4.x
Creating Our Project
We'll start by creating our Phoenix project before we do anything else. This will require us having Phoenix v1.1.2+ installed via local hex before anything else.
$ mix local.hex
$ mix archive.install https://github.com/phoenixframework/archives/raw/master/phoenix_new.ez
If you've installed Phoenix before, it will ask you if you want to override any existing packages. Just say yes here. Next, we'll create a new Phoenix application:
$ mix phoenix.new reactpx
Go ahead and answer yes to fetching/installing dependencies. We'll be needing them this time! Now, move into that directory and we'll move on to installing our NPM dependencies.
$ cd reactpx
Installing Our NPM Dependencies and Configuration
We'll start off incredibly simple and just install react, react-dom, and we'll also need a babel preset for JSX templates via React:
$ npm install --save react react-dom babel-preset-react
After this is complete, we'll need to modify our brunch-config.js file in the root directory of our Phoenix application to support the new modules we installed. First, look for the section regarding “plugins”, and then the sub-object for “babel”. Here we're going to add an array of presets that we want babel to use:
plugins: {
babel: {
presets: ["es2015", "react"],
// Do not use ES6 compiler in vendor code
ignore: [/web\/static\/vendor/]
}
},
We also need to whitelist the installed npm modules under the npm configuration section so that brunch knows we're going to use “react” and “react-dom”:
npm: {
enabled: true,
// Whitelist the npm deps to be pulled in as front-end assets.
// All other deps in package.json will be excluded from the bundle.
whitelist: ["phoenix", "phoenix_html", "react", "react-dom"]
}
Save this file, and run brunch's build command just so that we're sure everything is golden (technically, the first time you start up the Phoenix server this will happen anyways, but if you already started your server up this won't happen unless you modify something, which we'll do later):
$ brunch build
Important Note About NPM Versions
This tutorial assumes you are using NPM 3.x. If you're using NPM 2.x you're going to hit issues attempting to build everything together, as has been suggested by a few people. For more information, please reference https://github.com/phoenixframework/phoenix/issues/1410#issuecomment-166001866. Special thanks to Matt Widmann and Fabio Akita for pointing this out!
Writing An Example Component
Now let's set up our Phoenix app so that we can add a small Hello World react component on our page. Open up web/templates/page/index.html.eex and replace the contents of the whole file with:
<div id="hello-world"></div>
Finally, you'll want to add the following snippet of code to the bottom of your web/static/js/app.js file:
import React from "react"
import ReactDOM from "react-dom"
class HelloWorld extends React.Component {
render() {
return (<h1>Hello World!</h1>)
}
}
ReactDOM.render(
<HelloWorld/>,
document.getElementById("hello-world")
)
It Works!
Start up the server if you haven't already:
$ iex -S mix phoenix.server
And on the main page, you should see something like the following:
Our React.js component loaded into our main app (also showcasing the React Chrome extension)
Congratulations! You now have a working React.js component inside of a Phoenix application with no requirement of swapping out Brunch for Webpack or any other extra work! Enjoy! If you want to just check out the repo for this as a starting point, you can find it at: https://github.com/Diamond/reactpx
According to the New Hampshire exit polls, a full 66% of Republican voters back a “ban on Muslims from entering the U.S.” This obviously is good news for Donald Trump, who proposed a temporary ban on foreign Muslims entering the country until our government is in a better position to avoid another Sacramento terror attack. The female jihadist who committed that terror attack was here on a fiancée visa.
By all accounts, Trump made this proposal based only on their instincts, not any kind of focus group polling. Every other candidate in the Republican primary disagreed with the proposal, many outright condemned it as bigotry.
—
Two thirds of NH voters back Muslim ban. pic.twitter.com/XmqDrBsnGF
— John Nolte (@NolteNC) February 9, 2016
—
Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC
January 2, 2013
2013-01-13T20:00:30-05:00
https://images.c-span.org/Files/fa9/20130113200123001_hd.jpg
Jason Brennan talked about their book, Libertarianism: What Everyone Needs to Know. They suggested that their goal for the book was to make libertarianism seem reasonable to people who were not inclined to know much about it. They described the book as a primer in the political philosophy described as libertarianism. In their book, Professor Brennan reviews well-know libertarians such as Ayn Rand and Milton Friedman, as well as Adam Smith and John Locke. They broadly define three categories of libertarian thinkers as classical liberals, hard libertarians, and neo-classical liberals. They name examples of each category and talks about their views on many different economic and social issues. Professor Brennan reacted to video clips of Nick Gillespie, David Boaz, and Milton Friedman. They explained that the book was the latest in a series of “What Everyone Needs to Know” books published by Oxford University Press. In addition, they talked about their life and how they became interested libertarianism.
Jason Brennan talked about their book, Libertarianism: What Everyone Needs to Know. They suggested that their goal for the book was to make libertarianism… read more
Presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump took a big step toward rallying GOP conservatives around their candidacy with their list of potential Supreme Court picks, Breitbart News Legal Editor Ken Klukowski told Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon on Breitbart News Daily on Sirius XM Patriot 125.
The Supreme Court became a front-burner issue in the 2016 election with the untimely passing of Justice Antonin Scalia, a legendary hero to constitutional conservatives and a towering intellect on the nation's highest court.
Trump released their much-anticipated list of potential picks to succeed Justice Scalia, naming eleven individuals as their starting point to fill Scalia's seat, and Bannon went through Klukowski's written analysis of Trump's list.
Responding favorably to the names put forward by Trump, Klukowski began, “This list includes some incredible conservatives, from Diane Sykes on the federal Seventh Circuit, to Tom Lee on the Utah Supreme Court, to David Straus on the Minnesota Supreme Court, to Don Willet on the Texas Supreme Court.”
The list included three former law clerks of Justice Clarence Thomas, the most conservative justice currently serving on the Supreme Court.
Trump later told the public that they were going to add names to the list, which led some optimistic conservative legal experts to hope that they would add names such as Senator Ted Cruz, Senator Mike Lee, or former U.S. Solicitor General Paul Clement.
This later statement from Trump also led some of their conservative critics to speculate that the presumptive Republican nominee would be adding names that conservatives would oppose, or that if elected to the White House they would ignore their own list, noting that their statement releasing the list said the list was a “guide” to picking a justice, and that they later added they would pick either from that list or other people very similar to those on the list.
But Klukowski regarded Trump's list as a very positive development that would help unify the Republican Party behind the business person, telling Bannon:
Hello from the Nerd side of the fence!
I was recently reading about some of the standard things IT guys go through and it has inspired me to write a message from your IT guy. Yes, s/he really is thinking these things. I promise.
Please don't lie to me. It's pathetic. Apparently I'm smart enough to fix every computer problem the entire staff can come up with, but I'm too dumb to realize that your monitor / computer / phone / tablet did not throw itself at high velocities onto the floor.
While your excuses for how "SquirrelLove.XXX" ended up in your browsing history shortly before a massive virus outbreak are endlessly entertaining (and shared amongst the other techs in a game of "Who Has The Most Pathetic Lie"), there are also pathetic.
Man up. You did it. You got caught. I'm going to help you out either way. Perhaps you could also use this embarrassment as a time to pause for personal reflection on some areas of personal improvement. Such as not taking your frustration out on expensive electronic devices.
No. Your company doesn't trust you. For good reason. I know that you're pure as the wind-driven snow, but there are some inescapable facts that persist about those other employees. Such as the fact that, without any filtering active, porn is *always* the #1 use of bandwidth on a companies network. And that "small accessories" (laptop chargers, cables, any parts of wireless keyboards/mice, etc.) seem to disappear on a regular basis.
I know that these are all small items, but the way your company sees it, if you're going to steal / "extendo-borrow" / outfit your home with low-cost IT equipment, what are the chances that you are *not* going to steal anything that isn't bolted down? Er...I mean those other employees. Not you.
It's really not your computer. Yes, I know that it is moving slowly again. I'm sure that it isn't the 20MB cool moving picture file you've chosen as a background that the computer has to constantly redraw. Or the audio / video streaming you've gotten hidden in the background. Or the 5 chat applications you're running.
It's really not your computer. I know that your e-mail / Word / application-vital-to-your-productivity-that-you-blamed-to-explain-to-your-boss-having-done-nothing started working when I walked up, but it never works any other time.
Let's make a deal. I won't tell your boss what you're really doing if you figure out some new stories that don't involve IT to explain what's not happening. I hear sickness is a popular one.
It's really not your computer. I know the company wants it attached to you at all times just in case they decide that some report is vital at midnight. I get that your boss has flashes of brilliance that require you to create a new spreadsheet / chart / presentation within 18 1/2 minutes and so you've learned to always have your laptop within reach. I get it - I promise.
However, it really isn't your computer. No, you can't load / view / configure it any way you want to. Putting giant camo skull stickers on it doesn't make it any more yours. Yes, most any IT guy can see everything on it and no amount of yelling will fix that (although it might make some guys want to look even more).
And since I will admit that there are unscrupulous IT guys with too much time on their hands in some companies, yes I really would put a piece of tape over the built-in camera.
Yes, we think those password requirements are ridiculous, too. I know the requirement to have no word recognizable in any language as part of your password is perhaps a little overkill. Yes, I agree that a minimum password length of 32 characters might be going overboard. And I recognize (and try to explain to the IT security guys) that the more complex the password is, the more likely it is going to be written on a Post-It on the bottom of the keyboard.
On the other hand, there are limits as to what we All-Powerful Nerds can do. Complaining piteously to me every time you have to change your password won't change policies or fix your problem. No, you shouldn't tell me what your password is because I don't care and will forget it in 30 seconds. I don't need your password to gain access to your computer.
Lastly, while we're on passwords, please pick something non-embarrassing. StudMuffin01 is going to be pretty embarrassing to tell me if I need to log in as you. And you can bet I'm going to ask you to speak up and say it louder, even though I heard you say, "ImAPrettyPrincess!" loud and clear.
And yes, I can pick a password for you that both of us will remember for a long time to come, but you probably don't want me to, DrBrainFog#1.
We spend a lot of time looking at our TVs, and since the announcement of an App Store for Apple TV, we've pretty much wanted just one thing: our Letterboxd watchlist up large on the biggest screen in the house, right when we need it. Well guess what?
Today we are thrilled to release version 1.0 of our app for Apple TV, available today in the App Store on your device (requires tvOS 10). Interacting via a TV represents a very different experience from both the desktop web and handheld form factors, so we've focused on the areas that make the most sense on a big screen.
With this first release of the app, you can:
See popular films for this week (plus dive in for monthly, yearly and all-time)
Browse films using filters for decade, genre and service, and ‘fade watched'
Sign in to mark films as watched/liked, rate or and add them to your watchlist (long-press a poster to show controls, same as for iPhone)
See film details, including our beautiful posters and backdrops, the trailer, ratings summary, popular reviews, cast/crew lists and an iTunes link (if available)
Read and like reviews (no comments for now)
See and filter individual cast and crew pages, with bios and filmographies
Search for films or cast/crew members
Our aim with Apple TV is to bring a focused subset of Letterboxd's features to your living room. We wanted it so badly we've delivered it before Android (sorry—but read on for good news on that score)! We were able to reuse plenty of code from our iPhone app, which has meant a very quick development timetable, and we'll be looking to add more of your great content in future versions, including all your amazing lists.
With Letterboxd for Apple TV, you can filter films just as you can on the web and in our iPhone app: all members can filter by what's on iTunes and Amazon and the preferred store(s) on your profile are respected. Pro members can also filter by a number of popular US services, including Netflix and Hulu. (At present we can only link directly to titles in iTunes, but this should change as the ecosystem matures.)
We'll update our App(s) page in due course, and we welcome your feedback and suggestions, as always.
Android
Good news on the Android front: app development is well underway! We'll have more news regarding a release schedule in the next couple of months. Having the iPhone app in the wild means we can see exactly how our members are using it, and we've prioritized our development goals for this version accordingly.
Rushes
Over the past fortnight we've rolled out our email digest facility to all members. “Rushes” is a personalized summary of what's happening in your Letterboxd network, delivered to your email inbox once a week. Sort of like all your film friends showing up one night to tell you what you simply can't miss. If you'd prefer not to receive it, that's cool: there's an unsubscribe link in every issue, or you can disable it in your Notifications Settings—we've separated it from our news and “Call Sheet” option, in case you prefer to only receive occasional news from us.
Comedian, Writer, Actor, Director
Jon Stewart is one of America's top social and comedic figures. As the former host of Comedy Central's “The Daily Show with Jon Stewart,” Stewart has interviewed such political luminaries as President Barack Obama, former Presidents Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton, Hillary Clinton, John McCain and John Edwards, and celebrities Tom Cruise, Tom Hanks and George Clooney. As The New York Times best-selling author of both “EARTH (THE BOOK): A Visitor's Guide to the Human Race” and “AMERICA (THE BOOK): A Citizen's Guide to Democracy Inaction”, Stewart was also the co-creator and Executive Producer of the Emmy-award winning “The Colbert Report.” Stewart and “The Daily Show with Jon Stewart” have received 44 Emmy Award nominations and won 18. In 2001 and 2005, the show received the Peabody Award for its campaign coverage of “Indecision 2000” and “Indecision 2004.” In addition to gracing the cover of Newsweek, Rolling Stone, and GQ, Stewart was Entertainment Weekly's “Entertainer of the Year” and Variety's “New York Entertainer of the Year” in 2004. They were named to Time Magazine's inaugural Time 100 list of the world's most influential people.
Sustainable Condoms Arrive in Portland
Sustainable condoms are coming to Portland - and will soon be found at a Fred Meyer or Green Zebra near you. Seventh Generation founder Jeffrey Hollender, is bringing the first sustainable, Fair Trade Certified brand of condoms to the Pacific Northwest.
Hollender teamed up with their 26 year-old daughter, Meika Hollender to create Sustain, the first Fair Trade Certified brand of condoms, free of Chemicals of Concern.
Sustain condoms are made from natural latex, and are electronically tested, vegan certified, and sustainably produced, with the packaging made from recycled, post-consumer content.
The rubber is grown and manufactured at a plant that has been owned and operated by one family for three generations, and meets the Forest Stewardship Council (SFC) guidelines. Child labor is banned, and the workers are paid a living wage, three times the minimum wage in India.
Jeffrey Hollender and Meika Hollender will be launching Sustain Condoms exclusively in the Pacific Northwest. Jeffrey Hollender said, “We could not be more excited to launch in the Pacific Northwest, the national leader in sustainability.We're incredibly proud to take on the issues of sustainability with regard to sexual health and condom usage, and want people here to know that there's a more natural alternative when it comes to practicing safe sex.”
The condoms are available in Lubricated Ultra Thin, Comfort Fit, and Tailored Fit, and can be found at Fred Meyer, Green Zebra, PCC, and Amazon.
“We support Sustain Condoms because of our shared values—we both believe in healthcare for all; birth control without stigma, corporate interference or harmful chemicals and being a model for how a business can have a positive impact in every area it touches,” said Lisa Sedlar, Founder & CEO of Green Zebra Grocery in Portland.
The two have also created 10%4Women, in which 10% of the profits go to organizations that support women's reproductive health care and family planning services to low income women in the U.S.
Homepage Photo Credit: iStock
Enjoy this post? Share it with others.
urko sanchez designs a car-free village for children in djibouti
urko sanchez designs a car-free village for children in djibouti
all images by javier callejas
located in the horn of africa, djibouti is a country that suffers from persistent droughts and continuous water scarcity. within this context, urko sanchez architects was asked by SOS kinderdorf to complete a children's village comprising 15 individual houses. the complex responds to the region's extreme weather conditions as well as local community traditions.
SOS children village in tadjourah, djibouti
video courtesy of urko sanchez
the design team sought to understand housing in similar cultural and climatic environments, before basing their plan on three key principles. firstly, it was essential that the development formed a safe environment for children, with no cars permitted inside. consequently, this allows the scheme's narrow streets and squares to become constant places of recreation. secondly, it was decided that there should be plenty of open space, with public and private areas clearly defined. finally, the team wanted to integrate natural vegetation, with inhabitants encouraged to take care of their own plants and trees.
the children's village comprises 15 individual homes
all houses follow the same layout, but are arranged in different ways — placed close to each other in order to offer shade. natural ventilation was also taken into consideration, with chimneys positioned to discharge heat where needed. the project was possible thanks to an international team, with local builders helping in the village's construction.
the development forms a safe environment for children
no cars are permitted inside the compound
all houses follow the same layout, but are arranged in different ways
natural ventilation and sun shading were taken into consideration
the scheme's narrow streets and squares become constant places of recreation
public and private areas are clearly defined
the design team sought to integrate natural vegetation
inhabitants are encouraged to take care of their own plants and trees
chimneys are positioned to discharge heat where needed
local builders helped in the village's construction
the project was funded by the german cooperation aid
3D model
floor plan / level 0
floor plan / level +1
elevation
elevation
elevation
section
chimney section
project info:
name: SOS children's village in djibouti
location: tadjourah, djibouti
year: 2011-2014
client: SOS the children, international
architect: urko sanchez architects
photography: javier callejas
full team:
dji fu – chinese contractor based in djibouti
john andrews – ugandan architect based in djibouti
fritz bachlechner – austrian project manager based in kenya
estrella de andrés – spanish architect based in kenya
oliver kabure – kenyan engineer based in kenya
Republican Donald Trump will likely win the third presidential debate on Wednesday evening at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas.
The question is whether their victory will matter enough to shift the polls, after so much damage has been done by recent accusations of sexual impropriety, which were delivered in carefully coordinated media attacks in the aftermath of the first debate on Sep. 26.
Trump will likely benefit from an “October surprise” of their own — namely, the release of videos by James O'Keefe's Project Veritas that show high-level Democratic political consultants taking credit for inciting violence at Trump rallies over the past year. Already, the revelations have forced senior consultant Robert Creamer — with close ties to the Hillary Clinton campaign and the White House — to step down, along with one of their lieutenants. More resignations may be coming, given evidence the campaign may have illegally coordinated with super PACs to carry out various political operations.
Two other factors favor Trump. One is the continued presence of low expectations for Trump, which persist in spite of the fact that they out-boxed their rival at the second debate. The second is the fact that the moderator is Fox News' Chris Wallace, who can be tough on Republicans at times, but is likely to be less intrusive and one-sided than any of the other moderators have been thus far.
The question is whether it will matter. Third debates, in general, provide opportunities for closing arguments — not fourth-quarter theatrics.
In 2012, Republican Mitt Romney miscalculated badly in the third debate, thinking they were sitting on a lead in the polls. They strained to point out commonalities between themselves and President Barack Obama, rather than articulating differences. Trump will not make the same mistake, but might have preferred to showcase a calm demeanor in their final pitch to the electorate. Instead, they will have to throw uppercuts, hoping for a knockout, while Clinton dodges and deflects.
High risk, high reward: a fitting end to campaign 2016.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. Their new book, See No Evil: 19 Hard Truths the Left Can't Handle, is available from Regnery through Amazon. Follow them on Twitter at @joelpollak.
An often irreverent look at this week's other news...
Yes, a second device is coming at May 20 Surface launch
Various reports are claiming that Microsoft will launch a second, Intel-based Surface device at its Surface mini launch event on May 20. So I can now confirm those reports: Microsoft will indeed launch a bigger, Intel-based Surface Pro device at the event. I'm not 100 percent sure what form it will take—I'd like to see an Ultrabook-like model, but given the makeup of current Surface devices it will almost certainly be a tablet—but it will indeed use a high-end Haswell chip and not a low-end Atom-based chip. I speculated a bit about what I'd like to see, and what I expect to see, in "Surface Family Grows: Mini, Sure, But How About Maxi Too?."
Spin off the Xbox business? "Absolutely."
Or not. In a widely published comment, Bill Gate is alleged to have said during a Fox interview that they would "absolutely" support the spinning off of Microsoft's Xbox business, leading some to believe that Gates wants to be done with the money-losing product line. But that's not what they really said, not if you're paying attention to the context. Gates was asked whether they would support CEO Satya Nadella if Mr. Nadella chose to spin-off Xbox, and that was when Gates said, "absolutely." So they were really just saying that they would support Nadella, not that they wanted Xbox gone. And it came after a discussion in which Gates was asked whether Nadella was "truly free" to run Microsoft as they saw fit. To which Gates replied—wait for it—"absolutely."
About what about Bing?
The asupervisorstioned Xbox comments came in response to a question from a University of Chicago Booth School of Business student who wondered whether Microsoft shouldn't split into a number of smaller companies, and more specifically by spinning off Bing and Xbox. This is a salient question, because both businesses have been money losers—excuse me, "investments"—to the tune of tens of billions of dollars each over the past decade.
Although Gates said both were long-term investments for Microsoft, they actually made a much more cogent argument for keeping Bing, noting that Bing has been "key" to Microsoft learning how to build large-scale data centers and in keeping Microsoft as a whole up to date with what's happening on the Internet.
"I see that as a fundamental technology," they said of Bing, "even for the Office business, which is a very core business [for Microsoft]." They noted that Microsoft has done spinoffs in the past, including Expedia and Slate, and that Microsoft is thinking about pieces of the company that might be "separable." But they don't think it makes sense to break off Bing.
And then there's Surface
And, really, this one is weird. Noting that many analysts had left Surface "for dead," Fox host Liz Clarman said that Microsoft had recently surprised everyone with some "very hot numbers," which I have to say, I don't recall in the slightest. (In last week's Short Takes, for example, I noted that Surface was very much still a "money pit," and that Microsoft continues to lose money on every device sold.)
"You're spending a lot, you're selling a lot, and the revenues aren't quite there," Claman said, coming back somewhat to reality. When will Surface be profitable? Gates mentioned the write-off Microsoft took last year on Surface RT, and that the "high-end version" (i.e. Surface Pro) has better margins and is gaining share. "You're never going to have the kind of profitability in the hardware business that you have in the software business," they said. "Analysts are going to have to watch that much more carefully than they did when we were just a software licensing company." For some reason, that response was acceptable to Ms. Claman, though it in no way answered their actual question. With Surface (and soon with Nokia's phone business), we ultimately come back to the same "investment" conversation that we still have about Xbox and used to have about Zune: How long does Microsoft accept losses in order to build share?
Sometimes the firm sticks it out (Xbox) and sometimes (Zune) it does not. So there's no real way to know how long this can last.
"Bill Gates Would 'Absolutely' Support Xbox Spin-Off"
They didn't say that. See above.
Nokia Lumia camera guru heads to Apple
Every time I write about how much better the cameras are in modern Nokia Lumia handsets like the Lumia 1020, 1520 and Icon, I hear from disgruntled iPhone fans who aren't used to being told that their favorite device isn't the best at something. Well, take heart, iSheep: Apple has just hired Ari Partinen, the senior engineer who served as Lumia Photography Lead at Nokia.
That firm debuted its PureView camera technology in the Nokia 808 PureView, but more recent devices—like the Lumia 1020, 1520 and Icon noted above—have pushed it out to the mainstream. I use a Lumia instead of a camera now and with 41 or 20 megapixel sensors, depending on the model, these devices have, by far, the best cameras out there. I'm very curious to see what Partinen can do to possibly put Apple over the top again, but let's face it, Apple will never allow a camera bump on an iPhone, so their impact could be minimal.
So much for "Titanfall"
Titanfall, the game that was supposed to save Xbox One and give the console at least a month or two atop the sales charts, did not. And now we find out that not only Titanfall hasn't turned things around for Xbox One, but it's also not even the best-selling game on that platform.
Instead, Call of Duty: Ghosts is the best-selling Xbox One title, as it is on PlayStation 4. I would just point out that this rendition of COD is the first in at least three years in which Activision hasn't announced sales figures—the previous two were both billed, at the time, as the biggest entertainment launches in history—which I find telling.
Activision now has three studios (up from two) working on new COD titles, so it can maintain its torrid once-a-year pace, and the next entry, "Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare," does look impressive and will, for the first time in years, utilize a modern new game engine.
Apple rumored to be buying Beats for $3.2 billion
Former Apple CEO Steve Jobs wasn't a big fan of spending big on corporate acquisitions or streaming music services, so this latest rumor—which is a pretty sure bet—would surely rankle their biggest fans if they weren't so good at rewriting history to fit the storyline. Apple is rumored to be spending $3.2 billion for Beats, a company that basically makes two things: Expensive, bass-heavy headphones that are popular with the younger set, and a subscription music service called Beats Music.
It's not clear Apple needs the former, though even those asupervisorstioned Apple fans would agree that Apple's bundled ear buds are crap. (And the margins on these headphones are positively Apple-esque.) But it absolutely needs the latter: Though the firm has insisted for years that music fans want to own music, the reality is that subscription music services were always going to blow that system out of the water, and now that they're really taking off, Apple is falling behind. The firm launched the lackluster iTunes Radio last year, but no one is listening. And so I'm curious to see how it integrates Beats Music into what I hope will be a single iTunes app on various platforms. Of course, Beats also runs on Android and even (gasp!) Windows Phone, so this should be interesting.
And you were worried about NSA backdoors in Windows...
A reported published this week in Al Jazeera America reveals the close relationship that online giant Google had with its equally voracious anti-privacy partners at the National Security Agency (NSA), at least until the Edward Snowden disclosures. This is interesting when you consider that Google has repeatedly denied this relationship ever existed. But email messages between Google and the NSA show a much cozier interaction between the two entities than one might imagine given that Google has more recently tried to distance itself from the NSA and has criticized the agency's spying activities. Frankly, I think Google is a bigger privacy risk than the NSA.
But Wait, There's More
Don't forget to follow me on Twitter and Paul Thurrott's SuperSite for Windows.
I'm trying to change the book publishing model, and would appreciate your support: Windows 8.1 Field Guide is now complete and available for only $2 in PDF, MOBI and EPUB formats, and it will be in the Kindle and Nook e-book stores soon. But I have other free e-books available too, including Windows Phone 8 Field Guide and the in-progress Xbox Music Field Guide. Coming soon: Windows Phone 8.1 Field Guide.
CHINESE warships fire LIVE rockets as they prepare for a "cruel and short" war in these awe-inspiring snaps.
The show of strength in the South China Sea comes just weeks after an international court dismissed the country's rights to large areas of the sea.
Dazzling images shows a number of ships firing live missiles and torpedoes during the sabre-rattling exercise on Monday.
Alamy 9 The Chinese Navy put on a show of strength in the South China Sea by firing live missiles during a training exercise just one month after an international court ruling on its claims in the disputed waters
Alamy 9 The ruling at The Hague last month dismissed Chinese claims to vast swathes of the seas for oil and fishing rights
Alamy 9 Chinas reaction was to hold an awe-inspiring missile display shortly after announcing joint military drills in the sea with Russia
AP:Associated Press 9 And, ominously, Chinese officials warned the drills were aimed at preparing for a "cruel and short" war
An ominous statement from the Chinese defence ministry said: "An information technology-based war at sea is sudden, cruel and short, which requires fast transition to combat status, quick preparation and high assault efficiency."
It added that the drills were aimed at improving the navy's "intensity, precision, stability and speed".
China has been building a series of human-made islands in the resource-rich South China Sea in a bid to claim large tracts for fishing and oil exploration rights.
related stories PUTIN THE PRESSURE ON Russia and China to hold joint naval drills in the South China Sea as tensions escalate CHINA ON THE WAR PATH Beijing warns against creating a 'cradle of war' in the South China Sea after Hague ruling SHUT DOWN China has no legal basis for claiming it owns huge parts of the South China Sea, The Hague rules CHINA NUKE THREAT Beijing flies nuclear bomb jet over South China Sea as it ramps up tensions with the US Star wars China has disguised a top secret space weapon as an orbital garbage collector, researcher claims
A number of nations including Vietnam and the Philippines hold competing claims.
But an international ruling at The Hague last month rejected China's vast territorial demands.
The decision was met with fury in Beijing where it was branded a "farce".
Vice foreign minister Liu Zhenmin added: “Do not turn the South China Sea into a cradle of war."
While the country's air force sent a nuclear bomber over the region in a not-so-veiled warning.
Reuters 9 The sabre-rattling exercise comes as China tries to assert its authorities in the waters by building human-made islands
Alamy 9 The Chinese face competing claims from other countries in the region, including The Philippines and Vietnam
Getty Images 9 The Chinese and Russian navies will conduct joint drills in the regions next month as tensions ramp up following the court ruling
Getty Images 9 A satellite image from April last year shows what is claimed to be an under-construction Chinese airstrip at the top end of Fiery Cross Reef in the Spratly Islands of the disputed South China Sea
News Group Newspapers Ltd 9 But the US Navy has warned it will continue to sail through the disputed water of the South China Sea. Aircraft carrier the USS Theodore Roosevelt is pictured here
The announcement came amid a steep build-up in military operations around the region.
Chinese and Russian officials sent out a ominous warning to Western powers with the announcement of joint military drills in the region next month.
While the US Navy confirmed it would disregard Chinese warnings and continue to sail its vessels through the South China Sea.
We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368
Wednesday, August 6, 2014 at 8:56AM
What data structure does your database use? It's not something the typical database user spends much time pondering. Since data structure is destiny, what data structure your database uses is a key point to consider in your selection process.
We know CouchDB uses a modified B+ tree. We've learned a lot of fascinating details over the years about the use of Log-structured merge-trees in Cassandra, HBase and LevelDB. So B+ trees and LSMs seem familiar by now.
What may not be so familiar is Tokutek's Fractal Tree Indexing technology that is supposed to be even better than B+ trees and LSMs.
As a comparison between Fractal Tree Indexing and LSMs, Bradley Kuszmaul, Chief Architect at Tokutek, has written a detailed paper, a must-read for the algorithmically inclined or someone interested in database internals: A Comparison of Log-Structured Merge (LSM) and Fractal Tree Indexing.
Here's a quick intro to Fractal Tree (FT) indexes:
The idea behind FT indexes is to maintain a B tree in which each internal node of the tree contains a buffer. When a data record is inserted into the tree, instead of traversing the entire tree the way a B tree would, we simply insert the Eventually root buffer will fill up with new data records. At that point the FT index copies the inserted records down a level of the tree. Eventually the newly inserted records will reach the leaves, at which point they are simply stored in a leaf node as a B tree would store them. The data records descending through the buffers of the tree can be thought of as messages that say “insert this record”. FT indexes can use other kinds of messages, such as messages that delete a record, or messages that update a record.
The paper starts with an explanation of write amplification, read amplification, and space amplification, the metrics that will be used to compare B trees, FT indexes, and LSMs. These are nicely detailed sections and well worth the price of admission.
Write amplification: the amount of data written to storage compared to the amount of data that the application wrote. Read amplification: the number of I/O's required to satisfy a particular query. Space amplification: the space required by a data structure can be inflated by fragmentation or requirements for temporary copies of the data.
The paper then has sections explaining in great detail the inner magic of B trees, FT indexes, and LSMs. Which are also worth the price of admission.
The pizza crust yeast is not supposed to give you any of that annoying “pull back.” Pull back is when the dough gets lazy and refuses to spread out. I still get a little bit of that, but just let the dough rest for several minutes before attempting to spread it out again.A baking stone is an indispensable kitchen accessory for doing pizza at home. A baking stone pulls moisture from the crust and gives you a super-crispy crust. Because it's not easy to get uncooked thin-crust pizza dough onto a hot baking stone and keep a nice shape, I spread the dough onto a round pizza pan and briefly bake it before topping. After adding the toppings, I then slide it onto the hot pizza stone to finish baking. (Bake the other half of the dough in a pan for the same amount of time as directed, cool, then wrap tightly and freeze for another pizza.)INGREDIENTSCARAMELIZED ONIONS3 tablespoons butter3 tablespoons olive oil2 medium onions (1½-2 pounds), halved and thinly sliced1 teaspoon saltPIZZA CRUST1 package pizza crust yeast1 cup warm water1 teaspoon sugar2 tablespoons olive oil (plus more for bowl)½ cup whole wheat flour1½ cups all-purpose flour (plus more than needed)— Cooking sprayTOPPING2 cups kale sprouts, (about 4 ounces) halved2 cloves garlic, minced2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese3 slices prosciutto, torn into pieces— Crushed red pepper flakes, to taste— Balsamic drizzle (purchased or homemade)INSTRUCTIONSCARAMELIZED ONIONSHeat butter and olive oil over medium-high heat in a large skillet or sauté pan. Add onions, stir to coat with fat, cover, then reduce heat to medium. Cook covered, stirring several times for approximately 30 minutes or until softened. (Adjust temperature or add additional fat to keep them from burning.)Uncover, add salt, reduce heat to medium-low and continue cooking another 30 minutes, stirring often until golden. (Keep an eye on them to ensure they don't burn.) Transfer to a colander or sieve to drain off any excess fat, reserving 1 tablespoon fat in the pan.PIZZA CRUSTWhile the onions are cooking, prepare the pizza crust. Whisk together yeast, warm water and sugar in a large bowl. Let stand 15 minutes or until foamy.Add salt, olive oil and flours and stir until blended. Turn out onto a floured surface and knead 8-10 minutes, adding all-purpose flour as necessary until you have soft dough that's still a bit sticky and that springs back from the touch.Drizzle the bowl that you mixed the dough in with olive oil. Place the kneaded dough in the bowl, turn to coat with oil, cover with a clean kitchen towel, and let rise for 30 minutes.TO FINISH PIZZAPlace the pizza stone in the oven and preheat the oven to 425 degrees. Spray a 12-inch round pizza pan with cooking spray. Divide the dough in half, reserving half for another pizza. Spread the pizza dough over the bottom of the pizza pan. (If the dough pulls back at all, let it rest several minutes before proceeding.) Set the pan on the baking stone and bake for 8 minutes.Meanwhile, heat the reserved oil mixture from caramelizing the onions in a skillet or sauté pan. Cook the kale sprouts 1-2 minutes with the garlic.Spread cheese over the pizza crust. Top with caramelized onions, prosciutto and kale sprouts. Transfer the crust to the hot baking stone. Bake 12-15 minutes or until the crust is golden and cheese has melted.Sprinkle with crushed red pepper flakes and drizzle with balsamic drizzle. Cut into pieces and serve.
This article is over 1 year old
Craig Kelly, who chairs backbench committee on environment and energy, says they think Paris agreement is ‘cactus'
Australia will need to review its participation in the Paris agreement on climate change if Donald Trump follows through with their threat to withdraw from the treaty, according to the chair of the Turnbull government's backbench committee on environment and energy.
Craig Kelly told Guardian Australia on Wednesday he'd predicted immediately after Trump's election that the Paris climate deal was “cactus” and they stood by that assessment.
Craig Kelly, Facebook
Trump on Tuesday night Australian time signed a new executive order to unravel a number of Barack Obama's regulatory measures to combat climate change, including eliminating the clean power plan, which sets limits on the amount of greenhouse gases that power plants emit.
The latest executive order is seen as a prelude to the US following through with the campaign commitment to withdraw from the Paris deal.
Australian conservatives are watching events in the US closely.
Kelly said they were aware of the new executive order, and if Trump went the extra step and withdrew from the Paris agreement: “I think we have to review it.”
The former Liberal senator Cory Bernardi, who now sits on the crossbench, holds the same view.
“It is clear America intends to withdraw from the Paris agreement and it would be folly for Australia to be part of it,” Bernardi said. “I don't think we should subsume our national interest to international bodies.”
Bernardi this week sparked a rebellion inside the government by proposing to disallow an extradition treaty with China on the basis the country's legal system was deficient.
The disallowance motion prompted a number of Liberals to express opposition to the extradition treaty.
If Trump withdraws from the Paris deal, Bernardi will likely use the development as a recruitment drive for their new Australian Conservatives movement, which will put pressure on conservative MPs in the government.
In the battle for the planet's climate future, Australia's Adani mine is the line in the sand | Bill McKibben Read more
Kelly, who chairs the government's backbench committee on climate and energy, has been campaigning internally for months, arguing that the federal renewable energy target should be frozen at its current level.
The Sydney Liberal backbencher said regardless of what the US ultimately did, they had concerns about what the Paris deal could achieve.
Kelly said even if you accepted that fiddling with “the CO2 knob” could influence climate change, they had doubts that countries could meet their Paris commitments “without a technological breakthrough”.
Asked whether a majority of their Coalition colleagues would be in favour of quitting the Paris deal in the event Trump pulled out, Kelly argued “it would be a close run thing”.
They said government MPs were under pressure from voters who believed renewable energy targets were responsible for higher power prices.
The prime minister has signalled Australia will stay the course if the Trump administration follows through with its threats to quit the Paris deal.
Turnbull told reporters last November it would take four years to withdraw from the agreement after ratification.
Casting Call: Hollywood Needs More Women
Enlarge this image toggle caption Gemma La Mana/Twentieth Century Fox via AP Gemma La Mana/Twentieth Century Fox via AP
Summer is the perfect time for a night out at the cinema, but maybe you've noticed something missing at the movies: women.
Women make up a minority of movie creators: 7 percent of directors, 13 percent of writers and 20 percent of producers; that's nearly five men for every woman working behind the scenes.
Out of last year's biggest movies, 28 percent of speaking characters were female. That's down from a third just five years ago, according to the Annenberg School at the University of Southern California.
"Just based off last few movies I've seen, they've all been male-centric like World War Z and Man of Steel and This Is The End," says 20-year-old moviegoer Melissa Hattab. "I know that I love going to the movies and I like seeing women I can relate to."
That's not to say no women are making and having lead roles in films, recent examples include Sofia Coppola's Bling Ring and The Heat, which opened this weekend and stars Melissa McCarthy and Sandra Bullock. The Heat was also written by a woman, Katie Dippold.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Chris Pizzello/AP Chris Pizzello/AP
The 'Thelma & Louise' Syndrome
The female buddy-cop movie The Heat echoes what was billed as the ultimate chick flick, 1991's Thelma & Louise starring Geena Davis and Susan Sarandon.
"Every time there's a movie starring women, the media is very excited to say, 'Well, this changes everything,'" Davis tells NPR's Jacki Lyden. "That's what happened with Thelma & Louise ... and nothing changed."
Davis says the same things were said after more recent movies like Bridesmaids and The Hunger Games, but not much changed "and it's not going to," they say.
Lately, Davis has been busy trying to figure out why women aren't better represented in film, and how to turn it around. In 2004, they founded The Geena Davis Institute on Gender in Media.
"When my daughter was 2 years old and I started watching [kids programming] ... I was floored to see a huge dearth of female characters," Davis says. "I knew that there were fewer female characters in general in Hollywood ... but I didn't know that applied to what we show kids."
Davis' think tank commissioned numerous studies on women and media. Despite women making up half of all moviegoers, the studies showed that in family films and children's programming there was only one female character for every three male characters, they say. But it's not all bad news.
"We were able to see an increase in the percentage of female characters in family films," they say. At the current rate, however, reaching a parity of female and male characters would take about 700 years, they say.
Davis jokingly says their organization is dedicated to cutting that number in half. Humor aside, they say the disparity of female-to-male characters in media is a concerning issue.
"What we're in effect doing is training children to see that women and girls are less important than men and boys. We're training them to perceive that women take up only 17 percent of the space in the world," they say. "And if you add on top of that, that so many female characters are sexualized, even in things that are aimed at little kids, that's having an enormous impact as well."
Sleepless in Hollywood Tales from the New Abnormal in the Movie Business by Lynda Obst Hardcover, 283 pages | purchase close overlay Buy Featured Book Your purchase helps support NPR programming. How?
Shifting Audiences
Longtime producer Lynda Obst has watched Hollywood undergo some seismic changes, and they haven't been good for women. They say it was much different 30 years ago.
"You could make up an idea, pitch it to your boss and if you were lucky and they liked the idea and you had a good writer, you could sell it and it might get made into a movie," Obst tells Lyden.
Obst calls those days "the old abnormal," when they produced numerous hits including Flashdance, Sleepless in Seattle and One Fine Day. These days, Obst says it's "the new abnormal" trying to get studios to pick up a movie.
"What they want are ideas known around the world before they even get made because it makes marketing the ideas even easier," they say, "which is why they want ideas that can easily be made into sequels and then become franchises."
Obst calls these movies tent poles: dependable blockbuster brands like Spider-Man, the X-Men and Harry Potter. They write about the changes in their new book, Sleepless in Hollywood, and what exactly accounts for the "new abnormal."
Obst says the collapse of the DVD market — which once accounted for about 50 percent of profit in the movie business — forced Hollywood to look elsewhere for revenue. They found it in international audiences, particularly in Asia and South America. The problem, they say, is the kind of movies those audiences want.
"The kinds of movies that they like abroad are movies with huge special effects," they say, "and moreover, they don't like movies with too much dialogue. ... So women's movies — romantic comedies [and] dramas — they don't play well overseas."
The other issue, Obst says, is that Hollywood marketers are only concerned with catering to men in their advertising because the general attitude is that "women will go anyway."
Obst suggests Hollywood could make one less $200 million tent pole movie a year, and instead put that money toward multiple smaller movies that serve another audience.
"Women have been incredibly supportive in showing that there is an audience," they say, "and we also have to be conscious of making those movies good enough for the audience to show up for."
Perhaps there is hope. For its opening weekend, The Heat came in at strong second place and made $40 million, beating out the male-driven action-adventure movie White House Down.
"O humankind, indeed We have created you from male and female, and have made you into nations and tribes, that you may know one another. Indeed the most honoured of you in the sight of Allah is the most righteous. Indeed, Allah knows and Acquainted" [Quran 49:13]
Islam, as a religion, does not believe in distinction on the basis of class, creed, caste, economic status, region, language and background. These criteria are immaterial for God to judge a person. In Islam, Taqwa (piety) and fear of God are two factors that determine the status of a Muslim before Allah. Islam, if we would trace its recent roots, was successful in establishing an egalitarian society in Saudi Arabia.
The egalitarianism continued politically for a period of not more than three decades, but for the masses it still holds, though in a rudimentary shape. The powerful political, social, corporate and military elite have kept the Muslim masses suppressed while enjoying an elevated status. They have deprived the masses equal opportunities to earn livelihoods, enjoy social mobility and excel in different fields.
The elite always need an ideology to keep the masses engaged so as to not let them unite. Ideology, religion, national interest and patriotism are often invoked to keep them divided.
No place for inequality
Islam preaches idealism and lays emphasis on equality, fraternity, brotherhood and transnational Ummah.
But in reality they are utopian concepts used by the religious and political elite to keep the Muslim masses divided so that egalitarianism and equality are never realised. The Muslims of the world are not a homogeneous group but a differential one that shares only few things in common.
Indian Muslim leaders have been adopting an ostrich-like approach denying the lived reality of caste among them. Photo: Reuters
The Muslims of South Asia are not a monolith. Cultural conditioning has meant many egalitarian teachings of Islam too faded away, particularly equality. In the Indian subcontinent, Islam was spread by the peaceful missionary work carried out by Sufis belonging to varied denominations (silsilas).
The converts mostly belonged to the suppressed and oppressed classes of the Hindu society, that is Shudras and untouchables who had suffered caste oppression for generations. Islam and the egalitarian practice of Sufis certainly helped the oppressed Hindus seek refuge in and enjoy equality within the ambit of Islam.
With time, like patriarchy, caste too found its roots among the Muslims of the Indian subcontinent. Some travellers who came with Sufis or sought refuge in the subcontinent from repressive regimes, held to their non-subcontinental origin. Being refugees, they had expertise in various skills and some were doctors of divinity.
The aboriginal converts who belonged to the deprived and suppressed class thus accepted everything the foreigners said as the gospel truth and the word of Allah because the latter had the privilege of interpreting Islam.
From Sir Syed Ahmad Khan (above) to Maulana Ashraf Ali Thanwi and down to the line of Islamic revivalist Mawlana Abul Ala Mawdudi, all came to justify casteism as a doctrine of the faith.The institution of caste came in handy as a comfortable tool for these elite to maintain their hegemony over the masses. They would preach the egalitarian principles of Islam, but in reality practise inequality and harboured a deep hatred for the masses.
The Muslims in India became divided among the Ashraf (the elite who trace their origin outside the subcontinent) and the Ajlaf (the masses who converted to Islam).
The Ashraf enjoyed the privilege of having sound social, political, educational and economic status but never wanted to share it with the masses who could have become future contenders to the privileges. But there are few exceptions to this rule. Islam was used as a tool and its egalitarian principles twisted in such a manner that it came to justify the institution of caste and Syedisation.
The scholars of Islam, from Sir Syed Ahmad Khan to Maulana Ashraf Ali Thanwi and down to the line of Islamic revivalist Mawlana Abul Ala Mawdudi, all came to justify casteism as a doctrine of the faith.
This justification was the greatest disservice to Islam, a direct attack on the beloved Prophet Muhammad's life and an injustice to the ideals and teachings of the faith. But such disservice still continues and few voices are talking about the institutionalisation of caste among Muslims of the subcontinent.
Indian Muslim leaders have been adopting an ostrich-like approach denying the lived reality of caste among them. This denial has led to the deprivation of the scheduled caste status to Indian Muslims, who desperately need reservation being the most marginalised minority in the country.
Casteism among Kashmiri Muslims
Kashmir being a Muslim-majority region, though disputed in its nature, follows the institution of caste as an article of faith.
The Ashraf castes in Kashmir comprise those who call themselves Syeds (though there is no concept of Syeds in Islam or the Quran) and most of them trace their origin to distant lands, particularly of Central Asia, like Geelan, Hamdan and Andrab. The other elite are known as Khojas (the rich, upper caste Muslims).
The Syeds were poor and eked out a living by teaching the Quran (though most of them could not understand Arabic and still don't), attending funeral prayers, leading prayers in masjids and engaging in minor teaching jobs. They were mostly dependent on the Khojas for their survival as the latter paid them generously, and would bestow grants to the Sufi shrines most Syeds had a parasitical relationship with.
With time, like patriarchy, caste too found its roots among the Muslims of the Indian subcontinent. Photo: Reuters
Thus, many of them earned the title of Malla (a derogatory term used for a person who uses religion to earn money even through fraud and devilish means).
The Syeds and the Khojas could intermarry but the Khojas looked down upon the Syeds as Mallas for whose existence and sustenance they paid. The Mallas, as is a reality, were a shrewd lot and many of them were driven out of their lands by rulers for creating mischief and being a part of nefarious plans against the government. With the division of Indian subcontinent, a part of Kashmir remained with India.
Under the charismatic leadership of Sheikh Muhmamad Abdullah, the implementation of revolutionary Land-to-Tiller act made the masses overnight owners of the land, depriving the Khojas of their decades-old privileges. Subsequently, the new educational policy helped the masses and particularly the Syeds, the first to avail the fruits of education. They also got the Syed women educated, though on the pulpits they would preach that sending girls to schools is haram. The newly-carved state of Jammu and Kashmir changed its contours and there was an overhaul in which Muslims found space in government jobs.
The Khojas, who had enjoyed their status as the Indian Muslim elite after the advent of British and defeat of the Last Mughal Emperor Bahadur Shah Zafar in 1857, were still lamenting about their lost privilege, and thus did not understand the essence of education in the changing times.
Most of them who had businesses and access to education got government jobs that had a limited amount of salary. So, the Khojas now looked down upon the Syeds who would take up government jobs. Once the Syeds made an entry in the government job sector, particularly the bureaucracy and the police, they made every effort that non-Syeds do not make it to the top echelons of these institutions.
It took several decades for the non-Syeds, the aboriginals masses of Kashmir, to make a dent in the Syedised bureaucracy. To this day the Syeds dominate the bureaucracy and the invisible apartheid continues. The Islamic revivalist movements that spread their network in Kashmir, including Jamaat-e-Islami, too were dominated by the Syeds as they had the privilege and legacy of Islamic teachings.
The indigenous institution of the Mirwaiz, whose establishment is traced to the Dogra regime and who had very humble origins, is now counted among the elite today due to social mobility.
At one point, the resistance movement against India too was dominated by the Syeds though the insurgency was started by the non-Syeds and they continue to offer sacrifices and become cannon fodder, with the Syeds ruling the roost and enjoying the leadership privilege. Few Syeds and Khojas lost their lives or took part in the insurgency, but both United Jihad Council and Hurriyat Conference are dominated by Syeds, who want the sacrifices from the non-Syeds and luxurious lives for their wards and extended family.
They have used every mechanism to keep the masses occupied with the conflict so that they don't engage with the larger questions associated with it, including caste and privileges. They do not want to democratise this institution and follow Islamic principles of equality by marrying non-Syeds even though they regularly preach democracy, equality, Islam and unity.
Casteism with PDP
The coming to power of a Syed party in Kashmir, that is, Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) aka Pir Development Party has rendered the matters worse because they have installed their relatives on every front — from the university to the municipality — thus depriving others of their rightful opportunities. This too has added fuel to the resentment against the government. The PDP has been the most nepotistic regime that was democratically elected in the history of Kashmir.
The conditions will go worse and the caste factor will become a major player in the electoral politics of Kashmir in the near future, as witnessed in the 2017 Uttar Pradesh elections, should the government fail to act in an unbiased manner. The Hurriyat, led by Syed Ali Geelani and Mirwaiz Umer Farooq, has been less critical of the PDP regime, leading to suspicions of caste bias.
they PDP has been the most nepotistic regime that was democratically elected in the history of Kashmir. Photo: PTI
It is both hilarious and condemnable that only on the basis of being born into a family, one thinks that he/she is socially elevated from others and brands others as inferior.
False elite
If at all one takes pride, it should be in their merit and achievements not on the basis of birth and association to distant lands.
For instance, the Indian Qureshis, who think they belong to Prophet Muhammad's tribe, must remember that the Quran says: "Muhammad is not the father of [any] one of your men, but [he is] the Messenger of Allah and last of the prophets. And ever is Allah, of all things, Knowing." [33:40]
Further, the Qureshis were a varied lot. Hence, while tracing one's orgin, they must feel the pulse of the facts too. Incidentally, in some parts of India the Qureshis are butchers and enjoy the other backward class status.
Further those who trace their origins to distant lands and proudly display their surnames as Hamdani, Geelani, Baghdadi and Andrabi must be thankful to Kashmiris who gave their ancestors refuge when they were suffered seige and were hunted down in their birth burgs.
So, the people of the subcontinent were a hospitable lot who helped the downtrodden ancestors of those who claim to be elite today.
Caste is a reality that needs to be understood, debated and annihilated from the body of the Muslim society.
It seems to be an impossible task despite the strength of Dr BR Ambedkar's ideology. Dalit politics failed to annihilate caste but a struggle needs to be renewed, by making the masses understand its perils and that the elite have been exploiting them by engaging them in futile struggles as well as raising the false bandwagon of Islam being in danger, while themselves indulging in politics.
Only a holistic approach will sever the deep tentacles of caste from the Muslim society.
Also read: Dear Muslim women: Don't stop at triple talaq. Go beyond divorce
Albany Ga Transgender woman Bozz Tutie's home shot at
Trigger warning: Cringe-worthy reporting by local media
28 Shares
Bozz Tutie tried to move their family to safety before their windows began shattering…
It's not clear what events precipitated their house being shot at, possibly Tutie's Facebook interactions.
Bozz Tutie told walb.com:
“So I would expose them. One of the guys that I exposed, they called me and was threatening me talking about if I put their name up there, they were going to do this and that to me, but I didn't take them seriously,” said Bozz Tutie.
Fast-forward a week later and Bozz Tutie's house was shot up and had windows broken with bricks.
Tutie was outside just before it all happened. “I ran and closed the door and locked it because I have dead bolts on my door, and I told them to get down. And that's when we heard glass shattering, and I told my son to get down, and they fell in the bathtub.”
Tutie remembers about five or six shots going off, one catching their son, but knows they were the real target, and it wasn't random.
However, the reporting is a criminal. Bozz Tutie presents as a woman and their Facebook profile identifies them as female. There is no excuse for Walb.com misgendering them and referring to living authentically as a ‘lifestyle'.
WALB.com, Albany News, Weather, Sports
Kelli Busey Editor-in-Chief at Planet Transgender Kelli Busey an outspoken gonzo style journalist has been writing since 2007. In 2008, they brought the Dallas Advocate on-line and has articles published by the Reconciling Ministries Network, The Transsexual Menace, The Daily Kos, Frock Magazine the TransAdvocate, the Dallas Voice and The Advocate. Kelli, an avid runner is editor-in-chief at Planet Transgender which they founded in 2007.
Related
Facebook Comments
You all may know me to be a little on the… aggressive side when it comes to calling media and celebrities out on transphobic ignorance. Recently, I've been trying to go the more relaxed route, not because I didn't crave to throw fits about every slur, but since the gigantic influx of transphobic actions in mainstream, I was getting exhausted. But exhaustion aside, once again I'm saying “I've had enough.” What broke the camel's back this time? Last week on Access Hollywood, former N'Sync star Lance Bass (who does look strikingly similar to a fish) pulled out the “T word,” the growing nomenclature for tranny, and this episode of ignorance says more about transphobia than one word can handle.
(starts at 2:20 minutes – UPDATE the video on the site may be taken down)
What's so different about Lance Bass from Kelly Osborne or Neil Patrick Harris using the word? Nothing. It's all the same, and though this event is very similar to Neil Patrick Harris' usage, I find it much more insulting. In addition to the use of the word, those involved also found it necessary to mock our entire community's plight against our oppressors. Comedian Billy Eichner, whose talent seems to be primarily based on yelling, comments on how tranny isn't in fashion anymore, and I would give them props for that, but their statement of “really, really gay” being the replacement kinda ruined it. It is a fascinating scene really, watching three adults giggle like ten year olds who accidentally used a dirty word. And, like any ten year olds, their solution to their misbehavior was to laugh at it and blame someone else for their inability to say it. “Oops! we've made a mistake, those people don't like that word, but who understands those trannies, anyway?!” Thanks, TV personalities, good save. Obviously, your public image is all that matters here, not the fact that you are a oppressive idiot with bad hair (WTF is with hair gel city you're building over there?). Oh, and PS: Lance, I wouldn't suggest you attempt to rock purple velvet, you're not glam enough for it.
Now, all you Lance fans out there may be thinking, “Hey, they apologized! It's all ok now!” And I appreciate all six of you pointing that out, but it is not all ok. The apology is good to have, but before we accept the apology we have to analyze the mistake, otherwise we can't learn from it. I think the most interesting, and important, part of this case of transphobia is the exemplary performance of oppressors trying to deal with ignorance. When you watch the clip, listen to the language being used: trans* folks are just “they,” not the transgender community. Why? Well it is because they didn't even KNOW what else to call us. Hi there, cookie-cutter TV personality lady, did you really just ask “What's the new word?” It is “A Transgender Person” and Lance, I can see why you all missed the “memo,” the word has only been around for about THIRTY YEARS or in the case of the word Transsexual almost ONE HUNDRED years. But you know, it takes time to learn. it's not like you're a member of the “LGBT” community or anything. Oh, wait, you are. I guess you always thought that T stood for Tranny. You do “love a good o'l tranny.”
The exploding use of tranny in mainstream isn't a coincidence. It is happening because trans* visibility is getting higher, and (consciously or not) non-trans* society is starting to panic. The use of slurs and other public forms of oppression (like political wedge issues) is society trying to deal with our communities' push for rights and recognition. Pop culture is politics dripping down into the mainstream masses, and that is why it is so dangerous. In the big picture, I guess we should be somewhat excited about it. The growing visibility of tranny is a result of our trans* communities' sucessful visibility; we've gone from being mostly invisible to the hot-topic butt of jokes, and we have been for a couple years now. So, under this idea, all this transphobia on TV could be seen as a ‘growing pain' for the trans* communities' arduous climb up the cliff of civil rights. If television had been prominent in the early 20th century, we can be sure that racial slurs would have been all over it. And even though direct, verbal prejudice was lower in TV and movies before and during the civil rights movement, racism itself was very prevalent and it hasn't gone away yet. It is just lessening over time as society lazily gets its act together. What has to happen for media to move into a less-oppressive space? First, people start to use the slurs because it is topical; “Haha! I get the joke! I feel cool because I know who I'm oppressing!” (That is what oppressors think, right?) Then the accountability starts. All three celebrities (Harris, Osborne, and Bass) have issued public apologies for using the word tranny, and even go as far as to advocate others not to use it. When it comes to public accountability, an education-promoting apology is about as good as it gets. But, and you know there has to be a but, these apologies don't really make me feel better – they usually just irritate me more. Can we take a look at Lance Bass' apology? It is full of gender essentialism and stereotypes, including the widely recognized un-PC term transvestite and the wrong body myth. Then, they talk about how it was really ok that they said tranny because they know trans* people – yeah, rationalization and excuses for why the mistake is ok are awesome elements in any apology. They also pretend to be smart by discussing how people of color and gay people debate about using the n-word and f-word (respectively). It's “just words,” no big deal, why can't they use it? Um, for starters, you're not fucking trans*, Lance. Your gay card of doesn't get you in. Despite their claimed “education” from GLAAD, this guy clearly has no clue about the trans* community or our struggles. Many people say I'm being too critical and I should be grateful for a well-meant apology. GLAAD was all too happy to bend over for Neil Patrick Harris' “heartening” TWO LINE twitter apology, acting like sycophants to fame… Some queers go into activism saying “beggars can't be choosers.” Well, I'm not begging for my rights, I'm fighting for them. I refuse to take less than what a human being deserves, and we deserve the best. And though these apologies aren't the best, they are extremely important. Without them Billy No-Talent-Comedian would never of mentioned that tranny wasn't ok and, despite the insulting follow up, it was acknowledged to be offensive. That is a big first step for society – the awareness that there is another voice. Of course, some celebrities make zero attempts to be accountable, and unless we keep fighting, that is going to continue to happen for a very long time. Society isn't going to change on its own, we have to chisel our way in through activist feedback and forced accountability.
I've said it once if I've said it a million times, that mainstream media, needs to shut the fuck up on trans* issues, but maybe I should rethink that. Maybe I should sit back and enjoy the squirming celebrity mistakes and think of society's failures as a tool for our revolution. The downside is that while we are waiting for society to get it's act together, how many people will be misinformed, adding to the mass of oppression and miseducation? And how many trans* folks have to be injured by these oppressions before it enough is enough? The saying goes “You can't make an omelet without breaking a few eggs.” In that, societal rights and recognition for the future's trans* people are the omelet, today's trans* people are the eggs. But I refuse to be broken. The future's just going to have to learn to make civil rights tofu scrambles.
Teacher: "If homework was worth 3 points, how many of you would do it?"
Teacher: "Okay, if homework was worth 2 points, how many of you would do it?"
Teacher: "If homework was worth 1 point per day, how many of you would do it?"
Teacher: "If homework was not graded, how many of you would do it?"
Teacher: "Johnny, why would you still do your homework?"
Teacher: "Thanks for your honesty, Johnny. Suzy, why would you still do your homework if it was worth zero points?"
Teacher: "I do, too, Suzy. Thanks for your enthusiasm. Frank, why wouldn't you do your homework if it wasn't graded?"
Teacher: "Frank, if you didn't do your homework for this unit, how well do you think you'd do on the test?"
Teacher: "Thanks for your honesty, Frank. If you didn't do your homework again for the next unit, how well do you think you'd do on the test?"
Teacher: "Frank, how many tests do you think you'd have to fail before you realized that doing your homework is a good idea?"
Teacher: "Okay, now that you know that...why wouldn't you just do your homework?"
CINCINNATI -- Visitors and staff were evacuated from the Cincinnati Zoo due to a threat Thursday afternoon. Police gave the all-clear less than two hours later.
A threat was made over the phone, Lt. Steve Saunders said. There was a report of a suspicious "device."
About 50 visitors and 75 zoo staffers were evacuated. K-9 units swept the zoo and found no devices or other threats, Saunders said.
The zoo closed at 5 p.m. but will resume normal operations Friday, the zoo said in a news release.
Police were reviewing the source of the phone call.
The zoo released the following statement:
"The Cincinnati Zoo & Botanical Garden safely evacuated staff and guests today around 3:30 p.m. as a precaution after an unspecified threat was called into Cincinnati Police. The Zoo takes all threats seriously. We will continue to work with Cincinnati Police to ensure the Zoo remains a safe environment."
Watch the full press conference below:
Check back for updates.
Google Analytics Language Spam: Remove the “…Vote for Trump!” Spam.
Michael Sacco-Gibson Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 29, 2016
I'm sure by now if you regularly use Google Analytics, you've seen a line on your Audience dashboard under “Language” that reads “Secret. ɢoogle. com You are invited! Enter only with this ticket URL. Copy it. Vote for Trump!” and it's beginning to irritate you.
Not only does this spam affect your VIEWS, but it's different from standard spam in that it may be affecting your Average Time On Site metrics, and Pages Per Visit metrics. Sorry about that growth you saw, it's probably a result of this spam.
But! I'm here to help. I got tired of seeing this time and time again in my own analytics, so I've come up with a handy removal guide. (Note: this will only remove spam data moving forward, it cannot affect the historical data already recorded, I'm sorry.)
First, navigate to your filters page and select “Add New Filter.”
Next, you're going to create a new filter named “Spam Language” and select “Custom” as the filter type.
Select “Language Settings” as the filter field, and then, because this spam uses characters that SHOULD NOT be able to show up in Language by manipulating code commands (and using more characters than language tags usually use), you're going to paste the following into the “Filter Pattern” box:
.{12,}|\s[^s]*\s|\.|,|\!|\/
Once you have that done, Verify the filter to make sure it's working, and then Save!
For reference, on our site, this removes roughly 20 sessions a day, with an average session duration of 15 minutes. Yay clean data!
PILLOWTALK singer Zayn Malik has been chatting with extraterrestrial beings in their sleep — and revealed it was these aliens who told them to quit One Direction.
The former boyband star sensationally left the X Factor-formed five-piece last March.
Yet instead of calling time on their five-year stint for musical differences or a passion for a solo project, the hunky Bradford lad revealed paranormal activity played its part and confessed to Glamour: “An alien spoke to me in a dream,” reports The Sun.
The other-worldly beings could well then have helped the hunky Bradford lad scoop chart success with their debut single and album, Mind of Mine, both reaching the number one spot.
Their shock departure lifted the lid on a host of bad feeling among remaining group members Harry Styles, Liam Payne, Louis Tomlinson and Niall Horan as well as sharp exchanges with manager Simon Cowell.
Malik then slammed their former band mates for not getting in touch with them and revealed “nobody's reached out”, though went on to add they had nattered on the phone with Payne about the group's Brit Award.
After their shock exit Liam said life in the reality show group “was never really Zayn's kind of bag.”
They told Good Morning Britain: “His taste in music was a bit different, and I guess that's kind of what drove them to do what they did in the end, which is not necessarily a bad thing.”
They added: “Everyone's come out fine from it, thanks to our beautiful fans. And he's off doing what they love as well, so both parties are winners in the end of a disaster of a situation. It's all good.”
Perhaps boggle-eyed beings also played a part in their love story with Victoria's Secret angel Gigi Hadid.
Gigi Hadid Shares Them Support For Zayn Malik After They Cancel Performance 0:59 Gigi Hadid is winning brownie points as a girlfriend for publicly supporting their boyfriend, Zayn Malik, as they cancelled a show in London due to anxiety.
The cute couple seemed to have battled through their rumoured split and were back in each other's arms in a recent selfie the blonde beauty posted to their Instagram account.
Showing Malik tenderly kiss them as they burst into a huge smile, they uploaded the shot with the caption: “Squish ya.”
https://www.instagram.com/p/BHnciYADeK_/embed
Hadid, 21, and Malik called time on their relationship in June yet snaps showing them leaving their plush New York City apartment together prompted suggestions they were back on.
A source close to the couple, who even teamed up for a sweet shoot in Vogue magazine, then dropped a huge hint they were hooking up.
They said: “They broke up and got back together almost right away.
“Right not it's back on, but it could be off again in an hour.”
The added to US Weekly: “They are young and keep going back and forth.
“Things are testy between them.”
This story first appeared in The Sun.
(CNN) The NFC Championship Game between the Green Bay Packers and Atlanta Falcons is Sunday at 3:05 p.m. ET, and the noise level from football fans at the Georgia Dome likely will be at an all-time high.
It also will be the last time for Falcons fans to make that noise in the stadium.
After 25 years, the Falcons will say goodbye to the Georgia Dome, and the building's final NFL game is a big one. The winner advances to Super Bowl LI in Houston.
Painting the bird on the 50-yard line for the final time ever inside the @GeorgiaDome ! #RiseUp pic.twitter.com/vy7lWKOlJq
"We couldn't have been more excited to have officially the last game at the Dome," Falcons head coach Dan Quinn said earlier this week. "Man, are we pumped to be a part of that."
The Georgia Dome, which is the only facility in the world to host the Olympics, Super Bowl and Final Four , will be replaced by the new Mercedes-Benz Stadium, which is under construction next door.
The Georgia Dome's final event -- Monster Jam -- is scheduled for March 5. Later this year, the building will be demolished. In its place, current plans are for a surface parking lot and green space.
What will remain is a spot jam-packed full of memories.
Major events and a natural disaster
The Georgia Dome opened in 1992, and it's been the site of several moments in sports history.
It's been the home of the Falcons, Georgia State University football, the annual Peach Bowl and the Southeastern Conference Football Championship. It also temporarily was the home court for the NBA's Atlanta Hawks in the late 1990s while nearby Philips Arena was being built.
The stadium housed two Super Bowls. In 1994, the Buffalo Bills fell to the Dallas Cowboys in Super Bowl XXVIII , losing their fourth consecutive title game. Super Bowl XXXIV in 2000 had a dramatic finish, in which Tennessee Titans wide receiver Kevin Dyson was tackled just short of the goal line , giving the St. Louis Rams the victory.
One of the most iconic moments in US Olympic history took place at the Georgia Dome in 1996 when an injured Kerri Strug, later diagnosed with torn ligaments in their ankle, courageously nailed their second vault to help the American women win gymnastics team gold for the first time. The 1996 Dream Team won gold in men's basketball, while the American women's basketball team won gold as well.
The Georgia Dome hosted three NCAA men's Final Fours, with Maryland (2002), Florida (2007) and Louisville (2013) winning those national championships. It also was the host for the 2003 NCAA women's Final Four, with Connecticut winning the title.
The Georgia Dome on December 31, 2016. The final NFL game in the stadium will take place Sunday, as the Atlanta Falcons host the Green Bay Packers in the NFC Championship Game.
Additionally, the history of the Georgia Dome is tied to two big natural disasters. In January 2006, the Sugar Bowl, which is held annually at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome in New Orleans, was moved to the Georgia Dome because of damage from Hurricane Katrina. In what was a de facto home game, the Georgia Bulldogs were stunned by the West Virginia Mountaineers , 38-35.
On March 14, 2008, a men's college basketball game at the Georgia Dome that went into overtime might have saved lives. Alabama and Mississippi State were facing off in the SEC tournament, and a three-point shot by Crimson Tide guard Mykal Riley forced the extra period, keeping spectators from heading toward the exits. A tornado hit downtown Atlanta a few minutes later. There was extensive damage in the area, including at the Georgia Dome, which forced that game and the rest of the tournament to finish at Georgia Tech's Alexander Memorial Coliseum.
Sunday's championship game kicked off as Atlanta was under a tornado watch. The watch, which included parts of Georgia, Florida and Alabama, followed several storm-related deaths , including 12 in Georgia, overnight Saturday into Sunday.
When it comes to the Georgia Dome, there also are personal memories for CNN's Coy Wire , who played three years for the Falcons. Wire's final game of their NFL career was at the Georgia Dome on January 15, 2011, when Atlanta lost to the Packers in the divisional round. Several of their former teammates still play for the Falcons, and they say they know a win means more than a Super Bowl berth.
"They're also cognizant of the fact this is the last game to be played in the Georgia Dome, and that's important to them as well," Wire said. "They know what a win there under these circumstances would mean, not just to the organization, but to this city. They're well aware of that, and it's certainly adding to the motivation that they already have for this moment."
Final Falcons chapter
The Georgia Dome wasn't the original home for the Falcons -- the team played at Atlanta-Fulton County Stadium from 1966-1991 -- but it has seen the most success.
Atlanta had 10 winning seasons and reached the playoffs nine times at the Georgia Dome. At Atlanta-Fulton County Stadium, which was demolished in 1997 and is now a parking lot, the Falcons reached the playoffs just four times and had six winning seasons.
"We're excited to have the official last game of the @GeorgiaDome here with our fans and our city."-DQ
🎥 LIVE- https://t.co/L2GQRMFBVc pic.twitter.com/eAZeDh5qJG — Atlanta Falcons (@AtlantaFalcons) January 16, 2017
The Georgia Dome's NFL playoff history started on January 9, 1999, when the Falcons defeated the San Francisco 49ers 20-18 in the divisional playoff round. Atlanta would go on to advance to its only Super Bowl, losing to the Denver Broncos in Super Bowl XXXIII.
Atlanta hosted the NFC Championship Game in 2013. But the home team missed out on reaching Super Bowl XLVII , with the Falcons losing to the 49ers, 28-24.
Last week, the Falcons, seeded No. 2 in the NFC, defeated the Seattle Seahawks 36-20 in the divisional round. When the top-seeded Dallas Cowboys were upset by the Packers a day later, that shifted the road to Super Bowl LI to go through Atlanta.
At the place that's been their home for the last quarter century, the Falcons could end their tenure in the Georgia Dome with a historic win.
We planned a lot of ways to send the Dome out the right way, but sometimes things just take care of themselves! #NFCChampionship #RiseUp — The Georgia Dome (@GeorgiaDome) January 16, 2017
"I think anybody who was in that environment last Saturday night, that's the loudest I've ever heard the Dome," Quinn said. "And I said, 'All right, that fired me up to know that we're going to bring the same energy they are.' So for us to hear that, that pumped me up beyond belief to say that's as loud as they heard it ... If that's as loud as it can get, there's only one challenge out there then.
"We hope that same commitment is happening (Sunday). Can we turn it up again?"
Fans have that chance one more time.
BEAVERTON, Ore.—Chapters about goal-setting in sports psychology texts frequently focus on the difference between process-oriented and outcome-oriented thinking. Teams and players can either emphasize only the end result and ignore the circumstances, or they can try to implement an approach that should net them wins in a more sustainable fashion.
That often means looking at indicators of success even when that success isn't coming. For example, Portland Timbers coach Caleb Porter frequently mentions that their team led the league in shots, 486 in the regular season to the second-ranked New York Red Bulls' 476, to illustrate that the attacking process had been building toward something more than the Timbers' precarious standing would indicate.
“We've played aggressively this year,” they said after training on Tuesday. “No one lacked confidence or belief in the process or what we were doing, and I think that's the big reason that at the end of the year, we got results.”
Portland won four of its last five regular-season games to cement its spot in the playoffs. After a thrilling 11-round shootout victory over Sporting Kansas City in the first round, the Timbers were an upper-corner save and a shot off the post from winning the goalless first leg of the Western Conference semifinals against the Vancouver Whitecaps on Sunday. Heading into the series continuation a week later, Porter said their team would maintain the same mentality.
“You learn to just stay focused on the process and to continue to believe in what you know,” Porter said, “And yet, I'm always challenging myself all the time, privately, and questioning, what could I do differently? That's why going to Salt Lake [on Oct. 14], I felt it was a good time to change something.”
Despite leading the league in shutouts, the Timbers also only managed to score 41 goals in the regular season, the lowest among teams that qualified for the playoffs. The team's most talented player, Darlington Nagbe, had also drifted far below the top form they showed in Porter's inaugural 2013 season with the franchise.
Nagbe was the best passer on the team again in 2015, completing 88.9% of 1,226 attempts and creating 63 goalscoring opportunities, but something was missing. Despite the importance of their influence on the team, Nagbe had somehow been slightly marginalized.
“We were getting chances. We were playing well, but something was missing,” Porter said. “Also, with Darlington, you look at them and they aren't contributing as much as we felt they could. We had talked about moving them in the center—we talked about it, actually, in preseason. We talked about it a lot, but it just never really made sense.”
The Timbers have generally played with two holding midfielders under Porter, but with captain Will Johnson out again, still feeling the effects of a broken leg, Porter finally made the switch. Diego Chará played as the lone No. 6 against Real Salt Lake in the third-to-last game of the season, and Nagbe slid into central midfield from their usual position on the wing.
It paid off immediately.
Nagbe completed 96% of their passes and created four goalscoring opportunities in the 1-0 win over RSL, and they went on to score three of their five goals in the last three games of the regular season. Having a full 360 degrees of options on the ball, rather than 180 in wide areas, suits a player whose dribbling, passing and shooting threats are especially terrifying when combined.
“I'm a rhythm player,” Nagbe told SI.com. “Just getting more touches, I feel better as the game goes on and then [I'm] able to get guys involved a little bit more.”
Teams have to respect Nagbe's presence all over the field and can't mark them out of the game by using their wide positioning against them anymore. Now, they can influence the game from box to box, as seen on their 45th-minute dribble from the top of their own penalty area deep into Vancouver's half that drew a free kick in a good position and a yellow card on Sunday.
The 25-year-old's rejuvenation comes in the weeks after earning their American citizenship, and just before the United States coach Jurgen Klinsmann is set to name their squad for the first 2018 World Cup qualifiers. Nagbe is finally eligible to represent the country they have called home since they were an infant, and though Porter has said Klinsmann was in touch to inquire about Nagbe's availability, the player isn't thinking too far ahead.
“If it happens, then it happens,” Nagbe said. “It's a great opportunity for any player, no matter who you are, to go represent your country. Hopefully, it happens soon.”
Back in Portland, the biggest concern with the tactical shift was whether Nagbe would be able to do the defensive work required in the middle, but Porter said the transition has been easy. Nagbe isn't a tough-tackling type like Chará or Johnson, but their smart positioning cuts off passing lanes, and their athleticism allows them to recover knockdowns and loose balls.
“We also felt that we probably weren't going to have to defend as much and the opponent was going to have to deal with us more,” Porter said. “The biggest reason he's impacted the game more is he's just more free to float wherever they want to, to find the game, get on the ball, and you saw that last game.”
Nagbe finished with 104 touches, a career-high for one game, recovered nine loose balls and completed eight successful dribbles. It's not the first stretch this season he's played centrally, as they started six of the first nine games there when Diego Valeri was still recovering from an ACL tear. When Valeri returned, Nagbe resumed their usual wider spot.
In the late-season switch, Nagbe and Valeri have both been healthy and now play in the same space. Their dynamic in the creative midfield block allows each to play to their strengths and Porter to play with one holding midfielder, as they did at University of Akron when their possession philosophy lit up the college game.
“[Nagbe] was the most-involved player, which also I think helps free up Valeri,” Porter said. “Valeri was a little more free to float in the channels because [Nagbe] is there to find the ball deep, get it off the back line, start attacks, but also Darlington will surge forward.”
The shift also marks something of a return to Porter's more idealistic style, dubbed “Porterball” in their first season as a pro coach in 2013, that has the Timbers playing their best football of the season.
It's the natural antithesis of Sunday's opponent, as Carl Robinson's Whitecaps have been most dangerous this season counterattacking through their youthful, pacey players.
“They play a little different than we do, but they're very effective in how they play,” Porter said. “Our games versus them are very interesting and exciting, and there are a lot of elements that go into these games we play versus Vancouver.”
Portland might shift its approach again to account for future opposition, but for now, the Timbers have been effective playing vintage Porterball. The team hasn't lost since moving Nagbe back into central midfield, five games ago.
“We're back more possessing the ball, like I'd prefer, but that's not always going to be the case,” Porter said. “We'll do whatever it takes to win, but I am enjoying the way we're playing right now, and it's working.”
We finally got to the flipped castle in Symphony of the Night. It's nice to play some old classics and see what they did right. (And wrong.) Meanwhile, we've been reworking a whole lot of animations for the game.
The main character was already altered once after the Ludum Dare demo, but the project lead felt like they still looked too scrawny. So, throw everything to the bin and try again. The earlier this sort of problems can be identified, the cheaper it is. Sometimes it just happens. You work closely with the project for months and one day realize that you need to give the game a new identity. If it pays off, it's worth it.
As a startup, we're trying to get by with what we can get our hands on. One of the animators has a really low desk. We decided it would improve the work ergonomics if we just stuck one of the monitor boxes underneath the tablet. And it does help immensely.
Steam Greenlight is getting closer, but we're not yet completely prepared for it, yet. This means we have to keep pushing certain deadlines further away. A lot of it comes down to the lack of experience, but some of it is due to the chaotic nature of the project. We feel good about the state of the game and the next one will surely go down more smoothly. For now, however, we're just trying to create an awesome vertical slice.
This website is archived for historical purposes and is no longer being maintained or updated.
Press Release Embargoed Until: Thursday, April 14, 2016, 1:00 p.m. ET
Contact: A pure culture of the bacteria that made someone sick.
Changes in the tests that diagnose foodborne illness are helping identify infections faster but could soon pose challenges to finding outbreaks and monitoring progress toward preventing foodborne disease, according to a report published today in CDC's Morbidity and Mortality Week Report.
Culture-independent diagnostic tests (CIDTs) help doctors diagnose infections quickly because they provide results in hours instead of the days needed for traditional culture methods, which require growing bacteria to determine the cause of illness. But without a bacterial culture, public health officials cannot get the detailed information about the bacteria needed to help find outbreaks, check for antibiotic resistance, and track foodborne disease trends.
In 2015, the percentage of foodborne infections diagnosed only by CIDT was about double compared with the percentage in 2012-2014.
“Foodborne infections continue to be an important public health problem in the United States,” said Robert Tauxe, M.D., M.P.H, director of CDC's Division of Foodborne, Waterborne and Environmental Diseases. “We are working with partners to make sure we still get important information about harmful bacteria despite the increasing use of diagnostic tests that don't require a culture.”
The increased use of CIDT could affect public health officials' ability to monitor trends and detect outbreaks. In the short term, clinical laboratories should work with their public health laboratories to make sure a culture is done whenever a CIDT indicates that someone with diarrheal illness has a bacterial infection. For a long-term solution, CDC is working with partners to develop advanced testing methods that, without culture, will give health care providers information to diagnose illness and also give the detailed information that public health officials need to detect and investigate outbreaks.
Limited progress in reducing foodborne illness
The report included the most recent data from CDC's Foodborne Diseases Active Surveillance Network, or FoodNet. It summarizes preliminary 2015 data on nine germs spread commonly through food. Overall, progress in reducing rates of foodborne illnesses has been limited since 2012, according to the report. The most frequent causes of infection in 2015 were Salmonella and Campylobacter, which is consistent with previous years.
Other key findings from the FoodNet report include:
The incidence of Salmonella Typhimurium infection, often linked to poultry and beef, decreased 15 percent from 2012-2014 levels. This decline may be due in part to tighter regulatory standards and vaccination of chicken flocks against Salmonella.
The incidence of some infections increased: Reported Cryptosporidium infections increased 57 percent since 2012-2014, likely due to increased testing for this pathogen. Reported non-O157 Shiga toxin-producing Escherichia coli (STEC) infections increased 40 percent since 2012-2014. Quicker and easier testing likely accounted for some or all of this increase.
FoodNet has been monitoring illness trends since 1996. FoodNet provides a foundation for food safety policy and prevention efforts because surveillance data can tell us where prevention efforts are needed to reduce foodborne illnesses.
CDC is working with federal, state, and local partners, and the food industry to improve food safety. New regulations and continuing industry efforts are focusing on challenging areas. USDA has made improvements in its poultry inspection and testing models and has tightened standards for both Salmonella and Campylobacter in poultry.
“In 2013, we launched a series of targeted efforts to address Salmonella in meat and poultry products, known as the Salmonella Action Plan, and recent data show that since then the incidence of Salmonella Typhimurium infection has dropped by 15 percent,” said USDA Deputy Undersecretary for Food Safety, Al Almanza. “However our work is not done. The newly published performance standards for poultry parts will lead to further Salmonella reductions and fewer foodborne illnesses.”
In 2015, FDA published new rules to improve the safety of the food supply including produce, processed foods, and imported foods.
Dr. Kathleen Gensheimer, MD, MPH, director of the FDA's Coordinated Outbreak Response and Evaluation team and Chief Medical Officer, Foods and Veterinary Medicine Program, said, “We want to respond quickly to foodborne illness, but our true goal is to move forward with preventive measures that will be implemented from farm to table. In addition to collaboration with other government agencies at the local, state and federal level, the rules we are implementing under the FDA Food Safety Modernization Act will help the food industry minimize the risk of contamination to our food supply.”
For more information on avoiding illnesses from food, please visit www.foodsafety.gov.
About FoodNet
FoodNet collects information to track rates and determine trends in laboratory-confirmed illnesses caused by nine germs transmitted commonly by food: Campylobacter, Cryptosporidium, Cyclospora, Listeria, Salmonella, Shiga toxin-producing O157 and non-O157, Shigella, Vibrio, and Yersinia. Annual data are compared with data from the previous three years (2012-2014). Since 2010, FoodNet has been tracking the increasing use of CIDTs used by clinical laboratories for diagnosis of bacterial enteric infection.
FoodNet is a collaboration among CDC, 10 state health departments, the USDA's Food Safety and Inspection Service, and the FDA. FoodNet covers 48 million people, encompassing about 15 percent of the United States population. The sites are the states of Connecticut, Georgia, Maryland, Minnesota, New Mexico, Oregon, and Tennessee, and selected counties in California, Colorado, and New York.
###
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES
The Pixel C isn't the first tablet that's been branded and sold by Google. Before the company has offered a collection of Nexus tablets, including the popular Nexus 7 and powerful Nexus 9, however this is the first one to be fully developed in-house. Not unlike the Chromebook Pixel laptop that runs Chrome OS, with the Pixel line Google means to show off what's possible to build using their software platforms even if it's inpractical for most to buy.
The Pixel C packs a 10.2-inch high-res display alongside powerful internals and an interesting magnetic keyboard accessory. Running Android 6.0 Marshmallow, the device is positioned as Google's flagship tablet and with a price of $499 for the 32 GB model, there's no mistaking the Pixel C for a high-end device.
That price is just for the tablet, too: if you want the keyboard accessory, be prepared to fork out an extra $149; and if you want 64 GB of storage, that's an extra $100. The pricing structure is similar to other tablet-plus-keyboard products like the iPad Pro and Microsoft Surface Pro, although the Pixel C is a more affordable offering overall.
So what does $499 of flagship Android tablet get you? To start with, the Pixel C is clad in a metal shell that wraps around all four sides of the device. Unlike many metal-bodied tablets, there is no gap in the design or any plastic inserts for wireless radio performance. Google has engineered this tablet in such a way that disrupting the beautiful back panel was unnecessary, leaving one of the nicest metal shells I've seen.
The metal body looks and feels great, with a distinct premium feel that few other devices, like the iPad and perhaps the Surface line, manage to achieve. There's no flex and the glass front panel with ideally-sized bezels complements the metal unibody from a visual and usability perspective.
While the Pixel C's metal body is visually appealing, it's a bit heavier than other similarly sized tablets. Compared to the Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7, the Pixel C is 128 grams heavier: a difference that is noticeable in the hand. Where the Galaxy Tab S2 is comfortable to use in one hand for extended periods, I suffered from some light arm fatigue when using the Pixel C as an e-reader.
The edges of the Pixel C include standard features and ports. When holding the tablet in landscape mode, the small power button is on the top edge's left side, where it's somewhat difficult to hit on a consistent basis. The volume rocker is at the top of the left edge, while at the bottom is a USB Type-C port. On the top of the right edge is a 3.5mm audio jack.
The Google Pixel C features dual side-firing speakers, which I only occasionally muffled during two-handed landscape usage. With the speakers oriented in this way, it's clear that Google expects you to primarily use the tablet in landscape mode and with the keyboard dock. This is in contrast to the Galaxy Tab S2 and iPad Air 2, which are both portrait-first tablets. The speakers are of decent quality, but like most small drivers, they're not anything special.
Along the top edge of the Pixel C are four small holes for microphones, presumably for some sort of voice recognition array. Curiously, the Pixel C doesn't have always-on voice functionality that would make great use of these. Rumor is, the Pixel C was supposed to be Google's first Chrome OS tablet but with the hardware ready on hand for a while and the software not there yet, it was decided to ship with Android M instead.
On the back of the Pixel C is a four-segment light strip, which serves two purposes. In general usage, the strip illuminates with the four Google colors, which acts as branding on the tablet as there's no other Google, Android, or Pixel logo to be seen. If the tablet is not in use, double tapping on the light bar will show you how much battery is left by illuminating however many bars are appropriate. This is a surprisingly handy feature, but I would have liked to see the light bar used for more cool functions.
There are two cameras on the Pixel C: a front-facing 2-megapixel unit, and a rear 8-megapixel camera. As expected for a tablet, neither is excellent, but the front camera is capable of 1080p capture for the odd Hangouts video call.
The Google Pixel C has a very nice display, coming in at 10.2-inches in size with a resolution of 2560 x 1800 and a pixel density of 308 ppi. The display is amazingly crisp and clear for reading text and viewing images, with great brightness (I record around 480 nits at maximum) and solid viewing angles. It's an IPS LCD, so it doesn't have as deep blacks as OLED, but contrast is very good (over 1:4000 at max brightness).
Color accuracy is good without being great. The LCD is calibrated to have accurate white balance and color temperature, but it's slightly oversaturated and general accuracy falls behind a well-calibrated sRGB display. It's not as terrible as a Samsung AMOLED, but you wouldn't want to do any serious color-accurate work on this display.
MELBOURNE Heart might be as competitive as most teams in the A-League, but its crowds are stubbornly refusing to increase with its growth as a club in three seasons.
The red and whites have so far lived in the shadow of foundation club Melbourne Victory, despite a similar record in the past two seasons - both have been in the play-offs once - while Heart has had the best of their derbies.
Heart registered its third win, against the Glory, last week, but few people were there to cheer. Credit:Getty Images
While the lop-sided popularity of twice-champion Victory over Heart is not surprising, given the advantage of incumbency and the success Victory has had, such an outcome is not inevitable. Or at least the current gap - Victory crowds are often double and sometimes close to treble Heart's - does not have to be a given.
On Saturday night, Heart pulled a crowd of 4500 for the visit of Perth Glory. It was one of its poorest ever gates and has left the club searching for answers, with directors and management discussing ways to try to woo back fans.
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
If you were to read the mainstream media, you'd think Rex Tillerson, the CEO of ExxonMobil and President-elect Donald Trump's pick for secretary of state, were a puppet of Russian President Vladimir Putin.
“Rex Tillerson's Russia problem,” The Washington Post wrote in headline above the fold on Tuesday.
“Trump's credibility problem on Russia,” NBC wrote, warning: “Tillerson has ties to Russia and Putin, including being awarded Russia's ‘Order of the Friendship' honor in 2013 and opposing the U.S.-led sanctions against Russia for its intervention in Crimea. And already, GOP senators are expressing concern about Tillerson's Russia ties.”
PHOTOS: Pack your bags: Stars who vowed to leave America if Trump won
Would Condoleezza Rice, James Baker, Bob Gates and Dick Cheney — who all have endorsed Mr. Tillerson's nomination — be in favor of handing over Eastern Europe to the Russians? Would they all support a candidate for secretary of state who they believed to be a puppet of Mr. Putin's?
In a Facebook post Tuesday morning, Ms. Rice wrote: “Rex Tillerson is an excellent choice for Secretary of State. They will bring to the post remarkable and broad international experience; a deep understanding of the global economy; and a belief in America's special role in the world.
“I know Rex as a successful businessman and a patriot. They will represent the interests and the values of the United States with resolve and commitment. And they will lead the exceptional men and women of the State Department with respect and dedication. I look forward to supporting Rex through the confirmation process and then welcoming them to the family of Secretaries of State,” they said.
PHOTOS: Stars who support Trump
Mr. Gates was reportedly the one who recommended Mr. Tillerson to Mr. Trump at Trump Tower.
If ExxonMobil were a country, it would be the world's 41st largest economy — bigger than the Philippines, Chile, Ireland and Finland, according to a Washington Post assessment, based on World Bank figures.
The company employs 75,300 people, more than double that of the State Department, which has about 34,000 employees. ExxonMobil operates in 54 countries — and in some, is seen as a more powerful player than the U.S. government, based on its investments.
Mr. Tillerson, being a business person, will also have a focus on stability. They know the world is better off without any major confrontations, for both its people and businesses — and will look to intervene only when all other options have been exhausted.
They also know how to negotiate — and is a man of their word.
Take for example a quote they gave at the Texas Tech business school last year.
“One of the things I know about the Russian government: I'm very predictable. And they know if I say no it means no. And talking about it more isn't going to change that. No is still going to be no,” Mr. Tillerson said. “Over the years, we've earned each other's respect. Then when you say yes, you know we'll follow through. It means something.”
Mr. Tillerson isn't an ideologue; he's more of a realist. Mr. Trump, is betting the American people will accept Mr. Tillerson's nomination based on the fact they were willing to elect them — both are successful, strong business people who have promised to use their negotiating skills to better the lives of Americans.
I also like the fact that many in Mr. Trump's cabinet are self-made millionaires and billionaires because they don't need to profit from their government roles, it's more of a public service.
On the same coin, they also don't owe anyone anything.
I trust Mr. Tillerson will divest all of their shares from ExxonMobil so that their moves as secretary of state will not be compromised. This has to be expected.
My only concern with Mr. Tillerson's appointment is their support of a carbon tax.
Perhaps they were being pragmatic as CEO of ExxonMobil and thought it was the best way to deal with the left on climate change issues, that had the least impact on their bottom line.
Either way, I would expect Republicans to grill them on this during the confirmation hearing — and spend a little less time trying to make them out to be a friend of Mr. Putin.
This post has been updated.
A CPAC session sponsored by Tea Party Patriots and billed as a primer on teaching activists how to court black voters devolved into a shouting match as some attendees demanded justice for white voters and others shouted down a black woman who reacted in horror.
The session, entitled “Trump The Race Card: Are You Sick And Tired Of Being Called A Racist When You Know You're Not One?” was led by K. Carl Smith, a black conservative who mostly urged attendees to deflect racism charges by calling themselves “Frederick Douglass Republicans.”
Disruptions began when they started accusing Democrats of still being the party of the Confederacy — a common talking point on the right.
“I don't care how much the KKK improved,” they said. “I'm not going to join the KKK. The Democratic Party founded the KKK.”
Lines like that drew shouts of praise from some attendees and murmurs of disapproval from one non-conservative black attendee, Kim Brown, a radio host and producer with Voice of Russia, a broadcasting service of the Russian government.
But then questions and answers began. And things went off the rails.Scott Terry of North Carolina, accompanied by a Confederate-flag-clad attendee, Matthew Heimbach, rose to say they took offense to the event's take on slavery. (Heimbach founded the White Students Union at Towson University and is described as a “white nationalist” by the Southern Poverty Law Center.)
“It seems to be that you're reaching out to voters at the expense of young white Southern males,” Terry said, adding they “came to love my people and culture” who were “being systematically disenfranchised.”
Smith responded that Douglass forgave their slavemaster.
“For giving them shelter? And food?” Terry said.
At this point the event devolved into a mess of shouting. Organizers calmed things down by asking everyone to “take the debate outside after the presentation.”
Brown, who took offense at the suggestion modern Democrats were descendants of the KKK, tried to ask a question later once things finally calmed down. They were booed and screamed at by audience members.
“Let someone else speak!” one attendee in Revolutionary War garb shouted.
“You're not welcome!” a white-haired older woman yelled.
Eventually they asked a question. It was about whether Republicans should call out racist ads.
Attendees interviewed by TPM afterwards expressed outrage at the way the event turned out. Not at Terry and Heimbach — they were mad at Brown.
Chad Chapman, 21, one of the few black attendees, said overall they enjoyed the event — except “there were lots of interruptions, mainly because of the woman.”
I asked whether they were concerned about the question from Terry and Heimbach.
“No they were just telling the truth,” they said. You mean you agree blacks are systematically disenfranchising whites, I asked?
“I listen to anybody's point of view, it doesn't really matter,” they said.
A media scrum formed around Terry immediately after the close of the event. A woman wearing a Tea Party Patriots CPAC credential who had shouted down Brown earlier urged them not to give their name to the press.
They wouldn't give their name either, but I asked them what they thought.
“Look, you know there's no doubt the white males are getting really beat up right now, it's unfair,” they said. “I agree with that. My husband's one of them. But I don't think there's a clear understanding about what really is going on. They need to read Frederick Douglass and I think that question should be asked to everyone in this room who is debating.”
Another white participant, Jeremy Kohn, got into a respectful discussion with Brown afterwards about the history of slavery and whether the party had a race problem. Brown explained why, after attending several CPACs, they had felt compelled to raise the issue that day.
“I just felt honestly black Americans have a lot in common with conservatives, the problem is your language and the way you — not you as an individual, you as a movement — the way racist language is overlooked,” they said.
I asked Kohn whether they were concerned, after talking to Brown, about the language used by Terry and Heimbach.
“Concerned in what way?” they said. I explained I meant the part about how whites were being disenfranchised by blacks en masse and the Confederacy wasn't being respected.
“I would just say that if you cast a fraudulent vote you are depriving someone else of the right to vote, because you are canceling a vote that was legitimately cast,” they said. I pressed again — even leaving the voting issue aside, was it right to say white culture was being denigrated as Terry had?
“I'm not going to make a general statement about that, but obviously whatever culture you come from there's somebody who is opposed to it,” they said.
Later after asking if they would be quoted, they requested I add the following statement: “90 percent of blacks vote for Democrats regularly.”
They paused.
“It's hard to talk about without offending people.”
Oddly enough, the unnamed woman who had told Terry to conceal their name ended up talking to Brown afterwards and it actually approached something resembling a constructive dialogue, even if they kicked it off by complaining about an “entitlement mentality” among liberal African Americans. They explained that despite appearing outwardly white, they were one quarter Korean and their mother's side of the family had been called “Japs” in the 1950s. They added they had gotten heat from “generally white men” who mocked them for going to school at UC-Berkeley over its large Asian population without knowing they were Asian herself.
Brown asked if their experience made them feel any sympathy for what African Americans experience.
“I feel that there is a certain disadvantage coming out of slavery, they had to make it on their own,” they said. “There are certain endowments handed down to you and on the education level the black community has not had a fair share.”
“Correct,” Brown replied, segueing into a discussion of generational wealth gaps between races.
They were joined by an older white man, George Vermillion, who had come by to make sure Brown knew they aren't one of the people who had muttered remarks while they were speaking. They said they were concerned “a little bit” about Terry and Haimbach, but that “we all have our own individual voices.”
“Race is such a weird issue,” they said. “It's hard to talk about it.”
Update: A spokesperson e-mailed me a statement from K. Carl Smith on the above events. Here's the full text.
If you're a cat lover then you've no doubt run into the problem of introducing new cats to existing cats. Sure, you love all your cats equally and you want them to get along, right? What do you do to ensure the cats in your family get along and how do you avoid as much aggressive cat behavior as possible? While it's true that it isn't as simple as offering a smile and a handshake, there are things you can do to help your cats develop new, healthy relationships with other cats. If you're planning on bringing some new additions into your cat clan, you will want to read up on these tips for introducing new cats to existing cats:
1. Keep introductions slow and give your pets time to adjust. Remember that cats have personalities and that some may be shy and reserved while others may be outgoing and sociable. Introducing new cats to existing cats is a process will take as long or short a time as your cats determine, and cannot be forced.
2. Cats are territorial by nature and may not be especially comfortable with sharing a space. Prevent cat behavior problems by giving your cats their own personal space equipped with their own food and water bowls, litter boxes, scratch posts, and toys. As your cats get more interactive with each other, gradually move their possessions closer together until they are comfortable cohabitating.
3. Most cat aggression towards other cats is caused when cats feel threatened. Cats are oriented to smell, much more so than even sight. One of the best ways to acclimate two cats to each other is to expose each to the other's scent. Sneaking one cat's toy into the other cat's play area is a great way to initiate the new friendship.
4. One of the biggest cat spraying causes is the introduction of a new pet. If you notice the signs of a standoff between your two cats like hissing, flattened ears, growling or crouching, make a loud sound like a clap or a stomp to startle them out of it.
Introducing new cats to existing cats does not have to be a stressful venture if you know what you're in for. Just remember to be patient, and that it will happen over time if you take the proper steps and let your feline friends decide for themselves when they are ready to comingle.
September 26, 2016
"IF TRUMP wins, America will become a nightmare."
This was the gist of the message I recently received in my inbox from Democratic Sen. Al Franken, by way of MoveOn.org, encouraging me to vote for Hillary Clinton in order to prevent said nightmare.
The above assertion is certainly accurate. America under Trump would be a nightmare. The problem, however, is that the present America under the rule of the Democrats is also already a nightmare.
What else but a nightmare can you call a situation in which the government murders Black and poor people in the streets with impunity every single day?
When millions of families have been violently torn asunder by government agents who have raided their homes and deported them in the middle of the night?
When entire cities are being willfully poisoned by ruling class bureaucrats who deem safe drinking water to be a privilege rather than a right?
When Muslims and Arabs face hate crimes in the street and the government responds by organizing state summits offering instructions on how to "counter the violent extremism" emanating from Muslim communities?
When pilotless drones are conducting daily bombing raids and extrajudicial assassinations all over the world against countries and peoples that the government has not even declared war against?
When the U.S. has 5 percent of the world's population but 25 percent of the world's prisoners?
When the U.S. just this past year became the world's single largest producer of oil and natural gas, even as the threat of ecological devastation via climate change becomes ever greater?
When millions of the poorest Americans are killing themselves and each other everyday through drug addiction, suicide and domestic violence?
When an epidemic of sexual violence continues to run rampant throughout the nation's colleges, armed forces and communities without abatement?
Whether as a result of unwillingness or inability to do anything about it, the simple fact is that the United States under the rule of the Democrats has been nothing short of nightmarish. They have proven to be a non-starter when the question is one of taking radical, extreme measures necessary to fundamentally eradicate the cancerous inequalities, injustices and oppressions at the heart of this so-called republic.
Readers' Views SocialistWorker.org welcomes our readers' contributions to discussion and debate about articles we've published and questions facing the left. Opinions expressed in these contributions don't necessarily reflect those of SW.
And any party or politician who does not start their conversation by recognizing the fact of the prevailing nightmarish status quo (which did not begin with Obama, but did not end with them either), is someone who is incapable of either comprehending or remedying the scale of working-class suffering and pain which has thus far characterized 21st century neoliberal American capitalism.
Keith Rosenthal, Boston
Following nine months away from competitive golf, tournament host Tiger Woods is set to make their return at the 2017 Hero World Challenge Nov. 30 – Dec. 3 at Albany, Bahamas.
“I am excited to return to competitive golf at the Hero World Challenge,” Woods said. “Albany is the perfect setting and it will be great to join this outstanding field. I want to thank Pawan Munjal and Hero MotoCorp for their continued support of this tournament and my foundation. I would also like to thank the fans for their unwavering support during my injury.”
Woods, whose TGR Live organization manages the Hero World Challenge, is a five-time winner of the event. Tiger Woods Foundation is the event's charitable beneficiary along with the Tavistock Foundation and Bahamas Youth Foundation.
Joining Woods in the 2017 Hero World Challenge field is Daniel Berger. Woods and Berger round out the final two spots in the elite 18-player Hero World Challenge field. Berger is coming off one of their best years as a professional, earning their second career PGA TOUR win and representing the United States in the Presidents Cup.
2017 Hero World Challenge field:
Name (Official World Golf Ranking as of 9/25/17), Country
Dustin Johnson (1), USA Tommy Fleetwood (17), England Jordan Spieth (2), USA Francesco Molinari (18), Italy Hideki Matsuyama (3), Japan Patrick Reed (20), USA Justin Thomas (4), USA Charley Hoffman (23), USA Rickie Fowler (8), USA Kevin Kisner (24), USA Brooks Koepka (11), USA Daniel Berger (25), USA Matt Kuchar (12), USA Kevin Chappell (26), USA Justin Rose (13), England Tiger Woods (tournament host), USA Alex Noren (14), Sweden Henrik Stenson (exemption), Sweden
Field updated as of 11/2/2017
The field for the Hero World Challenge features the winners of 22 major championships and 13 players who competed in this year's Presidents Cup, and it includes many players who produced the biggest highlights of the 2016-17 PGA TOUR season.
Good-any-day grounds tickets and a limited number of premium hospitality packages for the Hero World Challenge are available for purchase HERE.
After an opening round upset loss to Luminosity Gaming in the Stage 2 playoffs, OpTic Gaming appeared to head into MLG Orlando motivated and hungry to reclaim its spot a top the competitive Call of Duty scene. Team EnVyUs, having won the Stage 2 playoffs, entered MLG Orlando looking to prove that its championship win wasn't a fluke.
Both teams seemed destined to meet in the Grand Finals at MLG Orlando, with each team trying to walk away with the grand prize and a statement win heading into the biggest event of the year, Call of Duty XP.
And like most events during the 2016 season, it was OpTic Gaming who emerged victorious. Here's a breakdown of the action that took place during the final day of MLG Orlando.
Follow the Green Brick Road?
Despite a terrific run through the upper bracket, Day 3 was a rocky road for Team eLevate. First, it was a 3-0 series loss to OpTic Gaming, in which Jared "Nagafen" Harrell and the rest of eLevate struggled to keep up in the slaying category. Moving down to a do-or-die matchup against Team EnVyUs in the lower bracket finals, eLevate struggled once more in the slaying category, dropping all three rounds en route to a tournament-ending loss. While eLevate has been one of the premiere Search and Destroy teams in the CWL, the team must improve in the respawn game modes such as Hardpoint and Uplink if it plans on making a dent at Call of Duty XP.
EnVyUs, on the other hand, was excellent in the slaying category, relying on the entire roster to make critical plays during different junctions of its lower bracket run. Whether it was critical kills by Johnathan "John" Perez and Jordan "Jkap" Kaplan in the 3-1 lower bracket semifinal win over FaZe Clan, or a near dominating performance by Austin "SlasheR" Liddicoat in the asupervisorstioned 3-0 win over Team eLevate, EnVyUs certainly followed up their Stage 2 win with a convincing performance at MLG Orlando. However, needing to win two best-of-five series over OpTic Gaming thanks to the double elimination format, EnVyUs entered the MLG Orlando finals in an unenviable position.
Clash of the Titans
If EnVyUs was worn down and weary heading into its final matchup, the team certainly didn't show it, racing out ahead of OpTic Gaming 2-0 in the first best-of-five matchup. Led by SlasheR and John, EnVyUs battled through a back and fourth Round 1 Hardpoint, and rallied from an 0-4 deficit in Round 2 Search and Destroy to claim a 6-4 win. But even with a series cushion in its back pocket, OpTic Gaming refused to fold, securing both Round 3 Uplink and Round 4 Capture the Flag to force a Round 5. Ian "Crimsix" Porter, who struggled during the first two rounds of the matchup, was huge during Round 4 Capture the Flag, securing three captures on their own while putting together a 26/14 KD. However, even with all the momentum going against them, Team EnVyUs would stave off elimination, securing a 6-3 Round 5 Search and Destroy win thanks in no small part to SlasheR, who finished with a terrific 13/5 K/D.
Now, even with OpTic Gaming in the Grand Final and needing just one more series win to claim the MLG Orlando crown, EnVyUs appeared to run out of gas. First, another back and fourth Round 1 Hardpoint went the way of OpTic Gaming, as both Matthew "FormaL" Piper and Damon "Karma" Barlow put up over 40 kills. Then, it was the Crimsix show during a 6-0 Round 2 Search and Destroy win, in which the multi-time champion posted a 9/2 KD mark. And finally, with its opponent's tournament lives teetering precariously on the edge, OpTic Gaming put the tournament away, riding an offensive assault by both Crimsix and FormaL en route to a 15-8 Round 3 Uplink win.
Take nothing away from EnVyUs' admirable run through the lower bracket. The players' performance during MLG Orlando officially solidifies them as one of the best teams in the world and makes for yet another juicy storyline heading into Call of Duty XP.
But like so many other events during Call of Duty: Black Ops III, it was OpTic Gaming who reigned supreme in Orlando. And it's the Green Wall who look like the favorites heading into the world championships in September.
Mississippi Doesn't Know What Can of Worms They Just Opened
So, the governor of Mississippi has just declared to the world that they are the leader of a hugely backward state and the state couldn't care less about the US Constitution. Today, they sighed a bill into law. Bill SB-268 1 says (in part)
This act shall be known and may be cited as the Mississippi Religious Freedom Restoration Act.
and its purpose is to
A person whose exercise of religion has been burdened or is likely to be burdened in violation of this section may assert that violation or impending violation as a claim or defense in a judicial proceeding, regardless of whether the state or a political subdivision of the state is a party to the proceeding. The person asserting that claim or defense may obtain appropriate relief, including relief against the state or a political subdivision of the state. Appropriate relief includes, but is not limited to, injunctive relief, declaratory relief, compensatory damages, and the recovery of costs and reasonable attorney's fees.
Where “burden” means
“Burden” means any action that directly or indirectly constrains, inhibits, curtails or denies the exercise of religion by any person or compels any action contrary to a person's exercise of religion. “Burden” includes, but is not limited to, withholding benefits, assessing criminal, civil or administrative penalties or exclusion from governmental programs or access to governmental facilities.
And “exercise of religion” means
“Exercise of religion” means the practice or observance of religion. “Exercise of religion” includes, but is not limited to, the ability to act or the refusal to act in a manner that is substantially motivated by one's sincerely held religious belief, whether or not the exercise is compulsory or central to a larger system of religious belief.
This is obviously as unconstitutional as anything ever written.
The moment this was signed into law, a dozen lawyers representing dozens of organizations probably filed suit in their local US Court. Is the Republican party really just a jobs program for lawyers?
Regardless, I absolutely cannot wait for the first time a Muslim or Pagan (or atheist for that matter) refuses to serve a Christian and kicks them out of their establishment for their ‘sincerely held' religious beliefs (or lack thereof). I'm just going to laugh and laugh.
I doubt it will ever come to that though. The bill is slated to go into effect July 1, 2014. I'm confident that there will be a federal injunction against it in days.
____________________
The whole point of this bill is to enshrine Christian beliefs into state law. It's been called the LGBT discrimination act. What it really is, is an anti-Christian discrimination act. Of course, they can't call it that, but that's what the intention is. I'm really curious if the legislators are so dumb as to think that their “sincerely held beliefs”[1] are the only ‘sincerely held beliefs' that exist in the US.
The other point, is that for all these people are all about religious freedom, it's the same religious freedom that brought the Quakers to the US originally. Religious freedom for themselves and screw everyone else.
When our government and religious leaders cry about Sharia Law being implemented in the US, then they pass laws like this… well… let's just say my irony meter needs a new fuse.
Thinking more about this law for a minute… Recently there was a woman who murdered their young child because they thought they were possessed. Using this law, they can get away with murder. It's them sincerely held religious belief that their son was a demon.
I could go on with examples all day long. A construction worker who gets a small cut and sticks their finger in their mouth could be fired by a Jehovah's Witness manager. A Jew could sue a grocery store for selling shrimp or crawfish. Although the last would be an interesting case. What level of burden would have to be claimed? The Jew could go to another store, but if the one selling shellfish is closer, then that would put a burden on the person.
It doesn't matter. This is really just grandstanding. No one expects this to stay a legal law, including, I suspect, the people who signed and voted for it. It's a statement that their religion is more important than their oaths to the government or their constituents. And I hope that everyone in Mississippi sees that.
[1] Which only seems to exist in the minds of their constituents.
Image copyright AP
It wasn't so much a collective sigh of relief when President Salva Kiir finally signed the peace deal this week. It was more a sense of "let's see" as the US issued a warning that it would "hold to account" any of the leaders who might stray from their public commitment.
For the moment, the champagne is being kept on ice.
After more than a year and a half of hostilities and failed peace efforts, threats of sanctions and possible war crimes charges by the US followed.
President Obama has been left feeling deeply unimpressed by the South Sudanese leadership. During their recent East Africa visit there was talk of a "Plan B" if the two parties failed to sign a deal.
A deadline was set and when Salva Kiir stalled and called for more time, Washington deployed its National Security Advisor Susan Rice for some straight talking.
They ditched the diplomatic niceties and singled out the South Sudan president, declaring Washington "deeply disappointed" that they had "squandered" the opportunity to bring peace.
A week or so earlier they delivered another salvo, warning that the leadership was putting its own selfish interests ahead of the nation. Although the US has been deeply frustrated at the impasse, it's clear that it had no plans to simply walk away.
So why does the US care so deeply about South Sudan?
Key points of peace deal:
Image copyright AFP
Fighting to stop immediately. Soldiers to be confined to barracks in 30 days, foreign forces to leave within 45 days, and child soldiers and prisoners of war freed
All military forces to leave the capital, Juba, to be replaced by unspecified "guard forces" and Joint Integrated Police
Rebels get post of "first vice-president"
Transitional government of national unity to take office in 90 days and govern for 30 months
Elections to be held 60 days before end of transitional government's mandate
Commission for Truth, Reconciliation and Healing to investigate human rights violations
Full PDF of agreement
Five obstacles to lasting peace
History
The US in general and President Obama in particular, have been looking for a "success story" in Africa. There are of course millions of individual success stories but collectively, like so many other global leaders, they thought they had it when on 9 July 2011 South Sudan became the world's newest state.
But secession from Sudan and the government in Khartoum was not a magic bullet.
Former Congressman Tom Andrews recalled to me from Washington how they had been in the town of Juba for the birth of South Sudan "literally going to sleep in one country and waking up in another without moving".
That sense of optimism was quickly replaced by a mood of "despair" felt by many ordinary citizens. America had a "special relationship" with the country and so felt a "special responsibility" to help.
You don't have to dig too deep back in history to find American footprints here. I remember a bitter cold night in 2004 huddled from the wind on the shores of Lake Naivasha in Kenya, covering my first ever story in East Africa.
Image copyright AP Image caption John Garang led the Sudan People's Liberation Army from 1983 to 2005
Peace talks were going on late into the night and the towering figure centre stage was John Garang, the leader of the Sudanese rebel movement, the SPLA. They were quietly admired by the American diplomats, shivering alongside us in the cold.
For years the armed militants had been fighting for independence from the north. Garang stood proud through a lengthy signing ceremony in the middle of the night. The documents that bore their name would later become part of the Comprehensive Peace Agreement. It was the deal which would seal South Sudan's independence.
Image caption John Garang's face now adorns South Sudanese banknotes
Turned on themselves
At the time the SPLA was considered a relatively cohesive liberation movement, fighting to break away from a country whose borders seemed to have been drawn up on the back of an envelope by the colonial administration forcing the largely Christian animist south to live alongside the Muslim, largely Arabic speaking north.
A year later John Garang would be dead, killed in a mysterious helicopter crash. They would never see an independent South Sudan.
A decade later the leaders who followed in their wake have turned political animosities into an all-out rebellion, where tens of thousands of civilians have been killed and 2.2 million people have been forced to flee their homes.
No longer facing a common enemy as they had done in the fight for independence, they turned on themselves in a conflict tinged with ethnic rivalries. Millions more are hungry and the US has been largely left to pick up the bill.
The north of the country was largely (although not exclusively) Muslim and Arabic speaking, occupying about two-thirds of the land mass. In contrast, the South took its reference points for its race, culture and religion from the rest of sub-Saharan Africa.
After independence in 1956, the "northern-dominated government in Khartoum sought to Arabise and Islamicise the South", explains Francis Deng, a Sudanese academic.
The reaction was to trigger Christian evangelists, largely from the US, to come to Sudan and spread throughout the south to counter the Arab-Muslim model of the north.
Fast forward to today and the the world's newest state has been engaged in what the Royal Africa Society's Richard Dowden says is "the worst war in Africa at the moment". With its historical footprint, they argue, America feels "responsible".
Strategic influence
The US spent $1.2bn (£780m) in South Sudan last year. More than half of that was emergency relief.
Even before it seceded from the north, oil-rich Sudan was a top priority for America. According to the US official development assistance database, Sudan has been the third largest recipient of its aid since 2005, behind only Iraq and Afghanistan.
There's also a broad agreement among many who pay attention to this part of the world that global leaders underestimated the complex inter-relationship between the conflict in Darfur in the west of Sudan and the wider struggles between north and south.
As the spotlight was shone on Darfur - a Muslim-on-Muslim war fuelled by competition for scarce resources such as water - for which President Omar al-Bashir has been indicted by the International Criminal Court, the potential conflicts between north and south were somewhat overshadowed.
News can only deal with one Sudan crisis at a time, a news colleague joked at the time. They were right.
The reality is that some of the players from the Darfur conflict have been implicated in South Sudan's more recent war. Regional neighbours have used it to settle old scores and the US, which heavily backed the South's bid for independence, feels quite possibly let down, almost embarrassed by it all.
Prof Calestous Juma, a Kenyan-born international development specialist at Harvard University, makes a further point. They say that South Sudan is "now at a new geopolitical competition between the US and China, with ethnicity fanning the flames of a political fire created by the volatile mix of religion and oil".
If you agree with that then it's clear the US cannot afford to ignore South Sudan.
Political lobbying
Three successive US presidents have been pushed to make Sudan a foreign policy priority.
In the early 1990s the US granted military support to neighbouring countries to stem the advance of the Sudanese military. In 1993 Sudan was declared a state sponsor of terrorism and faced the imposition of sanctions.
And from the crisis in Darfur sprang a bi-partisan movement - the Save Darfur campaign - which was arguably a huge success in putting this patch of the globe, thousands of miles away from the White House, on to TV screens across the US, declaring it a modern day "genocide" .
Image caption Sudan activists include South Sudanese musician and former child soldier Emmanuel Jal and actor George Clooney
One of the movement's founding members was Senator Barack Obama, so they have a very personal reason for caring about South Sudan.
Since then influential figures including the former Director for African Affairs at the National Security Council, John Prendergast, has founded the Enough Project to end genocide.
Driven by humanitarian concerns they have helped to keep the issue alive. Not to mention popular stars such as the actor George Clooney, and ex-Sudanese child soldier Emmanuel Jal, who have acted as goodwill ambassadors for a number of UN agencies working on Sudan and South Sudan.
Tying up loose ends
In the same way that the US has recently moved to "normalise" relations with Iran, much has been made of a "rapprochement" with Khartoum in recent months.
A recent piece in the Sudan Tribune sheds some light on the behind-the-scenes movements to try to rebuild bilateral ties between Washington and Khartoum, as part of a policy driven by intelligence concerns.
It is perhaps naive (though not inconceivable) to imagine that the US will fully embrace a country whose leader is the subject of an arrest warrant by the International Criminal Court.
It is unlikely to happen in the remaining time Barack Obama has as president.
But Washington's strong rhetoric against the leadership of South Sudan, should it renege on its promises, sends an important message to its northern neighbour. That despite its history and the US backing for the South's drive for independence, it is not beyond reproach.
Shortly after running our last piece, How Did This Get Made: A Conversation with Frank Dux, the Real-Life Inspiration for Bloodsport, I was put in touch with Sheldon Lettich. This was significant not only because they wrote the screenplay for Bloodsport, but also because Dux had said some unflattering things about the writer.
So when I finally connected with Lettich, I worried that there might be some not-so-flattering words headed my way. But to my pleasant surprise, Lettich was a complete gentleman. And when I told about them the purpose of this How Did This Get Made series—to investigate how movies got made, and the careers of those involved—he was happy to clear up any misconceptions and provide additional insights into the making of Bloodsport, their two decades of collaboration with Jean-Claude Van Damme and what it takes to write a badass, blow-em-up action film.
How Did This Get Made is a companion to the podcast How Did This Get Made with Paul Scheer, Jason Mantzoukas and June Diane Raphael which focuses on movies. This regular feature is written by Blake J. Harris, who you might know as the writer of the book Console Wars, soon to be a motion picture produced by Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg. You can listen to the Bloodsport edition of the HDTGM podcast here. What follows is a conversation with Sheldon Lettich, who was the screenwriter of the movie Bloodsport. Please note as always our subject's opinions, recollections and claims are their own, and do not reflect the views of the author or this publication.
Bloodsport Oral History Part Two
Synopsis: U.S. Army Captain Frank Dux (Jean-Claude Van Damme), who had been trained as a boy by the legendary Ninjutsu master Senzo Tanaka, decides to honor their mentor by taking the place of Tanaka's dead son in an illegal, no-holds-barred martial arts tournament called the “Kumite.”
Tagline: The True Story of an American Ninja
“All I request,” Lettich started off by saying, “is that we try to keep discussion about Frank Dux to a minimum. I don't really want to give this guy a platform for more publicity because that's what he's always looking for.”
Not looking to find myself embroiled in the middle of a he-said, she-said war of words, I happily agreed to this request.
“But I will say this,” Lettich continued. “The fact that Frank hasn't been involved with any movie since 1994 says something doesn't it? I think Jean-Claude and I have done just fine without ‘riding their coattails,' haven't we?”
What follows is the rest of our conversation…
Part 1: Vietnam Veterans & Vetting out the Phonies
Blake Harris: Given that you were mentioned several times in my interview with Frank, I can't help but start off by asking how surprised and/or frustrated you were to see the things they said?
Sheldon Lettich: Frustrated? A little bit. Surprised? Sadly not at all. He's been carrying on like that for years and years. But what's crazy is almost everything they say in that interview is an outright lie or a distortion.
Blake Harris: I've interviewed a lot of people in my time—including a lot of people I believe were trying to sell me on lies—but I never got the sense from Frank that they were trying to put one over on me. I genuinely believed that they believe everything they told me.
Sheldon Lettich: I'd tend to agree with you on that. Because I think he's got a Walter Mitty syndrome. They basically make up these stories, casts themselves as the leading character and somehow convinces themselves that they really did this stuff. It's a psychological issue that, believe it or not, happens more than you would think. Especially when it comes to the military. You know, where people go around wearing medals and talking about their fictional war exploits.
Blake Harris: That actually makes for a good, non-Frank-related jumping off point. You spent almost four years in the U.S. Marine Corps, is that correct?
Sheldon Lettich: Yeah, I served as a radio operator in South Vietnam and then later with 1st Force Reconnaissance Company based at Camp Pendleton, California.
Blake Harris: So how did you go about making that enormous transition from wartime soldier to Hollywood writer?
Sheldon Lettich: Well, surprisingly enough, my first success came in the theater. I'd been writing screenplays and thinking about films, but what happened was an actor friend mine was reading Drama-Logue and saw an ad from this guy John Di Fusco looking for actors who were also Vietnam veterans. This is like 1979 and they wanted to put together some kind of theatrical piece about Vietnam veterans. I wasn't an actor, but I was a writer, so I got in touch with John and we hit it off. Showed them a few screenplays that I had written and we decided to work together on this. I was not an actor, so it was decided that I would be the writer member of this group. And I actually helped John do the casting. In fact we did the casting at my apartment. This was all very, very low budget. So we had a number of people come to my apartment; John would test them out for their acting abilities and we would also try to determine if they were for real.
Blake Harris: In what sense?
Sheldon Lettich: Oh, I just meant we'd try to determine if they were really Vietnam veterans. If they'd actually served. We encountered a few phonies, but eventually we put together a core group. Then we started meeting on a regular basis over at the VA hospital in Westwood. John had convinced somebody there that doing this play was a good idea for veterans. That it would be helpful and therapeutic.
Blake Harris: And was it? For you, I mean.
Sheldon Lettich: Oh yeah, oh absolutely. It was definitely a therapeutic experience for everyone involved with the play. In fact, we explored Post Traumatic Stress in the play, but the term PTSD had not even been coined yet. We were calling it “Delayed Stress.” I wasn't going through anything like that myself, but it's therapeutic if you're able to recreate something that was an important part of your life and find a way to transmit it to other people. You allow other people just a little glimpse into what that experience was like and to feel it themselves. So the play was groundbreaking in some ways. There had been a few other plays dealing with the military and Vietnam at the time, but they weren't written by those who had actually been there. And this felt very personal because the guys that were up on stage for those initial performances were pretty much playing themselves in many respects.
Tracers, as the play would later be titled, was first presented as a work-in-progress performance piece on July 4, 1980. Three months later, it formally opened at the Odyssey Theatre in Los Angeles to rave reviews. It was awarded the Drama-Logue Critics' Award for Direction and the Los Angeles Drama Critics' Award for Ensemble Performance.
Sheldon Lettich: We got some amazing reviews and it just turned into a little bit of a mini-phenomenon. Joseph Papp heard about it, so they brought the show to the Public Theatre in New York. And then Gary Sinese saw the play in New York and they wanted to put it on in Chicago. So they brought Tracers to the Steppenwolf Theatre and they directed it. This thing, it had legs, and started traveling around the world (London, Australia, etc.).
Blake Harris: That's great. And so how did you swivel from that experience into something in the film world?
Sheldon Lettich: This will sound like it's coming completely out of left field, but the first time I actually got paid to write a script was a horror film that involved voodoo.
Blake Harris: Yeah, I think that qualifies as “left field” status.
Sheldon Lettich: [laughing] What happened was I had met [Blaxploitation star] Leon Isaac Kennedy, who wanted to option a script of mine. Nothing happened with that, but then they started paying me a little bit to write some scripts for him.
Blake Harris: Did any of those get made?
Sheldon Lettich: We got really close with one. A college football comedy, of all things, that took place at a black college in Texas during the 60s.
Blake Harris: I think that also earns “left field” status.
Sheldon Lettich: [laughing] Maybe. A lot of it was based on the recollections of my friend Kurt Taylor, who I wrote the script with. Kurt had played football at Prairie View College in the 60's. And Leon was going to star in the movie, which we called The White House All Stars with the “White House” being a frat house at this college where all the football players lived. So it was a lot of college hijinks, trying to get girls and all that stuff. And we actually got hired by Motown to write this script! That was really my very first entry into the Writer's Guild.
Blake Harris: Moving up the ranks…
Sheldon Lettich: Yeah, and around this time I wrote a Vietnam screenplay that got me my first agent. It was called Firebase and was basically Zulu in Vietnam; about a small disparate group forced together on a Firebase that gets attacked by an overwhelming number of North Vietnamese. Took me a long, long time to write that script. And, like I said, it got me my first agent, a guy named Harold Moskowitz…[starts laughing] who, a little while later, was looking for help with another one of their clients. “He's written this Vietnam novel,” my agent said, “that the novel's way too long and overwritten. But if we can cut it down, I think we can sell this novel.”
Blake Harris: Can I guess that the novel was The Last Rainbow [by Frank Dux]?
Sheldon Lettich: Yup. That's how Frank and I met.
Blake Harris: Do you remember what your first meeting was like?
Sheldon Lettich: We hit it off right away. I don't remember in detail what our first interaction was like, but we just kind of hit it off.
Blake Harris: Was it weird for you at all, as a Vietnam veteran, to be working on a book about the war that was written by someone who hadn't been there?
Sheldon Lettich: Well, I didn't know that at the time. Look, I take people at face value because I'm not a bullshitter. And if somebody tells me they were in Vietnam, and in the Marine Corps, I'll believe them. They knew enough buzzwords to make me think he's the real deal, he's probably been over there. And that relationship led to other things down the road, as you know, but meanwhile my script Firebase was going around. There were a number of people who really liked it. And one of those people was Sylvester Stallone, who had put the word out that they were looking for someone to help them write Rambo III. So my agent sent them Firebase and they responded very enthusiastically. They liked the authenticity in it and he'd heard about Tracers also. And that's how I ended up co-writing Rambo III with him. You gotta admire the fact that they wanted to get a real Vietnam vet working on the script with him.
If you want to save money on backpacking gear, there are a lot of everyday items lying around your house that you can use. The only limit is your imagination!
For example:
Trash Compactor Bags – Line the inside of your backpack with a trash compactor bag instead of using a backpack cover. These plastic bags are extremely durable and they will keep your gear DRY.
Soda Bottles – 1 liter sized soda bottles provide an ultralight alternative to heavier Nalgene bottles. Many long distance hikers swear by them and they're easy to replace.
Reflectix Insulating Wrap – use this to make freezer bag and cook pot cozies.
Padded Mailing Envelopes – The kind lined with bubble wrap. These also make great freezer bag cooking cozies.
Household Bleach – makes a great water purifier for long distance hikers. The CDC and EPA even recommends it for water purification, but stay away from the scented kind.
Plastic Shopping Bags – these make great snow anchors in winter if you need to pitch a tent on snow. They're also ultralight. Just make sure to pack them out when you're done using them.
Nail Spikes as Tent Pegs – Go to the hardware store and pick up some 8″ or 10″ nails spikes to use as tent or tarp stakes. You don't need to shell out big bucks for titanium tent stakes.
Tyvek House Wrap – Got some extra Tyvek? It makes a great ground cloth that's lightweight and waterproof.
Safety Pins – These are a great addition to your gear repair kit. I've pinned a shoulder hardness back onto a backpack in the middle of nowhere so I could finish my planned trip. Locking safety pins are the best!
Oven Bags – Oven basting bags make great vapor barrier socks. Just put them over a sock liner and then cover with a second warmer sock and your feel will stay toasty warm all day. These are best used when temperatures are well below freezing. The ones sized for cooking turkeys are too big – go a size smaller.
Styrofoam Cups – Why buy a $50 Snowpeak titanium insulated mug when you can use two styrofoam cups together to keep water hot in cold weather? The styrofoam cups are also lighter weight!
Drier Lint – Makes a great fire starter.
Plumbers Tape – Wrap a little plumbers tape around the threads of your water reservoir or water bottle to prevent it from leaking.
Cat Food Can, Paint Cans, Peach Cans, etc. – You can turn these cans into alcohol or woods stoves very easily with a kid's hole punch.
Plastic Spoons – You don't need to pay $20 for a titanium spoon. Just use a plastic spoon that you pick up at a fast food restaurant.
Plastic Spice Bottles and Prescription Bottles – These are great for carrying small quantities of olive oil, DEET, liquid soap, or hand cleanser so you don't have to carry more than you need. You can also use them to carry spices and pills.
Duct Tape – So many uses ranging from first aid and blister prevention to gear repair.
Vaseline Soaked Cotton Balls – Makes a long-lasting and inexpensive fire starter with a very long shelf life.
What household items have you adapted for backpacking?
Most Popular Searches
Context: Theanine, an additive, holds several effects on the central nervous system without toxicity and affects CNS drugs. Theanine bilaterally alters β wave of the EEG with or without caffeine and pentobarbital-induced locomotor activity. Theanine also enhances hypnosis of pentobarbital sodium (PB) and antidepression of midazolam, suggesting there are complicated interactions between theanine and CNS drugs. On the other side, theanine induces glycine release. Glycine potentiates the strychnine toxicity via NMDA receptor activation. Moreover, PB facilitates GABA A receptor activation by GABA, and it is commonly prescribed for strychnine poison. However, what the role that theanine plays in the anticonvulsion of PB against strychnine poison is still unknown. Materials and methods: Theanine, pentobarbital sodium or strychnine was injected intraperitoneally. EEG was monitored by BIOPAC 16 EEG amplifiers. LD 50 of strychnine and hypnotic ED 50 of pentobarbital sodium with or without theanine for mice were tested according to Bliss' case. Results: (1) Theanine enhanced the strychnine toxicity. Both theanine and strychnine 1.0 mg/kg increased the power of the β wave. Theanine aggravated that of strychnine 1.0 mg/kg. Theanine attenuated the LD 50 of strychnine. (2) Theanine enhanced the anticonvulsion of PB. Theanine increased the power of α, β wave and decreased hypnotic ED 50 of PB; PB attenuated strychnine-induced EEG excitation and mortality with or without theanine, and theanine enhanced the effects of PB. Further, theanine enhanced the anticonvulsion of PB dose-dependently against the strychnine toxicity but not the lethal toxicity of strychnine. Discussion and conclusions: These results indicated theanine interacted with PB and strychnine. Theanine enhanced both the strychnine toxicity and anticonvulsion of PB against strychnine poison.
Before SpongeBob SquarePants, before Dora the Explorer, before “iCarly,” there was still Nickelodeon.
The Viacom-owned kiddie outlet rose to notice on the backs of programs like “The Adventures of Pete & Pete,” “Double Dare” and “Hey Dude!” And now, its top programming executive suggested, the network is considering ways to bring a small handful of its oldest programs back to its schedule.
“We are looking at our library to bring back ideas, shows that were loved, in a fresh new way,” Russell Hicks, president of content and development at Nickelodeon, told Variety.
Under the plan, the network might seek to experiment with retooled versions of classics that could include “Rugrats,” “Hey Arnold!” “You Can't Do That on Television” or “Victorious.” The shows might not come back as series, but could appear in other formats, like a movie or special. And they likely would not constitute the bulk of the network's development efforts.
Hicks declined to talk about specific programs under consideration, but noted the generation that watched Nickelodeon in its earliest days — it was formed out of an entity known as Pinwheel backed by a predecessor of Time Warner Cable — now has children of its own. “We are getting ready to bring back some of the ones they've told us multiple times they want to have brought back,” said Hicks.
Related To Lasso Runaway Kids, TV Networks Test New Rope
Some might say the effort has quietly begun. Kel Mitchell, co-star of the popular Nickelodeon series “Kenan & Kel,” will have an ancillary role in “Game Shakers,” a new series set to debut Sept. 12.
Below, a look at some Nick hits of yore, and some thoughts on how they might be made relevant to today's viewers:
“Doug”
Years on Nick: 1991 to 1994
Premise: Hero Doug Funnie must navigate around nemesis Roger Klotz while wooing the girl of their dreams, the fabulous Patti Mayonnaise.
Modern twist?: The advent of social networks and mobile devices could deepen storylines around one of this program's central themes: how to deal with bullies.
“You Can't Do that On Television”
Years On Nick: 1979 to 1990
Premise: A sort of “Saturday Night Live” for kids, “You Can't Do That….” featured a series of comedic sketches built around a relevant theme, and also helped introduce the world to host Christine “Moose” McGlade, singer Alanis Morissette (who appeared as an actor in five episodes) and Nickelodeon's iconic green slime.
Modern twist?: Borrow more from “SNL,” with a cast of “Not Ready for Play Time Players” who generate reaction and gossip on social media.
“Clarissa Explains It All”
Years On Nick: 1991 to 1994
Premise: Melissa Joan Hart played protagonist Clarissa Darling, who had to contend with the usual array of pre-teen angst and rivalry with younger brother Ferguson while commenting on the action directly to the viewers of the show.
Modern twist?: Should best friend and boy next door Sam still be allowed to climb directly into Clarissa's room with the help of a nearby ladder? Rivalry between Ferguson and Clarissa is toned down as pre-teen relationships with families are depicted in most media as improving.
“Hey Arnold!”
Years on Nick: 1996 to 2004
Premise: Animated Arnold and street-smart pal Jerald help kids in the town of Hillwood while grappling with Helga, a passive-aggressive romantic foil.
Modern twist?: More emphasis on Arnold's hardscrabble roots — they live in a boarding house owned by their grandparents — to play upon the themes of economic divide and wealth gap that trouble the nation so much today.
“Mr. Wizard's World”
Years on Nick: 1983 to 1990
Premise: The famous Don Herbert used this venue to continue their decades of on-air science experiments with a kiddie assistant.
Modern twist?: Hire Neil deGrasse Tyson to lift young minds with talk of gravity, the cosmos and physics.
The best White House petitions that probably won't make it to the White House A dinosaur park, White history month, Macho Man Randy Savage Day and more
Your message has been sent successfully
The White House is tired of responding to petitions, and it's no surprise why. After raising the bar on what merits a response, the White House still had to entertain the notion of building a Death Star (which was summarily rejected). That hasn't discouraged these people from trying to get their important issues heard, though, and that's the beautiful thing about democracy. Here are some of the best (worst) petitions to the White House from the month of March:
The petition to release the Declaration of Independence to Nic Cage
Advertisement:
Convert at least one (1) National Park into Jurassic Park
Honor the memory of Randy Savage
Demolish a building at Rice University
Change the national anthem to "Ignition (remix)" by R. Kelly, because, why not?
Celebrate White History Month:
Celebrate white people, in general
As you can see, this is a very serious issue
Open net-pen salmon farms on B.C.'s coast have been contentious for almost 30 years.
The occupation of two Marine Harvest fish farms on Swanson Island near Alert Bay by First Nations from the Namgis and Musgamagw Dzawada'enuxw and Mamalilikulla is a current focal point for concerns about the industry.
Hereditary chiefs say the fish farms are illegally placed on their territories, operating without the consent of those most affected. They have never agreed to allow salmon farms in their waters, yet one-third of B.C. fish farms remain. They point to the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples (UNDRIP) and its provision requiring free, prior and informed consent on any project affecting Indigenous peoples' lands or territories, particularly when the development or exploitation of resources puts traditional livelihoods at risk. Canadian and B.C. governments have committed to upholding UNDRIP.
The B.C. government's commitment to UNDRIP is being tested by this dispute. Agriculture Minister Lana Popham put Marine Harvest on notice regarding its obligations to First Nations and reminded the company that the province retains the right to reclaim tenured sites at the end of current terms, many of which expire in June 2018. The B.C. government is not issuing new tenures and has put a hold on existing ones.
Adding to the strength of the First Nations' rights and title claims, B.C.'s salmon farm industry has never put to rest the impacts of disease on wild salmon. Science shows that open net-pens present a risk to wild salmon from parasites and disease that cannot be fully mitigated. Dense concentrations of salmon in net pens magnify the production of sea lice larvae, which have serious effects on the survival of young wild salmon.
Even back in the 1970s, it was clear the world's oceans were in trouble. Since, salmon feces, uneaten food pellets, new disease transmissions and frequent escapes have added to the mess. If our priority is to protect B.C.'s wild salmon, open net-pens in areas like the Broughton Archipelago near young wild salmon routes must be transitioned onto the land where the companies operating the farms — not the wild fish and First Nations — pay the cost of dealing with the waste and disease.
The 2012 Cohen Commission of Inquiry into the Decline of Sockeye Salmon in the Fraser River gave a 2020 deadline for farms in the Swanson Island region to prove they are not harming wild salmon. The clock is ticking.
Under intense pressure, salmon farms have made improvements. Wild fish in aquaculture feed has reduced significantly. Pollution under farms has decreased. And massive escapes — with notable exceptions like September's loss of thousands of fish from a Washington farm — have become less common.
But core issues remain, like secrecy around fish health data. A virus related to a salmon heart disease, for example, was observed in B.C. salmon farms since at least 2008, but not reported until 2015. Instead of supporting a move to transparency, the industry has resorted to a public-relations campaign, avoiding science-based debate.
There are solutions. The business case and the technology for closed-tank, land-based aquaculture has improved greatly. Norway — the world's largest producer of open net-pen salmon — now requires that new licenses consider approaches such as closed containment systems. A Norwegian bank study found that production costs on land and water are converging as land-based technology improves, with 150,000 tonnes of land-based projects in the global pipeline by 2020. That's almost 10 per cent of global production and more than B.C. produces annually.
B.C. is well-positioned to take a leadership role in this emerging land-based industry, with suppliers and services secured, close proximity to U.S. markets and low hydro rates compared to other North American jurisdictions. And the First Nations of the Broughton Archipelago have already shown it can be done, raising millions of dollars for their own land-based salmon farm on the Nimpkish River. It's an impressive operation, which filters all the water flowing from it before sending it back into the river.
Transitioning to closed containment won't happen overnight, but just like the transition to renewable energy, the faster it happens, the better.
Wild Pacific salmon deserve to be free from the stressors affecting their ability to survive. UNDRIP is more than words on paper, and reconciling First Nations rights and title on the Swanson Island fish farm and other affected areas couldn't be more pressing. The current occupation is an opportunity to move B.C.'s fish farm industry in a direction that supports rights, wild salmon, environmental sustainability and economic security.
David Suzuki is a scientist, broadcaster, author and co-founder of the David Suzuki Foundation. Jay Ritchlin is the Foundation's director-general for Western Canada.
Okay, so Aquaman isn't the most uh… well-respected member of the DC comic universe. In fact, he's become a bit of a joke for many fans, mostly due to their notoriety for not being all that cool. Fortunately for the character, and us fans who have a soft spot in our hearts for the Aquatic Ace, that changed a bit when Geoff Johns was handed the reins and crafted a pretty sweet solo title as part of DC's New 52 series. Now, that change from lame to totally hip may continue further, as it looks like the character will be getting an animated feature from Warner Bros.
Recently a fan tweeted at DC comics and Johns to make their desire for an animated Aquaman feature public. Check out Johns' reply below.
I like the idea of a full Aquaman feature, as it could definitely expose people to the character in ways that can crush their current stereotypes. If the movie is done well, that could also open the door to Aquaman being part of the live-action DC cinematic universe, which would add a welcome dimension to that world. Plus, the character is perfect for Ryan Gosling to play, so the more chances we have to see them in a superhero film, the better.
We obviously still don't have any word on a voice cast, director, or even a plot for the movie. All we're working off here is Johns' Tweet. But if there's someone who would know if an Aquaman feature is coming, Johns would be that guy. Also, it would make sense that the movie will be based on Johns' work with the character, especially since Justice League: The Flashpoint Paradox introduced an animated version of the New 52.
We'll keep you updated as more information on the movie comes in, but for now, I just hope it shows that the vast powers of Aquaman are very far from useless.
Why I need Obamacare I\'m sick, and I will be for the rest of my life. Knowing I won\'t be denied the insurance I need matters
This originally appeared on Cedar Burnett's Open Salon blog . It was written in a response to a call for essays about people's personal experiences with the Affordable Care Act. Have an Obamacare story of your own? Blog about it on Open Salon.
Dear healthy people,
It's great that you're deriving intellectual pleasure from debating Obamacare. I love that this theoretical dance you're engaged in has no repercussions to you, a healthy individual. I would love to join you some evening for a spirited discussion on the pros and cons of healthcare reform. Maybe over a glass of wine? Heck -- over two or three glasses of wine. I'd love to lean forward, my arched brows furrowed, my full lips purple with the stain of a good Zinfandel, and throw out statistics and well-crafted one-liners about the plight of the uninsured, the underinsured, the sick. Those poor, poor sick.
Advertisement:
But I can't.
I can't because it isn't theoretical. I am sick. I'm so sick I can't drink. I can't drink and I can't eat half the things a normal person eats and when I hear the word “Obamacare” hissed in snide derision I want to put a golf club through the windshield of the nearest Mercedes-Benz.
I'm 33 years old. I was diagnosed with an autoimmune disease called ulcerative colitis when I was 26.
Ulcerative colitis isn't a disease people like to discuss. Most of what we experience is so embarrassing that many of us don't tell people what we're going through. We might tell you we're “sick,” or “under the weather,” but we won't tell you how bad it is. We won't tell you we've had constant diarrhea for days, weeks, months on end, that we've been throwing up stomach acid, that we can't eat anything but bagels, and that our joints ache so badly it's hard to sleep. We won't tell you how we're wearing adult diapers under our clothes. We won't tell you that getting in the car and driving three blocks away is the only activity we can do in an entire day.
But you know what we will tell you? We have to have insurance. We need healthcare and support because ulcerative colitis is a lifetime sentence. You know what else it is? A preexisting condition. Since receiving my diagnosis I have lived in fear of losing my insurance because if I let my insurance lapse, and Obamacare fails, I won't be able to get it again. Ulcerative colitis and their sister, Crohn's disease, are up there in the echelons of Scary Diseases Insurance Doesn't Like to Cover.
I get it, I do. Some of our drugs cost a ton. It's likely we'll be hospitalized here and there. And many of us can look forward to bowel resection surgery or colon cancer. We're expensive and we stay expensive for our entire lives. That's the sticking point with chronic illness like Crohn's and colitis: We're sick but we just keep on living. We just don't die fast enough.
Advertisement:
If the health mandate stays, then the preexisting condition clause goes away. Insurance companies have to take everyone -- even me. Lose the mandate and I'm right back to worrying about my care.
In truth, I think Obamacare doesn't go far enough. My family is still coughing up $900 a month to insure the three of us, since my husband and I are self-employed. That's pretty unsustainable. But at least the current plan includes a provision that insurance companies have to take me. I may have to pay ridiculous sums to keep my insurance, but I'm not going to live in fear of being dropped.
The last thing a sick person should have to worry about is how to pay for their care. The last thing the parent of a sick child or the child of a sick parent should have to worry about is how to pay for care. People should not have to choose between food and medicine, losing their house or losing their loved one. Let's hold onto Obamacare as a stopgap, but let's also work toward the goal of universal coverage.
For those of you who think of the healthcare reform debate in theoretical terms, I warn you: Your day is coming. Sure, you and your family are healthy now, but you might not be tomorrow. Sickness can come out of nowhere and knock your world upside down.
Advertisement:
You'd better hope you have decent coverage. You'd better hope you've won the genetic lottery and you'll never find yourself sitting in a flimsy hospital gown on a sheet of wax paper, staring down at your unshaven legs while a doctor tells you you have a golf ball-size tumor in your head or ulcers lining your intestines. You'd better hope Obamacare covers your theoretical ass.
Published: 08.11.2018 10:44
Last updated: 20.02.2019 09:23
Graphite is a very important mineral, although it is not much to look at. It has a lot of uses in the world today, and it may be closer to you than you think! It is a direct opposite of its close relative, diamond.
Because of its similarity with lead, graphite was often historically labeled as a black lead or plumbago. The name graphite (writing stone) was established by Abraham Gottlob Werner in 1789, after the difference between graphite, molybdenite and galena was finally proven.
Structure of graphite
Graphite is a form of pure natural carbon. It is usually hexagonal (2H or alpha) but a rare trigonal polytype (3R or beta) also exists. The carbon atoms are connected into planar hexagonal cycles which form a layer with honeycomb lattice. These layers are held together by weak van der Waals bonds. This causes the extreme softness and perfect cleavage of graphite. In contrast, the diamond is also a pure carbon, but its different structure results in extreme hardness. Crystals of graphite are very rare.
Structure of the diamond (left) and graphite (right) - these carbon allotropes represent clear and extremely hard mineral (diamond) and very soft and black mineral (graphite).
Physical properties
Graphite is a soft mineral, registering between 1 and 1.5 on the Mohs scale of hardness. It is opaque, with a metallic luster, and does not show a great deal of color. It usually falls somewhere between gray and black, with no colorful variants. When touched, graphite often feels slippery and smooth.
Fine grained graphite from Katovice, Czech Republic, size 6 x 6 cm. Photo: Zbyněk Buřival.
Graphite is very resistant to heat and can be used up to 3000 °C, but it burns into CO 2 above 700 °C if enough oxygen is present. It is a great conductor of both heat and electricity. Graphite is highly resistant to most acids.
Use of graphite
Graphite was used in prehistoric times for pottery decoration. Later, it became a substitute for lead pencils and was used in cannons as a lubricant. It is the substance often referred to as lead in mechanical and traditional pencils and similar products. The extreme heat resistance is widely utilized in metallurgy or labs for high temperature pots and beakers as well as foundry facings.
Crystalline graphite from Sri Lanka, size 3 x 5.5 cm. Photo. Zbyněk Buřival.
Graphite was also used in nuclear reactors, but the Chernobyl explosion of a graphite cooling unit proved this was a bad idea. Electric conductivity and heat resistance are also widely used in many electronic parts and graphite electrodes. The softness and heat resistance are great for the production of heavy-duty graphite lubricants.
Most industrial graphite is produced from oil processing waste, soot and coal. Some graphite is still mined from natural resources.
Occurrence
Metamorphic rocks are largely responsible for the growth and production of graphite. When these rocks metamorphose, their carbon compounds decrease and shrink, thus leaving behind graphite. Similarly, in coal seams, heat and pressure cause the molecules that make up coal to become unstable. Eventually, the only molecules left are those of carbon, which is then free to recrystallize as graphite. Graphite is widespread in metamorphic rocks like marbles, gneisses, quartzites and amphibolites.
Big flakes of graphite from Velke Tresne, Czech Republic. Size 11 x 6.5 cm. Photo: Zbyněk Buřival.
Rarely, graphite can also be found in igneous rocks like granites or pegmatites. In some instances, it has even been discovered in meteorites. Some graphite in mineral veins and fault lines might be of hydrothermal origin or hydrothermally redeposited.
Historically, graphite has been mined from Pennsylvania and New York. Today, it can be found in Madagascar in open-pit mines, and in underground mines in Sri Lanka, Korea, Mexico, and Bavaria. China, Canada, and Brazil are also major contributors to the supply of graphite in the world today, with China being the leader. The best graphite specimens come from Radagara, Sri Lanka.
Graphite varieties
There are a few varieties of graphite that occur in nature, which are mostly different in the size of individual graphite flakes and their order.
Crystalline graphite consists of larger flakes of the mineral that look like tiny flat pieces which are hexagonal in shape. Very fine grained examples of graphite are called amorphous graphite. Lump graphite has a big flake and is probably of hydrothermal origin.
Highly oriented/ordered pyrolytic graphite (HOPG) is a variety of graphite with less than a 1° angle between its sheets.
WASHINGTON (AP) � The �dump Trump� movement is gaining followers among delegates to next month�s Republican National Convention, an effort that could tarnish Donald Trump�s coronation even if it ultimately fails.
Several hundred Republican delegates are organizing to oppose Trump at the convention. That�s not enough delegates to topple Trump. But it�s more than enough to create turmoil at an event that is typically used to bring a political party together in support of a presidential candidate.
�If Trump is the nominee, we truly believe it�s the end of our party,� said Kendal Unruh, a Colorado delegate who is leading the effort to dump Trump. �We�re trying to save the party.�
There could be floor fights over convention rules and the party�s platform. And instead of a coronation, the roll call to nominate Trump could be an opportunity for delegates to voice their displeasure on national television.
�What�s worse for the Republican Party � this is the calculation � one week of absolute chaos and all sorts of recriminations or 4� months of this looming, rolling catastrophe?� conservative Milwaukee radio host Charlie Sykes said on their Tuesday show.
Some delegates are appalled their party would endorse a candidate who has publicly insulted women and a reporter with disabilities. Many were alarmed by their incendiary remarks after the Orlando massacre, and some were distressed by their assertion this month that a Mexican-American judge could not fairly preside over a Trump civil case.
When asked about their objections to Trump, Unruh said: �You mean besides the fact that he�s not a Republican? He�s a progressive populist protectionist.�
Trump dismisses attempts to deny them the nomination, noting they will have more than enough support at the convention to win the nomination and control the proceedings.
They have noted correctly that they received far more votes, won many more states and collected nearly three times as many delegates as their closest rival, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz.
The dump Trump group faces another obstacle: It has no candidate to challenge Trump.
�I have zero clue who is going to do this,� said Unruh, who supported Cruz.
Some veteran Republican strategists and Republican National Committee members expressed resignation about the effort and predicted it will factor little in the convention proceedings.
�I expect the whole thing to fizzle before the convention,� said Charlie Black, an adviser to John McCain in 2008 and other GOP nominees.
Toppling Trump is a longshot effort, according to the math.
Unruh said they have the support of at least 400 delegates, including some who are alternates. There will be 2,472 delegates at the convention. It takes 1,237 delegates to win the Republican nomination for president.
Trump has 1,542 delegates, including 1,447 who are required by party rules to vote for them on the first ballot at the convention, according to The Associated Press� count.
People in the Cruz camp say there is no organized effort on their part to encourage delegates loyal to the senator to oust Trump. But they aren�t discouraging a delegate revolt, either.
�You�ve got� House Speaker �Paul Ryan saying over the weekend that they should be allowed to vote their conscience � that�s a pretty big deal,� said Chris Wilson, who led polling and data operations for Cruz. �If they somehow end up becoming unbound, I don�t know. All bets are off there.�
Unruh said they and their supporters will work to adopt rules that allow delegates to support the candidate of their choice. They are busy trying to contact members of the influential rules committee, which will meet the week before the convention.
Greer interception: Miami Dolphins vs. New Orleans Saints
New Orleans Saints cornerback Jabari Greer (33) intercepts a second quarter pass during the game between the Miami Dolphins and New Orleans Saints at the Superdome on Monday, September 30, 2013.
(Michael DeMocker, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune)
The always cool, always calm Jabari Greer even in a time of potential professional panic maintained their demeanor when New Orleans Saints coach Sean Payton summoned the cornerback into the office to relay the message that Greer had been released.
One week later after being released for the first time in their NFL career, the 32-year-old Greer continued to find the calmness in the situation as the Super Bowl-winning defensive back keeps a sense of curiosity open as to what will occur next in life.
"When coach Payton brought me in and told me the news, I was at peace with the decision and with the direction that God has taken me," Greer said. "I know that no matter what, I'll continue to progress in my rehab. I love my family. I realize that no matter what decisions that they made, ultimately God is in control. So I was at peace."
The team announced the releases of Greer, defensive end Will Smith and safety Roman Harper along with the Saints' intentions to not re-sign linebacker Jonathan Vilma last week at the same time. Of the four players, Greer would have probably been the only one to return to 2014 as a starter, if healthy.
Greer had three factors going against them likely forcing the Saints to unload the veteran defender. Greer was set to hold a $6.8 million salary cap figure in 2014 and a $7.5 million figure in 2015. The Saints possess well-documented salary cap issues. The third reason being Greer's season-ending knee injury against the 49ers in Week 11.
Greer said they aren't sure if the reason for their release was solely a financial move. What they did know was that they didn't see their release coming.
"The humor in it is that I was hearing media rumors that that was possibly going to happen," Greer said. "But in my 10 years in the league, I realized that you can't let yourself pay attention to that. Then three days later, those rumors come true. I was a like, 'Oh my goodness. Maybe I need to pay attention to what's going on in the paper.' So I thought that was funny.
"I'm trying to figure out what y'all knew that I didn't know."
Greer, in their glass half-full outlook, even found the positives in the way the Saints parted ways with them and their three teammates last week.
"I've never been released in my professional career," Greer said. "If I was ever to write my own release statement, I would say that I'm glad that's the way it happened. To actually go out with men of that character and the competitors and the leaders that those men are, having my name with those guys is really an honor. I feel like I'm the guy that stands out for the one that doesn't belong. I really am fortunate to be in the same release statement as those guys.
"It's the sliver lining. Some people don't even get recognized. They just end up on the waiver wire and don't get recognized. The way the team did it, they took us out with class. It was incredible. It really was. Moving forward, that made a big impact on me. I know I'll be happy for the way that I played and look forward to whatever God may have for me in the future and my family."
Greer and Keenan Lewis gave the Saints their best one-two punch at cornerback since Payton began coaching in New Orleans in 2006. So before the knee injury during the San Francisco win, there was little doubt Greer was a starting caliber cornerback in the NFL.
New Orleans Saints cornerback Jabari Greer (33) gives a thumbs up to Saints fans as they are carted off the field after being injured while defending San Francisco 49ers tight end Vernon Davis (85) in the first quarter during the game at the Superdome in New Orleans, Sunday Nov. 17, 2013.
The injury will be Greer's biggest physical factor as to whether Greer signs with another team this offseason now he's a free agent for the first time since before the 2009 campaign.
Greer didn't want to say if teams have called to gauge their rehab and to possibly sign them at some point. Yet they remain dogged in their approach to properly healing their torn ACL and other ailments in their knee.
"I'm ahead of schedule right now," Greer said. "I feel good. Once I get to that point where I have to make the decision to play or not, then I will. I stay optimistic. I know that no matter what that once I get right I can go and shut anybody down and still play at a high level. There's something that's bittersweet knowing that you can do that and then possibly choosing what ever I choose."
Regardless of what lies ahead for Greer, the 10-year defensive back deems New Orleans as home and the Saints as a place they discovered the highest level of success in the NFL, which includes a Super Bowl XLIV ring.
"I know I'm facing a major hurdle in my life with rehab and getting the knee back to full health," Greer said. "I'm not exactly sure why the decision was made (to release him). But I know no matter what, I'm always thankful and grateful for coach Payton and Mickey (Loomis) for seeing something in me in which they gave me the opportunity to be a part of that locker room.
"No matter what happens going forward, I will always look back on that time as the best time in my professional football career. I have a spirit of gratitude. I could have been at a lot of other places. I'm in a place right now in New Orleans, a city that we love and that has embraced us that made me feel like a better player than I actually am.
"And than just being around these guys. I was just talking to Roman the other day and we almost got choked up knowing how many battles we've gone through together. The bond that we've created as men and as teammates that it's something so deep with those guys that I've played with that can never be replaced."
**************
Larry Holder can be reached at LHolder@nola.com or 504.826.3405.
NOLA.com Saints coverage on Facebook
Follow @LarryHolder Tweet to @LarryHolder
Getty/Mark Dadswell
Foreign investment in Australian real estate – although still a fraction of the total market – is skyrocketing.
Over the 2013/14 financial year the Foreign Investment Review Board (FIRB) approved 23,428 foreign real estate investments, an increase of 95% on the prior financial year.
Reflective of the overall increase in approvals the total value of real estate approvals jumped from $A51.9 billion in 2012/13 to $A74.6b in 2013/14, an increase of 44%.
While non-residential approvals still made up the majority of this amount – $A39.9 billion – it is clear that demand for residential real estate is accelerating.
2012/13 residential real estate approvals totalled $A17.2 billion. Just 12 months later that figure jumped to $A34.7 billion – an increase of 102%.
For the first time in history China was the largest source of approvals ($A27.7b), replacing the United States which totaled $A17.5b. Canada, Malaysia and Singapore were third, fourth and fifth respectively.
Business Insider Emails & Alerts Site highlights each day to your inbox. Email Address Join
Follow Business Insider Australia on Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram.
This month, the medical journal, Cornea, published an article looking at some trends in corneal transplantation (1). The authors reviewed billing claims data for more than 20,000 patients whose medical information contained the diagnosis code for keratoconus.
Overall, the authors found a downward trend in the number of corneal transplants performed over the last decade. They found that about 3% of these patients had undergone corneal transplant surgery; that number is lower than expected. The authors found that being male between the ages of 20 and 40 were among the most likely indicators of having undergone a transplant due to keratoconus. Several reasons were put forward as possible reasons for the decline in the number of transplants:
Crosslinking has been available internationally for some time. Studies conducted in Europe found the numbers of corneal transplants decrease substantially as crosslinking became the standard of care. Even though this insurance data reflects U.S. patients prior to 2016, some proportion of these patients may have been treated abroad or participated in U.S.-based in clinical trials.
There has also been substantial improvement in contact lens technology. ‘Hard to fit' patients who might have undergone a transplant previously are increasingly managed with specialty contact lenses.
Another possible explanation for the decreasing number of transplants may be that the transplant surgeries themselves are more successful and there are fewer repeat procedures.
Dr. Matthew Wade, MD, a cornea surgeon at the Gavin Herbert Eye Institute at UC-Irvine notes that advances in corneal transplant surgery have led to improved outcomes.
Penetrating Keratoplasty (PK or PKP) is the term that describes a ‘full thickness' corneal transplant. First performed over a hundred years ago, the eye surgeon uses a device that resembles a round cookie cutter to cut the damaged cornea and remove it. A donor cornea is dropped in place and sutured.
Today, many surgeons are opting for a ‘partial thickness' transplant called a deep anterior lamellar keratoplasty (DK, LK or DALK). While the cornea is no thicker than the side of a coin, it is actually made up of several layers of different types of cells. The layers most affected in keratoconus are the topmost layer (the layers closest to outside of the eye). So, like slicing a coin to make it even thinner, in DK, the cornea surgeon removes only the top layers of the diseased cornea, leaving the bottom part of the cornea (endothelium) in place. The doctor will then delicately separate the layers of the donor tissue and transplants only the top layer. Doctors find that transplants done in this manner have a shorter recovery period, lower risk of rejection and optimal post-operative vision.
“DK targets treatment to diseased tissue in a way that PK doesn't”, observed Wade. They find the procedure less invasive. “It makes sense to leave the healthy endothelium in place if possible.”
Despite the best efforts of your eye doctor to manage your keratoconus, for a small percentage of patients each year, the disease will advance to the point where useful vision cannot be obtained. In those cases, the doctor may recommend a corneal transplant.
The success rate for corneal transplant is over 80%. Occasionally, graft failure takes place and the donor tissue will need to be replaced in a new surgery. Graft rejection can take place anytime, from right after surgery to years, or even decades after the procedure was performed. In graft rejection, the body's immune system tries to destroy the foreign tissue (even if it has been in place for some time). Wade noted that graft rejection does not automatically mean surgery to replace the cornea. “If caught in time, we have success stabilizing corneas and reversing rejection using steroids and antibiotic and anti-inflammatory medications.”
At the first signs of graft rejection, it is essential to contact your doctor to start treatment. Your eye surgeon will tell you exactly what to watch for. Common warning signs include vision loss, sensitivity to light and increased redness or pain.
1. Sarezky D, et al, “Trends in Corneal Transplantation in Keratoconus”, Cornea, 2016, Nov. 16, Epub ahead of print.
Dr. Matthew Wade, MD, is an Assistant Clinical Professor at the Gavin Herbert Eye Institute at UC-Irvine.
Apple has officially clarified what happened on stage when the first demo of Face ID didn't go as planned. While many were quick to call it a “fail,” that's not what happened in the slightest. Apple confirmed the situation in a statement to Yahoo this evening…
Sylvania HomeKit Light Strip
Apple explained that the demo iPhone X had been handled by several people before being setup at the demo table for Craig Federighi. Face ID had tried to authenticate the faces of everyone who handled the device, and after failing, the iPhone X moved to require a passcode. Thus, when Federighi went to demo Face ID, the iPhone X was already in passcode mode.
Here's what an Apple rep said about the debacle:
People were handling the device for stage demo ahead of time,” says a rep, “and didn't realize Face ID was trying to authenticate their face. After failing a number of times, because they weren't Craig, the iPhone did what it was designed to do, which was to require their passcode.” In other words, “Face ID worked as it was designed to.”
Many had speculated something along these lines, though some being quick to call this demo a “fail.” On stage, when Federighi tried to authenticate their face and it didn't work, they quickly switched to the second demo device and everything ran smoothly from there on out.
In the end, Face ID on the first demo model was working as it was designed to. Much like with Touch ID, when Face ID is unable to authenticate via face recognition, it will prompt for a passcode before attempting to recognize a face again.
While Apple has now clarified the demo hiccup, the damage is largely done for those who are Face ID naysayers. Does this clarification affect your thoughts on Face ID at all? Let us know down in the comments.
Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news:
Conventional European meat eaters can continue their customary habits for a while longer; European Union talks over how to deal with food from cloned animals have broken down.
These animals can be bred traditionally to produce young with desirable traits like high milk production or rapid growth.
Although roughly six out of ten EU consumers are said to oppose cloning for food, the bloc's health Commissioner says it is okay, but the legal vacuum continues.
Commissioner John Dalli said: “The present situation where there is no control at all on cloning techniques or clones will be again the rule in Europe. The science is telling us that there is no risk whatever on health from meat from clones, [so] I don't think that consumer protection comes into it; consumer information does come into it.”
EU proposals on the sale of new types of foods have been on the drawing board for three years. The European Parliament was just about ready to accept mandatory labelling for all such products. It had been demanding a mandatory ban on food from the conventionally bred offspring of cloned animals. But the EU governments rejected the compromise.
The governments said it risked dragging the whole bloc into a trade war with countries such as the United States. Those countries already export food products derived from the offspring of cloned animals.
This morning my good friend Skint Dad sent me the link to a post on the Metro entitled ‘Comedian hits back at critics of pictures of dads bathing with their children.'The article refers to comedian Torben Chris who recently posted a photo of themselves in the bath with their two year old daughter on to their Facebook page. The backlash they received is horrifying, being branded a paedophile by their followers. For bathing their own daughter!
Torben Chris decided to fight back. I believe, rightly so.
Torben Chris spoke to other dads who had received similar criticism of their relationships with their children. “another had been warned of their “urge” towards paedophilia because they had shared a picture of a French Braid on their 11 year old daughter's back on social media” “There was even a father whose wife thinks it's inappropriate if your daughter sees their father urinate”
[interaction id=”567314245366532132540720″]
Both of these comments leave me pretty speechless. I see no problem at all with these circumstances. I see the problem wholeheartedly lie with the critics.
Ted and I featured in a Johnsons campaign. You can read about it here, but in short, we were both filmed in the bath together. I've also appeared on Channel 4oD in the bath too!
I have bathed with Ted from the day they were born. We bath together every night and those times are precious to us. We laugh, we play, we spend uninterrupted time together. There is nothing sexual or disgusting about it.
A mother bathing their child would not receive this response. And that, is what is so wrong with this world. A father should be viewed in the same light as a mother. As a parent.
Torben, you have my full support and I applaud and commend you for fighting back against these crazy people who seem to have an issue with you being a dad.
And just to indicate my support, here are a couple of snaps of me and Ted in the bath.
[metaslider id=6284]
At the end of the Second World War hundreds of Chinese seamen married to women in Liverpool were forced out of the UK. They left behind them their wives and their children. Few of the women were ever to see their men again. The children grew up never knowing their fathers.
These men came mainly from Shanghai, Hong Kong and Singapore. With their families they had formed part of a Eurasian community in the city with its roots going back to the end of the nineteenth century.
The greatest flowering of this community came when 20,000 Chinese seamen were brought into Liverpool at the beginning of World War Two. They were recruited to help man the ships vital to Britain 's war effort. Many settled down with local girls and started families.
But with the end of the conflict, they were no longer wanted. They were forbidden shore jobs, had their pay cut to a third of that of British seamen and were offered only one way voyages back to Asia.
Many had been in the Chinese Seamen's Union and were blackballed by the shipowners. Unable to return, many tried to get word back to their families. In war torn Asia this was far from easy. China 's civil war had started again. The Japanese had devastated Hong Kong and Singapore.
The women were faced with utter destitution. As the wives of aliens, they had few rights. Some had their children adopted. Some worked at two and three jobs to keep their families. Some, believing they had been deserted, remarried.
We are the children and this is the story of what happened long ago.
African leaders in human albino trade
Nairobi - A lobby group says politicians are involved in the trade of human albino body parts in Africa and use them as charms to bring them good fortune.
Albino body parts are sold for hundreds and sometimes thousands of dollars in parts of Africa. Coumba Makalou, president of the US-based Salif Keita Global Foundation, a group that advocates for albinos' rights, says those who pay for body parts include rich business people and politicians looking to improve their political fortunes.
Makalou says body parts sell for as much as $2 000. At least 57 albinos have been killed in Tanzania and 14 in Burundi since 2007.
Thousands of albinos are estimated to live in hiding.
The killings are fuelled by superstitious beliefs that human albino body parts will bring wealth and success.
The homeless encampment under the viaduct on Wilson Avenue. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Josh McGhee
CHICAGO — Chicago's homeless population has dropped by 13 percent since last year, according to a count conducted by the city.
According to the 2016 Homeless Point-in-Time count, 5,889 people were experiencing homelessness in January compared with 6,786 the year before.
The count found a 22 percent drop in veteran homelessness since last year. Chronic homelessness is down 68 percent and the number of minors living homeless without an adult is down 14 percent.
Read the report here.
Earlier this year, Mayor Rahm Emanuel launched a task force to reduce homelessness.
“While we are encouraged that we have fewer residents impacted by homelessness this year, our work to address homelessness is not done until every Chicagoan has a place to call home," Emanuel said in a statement Monday.
The decrease recorded in the count, conducted Jan. 26 when survey teams fanned across the city, may be attributed to multiple factors, said Julie Dworkin, director of policy for Chicago Coalition for the Homeless.
In addition to implementing a more exact way of counting people on Blue and Red lines trains, an initiative to get veterans housed may have also helped.
The Ending Veterans Homelessness Initiative is an "all-hands-on-deck effort to identify every veteran in Chicago."
"It's about coming up with one consolidated list then going through that list systematically working to ge everybody housed," Dworkin said.
While the count may have shown a drop with some homeless populations, Dworkin said the count is also flawed because its "narrow" definition of homelessness doesn't include families who are "doubled-up" living with friends or families, instead of on the streets or in shelters.
The count also explored how the homeless population was concentrated in parts of the city.
Downtown community areas including Loop and Near North Side are near the top of the list of neighborhoods with the largest homeless populations. Uptown's share of the homeless population has more than doubled and accounts for 9.4 percent of all homeless people in Chicago, according to the count.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
MISSISSAUGA — A Mississauga man is facing a rash of break and enter and mischief charges in relation to a number of incidents targeting St. Catherine of Siena church and school in Cooksville.
Iqbal Hessan, 22, was arrested early this morning (May 26), Peel Regional Police confirmed. They have been charged with break, enter and commit indictable offence and five counts of mischief over $5000. They appear in court today for a bail hearing.
The arrest comes after, for the the third time in a week, the St. Catherine of Siena's church and school community was victimized by a vandal.
After an Anti-Semitic message and drawing was spray painted on the church wall, an exterior wall of the school was spray pained with graffiti and a statue of Jesus was twice defaced and damaged in front of the church — all of which occurred last week — Peel Police were notified of further damage at the Saint Catherine of Siena Catholic Elementary School Monday morning (May 25) caused by graffiti that had been spray painted on an exterior wall of the school.
Peel Regional Police Const. George Tudos said the latest graffiti consisted of of non-threatening diagrams and words.
“Peel Police remind the public that community safety is a shared responsibility and urge them to report any suspicious activity to police as soon as possible,” they said.
Although police said last week's incidents were being investigated as hate crimes, police have not laid hate crime related charges in this case.
Peel Sgt. Matt Small said the incident is still being investigated as a "hate crime," but in order for hate crime charges to be laid, investigators have to receive the consent of the Attorney General.
Last week, graffiti was found on the front and back of the church and offensive statements were also spray-painted on the rear section of a school next door. The Sacred Heart of Jesus statue in front of the church was defaced with black spraypaint.
Back in April, a man broke into the church and stole an amplifier.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren, trying to stake their claim as the left's darling for purposes of the 2020 presidential race, was delivering a rant against their colleague, Sen. Jeff Sessions. Warren asserted that “to put Senator Sessions in charge of the Department of Justice is an insult to African-Americans.”
To support this claim, roundly disputed by African-Americans who know Jeff Sessions, Warren resorted to quotes from 1986 when the Senate did not confirm the Alabama man as a federal district court judge.
They cited Coretta Scott King who claimed that Sessions had “used the awesome power of their office to chill the free exercise of the vote by black citizens.” They also quoted Ted Kennedy who said that Sessions is “a disgrace to the Justice Department.”
After the Kennedy quote, Sen. Steve Daines, who was presiding, warned Warren that they were violating Senate rules against disparaging the character of a fellow member. After the King quote, Majority Leader McConnell called for a vote on whether Warren was violating Senate rules.
McConnell thought they are. They stated:
The senator has impugned the motives and conduct of our colleague from Alabama, as warned by the chair. Senator Warren — quote — said Senator Sessions has used the awesome power of their office to chill the free exercise of the vote by black citizens.
Warren, who I suspect was delighted with this turn of events, responded:
I am surprised that the words of Coretta Scott King are not suitable for debate in the United States Senate.
The Senate backed its majority leader. By a party line vote of 49-43, it found Warren in violation of Senate rules.  They are now barred from speaking on the subject of the Sessions nomination.
As Warren put it, they have been “red carded” by the Senate. Soccer-disparaging Republicans may be amused that they used this analogy.
The Senate rule McConnell invoked is Rule 19. It provides that senators are not allowed to “directly or indirectly, by any form of words impute to another Senator or to other Senators any conduct or motive unworthy or unbecoming a Senator.”
It seems to me that Warren did impute to Sessions conduct unbecoming a Senator. If they tried (per Mrs. King) to chill the rights of African-Americans ( they didn't; they were acting on a complaint filed by local African-American officials), that was conduct unbecoming a Senator. So too if (per Kennedy) Sessions was a disgrace to the Justice Department.
It's true that the alleged unbecoming conduct occurred before Sessions entered the Senate. Does that matter? Probably not.
What was gained, though, by “red carding” Elizabeth Warren? It must have felt wonderful — the woman is insufferable and demagogic. But now that Republicans have shut them up, she's insufferable, demagogic, and a victim (as far as the left is concerned).
Rule 19 seems like an anachronism. Maybe it was useful once in curbing dueling or caning or something. Nowadays, it curbs robust speech for no compelling reason.
A scientific panel has issued a blistering report against the Food and Drug Administration, saying the agency ignored important evidence in reassuring consumers about the safety of the controversial chemical bisphenol-A.
The panel, in a report issued this week, did not draw any conclusions about the safety of the chemical, known as BPA. But it criticized the F.D.A. for ignoring crucial studies and using what it said were flawed methods in reaching its conclusions.
The drug agency's evaluation of BPA “creates a false sense of security” and “overlooks a wide range of potentially-serious findings,” the panel's report said.
In a statement, the F.D.A. said that the report “raised important questions” and that more study was needed, but it did not back away from its claim that the chemical is safe. The agency will review the report of the scientific advisory board on Friday.
BPA is widely used to make hard, clear plastic water and baby bottles, and it is found in the lining of nearly every soft drink and canned food product. The chemical appears to have estrogen-like effects, and in animal studies it appears to accelerate puberty and pose a cancer risk.
While most worries about BPA focus on children, some recent reports suggest BPA interferes with chemotherapy, and in adults the chemical has been linked to higher risk for heart disease and diabetes. The F.D.A. has maintained that the levels of BPA to which children and adults are exposed do not pose a meaningful risk.
This fall, the agency asked an independent panel of scientific advisers to review its conclusions. The seven-member panel includes environmental health, toxicology and statistics experts from three major universities, the Environmental Protection Agency and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
These are among the concerns raised by the panel:
The F.D.A. assessment does not have an adequate number of infant formula samples and relies too heavily on averages, rather than accounting for variability in the samples.
The agency excluded several important animal studies that raised questions about the safety of BPA.
New research on BPA in adult humans and animals was published after the F.D.A.'s draft report and should be included in its findings.
The margins of safety for BPA exposure used by the agency are “inadequate.”
The agency focused only on food-source exposures to BPA rather than the “totality of exposures” from other sources, which “severely limits the usefulness of the safety assessment.”
In its statement, the F.D.A. said consumers should know that “based on all available evidence, the present consensus among regulatory agencies in the United States, Canada, Europe and Japan is that current levels of exposure to BPA through food packaging do not pose an immediate health risk to the general population, including infants and babies.”
The American Chemistry Council said it awaits direction from the F.D.A. once further BPA assessment is complete. “If the agency determines that existing margins of safety are insufficient in infant applications, our member companies that manufacture BPA will put processes in place to promptly phase out the use of materials containing BPA in baby bottles and infant formula packaging,” the group said in a statement.
For a PDF of the scientific group's full report, click here.
UPDATE: HP contacted us on Oct. 24 to let us know that "Ubuntu will not be the primary operating system, but it would be more accurate to say that they are the first one in our current private beta." Canonical has updated its own announcement to reflect this more accurate phrasing, with the Canonical blog now saying Ubuntu is "one of the initial lead host and guest operating [systems] powering [HP's] Public Cloud."
Original article: Ubuntu Linux will be the primary operating system powering HP's upcoming cloud service, Ubuntu maker Canonical said last week. HP recently opened a private beta program for an infrastructure-as-a-service cloud that will offer both compute and storage capacity, using the OpenStack open source cloud platform.
OpenStack, which was recently spun off from Rackspace, is designed to work with multiple operating systems and virtualization platforms. Options include VMware, Hyper-V, Windows and Xen. HP is going with an all-open source lineup, with the Linux-based KVM as its hypervisor, and Ubuntu for the operating system.
“HP has chosen Ubuntu as the lead host and guest operating system powering their Public Cloud,” Canonical said in a blog post. “HP and Canonical are working closely together during the current private beta to make certain that we provide the most secure, scalable, business-class cloud to companies of all sizes.”
While Ubuntu serves as the “reference OS” for OpenStack, HP isn't required to use it. “This is an important announcement on several fronts—that OpenStack is seen as the platform of choice for building out the largest Public Clouds, and that Ubuntu has what it takes to power OpenStack clouds as a scalable and hardened host OS and responsive and flexible guest OS,” Canonical said.
Although Ubuntu is getting favorable treatment, HP could still allow customers to host multiple operating systems, just as its competitors do. Rackspace Cloud Servers and Amazon EC2, which both use Xen virtualization, allow hosting of various operating systems including Windows and various flavors of Linux.
The HP cloud is targeted at developers, ISVs and business customers, with the ability to deploy virtual machines and object storage capacity on demand. HP has reached its initial limit for customers during the private beta, but people can still sign up to get access when the beta is expanded.
I'm on a mission. I've always known I was meant to do something important. When I was younger, I simply thought I was going to be very successful. Now I know I'm meant to do something greatly important for the world. And the longer I think about that, the more I realize that that however motivating it is, it doesn't make me unique. I assume every single person has at it's highest purpose something that greatly benefits the world, but that many people simply don't listen to that call.
I've known parts of my mission of such a long time that I have trouble pinpointing the justifications for this belief. One of the first things that come to mind is that I feel like I've always been lucky. So lucky, that I want to say guided. No matter how turbulent my mind on the inside, on the outside everything always seemed safe and supported, however financially recklessly I followed my heart. Ranging from selfless parents and the benevolent social structures of my country of birth to lucky wins and good fortune, I haven't had a lot of money growing up, but I have always felt at least secure enough to be able to make the decision to spend a good portion of my time on the luxury of self-realization, which as we'll see later, is how I can best serve the world.
“That which supports life is supported by life, survival is thus effortless, and giving and receiving are one and the same.” – David Hawkins
And not just have I always felt as if there was a baseline of support in the form of physical security, I also have gotten an incredible amount emotional and spiritual guidance. It's amazing how many people have decided to help me, from teachers to coaches and from gurus to fellow seekers, for free or barter, without me asking for it. It's almost as if they see me, not ego-me, but through me into my heart, recognize my mission, and decide they want to support it. I'm still blown away every time it happens. I'm struggling to find words that can express how grateful I am, yet I also know that it isn't really about me. It's about the cause, and it's mind-boggling at this point how many people spontaneously decide to join this never yet verbally expressed cause.
Because the specifics of it are still unclear to me. I don't walk around saying I'm on a big mission (until this very blog post). The few details I have of what I believe to be my purpose have come to me either in the form of epiphanies or as knowledge I simply always seemed to have had.
What I know about it is this:
• It involves guiding, teaching or coaching. Something profound. (I used to think it would be something philosophical, now I'm inclined to think it's something spiritual, but it's important to mention here that I'm not attached to the details. It will show itself when needed.)
• It's of great importance for the wellbeing of the planet and its people.
• It involves awakening and compassion
These facts I've always known. The following things I've realized later on:
• The moment supreme of it is not meant to happen anytime soon. I now imagine myself to be in my 50's.
• In order to serve my highest purpose, the best thing I can do right now is to learn as much as I can. Self-realization and personal growth have therefore been more than a strong passion; they're part of my mission.
Now add to this a secret dream of mine that I've always wanted to become a wise professor, a guru (I even pictured myself with epic beard) or a benevolent queen, and I have have an interesting idea on where this is going.
I always have been interested in self-realization. It started with a self-help interest in how being happy works, and ended up in a genuine belief that enlightenment in this current life is possible. But until recently, I thought I did this for me, and that my dream to do something for the world was a separate one. When I read Power vs Force by Dr. David Hawkins, however, I realized that both by working on my own enlightenment, I'm also working towards fulfilling my secret mission, which I now know is directly related to my other dream of making the world a better place.
Let me explain: When you look at Hawkins' map of consciousness, there are two major barriers. The level of Courage is the first in which one becomes personally empowered, and the level of Love is where happiness of others emerges as the main motivational force. I recently temporarily crossed through great divide into the realm of love after being ‘stuck' on Reason for many years. As Dr. Hawkins explains; “[the level of Love] has the capacity to lift others and accomplish great feats because of its purity of motive. [It] is misunderstood to be an emotion; actually, it is a state of awareness, a way of being in the world, a way of seeing oneself and others.” Furthermore, simply being in the presence of someone in the highest levels literally raises your own vibrations. In other words, high-energy people counterbalance the negative effect of low-energy people. Therefore, “to become more conscious is the greatest gift anyone can give to the world.”
So my journey of self-realization is how I live up to my highest potential to serve the world..
While I'm typing this I wonder if I sound arrogant or pretentious. For some reason it was very important to me to come out about this, or, as I wrote in my newsletter, ‘to step into my power'. It was as much my hope to inspire you as it was my goal to finalize for myself my pledge to a life of service. So don't think I'm feigning to have it all figured out. But whatever I do know is enough for me to have formed my life around it for a quite some years now. And yes, having the feeling of being on a mission does feel pretty fucking great. It is empowering yet humbling, motivating yet liberating. It doesn't matter if the details are vague, the idea is at least clear enough to help me make both daily choices and bigger life decisions. I can easily ask myself ‘is opportunity X in alignment with my mission?' or ‘how will relocation Y benefit my self-realization?' It provides confidence, guidance, and determination. I'm beyond grateful to know this much about my purpose.
Now I hear you asking, how can I find mine? The answer is simple: Surrender. “Not my will, but Thine be done.” Seriously, give up your small-self ego-you ideas on what material pleasures will deliver you happiness, and let the Universe decide for you. I am currently not where I thought I would end up. There are all sorts of reasons to see my time in Wichita as being stuck somewhere unpleasant (love ya ICT), but this is, like everything once you start following your heart, the best thing that could have ever happened to me. I promise you, if you ask, and you're truly receptive to a response, even if that's something else than your current job in sales you just worked so hard for, you will get an answer.
“We make a brilliant move or decision, or say exactly the right thing at the right moment, without quite knowing why.” – David Hawkins.
Follow your heart and let go and let God are synonyms. It's one and the same. Ontologically speaking, faith and confidence are the same, for the source within is the same as the Source of all. Pick the language you're comfortable with, and know that you're divinely guided. Surrender.
→ How? Start by saying ‘I surrender' out loud. Every day. Pray. Meditate. Set the intention. Dedicate your next walk or workout to letting go of your attachments to your life goals. Imagine what it would be like to just trust that you'll be guided. Start making choices from love, and eliminating choices based on fear. Maybe read my post ‘How to get rid of your fear of the future'. Trust the Universe. Let go.
DAVE WEIGEL thinks Mitt Romney muffed a big chance in the most talked-about exchange in yesterday's debate, when a questioner asked Barack Obama why there hadn't been a response to requests by the Benghazi consulate for heavier security in the days before it was attacked. But Dave Weigel is wrong: there was no big chance to muff. The reason Mr Romney couldn't make hay out of the Benghazi argument is that the argument is a confused mess. The people who are making it doesn't understand what point they're trying to make, so it's not surprising that audiences don't tend to understand it either.
As Mr Weigel says, Mr Obama's initial response to the question was the stock answer he's been giving for weeks: the United States is investigating the attack and will identify the perpetrators and hunt them down. But they think Mr Romney then blew an opportunity to do what Republicans have been trying to do for weeks, ie, turn the attacks into Mr Obama's version of Jimmy Carter's Iranian hostage crisis.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Romney rose and ambled slowly toward an answer. “I—I think the president just said correctly that—that the buck does stop at their desk,” they said, “and—and they take responsibility for—for that—for that—the failure in providing those security resources, and those terrible things may well happen from time to time.” They didn't point out, as they could have, that the commander-in-chief had just dodged Ladka's question. They said that Obama's decision to proceed with a Sept. 12 fundraiser had “symbolic significance, and perhaps even material significance.” Obama was ready for this, too. “The day after the attack, Governor, I stood in the Rose Garden, and I told the American people and the world that we are going to find out exactly what happened, that this was an act of terror.”
Mr Romney then prepared to claim that Mr Obama hadn't called the attack an act of terror; Mr Obama dryly fended off Mr Romney's claim, and moderator Candy Crowley shut Mr Romney down by stating that Mr Obama had in fact referred to them as acts of terror. Point to Mr Obama. Mr Weigel chides Mr Romney for failing to connect the question to the overarching Republican narrative: the "cannonades of questions and documents and witnesses and punditry and timelines [that have] formed into a glowing radioactive gruel, 'Benghazi-gate,' in which the administration was simply hapless and ignorant and unable to say that terrorism exists."
I think that by the time you get to the end of Mr Weigel's sentence here, you should realise that the problem isn't so much with Mitt Romney's delivery yesterday as with the argument itself. Specifically, it's incomprehensible. What on earth would it mean to claim that the Obama administration is unable to say that terrorism exists? Who do Republicans believe the administration thinks it is killing when it approves drone strikes in Pakistan and Yemen? What exactly is it that Republicans are trying to say about the attacks in Benghazi? Are we to believe that Democrats are predisposed to blaming terror on spontaneous mobs of Muslim zealots, as opposed to more organised groups of the same? Putting aside the shoddiness of such an analysis, what sort of indictment of the administration is that supposed to imply, in Republican eyes?
What Republicans want to argue is that the inadequate security at the Benghazi consulate, and the statements by the administration that the attack was connected to mass demonstrations against the YouTube clips, prove that Mr Obama is too "soft", whatever that might mean in the currently available context. One reason this case is so hard to make is that America had a consulate in Benghazi as a result of Mr Obama's rather "hard" decision to launch an air war there in support of an indigenous popular revolution and drive Muammar Qaddafi from power. More significant is that the analytical question of whether attacks on American institutions reflect broad religiously motivated anti-Americanism in the Muslim world or are the acts of small terrorist groups is hard to place on a "soft v hard" partisan or ideological grid. It's generally conservative Republicans who want to claim that Islamic extremism is a major geopolitical threat; yet when Republicans argue that the attack in Benghazi was a pre-planned operation by an Islamist terrorist organisation and that the administration was wrong to connect it to mass popular demonstrations against the YouTube clips, they are arguing that the administration is too worried about Islamic extremism. The implications of this argument in terms of softness or hardness are just confusing.
Take the piece by Michael Hayden, the former CIA director, to which Mr Weigel links. Mr Hayden's case is that the Obama administration's belief that the Benghazi attack reflected spontaneous anger over the YouTube clips reflects its "wishful thinking" on terror. Huh? How is the idea that huge numbers of Libyans are anti-American religious zealots prepared to storm our consulates and kill our diplomats over a YouTube clip supposed to constitute "wishful thinking"? The more evidence arises that Benghazi was just a garden-variety terrorist attack on a consulate like those we've seen since the 1990s, the more the administration seems if anything guilty of being too pessimistic. Mr Hayden then argues the administration was guilty of "wishful thinking" when it intervened against Mr Qaddafi, given the subsequent power vacuum in Libya and the rising power of miiitias and foreign-funded extremist groups. Do they think Mr Qaddafi would have survived without the American intervention? Would that have been better for American interests? How about for Libyan citizens? If Mr Qaddafi had fallen anyway, what is Mr Hayden's point? They don't explain; and obviously if the Republican argument rests on the idea that we should have let Muammar Qaddafi slaughter the citizens of Benghazi in February 2011, it's going to be hard for Mr Romney to score points in debates.
There is really just one concrete issue here: security at the Benghazi consulate proved inadequate, and the administration bears responsibility for that. There's a difficult trade-off to be made between protecting diplomats and turning every American institution abroad into a guarded fortress isolated from popular contact (which has already largely happened over the past 15 years). But there doesn't seem to be much ideological valence to that problem. This just isn't the Iranian hostage crisis. The reason Mitt Romney couldn't make a strong partisan argument out of Benghazi at the debate is that it's basically impossible to make a strong partisan argument out of Benghazi.
Which isn't to say that the argument is not, in its own way, significant. Way deep down, deep in the subconscious of this argument, something of importance is hiding. It has to do with the "us-them" framework we build to classify friends and enemies, and the ambivalent way we think when we assign agency, responsibility and legitimacy to potential enemy groups. To say that an action by a group is "spontaneous" is usually to grant it implied legitimacy: this was not pre-planned, so it reflects the group's true feelings. The word "terrorist", meanwhile, is often used the way "outside agitator" was used in the Jim Crow South, to deny legitimacy to acts of protest or political violence. In fact, these words are misleading. The groups that attacked our consulate in Benghazi could be terrorist organisations and still enjoy popular support and political strength, as Hamas, Hezbollah, the Mahdi Army and the Israeli-Jewish Irgun have at various times. (They seem instead to be smaller players who are trying to establish their credentials through violent attacks on out-group targets, a familiar and often successful strategy which we may yet be able to avoid in Libya.) On the other hand, demonstrations can be "spontaneous" and therefore weak or irrelevant, ungrounded in any organisation with staying power; this is why Americans' hopes for colour revolutions that supposedly express "the will of the people" are so often disappointed. (Hegel's line about "confused notions based on the wild idea of the 'people'" is apposite here.)
So to some extent Mr Romney's fumbling over the Benghazi issue grows out of Americans' deep confusion over how to reconcile the potentially anti-American elements in the Arab-spring revolutions with our "us-them" framework. Republicans want to cast Mr Obama as the weak leader who endangers the group by refusing to recognise that "they" are enemies. But who are "they"? To say that the attack was not spontaneous or popular, but was a pre-planned terrorist operation, is to say that "they" are only small terrorist groups, while the Libyan or more generally Arab masses are not necessarily hostile. That sounds like an argument for the current administration's foreign policy, not against it. Basically, Americans can't figure out a coherent way to divide "us" and "them" in the post-Arab-spring Middle East. Republican and Democratic politicians can't either. This is a good thing! It leaves room for rational discourse, or ought to. But it makes it very hard for Mitt Romney to shape a good line of attack in foreign-policy debates.
Think you haven't heard of sexual economics? Listen to the pop culture.
“Money can't buy me love,” crooned the Beatles. “My love don't cost a thing,” pledged Jennifer Lopez. MTV artists got “money for nothing and the chicks for free,” groused Dire Straits.
Even Adele, in their current No. 1 hit, “Rolling in the Deep,” warns an ex-lover, “Go ahead and sell me out, and I'll lay your ship bare.”
Evidence of sexual economics — a mashup of Adam Smith and Dr. Ruth that seeks to explain how the “sexual market” works — is everywhere, said University of Texas sociology professor Mark Regnerus.
“One of the biggest unacknowledged facts about sex is the underlying economy to it all,” they said. “When you look into it, it's really amazing how it works. And it's fairly elementary as well: We put a price tag on sex. You might not think we ought to do that, but we do. Sex, at one level, is an exchange. … Each person gives the other person something of themselves. But it is typically a different something.”
Mr. Regnerus and co-author Jeremy Uecker use sexual economics theory in their new data-driven book, “Premarital Sex in America: How Young Americans Meet, Mate and Think About Marrying.”
Their conclusion is that, for young single Americans, modern rules of romantic engagement “clearly favor men” and penalize women who want to marry — especially those who want to save sex for marriage.
The price of sex today is “pretty low,” Mr. Regnerus said.
So what was the old “exchange rate” for sex, and how has it changed? Researchers have long recognized that male-female mating systems revolved around exchanges. Even in ancient times, men and women bonded because one could cook, sew, make a home and have babies, and the other could hunt prey and protect the woman and child, Evergreen State College historian Stephanie Coontz recounted in their 2005 book, “Marriage, a History.”
Exchange rates sometimes involved real money or property, in the form of dowries or bride prices, they noted.
Sociologist Linda Waite and syndicated columnist Maggie Gallagher looked at another element of sexual economics in their 2000 book, “The Case for Marriage: Why Married People Are Happier, Healthier and Better Off Financially.”
Married people, compared with adults in other situations, enjoy the highest household incomes, the highest male earnings and highest net worth at retirement, Ms. Waite and Ms. Gallagher wrote.
The reasons for this prosperity include a real-but-unwritten “wage premium” that husbands frequently earn and the prodigious ability of wives to save and hunt for bargains, they wrote.
The birth-control pill rewrote rules about sex and mating, Mr. Regnerus said during a recent forum at the Heritage Foundation think tank. Before the birth-control pill, the sexual market was strongly linked to the “marriage market.”
A man who sought sex with a particular woman typically had to give them something of very high value in exchange — either marriage or at least a marriage proposal, they said. This is because female sexuality has high value to men, they said, citing the seminal paper on sexual economics by Florida State University sociologist Roy Baumeister and consumer psychologist Kathleen Vohs.
However, the birth-control pill disconnected the sexual and marriage markets, and now both men and women typically enter the sexual market first.
The sexual market generally has more men than women in it, and rules of supply and demand operate, with the rarer sex wielding more power, Mr. Regnerus said.
Say a young man wants to get to know their girlfriend of two months “more,” they said. If they say no, “then this tells the man, ‘The price is higher than you think.' And they will have to figure out how high the price is: Do they need more time, more commitment?”
Not all sexual markets are overpopulated by men, Mr. Regnerus said. College campuses and urban areas are often dominated by women, which means that men can and will decide how much — or how little — they will exchange for sex.
Men's rules of engagement play to their interests of having sex often, with many partners, in a more sexually permissive environment, without romance or commitment, they said.
To be sure, many young women “don't mind this new sexual economy. Plenty of them like to spend some time in the sex market before moving on to the marriage market,” Mr. Regnerus said.
The problem, they said, is that women can “underestimate the long-term risk of sex-market behavior.”
Although plenty of women dabble in sexual-market relationships and then settle down successfully with life partners, they said, many women are “not witnessing marriage happening on the timetables they prefer and expected.”
This is because, as economist Timothy Reickert has found, power shifts away from women as they move toward their 30s, Mr. Regnerus said. In other words, women have power when they are the minority in the sex market, but they lose power when they drift into the marriage market, where women outnumber men.
“One reason I am doing this research is to help people who want to get married to make it happen,” Mr. Regnerus said.
The new sexual economy is especially disadvantageous to any woman who wants to remain a virgin until their wedding day, they said. These women essentially never enter the sex market, but instead “hold out for the highest price for sex, which is marriage.”
Today, that is a high-risk strategy, Mr. Regnerus explained, using a housing-market analogy: “You can't just decide that your house is worth $500,000 if everyone else is getting $200,000. … You can try for that price, but it's unlikely you will get it.”
What are women to do if they don't like the current sexual economics?
A fundamental principle of sexual economics is that “sexual activity by females has exchange value, whereas male sexuality does not,” Mr. Baumeister and Ms. Vohs wrote in their 2004 paper.
Thus, women have the power to influence sexual norms were they to use it, Mr. Regnerus said.
“When women collude to restrict men's sexual access to women, all women tend to benefit,” they said, noting that “if women were more in charge of how their romantic relationships transpired … we would be seeing greater male investment in relationships, more impressive wooing efforts, fewer hookups, fewer premarital sexual partners … shorter cohabitations, more marrying … and more marrying at a slightly earlier age. In other words, the price of sex would be higher. It would cost men more to access it.”
However, they said, “none of these things are occurring today. Not one. The price of sex is pretty low.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
A man in Australia smoked a lot of an illicit drug called ice and then, did the unimaginable.
The fellow tried to have sex with a crocodile.
Quite obviously, they are now missing.
The drug -- ice -- can produce an increased sex drive and maybe that's what triggered the urge in the man, but we cannot think of a reason why they would have wanted to make love to a crocodile.
The man's identity cannot be confirmed but an Australian media portal reached out their friends. They have a story to tell.
"He gets completely out of control when he's on the gear," told one of the man's friends to Cairns Times.
"We kept telling to cut back a bit, because we were a bit worried. To be very honest but we never expected anything like this."
The 26-year-old missing man's friend shared how they began acting strangely after smoking a load of the drug.
"We tried to get them to calm down but they were running all over the beach and acting like an idiot."
The same friend told Cairns Times that the man had lost their calm after taking the drug in the past as well, but things had never gone out of hand.
Until this time.
"He was a few hundred metres down the beach when they started pulling their clothes off," said the friend.
And that's when they spotted the crocodile.
ICE, CROCODILE AND SEX
The man tripping on ice stripped naked and leapt at the crocodile, said the friend. It seems, they soon started trying to have sex with the giant.
Some fetish, we say.
"We were still a fair distance back, but I reckon they just about got it in."
"Of course, the croc wasn't having a bar of it, and it started thrashing around like crazy."
The crocodile had its jaws around the man's torso and took them into the water.
The group of friends is then quick to alert the search party but they have not yet found him.
"To be taken by a croc in those circumstances I wouldn't be optimistic for them surviving it," said one of the rescue team members.
FYI || Karma is a crocodile: South African hunter, known for killing exotic wild animals, eaten by crocodiles ||
FYI || Bihar: Snake bites man, man bites wife because they wanted to die together ||
FYI || Watch: Deadly python swallows man, police cuts open snake's stomach to retrieve their body ||
Getty Images
The San Antonio Spurs have done things the same way for almost two decades, but LaMarcus Aldridge's arrival means they may have to do them differently this season.
The Spurs of the past few years have been all ball movement, unselfishness and good-to-great shot-hunting sacrifice. When we think of them, we think of plays like this:
There's something like a hive mind at work here—some kind of telepathy—developed over thousands of hours of attention-to-detail practice and ego subjugation at the hands of Gregg Popovich. The Spurs can play the beautiful game, because they find players who don't care if their stats look pretty in the process.
That's not to say Aldridge is some kind of me-first ego monster. It is to say, though, that a player like him—one with a glamorous, largely individualistic style of play—has never signed on with the Duncan-Popovich Spurs. Where in the Spurs' collective is there room for individuality like this?
Aldridge is a jump-shooting, mid-post-dominating scorer. Their team's schemes have always bent to him.
That's why Aldridge's addition could threaten much of what makes the Spurs great.
Play-Type Preferences
To get a clearer picture of how Aldridge and the Spurs fit together, we need to understand two separate statistical profiles.
Here's Aldridge, whose pertinent play-type data from the 2014-15 season looks like this:
LaMarcus Aldridge Play Types in 2014-15 Type Frequency Points per Play NBA Efficiency Percentile Isolation 6.9% .86 63 Roll Man 15.5% .83 19.5 Post-Up 36.5% .96 82.8 Spot-Up 18.6 1.0 62.9 NBA.com
A beastly matchup in the post, Aldridge totaled the second-most post-up points in the league last year, trailing only throwback technician Al Jefferson. They were also an exceptionally effective spot-up shooter, and their points per play would look even better if he'd attempted more three-point shots.
There's nothing surprising about Aldridge's strengths in their play breakdown. We know who they are, and the data only reinforces it.
Let's check out how the Spurs used their possessions last season.
Spurs Play Types in 2014-15 Type Frequency (NBA Rank) Points Per Play (NBA Rank) NBA Efficiency Percentile ISO 4.7% (29) .80 (24) 20.7 Roll Man 6.0% (22) 1.04 (6) 82.8 Post-Up 9.6% (9) .90 (5) 82.8 Spot-Up 22.9% (2) 1.04 (4) 89.7 NBA.com
Two positive signs emerge immediately: The Spurs don't care much for isolations, and they don't often ask the roll man to finish. That's good news because Aldridge didn't do either of those things particularly well in 2014-15.
San Antonio sets loads of screens, but as that iconic clip above shows, they don't often rely on the big man to finish those plays. More than anything, their role in those instances is to sucker the defense into collapsing before finding open teammates elsewhere.
They also ranked second-to-last in the league by wasting just 4.7 percent of their possessions on hero ball.
It's surprising to note that San Antonio posts up frequently, mainly because such sets conjure up the image of a big man backing their defender down while their teammates stand around idly. Only the Memphis Grizzlies and Portland Trail Blazers were more efficient on those sets.
Don Ryan/Associated Press
Aldridge's post-up usage is extreme, but the Spurs clearly have no problem attacking on the block.
Lastly, and least surprisingly, we see the Spurs were phenomenally good at (and reliant on) spot-up shooting. All that ball movement and unselfishness leads to open looks.
San Antonio used 22.9 percent of its plays on spot-ups, ranking second. It converted 1.04 points per play on them, ranking fourth.
There's more detail to consider here, but what we should take away from this basic play-type data is that Aldridge's game, though seemingly a complicated fit, actually works in San Antonio. The Spurs like post-up plays, and they actively pursue catch-and-shoot opportunities.
Those are the things Aldridge prefers.
Fitting In Seamlessly
Look at San Antonio's shot chart from last year:
NBA.com/Stats
See that red section in the mid-range area on the left side? Aldridge's shot chart shows that's exactly where they love to operate.
NBA.com/Stats
Aldridge's strongest area on that shot chart fits right on top of the Spurs' weakest.  They are a piece that fits.
But what if all of that stuff about play types and shot locations misses the point? After all, it's not so much where the Spurs shoot from that makes them so effective; it's more about when. The ball in that clip was hopping. It didn't stick.
Quick, precisely timed passes like those are what truly make the Spurs different.
And when you think of Aldridge, you think of a player going to work on their man deliberately—sizing them up, taking a few dribbles to get them off balance, bumping him, waiting for an ill-timed lean one way or the other before rising up to score.
He's like a surgeon: careful, proceeding with a plan before making the incision. San Antonio is a team of ninja assassins: ruthless, precise and impossibly quick. Both cut you up just the same, but the way they do it is very different.
Or so we think.
Consider this: Over 50 percent of Aldridge's shots last season came after he'd had the ball for two seconds or less. Almost 45 percent of their shots came within two to six seconds of touching the ball. Less than five percent of their field-goal attempts involved more than six seconds of the possession.
For reference, 14.1 percent of notorious ball-stopper Carmelo Anthony's shooting possessions ate up at least six seconds last year.
On average, even Duncan stopped the ball more frequently than Aldridge did in 2014-15 (though they also got more quick shots up as well).
As a team, the Spurs already tolerate much more ball-stopping than Aldridge tends to commit.
More and more, it appears our perception of Aldridge's game isn't in line with reality. Yes, they do major damage in what are essentially one-on-one situations. And yes, he's a high-volume scorer whose infrequent use of the three-point shot makes them inefficient according to the Spurs' lofty standards. But they don't stand around jab-stepping and shot-faking their man like Anthony does.
They don't waste time. They use it to get the best shot they can.
That sounds pretty Spurs-y to me.
Ready for Each Other
D. Clarke Evans/Getty Images
This is a good fit that could get better.
Aldridge subtly changed their game last season, shooting more threes than ever before and converting them at a 35.2 percent clip. We should expect even more deep shots with San Antonio, and we should also expect their accuracy rate to improve as the Spurs' tic-tac-toe passing affords them more open looks.
Grantland's Zach Lowe believes, given time, Aldridge can succeed: "It will take them a bit to feel the flow of the Spurs' nonstop offense—the constant screening, the dribble hand-offs that connect one action to the next, the cutting and passing. But Aldridge is a high-IQ player who can adapt."
The trickier issue is the philosophical one. Because even though the data suggests this isn't going to be as complicated a fit as it might seem, there's still going to be some friction. And when that arises, the Spurs and Aldridge will face difficult questions.
Who's supposed to accommodate whom here? Should the Spurs bend to the preferences of an individual player after bending players to their needs for so long?
San Antonio is going to be smart about this, and it's going to put Aldridge in situations to succeed. Maybe that success will come in slightly different ways than he's used to, but it's difficult to imagine he'll be unprepared when their coach explains to them that the Spurs do things a certain way.
Aldridge told reporters (h/t USA Today's Avery Stone) of their free-agency meeting with Popovich:
You've seen TNT interviews, right? It was like that, but a little bit nicer. Pop isn't going to tell you sweet stories or try to make up things. He's a very honest person. He's very caring, but he's not going to sweet-talk you...Our meeting wasn't an hour of them sweet-talking me. It was basically just talking basketball, and it was awesome.
This is a player fully aware of what they signed up for, and that will matter more than anything when the rough moments come.
Up to this point, the Spurs were always the ones doing the picking. They selected or developed players with the team-first personalities necessary to succeed in their system.
Though Aldridge's arrival as a star free agent is something different, and though San Antonio has never faced the challenge of integrating a player like him, it's important to remember that these two parties picked each other.
Garrett Ellwood/Getty Images
Aldridge knows what makes the Spurs who they are. And you have to assume the Spurs believe Aldridge has the kind of personality they prefer.
In the end, it's fair to wonder about questions of logical and philosophical fit. But the more deeply you examine the Spurs-Aldridge pairing, the a more unsurprising feeling emerges: San Antonio already thought all of this through, and then it put $84 million behind its conclusion.
Given all that, we should expect the Spurs to meet this new challenge intelligently, collectively, and ultimately, successfully.
Just like always.
All stats courtesy of NBA.com.
Grant Hughes covers the NBA for Bleacher Report. Follow them on Twitter @gt_hughes.
This job posting is no longer available on Indeed.
Read what people are saying about working here.
****To express your interest, please APPLY AT http://revolutioncannabisco.com/employment/DO NOT EMAIL APPLY ON INDEED****
Revolution Enterprises cultivates health and happiness through the science of cannabis.
Our responsibility is to foster a world where society fully understands the science of cannabis and its medicinal risks and benefits, cannabis businesses uplift communities both economically and socially, people are free to make educated decisions for their own health, and the efficacy of cannabis is maintained through highly regulated and controlled markets.
We are seeking a junior graphic designer that is excited to be a part of the Revolution we are helping to create.
Qualifications and Experience:
Advanced knowledge of necessary design software
Ability to work in a high-pressure, fast-paced start up environment
ability to make compelling, professional work under tight deadlines
Preparing files for print production
A love for the craft as well as art of design
Extreme attention to detail
Excited to offer creative ideas and solutions
Ability to accept and provide constructive criticism
Ability and desire to keep your files organized and clean
Bonus points
Animation experience
Video and photography experience
Illustration and drawing skills
Duties
Social media and web graphics
Print materials: brochures, booklets, banners, et
Branding and logos
Apparel design
Presentations
Packaging and label design
Job Type: Full-time
Required experience:
Must be able to provide samples or portfolio: 1 year
Required education:
Poland's Foreign Minister Witold Waszczykowski attends a news conference after the meeting of Foreign Ministry officials in Warsaw, Poland June 27, 2016. Agencja Gazeta/Slawomir Kaminski/via REUTERS
WARSAW (Reuters) - Poland's foreign minister demanded on Tuesday that the European Union's executive leaders step down because its policy failed to preserve EU's unity given Britain's decision to quit the bloc.
Witold Waszczykowski said also that some prerogatives of the Commission should be transferred to a grouping of member states' heads, known as the European Council, who unlike the Commission possess a democratic mandate.
Poland's eurosceptic ruling party (PiS) is at loggerheads with Brussels over issues including its constitutional court, migrant policy, climate policy and logging in ancient forests.
“We are asking if this ... leadership of the European Commission, which only a few months ago called on politicians to ... stop listening to their electorates, has ... a right to continue functioning, fixing Europe,” Waszczykowski said.
“In our opinion, it does not,” they said. “New politicians, new commissioners should undertake this task, and first of all we should give new prerogatives to the European Council, because it consists of politicians who have a democratic mandate.”
In May, European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said some heads of member states were listening exclusively to their electorates and not developing a “common European sense”.
“Usually in politics when a political project fails ... and here it is a political project to preserve European unity ... then one either has to change the rules of the game or give other politicians a chance to improve this project,” Waszczykowski said.
Juncker has also criticised the reluctance of central and eastern European states, who mostly joined the bloc in 2004, to accept migrant quotas proposed by the Commission.
Anheuser-Busch donating drinking water, plus $100K, to help Sandy victims
Get all the latest industry news in your inbox.
ST. LOUIS — Anheuser-Busch is sending its support to those affected by Hurricane Sandy in the form of 44,000 cases — 1,056,000 cans — of emergency drinking water and a generous monetary donation to the American Red Cross.
The brewing company has already shipped 4,000 cases to two New Jersey distributors — Harrison Beverage in Pleasantville, N.J., and Ritchie & Page Distributing in Robbinsville, N.J. — that should be available to the American Red Cross and other local disaster relief organizations today. Another 10,000 will be delivered to Floyd Bennett Field in Brooklyn over the weekend.
"Relief workers and people in the region are in need of safe, clean drinking water, and Anheuser-Busch is in a unique position to produce and ship large quantities of emergency drinking water," said Peter Kraemer, VP supply for Anheuser-Busch. "Our local distributors help identify those communities most in need and work with relief organizations, such as the American Red Cross, to make sure the water gets where it's needed."
In addition to the water donation, Anheuser-Busch also is donating $100,000 to the American Red Cross to go toward on-the-ground support for disaster relief workers and victims of Hurricane Sandy.
Anheuser-Busch has a history of assisting communities after such disasters as Sandy. In 1906, the company donated to victims of the San Francisco earthquake, and it's donated more than 71 million cans of emergency drinking water since 1988. Additionally, the company is the founding sponsor — through a $2.1 million grant — of the American Red Cross Rating Program, which prepares businesses, schools and organizations for disasters and familiarizes them with effective safety measures.
We're hoping its warming up in Chicago as we get ready to celebrate St Patrick's Day, Chicago-style! In any case, let's get out of the cold and take in some of the Free Days at Museums in Chicago in March 2013 — We love Chicago's FREE museums, many of which host free days in March 2013! Check out the free admission days in March 2013 at the Shedd Aquarium, the Chicago History Museum, the Art Institute of Chicago, the Field Museum, Museum of Science and Industry, Museum of Contemporary Art and the Chicago Children's Museum!
Out-of-state visitors may continue to take advantage of great discounted admission offers that include special prices for seniors, children, educators, active-duty military personnel, museum members and others. Check individual museums' websites for details. Are there some we are missing? Leave a comment and we'll add them!
The Adler Planetarium: – March 5, 6
The Art Institute of Chicago –
NEW — Free Thursday Evenings – Admission to the Art Institute of Chicago is free to Illinois residents every Thursday from 5:00 to 8:00 p.m.
Charnley-Persky House Museum – FREE guided tours are offered every Wednesday at 12 Noon. Tours are limited to 15 guests, first-come, first-served.
Chicago Children's Museum – FREE for all visitors every Thursday, 5-8 pm. FREE on the first Sunday of each month (March 3) for children 15 and under.
Chicago History Museum – Monday, March 4
Clarke House Museum – CHICAGO'S OLDEST HOUSE – Wednesdays
DuSable Museum of African American History – Sundays
Field Museum – March 6, 7
Glessner House Museum: – Wednesdays
=====================================================
=====================================================
Jane Addams Hull House Museum – Free every day
Loyola University Museum of Art – Tuesdays
Museum of Contemporary Art – Tuesdays
Museum of Science and Industry – March 4
Museum of Surgical Science – Tuesdays
The National Museum of Mexican Art – Free Tuesdays to Sundays
Notebaert Nature Museum – March 7, 14, 21, 28
Shedd Aquarium — March: 4, 5, 11, 12, 18, 19, 25, 26
Smart Museum of Art at University of Chicago – Free every day
Swedish American Museum – Second Tuesday is Free – March 12
The valley in which we rode was once a fiery battleground.
The rolling fields, like grassy ocean swells, which give way to imposing mountains on both the left and the right were just as scenic and stoic as in the mid-1800s. Men fought and killed each other on that very same ground over slavery and the preservation of the union.
It was upsetting to think such a beautiful landscape was formerly demeaned by the horrors of war. I couldn't fathom what residents thought in the midst of it; the Blue Ridge Mountains to the east and the Appalachian Plateau to the west illuminated with cannon and mortar fire, droves of ragged military men charging and hollering and killing, patches of farmland saturated with blood.
It sounds sensationalized but indeed the Shenandoah Valley was the crux of the Eastern Theater of the Civil War. At the mouth of the valley to the north, the town of Winchester, Virginia is said to have changed hands more than 70 times throughout the conflict.
Aside from the complete lack of 19th century militarization, though with the presence of modern technologies like telephone lines, paved roads, and automobiles, much of what could be seen from our roving vantage struck me with the feeling that most of it remains exactly the same as it was for generations past.
Shenandoah is the regional name for a much larger valley — aptly called the Great Valley or Great Appalachian Valley — which is as expansive as the mountains among which it's nestled, extending its reach from Alabama to Quebec.
We entered via I-81 heading southbound, by way of Pennsylvania Amish country, Western Maryland, and West Virginia's Eastern Panhandle.
The Pennsylvania portion of the highway, much like the Shenandoah ahead, appeared as if untouched by the passing of time, though stuck perhaps in a rustier era. From Allentown to Harrisburg down through Chambersburg near the state border, farmland along the side of the road was interrupted by regular intervals of empty stockyards, corroded silos, and sizable lots full of semi-trailer trucks for sale.
The experience was a novelty for someone all too accustomed the modernity and perpetual redevelopment of New England cities. There was an eeriness to the land, as if decades ago a mass evacuation was staged and only a handful of stubborn, homegrown families opted to remain.
People still tend to these lands and these buildings. Every so many miles, we passed large corporate depots that are likely to employ much of the surrounding community members who cannot make their living by farming alone.
As we continued south, the wide Pennsylvania basin funneled us into the narrower Shenandoah. Roadside signs spring up for Civil War battlefields and monuments, as well as natural caves, gorges, and hillside respites.
The modern Shenandoah still commands a rustic, antebellum charm. The fertile land is populated with farming equipment scattered throughout, belonging to rural homes that are few and far between from north to south. It's easy to see why so much of the Civil War hinged on controlling the Shenandoah. It boasts lush and verdant agriculture, is naturally fortified, is central to a network of tributaries and watersheds, and doubles as a north-south highway — all of which is still true today.
In that sense, the scenery moonlights as a time machine. Squinting off in the distance, we could almost make out the amorphous shape of belligerents marching into combat.
In the spring of 1862, Confederate hero and soon-to-be-legend General “Stonewall” Jackson made a nuanced play for the valley.
They engaged a southbound Union force under the command of General Nathaniel P. Banks in Kernstown outside of Winchester, almost 75 miles west of Washington D.C. Although Jackson technically lost this battle, their troops largely outnumbered, it proved a strategic swing in the south's favor.
Jackson was some 40-plus miles south of Kernstown, Virginia when they received intelligence that a sizable chunk of Banks's army was being sent to reinforce infamous Union commander General George B. McClellan's as they undertook their doomed Peninsula Campaign against the Confederate stronghold of Richmond.
As such, Jackson was ordered on the offensive and moved against Banks at Kernstown. Jackson's army was eventually overwhelmed and retreated but not without a subsequent consolation that proved significant. Their dash and daring caught the attention of President Abraham Lincoln, who sent Banks's partitioned forces back to the valley to defend the not-so-distant capital and reinforce armies throughout western Virginia.
As three Union commands descended down the valley Jackson was able to pivot backwards from one to the other, essentially conducting a series of southward zig-zagging maneuvers. This kept the Union from consolidating its forces, and Jackson able to maintain the element of surprise.
Ultimately Banks would retreat from the valley having pursued Jackson down through most of it and, as such, controlled it. But Jackson pushed Banks out, stealing the valley for the time being and garnering something much more strategic and valuable than an enemy retreat: the reputation of a creative, perceptive, and triumphant pragmatist.
In 1863, Robert E. Lee used the Shenandoah to divert attention away from their Army of Northern Virginia as it undertook an invasion of the north which culminated with the grisly Battle of Gettysburg.
Inn 1864, Union General Philip Sheridan levied against the valley the same scorched earth tactic that enabled William Tecumseh Sherman to bend the south to their will and “make Georgia howl.”
According to the National Park Service ”Sheridan's overwhelmingly successful campaign… crushed further Confederate resistance in the Shenandoah Valley… For the Confederacy, the campaign was a humiliating disaster, and one of a string of setbacks that fall and winter which ultimately lead to final defeat less than six months later.”
I blinked and saw plumes of black smoke rising from military columns discharging rifles, as well as from homes and crops incinerating the surrounding terrain as far north and south as I could view from a moving car, and as far east and west as the imposing valley walls would allow.
I blinked again and saw but green sparsely populated with farmhouses and barns all looking crisp and fresh in the early spring sunshine.
We continued driving south, past such attractions as the Woodrow Wilson Presidential Library and Museum, the Virginia Safari Park, and the James River. We crossed the river and careened through a rugged mountain gap until we had officially passed through the Shenandoah.
It's no surprise that this precious, natural wonder was what so many natives, settlers, militants, and pioneers depended upon for survival. It was and still is a terrestrial breadbasket.
In conducting further research, I realized that the area is much more accommodating than solely for those who live in and pass through the valley. The encompassing ridges attract trailblazers year round for hiking and camping in the temperate months, and winter athletes in the frigid ones. The abundant hillsides and slopes are like a miniature Napa, home to a blossoming winery and viticulture scene. The small towns are rustic and picturesque, the people warm and welcoming, both mirroring the best attributes of the surrounding valley.
Indeed spanning south-central Pennsylvania and northwest North Carolina is a swath of paradise, fortified by peaks hundreds of millions of years old.
The spirit of the Shenandoah's grave years still shrouds the land but it's overwhelmingly suffused with elegant beauty. Time has since proceeded on, but somehow also remained paused. As we drove through it was the present, but it was also the past and the future.
Remember this categorical assurance from President Obama?
“We'll lower premiums by up to $2,500 for a typical family per year. . . . We'll do it by the end of my first term as president of the United States”
OK, it's probably a little unfair to take some June 2008 campaign "puffery" literally--even though it was reiterated by candidate Obama's economic policy advisor, Jason Furman in a sit-down with a New York Times reporter: "‘We think we could get to $2,500 in savings by the end of the first term, or be very close to it." Moreover, President Obama subsequently doubled-down on their promise in July 2012, assuring small business owners “your premiums will go down.” Fortunately, the Washington Post fact-checker, Glenn Kessler, honestly awarded the 2012 claim Three Pinocchios (“Significant factual error and/or obvious contradictions”).
Unfortunately, this has never settled the debate. When the Society of Actuaries estimated spring 2013 that the ACA would result in increasing claims costs by an average of 32 percent nationally by 2017, such estimates could be dismissed as "projections" since at the time of this study, actual premiums in the Exchanges had not yet been announced. A subsequent plethora of studies showed there had been double-digit increases in premiums (when comparing actual Exchange premiums to previously-prevailing premiums in the non-group market). However, virtually all of these studies focused only on Exchange premiums rather than premiums in the entire non-group market (only half of which consists of Exchange coverage). As a consequence, Obamacare proponents tended to dismiss these studies either as partisan attacks or methodologically limited, making what amounts to apples-to-oranges comparisons.
However, a new study from the well-respected and non-partisan National Bureau of Economic Research (and published by Brookings Institution), overcomes the limitations of these prior studies by examining what happened to premiums in the entire non-group market. The bottom line? In 2014, premiums in the non-group market grew by 24.4% compared to what they would have been without Obamacare. Of equal importance, this careful state-by-state assessment showed that premiums rose in all but 6 states (including Washington DC). It's worth unpacking this study a bit to understand the ramification of these findings.
Non-Group Premiums Rose in 45 States Due to Obamacare
The non-group market can only be accurately assessed on a state-by-state basis. Obamacare. The law creates a single risk pool in each state for non-group coverage. That is, health insurers can sell policies inside or outside the Exchanges but they all are part of the same risk pool. Unlike virtually all other studies that have been conducted to date, this new study examined premium data from both Exchange and non-Exchange plans, i.e., providing a picture of the complete non-group market rather than one segment. This is crucially important since in nearly one third of states (16), Exchange coverage constitutes 40% or less of the entire non-group market (Table 1).
Of equal importance, unlike prior studies which simply compared pre-Obamacare premiums in 2013 to actual premiums offered on Exchanges in 2014, this new study isolates the causal impact of Obamacare statistically by using trend data in each state to figure out what non-group premiums in 2014 would have been in the absence of Obamacare. Thus, critics could dismiss many other so-called "pre-/post" studies by effectively saying "Well, premiums in the non-group have always gone up by a large amount, so what's happening under Obamacare is no different." Such criticisms cannot be levied at this study. All of the percentage changes shown in the chart below represent the net change attributable to Obamacare after accounting for all the other factors that would have made premiums go up.[1]
Clearly, the adverse impact of Obamacare on non-group premiums varies sizably across states. The law is estimated to result in lower premiums in only 6 states. However, it should be noted that while the author presented premium estimates for California and New Jersey, the data for these two states is incomplete due to anomalous data reporting requirements. Thus, the large estimated premium decline of 37.5% in New Jersey likely would be different were full data available, but there is no way of telling by how much.
What is disturbing is to see premium increases in excess of 35% in 9 states, including some of the nation's largest states (Florida and Texas). Remember, these are increases above and beyond normal premium trends. No one can credibly claim that these massive premium increases would have happened anyway since the study was specifically designed to isolate the law's impacts from all the other factors that have driven up premiums in recent years.
Taxpayers Will Pay About 24% More for Exchange Subsidies Due to Obamacare-induced Premium Increases
Of course, Obamacare enthusiasts will argue that I'm ignoring all the subsidies provided to Exchange members. It's certainly true that for those lucky enough to qualify for such subsidies, the typical size of a subsidy in any given state would have been sufficient to protect such individuals from the premium increases shown in the chart above. But that ignores the fact that out of an estimated 13.2 million people covered in the non-group market in second quarter 2014 (Kowalski's estimate), only about 7 million qualified for subsidies.[2] Thus, there were 6.2 million in the non-group market who had to absorb these premium increases without the benefit of any help from Uncle Sam.
Moreover, the fact that federal taxpayers were handed the privilege of having to offset such premium increases using their hard-earned tax dollars should in no way obscure the reality that Obamacare caused premiums to rise in the first place. Higher premiums are not what was promised when the law was enacted. Of equal importance, such subsidies represent a transfer that does not improve the welfare of the nation as a whole. A dollar given to an Exchange member to offset these higher premiums is simply a dollar taken out of the pocket of another American taxpayer. Indeed, had premiums not risen in the first place, the amount of subsidies required on the Exchanges could have been roughly 24% lower.[3] Increasing the tab that taxpayers had to pay for such subsidies by roughly one fourth certainly in no way increased the nation's welfare.
In short, it is harder and harder for champions of Obamacare to ignore the plain truth that this misguided law has increased premiums in the non-group market, a burden borne by millions who have to buy coverage in that market without the benefit of taxpayer subsidies and by the taxpayers who must bankroll subsidies for those who qualify. As I've demonstrated repeatedly, this law creates many more losers than winners. The many millions in the non-group market who are having to pay higher premiums due to Obamacare are just one slice of a much larger pool of losers. But until this increasingly incontestable reality are acknowledged by the law's supporters there is no prospect of changing a law that continues (quite sensibly) to be opposed by the majority of Americans.
Update #1: October 24, 2014
Ken Kelly Tweets: "The law creates a single risk pool in each state..." is incorrect in two ways: http://healthaffairs.org/blog/2014/05/01/implementing-health-reform-a-summary-health-insurance-marketplace-enrollment-report/#comment-622095. Mr. Kelly is technically correct. To be more precise, Sec. 1312(c)(1) specifies: "A health insurance issuer shall consider all enrollees in all health plans (other than grandfathered health plans) offered by such issuer in the individual market, including those enrollees who do not enroll in such plans through the Exchange, to be members of a single risk pool." Thus, grandfathered plans were never to be considered part of the single pool. And as law professor Timothy Jost: "Neither, apparently, are transitional 2013 plans, although the guidance on this is not wholly clear. And neither are excepted benefit plans, such as fixed-dollar indemnity or specified disease coverage." But these exceptions are immaterial to my observation that examining Obamacare's impact on premiums properly should be done at the state level since each state's non-group insurance market is different and disconnected from other non-group insurance markets in neighboring states. That is, if premiums rise in state X, there's no reason they cannot decline in neighboring state Y etc. due to differences in patient health status, utilization behavior, regulations etc. Admittedly, some macroeconomic factors might have cross-border effects: a regional recession might lower use/costs across several states simultaneously. But for analytic purposes, states are the correct unit of analysis certainly for Prof. Kowalski's purpose. I trust Mr. Kelly would not disagree with this assessment.
Footnotes
[1] As explained by the authors, "Post values are averages from 2014Q1 and 2014Q2, weighted by average monthly enrollment. Pre-2014 values are an estimate of what the post value would have been absent the implementation of the ACA. They are obtained by estimating seasonally-adjusted trend regression for each series from 2008Q1 to 2014Q2, omitting 2013Q4 and allowing for a separate intercept for 2014. The pre value reflects the post value minus the 2014 intercept." Amanda E. Kowalski. The Early Impact of the Affordable Care Act State-by-State. Working Paper 20597. http://www.nber.org/papers/w20597. National Bureau of Economic Research, October 2014. © 2014 by Amanda E. Kowalski. All rights reserved. To create my chart, I simply calculated percentages based on the pre- and post-ACA values reported in Table 1.
[2] The last set of officially-reported figures from ASPE (codified by Kaiser Family Foundation here) show that as of April 19, 2014, 6,670,458 Exchange members were receiving subsidies, but these figures excluded the states of Maryland, Massachusetts, and Minnesota.
[3] This figure is obtained by summing the aggregate monthly premium increase attributable to Obamacare across states (leaving out the 6 states where premiums declined). The Kowalski figures do not allow me to decompose this increase into the portion that occurred among Exchange plans (the only place where subsidies are allowed) and those occurring among plans outside the Exchanges. Since there were 8 million Exchange plan members out of 13.2 million, one could assume that roughly 60% (8/13.2) or $368 million a month of the premium increase occurred on Exchange plans. This potentially represents $4.4 billion in higher subsidies required in 2014 attributable to higher premiums. By way of comparison, the Kaiser Family Foundation figures show an estimated total of $18.4 billion in premium and cost-sharing subsidies will be paid out in 2014. This would imply that premium increases could account for as much as 24% of that total.
READ CHRIS' BOOK, The American Health Economy Illustrated (AEI Press, 2012), available at Amazon and other major retailers. Follow@ConoverChris on Twitter , and The Apothecary on Facebook. Or, sign up to receive a weekly e-mail digest of articles from The Apothecary.
YOU would think scientists of the NSW Climate Change Research Centre had done enough damage to their warmist crusade.
A month ago, its Professor Chris Turney got their ship of researchers stuck in Antarctic sea ice they had claimed was melting away.
“Sea ice is disappearing due to climate change, but here ice is building up,” Turney's expedition wailed.
In fact Turney's team — planning to examine parts of the Antarctic “highly susceptible to melting and collapse from ocean warming” — apparently hadn't realised sea ice there had grown over three decades to record levels.
How we laughed.
Blog with Andrew Bolt
Turney's climate centre, at the University of NSW, sponsored this disaster, which ended with two icebreakers rescuing the mortified professor and their warming crusaders.
It's farce like that which helps explain why the CSIRO reported last week only 47 per cent of Australians buy its spin that the climate is changing and we're to blame.
Australians now rate global warming of “low importance”, the CSIRO sighed, and warmists faced “the challenge of finding the right language” to gee them up. But up bobs another Climate Change Research Centre scientist to show the warmists' problem isn't the “right language” but the false hype.
Two years ago, Professor Matthew England appeared on the ABC's Q&A to attack Nick Minchin, the former Howard government industry minister and a sceptic. Minchin had raised a puzzling fact: the planet had not warmed further since 1998.
“Basically we've had a plateauing of temperature rise,” they said. CO2 emissions had soared, but “we haven't had the commensurate rise in temperature that the IPCC predicted”.
England's response?
“What Nick just said is actually not true. The IPCC projections from 1990 have borne out very accurately.”
England later even accused sceptics of “lying that the IPCC projections are overstatements”.
So imagine my surprise when England admitted last week there had been a “hiatus” and “plateau in global average temperatures” after all. Startled readers asked England to explain how they could call sceptics liars two years ago for mentioning a “plateau” they now agreed was real.
England was defiant: “In terms of my comments on Q&A, I stand by them. Back then, the observations had not departed from the model projection range. In the past year or two, 2012 average and also 2013, that's no longer the case.”
What bull. In fact, five years ago the pause was already so obvious that Family First senator Steve Fielding confronted Penny Wong, Labor's climate change minister.
“Global warming quite clearly over the last decade hasn't been actually occurring,” Fielding said, and showed Wong the temperature charts. Wong and their advisers — chief scientist Penny Sackett and climate scientist Will Steffen — said they were wrong. Journalists mocked him. Except, of course, the warming pause is now so obvious even England now admits it.
True, the warmists always have excuses and the ABC reports each without noting how the latest contradicts the last. Last week it reported England's new paper explaining the warming pause: “Stronger than normal trade winds in the central Pacific are the main cause of a 13-year halt in global surface temperature increases ...”
England now claims those stronger winds somehow drove the missing warming into the deep ocean.
But only eight years ago the ABC reported the opposite: “The vast looping system of air currents that fuels Pacific trade winds ... has weakened by 3.5 per cent over the past 140 years and the culprit is probably human-induced climate change.”
Eh?
Will the ABC at least apologise now to sceptics who warned of the warming pause it now reports? How about a sorry from chief science presenter Robyn Williams, who once likened sceptics to people who “told you paedophilia is good for children”.
The Climate Change Research Centre might apologise, too. Another of its scientists, Professor Andy Pitman, once complained “climate scientists are losing the fight” because sceptics are “so well funded”, “don't have day jobs” and “can put all of their efforts into misinforming”.
But warmists are being tripped up by stubborn facts, not corrupt sceptics. Where's my warming, dude?
Emeritus professor Garth Paltridge, a former CSIRO chief research scientist, warns climate scientists hungry for power, fame and funding could have utterly trashed the reputation of science. They may have “been drawn into the trap of seriously overstating the climate problem ... to promote the cause”.
“It risks destroying, perhaps for centuries to come, the unique and hard-won reputation for honesty which is the basis of society's respect for scientific endeavour.”
What a tragedy. Or is it? At least we won't all die of heat.
The Jeep snaked its way across the verdant mountains of Shennongjia in the early hours of the morning, carrying with it a crew of five of the area's top leaders. It was May 1976, and the group was returning to Songbai — a small town in China's central Hubei province — after a day of meetings about agricultural production seven hours away in Yunyang.
At around 5 a.m. Chen Liansheng, at the time the deputy director of the Shennongjia party office, was startled awake by a shout from the driver: “There's something up ahead!”
Food was scarce in Shennongjia at the time. If the group had stumbled upon a wild sheep or goat, it would present a rare chance to fill the stomachs of several households. But as then-29-year-old Chen stared through their bleary eyes at the animal standing in the car's headlights, they realized something wasn't right. This was no sheep; it was the same height as a tall human and walked on its hind legs.
Buoyed by their advantage in numbers, Chen and the other three passengers in the back jumped out of the vehicle to surround the animal in the hope of capturing it. As the group came close, Chen saw that the animal's body was covered in red fur. Frightened, the animal grasped at the branches hanging over the track to pull itself up and on to the slope beside the track, but failed and fell down into shrubbery before running off.
The four got back in the car and for the rest of the journey back tried, and failed, to make sense of what they'd just seen. The daily broadcast on the car's radio of the folk song “Sing the East is Red” marked their arrival at Songbai.
In the 40 years since that night, there have been a reported 200 sightings of a so-called yeren — literally savage or “wild person” — Shennongjia's very own Bigfoot. Despite a lack of any conclusive scientific evidence, Shennongjia's Bigfoot believers maintain to this day that such a creature does exist. Chen, now 70, is among them.
Chen Liansheng, now 70-years-old, poses for a photo in downtown Wuhan, Hubei province, Aug. 5, 2016. Feng Jiayun/Sixth Tone
Shennongjia, a region covering more than 3,000 square kilometers, can seem like a magical place. Clouds often shroud the karst mountains that support a primeval forest covering 96 percent of the area. Hidden beneath the mist and the forest's canopy is an ecosystem of incredible biodiversity home to the golden snub-nosed monkey, the clouded leopard, the Asian black bear, and the bizarre-looking Chinese giant salamander.
For its human inhabitants, though, the region can be a tough environment — especially in the 1970s. After graduating from Wuhan University, Chen was sent to Shennongjia where they and their colleagues were charged with leading the various departments of the local government. They quickly found that there were hardly any schools and food was scarce. Chen survived mostly on corn. Rice, they say, was a rare treat.
On a humid August evening, soft-spoken Chen is drinking tea in a cafe in Hubei's provincial capital Wuhan and recalls how, after the encounter, they phoned the vice minister of the publicity department for Yunyang, inviting them to visit the scene of the sighting. When the pair inspected the scene, they found unusual-looking red hair which they presumed belonged to the unidentified creature.
Chen decided to contact the central government, and sent an 800-word report to the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS). The experts at CAS deemed the discovery significant. “It was important that the eyewitnesses were all high-ranking officials,” Chen says. “As party members we wouldn't have lied.” The experts at CAS contacted Hubei provincial government and told them to give the issue their immediate attention. A year later, in 1977, they set up an investigation unit.
I was supposed to enjoy my family life after I retired 20 years ago, but I stayed here due to my sense of responsibility as officials gave me this task. - Wang Shancai, Bigfoot hunter
The group of more than 100 people spent four months on the case. The team, which included experts from CAS, Wuhan University and soldiers, found a nest, fur and large footprints, all of which they suspected belonged to the mystery animal.
Ultimately, the investigation did not result in any conclusive evidence.
The failure of the investigation to bear fruit came as no surprise to Wang Shancai, an 80-year-old diehard Bigfoot believer, who was among China's first batch of archeologists in the 1950s. Speaking about the head of the investigation, military official Wang Gaosheng, Wang says: “He knew nothing about scientific research.”
It isn't a surprise that Wang sounds bitter. Just a year before the CAS-commissioned project of 1977, they had been sought by the local government in Shennongjia to lead an investigation, prompted by a farmer's encounter with an unidentified creature in May 1974.
But it was a small-scale investigation with only 30 members, and in October, after only two months, Wang was ordered to step down and return to their position as a low-level civil servant to conduct government meetings, as the central leadership sought to maintain stability following Mao's death that September.
Wang Shancai at their home in Wuhan, Hubei province, Aug. 6, 2016. Feng Jiayun/Sixth Tone
But Wang's passion for the cause was never completely extinguished, and in 2009 they established the Hubei Wild-men Investigation Institute, of which they are chairperson. The private organization's membership includes experts, officials, and ordinary citizens.
Although the association has no governmental backing, Wang continues to view their quest as an unshakable duty. Their wife, son, and daughter moved to Shanghai a long time ago, but they have stayed behind. “I was supposed to enjoy my family life after I retired 20 years ago, but I stayed here due to my sense of responsibility as officials gave me this task,” Wang says. “I feel that I should devote myself to this issue.”
At that time, public money was funding the search for the Shennongjia savage. The Hubei government and CAS both supported the 1977 investigation. But over the years, these funds have dried up.
In 2009, Wang decided to establish the association in the hope of discovering definitively whether or not the Shennongjia savage exists. But they discovered that the then-director of the Wuhan Forestry Bureau didn't believe in the savage, and as such no public money has been forthcoming.
Today, the association is struggling to raise funds to carry out an investigation. Wang has approached entrepreneurs, but found them unwilling to provide money for their search because of the uncertainty of any return on investment.
Given that many Chinese people can hardly afford food, it doesn't make sense for the government to devote money and human resources into this issue. - Zhao Lingxia, paleoanthropologist
Wang insists that solving the mystery is scientifically significant enough to be worthy of support. “Many people have seen it,” they insist. “We won't jump to reckless conclusions as scientists, but whatever name you give it, I believe this strange being exists.”
But Bigfoot believers aren't just up against reluctant investors. They also face accusations that their quest is simply a ploy to increase interest in the area and boost local tourism.
Luo Yongbin, director of administration at the Shennongjia National Nature Reserve, is adamant that their cause not be construed as an attempt to generate interest in the region. “Shennongjia isn't hyping things up for tourism,” they say. “The people in Shennongjia haven't created the myth for their own benefit, or to increase the renown of the place.”
In their more than 20 years in Shennongjia, 45-year-old Luo has heard many of the eyewitness accounts of Bigfoot. They rattle them off with a twinkle in their eye, gesticulating wildly as if they were present for each.
Luo's time eventually came in 2008, when they claim they spotted a female creature with a child. Luo was travelling with a journalist for a local television station who had been interviewing him. The journalist was asleep at the time, and promptly accused Luo of making up the story to create publicity to help the area's tourist industry. When Luo posted their story online, they faced a similar response. “People cursed me out,” they laugh. “But we aren't lying.”
A Bigfoot statue stands in front of the natural history museum in Shennongjia, Hubei province, Aug. 3, 2016. Feng Jiayun/Sixth Tone
The reaction is a reminder that, however convinced the individual is, eyewitness accounts are impossible to verify. Scientists also point out that not one single Bigfoot fossil has ever been found, yet other fossils are relatively abundant.
Zhao Lingxia, a CAS expert in paleoanthropology — the study of human evolution through fossils — believes the only reliable evidence can come from bones. “For us paleoanthropologists, we need bones to verify the existence of a species because soft tissue can get rotten, but bones will not,” they say.
With such a lack of scientific evidence, Zhao believes it is time for people to move on. “Given that many Chinese people can hardly afford food, it doesn't make sense for the government to devote money and human resources into this issue,” they say. “They have more important things to do.”
Wang Shancai is aware of the case against Bigfoot believers like himself, but remains unmoved. “Some animal experts from Beijing China Academy of Sciences reach to conclusions without even having been there,” they say. “It's ridiculous that they claim to know all animals while sitting at home.” It is improbable that such a claim would be used today, however, given that new species are discovered on a daily basis.
Wang is confident that their association would be able to solve the mystery quickly with modern technology, including cameras, infrared detectors, and monitors. But it's the cost of the technology that is proving the greatest barrier to realizing their life's mission.
While Wang's dedication to uncovering Shennongjia's Bigfoot sees them living alone in their old age thousands of miles from family, for Chen, the saga is mostly in the past. Although they believe further investigation into the unsolved mystery is necessary, they haven't let it take over their life. Forty years after their mountaintop sighting, Chen lives happily in retirement with their wife in the provincial capital of Wuhan.
The quest to prove the existence of the Shennongjia savage may have yet to bear fruit, but the legend has given Chen a gift: a one-of-a-kind story. “I have told the story to my grandkids, and I also told my son when they were little,” Chen smiles. “He was amazed.”
Additional reporting by Feng Jiayun.
(Header image: Mist among the mountains in Shennongjia, Hubei province, June 30, 2007. Yiwannuofu/IC)
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A Muslim mother whose niqab veil was ripped off by a racist thug in a hate-filled attack has pleaded for them to be spared prison.
And the victim, 39, begged post- Brexit Britain to “stop the hatred and chill”.
The compassionate mum-of-four called for Peter Scotter, 55, to walk free after hearing they have can­­cer.
They face jail but their case was adjourned due to their ill health.
Scotter's victim, who did not want to be named, said: “I did not realise the man had cancer. I don't want them to go to prison.
(Image: Getty)
“I would like the judge to bear that in mind when they do sentence him.”
They added: “He did a bad thing in anger. I don't know why they chose to do what they did to me. It hurt and frightened me, but I don't seek any kind of revenge.
“I don't want them to suffer. I would like them to be free to live the rest of their life in peace and tolerance.
“Perhaps that is something everyone who shows anger and resentment towards Muslim people could learn to do. Maybe everyone could stop the hatred and chill.”
The woman, who came to Sunderland from Bangladesh 30 years ago, was attacked at The Bridges centre in July, days after the EU referendum.
Scotter, who has 66 previous convictions, grabbed their niqab with such force they almost threw them to the ground.
(Image: PA)
A witness heard Scotter shout: “Here, take that f***** off. You are in our country now, you stupid f***ing Muslim.” They were also heard to say: “Live by our f****ing rules.”
The mum, whose nine-year-old son had been with her, said: “I don't feel safe anymore when I go out.
“I don't go into town as often as I did, but I have been racially abused since.”
The victim, who began wear­ing their niqab shortly before the attack, added: “It is my own choice. I accept other people's choices and I hoped others would accept mine.”
Scotter, who has a tumour under their tongue that requires surgery, has admitted racially aggravated assault.
 They are due to be sentenced on May 2 at New­­castle crown court. Their past convictions include actual bodily harm and racially aggravated criminal damage.
Elder Scrolls Online on PS4 sidesteps PS+, Xbox One gamers aren't so fortunate
Bethesda‘s oft-leaked and much-anticipated upcoming Elder Scrolls Online will be kinder to PlayStation 4 than Xbox One gamers, at least as far as subscription requirements are concerned. Today in a PlayStation blog post, ZeniMax Online Studios put concerns at ease, saying a PlayStation Plus subscription won't be required to play. Xbox One gamers aren't so lucky, however, according to a statement from Bethesda.
The console subscription concerns arose when it was revealed players will have to pay a game subscription fee, which could have ended up meaning double subscription fees for the upcoming game: one for the game itself and another for the console subscription, if required. As of today, PlayStation 4 owners can breathe easy.
The same can't be said for Xbox One owners, however. In a statement to Forbes following the PS4 announcement, Bethesda said those playing on Microsoft's console will require a gold subscription to play Elder Scrolls Online, meaning doubled-up subscription costs for those looking forward to the release.
The news isn't entirely surprising for those familiar with Xbox gaming and the frequent gold subscription requirements. Still, many gamers aren't happy with the news, essentially having to pay twice to play the same game. Elder Scrolls Online will be arriving this summer, and will also be available to PC and Mac gamers.
SOURCE: Forbes
Why do humans see colors? For years the leading hypothesis was that color vision evolved to help us spot nutritious fruits and vegetation in the forest. But in 2006, evolutionary neurobiologist Mark Changizi and colleagues proposed that color vision evolved to perceive oxygenation and hemoglobin variations in skin in order to detect social cues, emotions and the states of our friends or enemies. Just think about the reddening and whitening of the face called blushing and blanching. They elicit distinct physiological reactions that would be impossible without color vision.
A few years ago Changizi left Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute where they were professor to co-found 2AI Labs with Dr. Tim Barber. Their Boise, Idaho-based research institute, funded via technology spin-offs coming out of their work, aimed at solving foundational problems in cognitive science and artificial intelligence. The move allowed Changizi to continue to conduct academic work with more intellectual freedom and less of a reliance on grants.
Fruits of their labor
Last summer the team at 2AI developed three pairs of glasses called O2Amps based on Changizi's color vision theory. By visually enhancing oxygenated blood and blood pooling, the lenses amplify the social cues that allow users to perceive emotions more clearly.
The eyewear is being used for a number of innovative applications. The first is medical. The lenses enhance vasculature beneath skin, helping nurses identify veins; they also amplify trauma and bruising that might be invisible to the naked eye. Many hospitals are putting the O2Amps through trials, and seeing positive results. The eyewear is also potentially useful for police and security officers– imagine if a TSA agent could more easily perceive nervousness– as well as poker players.
An answer for red-green colorblindness?
Now a new application for the O2Amps is emerging. Last November, 2AI Labs distributed lenses to people who are color blind to see if they would help. The researchers were particularly interested in their Oxy-Iso variety of lenses, which they predicted would diminish red-green deficiency – a genetic anomaly present in about 10 percent of males.
A string of positive user reviews is confirming their effectiveness. Without the eyewear, one volunteer, a neuroscience professor at the University of Sussex named Daniel Bor, failed the Ishihara Color Test, a means of testing colorblindness. These recognizable tests involve colored plates with a circle of dots containing a number visible to people with normal color vision but invisible to people who are colorblind (or have difficulties perceiving some colors). With the lenses, Bor received a perfect score. ”Without [the Oxy-Iso], I scored almost nothing, but with the specs got all the answers correct,” Bor said.
One downside is the Oxy-Iso lenses hinder the perception of yellows and blues at the expense of enhancing reds and greens. This is especially problematic for drivers because the eyewear renders yellow lights nearly invisible. Furthermore, it does not correct total color blindness.
2AI Labs is also in the midst of developing interior lighting with the O2Amp technology. Using recently acquired grant money Changizi and their colleagues are studying applications for architectural lighting and windows. So far they've created a prototype lamp for living spaces that reduces glare and creates “warm” human-friendly illumination they are calling the “O2Lamp.” According to their website, the prototype will also “filter the light itself so that everyone in the room experiences the effects, no eyewear needed.”
“Whereas the Oxy-Iso gives the colorblind a new enhanced red-green sense, useful among other things for emotions and health on the skin of others, our Oxy-Amp technology enhances the perception of emotions and health for all of those with normal color vision,” Changizi said.
Subscribe to Txchnologist's daily email.
Copyright 2013 Txchnologist, a digital magazine presented by GE that explores the wider world of science, technology and innovation. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Hillary Clinton spent the past two weeks rolling out economic proposals that include the "biggest investment in new, good-paying jobs since World War II" and a tax hike on corporations and the wealthy, which could create lucrative opportunities for many of the corporations that have lined their campaign coffers.
They have proposed refurbishing the electrical grid to make it "clean," and establishing a government-run bank that would steer taxpayer funds toward the private companies that are chosen to implement their projects. One ambitious aspect of their plan involves extending broadband access to every American household by 2020.
Similar efforts launched by President Obama through the 2009 stimulus package have yielded little more than boondoggles for companies that lined up to take public money. However, Clinton indicated at a campaign stop in Michigan last week that they would pursue the same formula as part of their economic agenda.
"Here's something you don't always hear enough from Democrats. A big part of our plan will be unleashing the power of the private sector to create more jobs at higher pay," Clinton said. "And that means for us: creating an infrastructure bank to get private funds off the sidelines and complement our public investments. $25 billion in government seed funding could unlock more than $250 billion."
In Ohio Wednesday, they doubled down on proposals to invest taxpayer money in green energy and universal broadband coverage.
"We need a new, modern electric grid that can take and distribute clean, renewable energy across America," Clinton said at a tax fairness event in Cleveland. "And we need to finally finish the job of connecting homes and businesses everywhere in America, from inner cities to remote rural areas, to high speed broadband access."
A look at Clinton's most generous financial backers reveals they have enjoyed the support of companies positioned to reap the benefits of their ambitious spending projects.
Broadband proposal
The existing push to expand broadband coverage has already squandered billions of taxpayer dollars while leaving communities across the country unplugged from the networks to which they were promised access.
With funding routed through the Rural Utilities Service, an arm of the Department of Agriculture, many of the guaranteed loans issued to broadband companies were never repaid because projects failed and companies folded before even beginning their work.
The Federal Communication Commission's Connect America fund has also funneled money into the broadband expansion effort, offering more than $10 billion in subsidies to major carriers like Verizon and AT&T so they would maintain networks in remote areas that they might have otherwise avoided given the lack of a viable market.
Despite the $7.2 billion in broadband grants and loans that was included in the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, roughly 34 million people still lack access to what the FCC presently defines as high-speed digital service.
Deborah Collier, director of technology and telecommunications policy for Citizens Against Government Waste, said it was poor planning, not cronyism, that tanked Obama's rural broadband initiative.
"What we saw was a lot of wasteful, duplicative spending with broadband infrastructure," Collier told the Washington Examiner. "I hate to see the government dive in and do another stimulus without ensuring there are mechanisms in place to avoid wasteful spending."
A June 2014 report from the Government Accountability Office slammed the Rural Utilities Service for withholding data about where its more than $3 billion in broadband funding had gone over the previous five years. Out of 297 planned projects, only 39 were fully operational by the time of the review.
The Department of Agriculture quietly shrunk its projections from 7 million new broadband subscribers to fewer than 730,000.
"We are left with a program that spent $3 billion, and we really don't know what became of it," said Mark Goldstein, a GAO investigator, in a Politico report about the Rural Utilities Service that was published last year.
But Clinton has pledged to forge ahead with the same policies, vowing to accomplish in three years what the Obama administration failed to do in eight.
A look at their top donors and bundlers shows the support Internet service providers have rained on Clinton in preparation for and during their presidential bid.
For example, Verizon paid Clinton $225,000 for a speech in Washington, D.C., in May 2013.
The firm's CEO, Lowell McAdam, waded into the Democratic primary in April when they called Sen. Bernie Sanders' views "contemptible."
Executives at Verizon have also given heavily to Clinton's presidential campaign.
Jim Cicconi, senior executive vice president at AT&T and veteran of the Reagan administration, publicly endorsed Clinton earlier this year despite admitting that they had supported every Republican candidate for president since 1976. Clinton's campaign has received roughly $120,000 from the ranks of AT&T, according to the Center for Responsive Politics.
Time Warner is among the top 10 donors to Clinton's presidential campaign.
David Cohen, a Comcast executive, hosted a fundraiser for Clinton at their Philadelphia home in June.
Steve Elmendorf, a lobbyist for Verizon, has bundled $141,815 for Clinton's campaign. Alfred Mottur, a lobbyist for Comcast, bundled $67,925. David Leiter, a lobbyist for Charter Communications, bundled $36,550.
Michael Smith, a lobbyist for CenturyLink, bundled $26,000 in contributions for Clinton. Smith is listed on disclosure forms as having lobbied Congress specifically on the issue of Connect America funding on behalf of CenturyLink.
Through that FCC program, CenturyLink accepted $506 million in subsidies last year.
Clean energy proposal
Clinton's plan to overhaul the electrical grid with cleaner technology echoes the environment-friendly promises Obama struggled to keep once they moved from the campaign trail to the White House.
Obama's push to hand out grants and underwrite loans for well-connected green energy companies at the outset of their administration highlighted the political pitfalls that can accompany projects whose completion depends on the participation of donor industries.
The $535 million loan guarantee provided to Solyndra, a California-based solar company that failed spectacularly in 2011, became the subject of fierce controversy after a review discovered the Department of Energy had rushed approval for the deal at the behest of the White House.
Critics suspected the taxpayer-backed loan was spared scrutiny because Solyndra's biggest investors included George Kaiser, a bundler for Obama's presidential campaign.
Kaiser hosted a fundraiser for Clinton at their Oklahoma home in December.
The litany of Obama's failed green energy investments extends far beyond Solyndra, the most infamous of the dozens of companies that netted grants or taxpayer-backed loans from their Department of Energy.
Abound Solar imploded after drawing $70 million of a $400 million loan guarantee in another deal that sparked outrage over the involvement of an Obama donor.
Pat Stryker, founder of Bohemian Companies, purchased an equity stake in Abound in 2008, just months before they gave $50,000 to Obama's inauguration and roughly a year before the Energy Department presented their company with the loan.
Stryker's Bohemian Foundation is among the top 20 donors to Clinton's campaign, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. During the primary race, Stryker's big-ticket contributions to Clinton placed them among the most generous financial backers of the 2016 cycle.
Clinton is poised to perpetuate Obama's clean energy policies should they win in November. Them campaign enjoys the support of many of the same Democratic donors and environmental activists that gave Obama their presidency.
What's more, their previously-stated goal of installing half a billion solar panels by the end of their first term could prove highly profitable to firms that are filling them coffers.
Curtis Kalin, a spokesperson for Citizens Against Government Waste, called such programs "havens for cronyism."
"Hiking federal spending on green energy ventures has proven to be fiscally perilous for taxpayers," Kalin said. "Taxpayers should not be left holding the reusable cloth bag when these risky projects inevitably fail."
First Solar, Inc. and NRG Energy — the two largest solar contractors in the country, according to Solar Power World — have both given significant contributions to the Clinton Foundation.
The fourth-largest solar energy company, SolarCity, tapped the Podesta Group to lobby the government on its behalf. The powerful lobbying shop was founded by Tony and John Podesta, the latter of whom now chairs Clinton's presidential campaign.
Nick Pritzker, co-founder of the Clean Energy Trust, is brother to the siblings who run the eponymous Pritzker Group that has given more than $7.8 million to Clinton's campaign. Their Clean Energy Trust won a $250,000 federal grant for its work with renewable energy startups last year from the Commerce Department, which is incidentally headed by Pritzker's sister.
Heather Podesta, who has bundled $31,150 for Clinton, lobbies for NextEra Energy, a major solar company. NextEra executives have given an additional $31,000 to Clinton's campaign.
Clinton has raked in donations from Invenergy, Sunpower Corp., SunRun Inc. and other solar or renewable energy companies.
This piece was reprinted by OpEdNews with permission or license. It may not be reproduced in any form without permission or license from the source.
Consortium Editor's Note: Even into the sixth year of war in Iraq – even as ex-White House press secretary Scott McClellan admits the deceptions used to justify the invasion – the U.S. news media still averts its eyes from the full ugliness of what happened in 2002-03.
In this story, former CIA analyst Ray McGovern notes the far greater candor occurring in Australia -- and cites the earlier whistle-blowing by members of the Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity (VIPS), which they helped found:
Matilda is walzing home from Iraq, and the Australians are lucky but chastened.
- Advertisement -
Lucky for having lost not one soldier in combat of the 2,000 sent to join the "coalition of the willing" attack on Iraq in March 2003.
Chastened because Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd is now pulling no punches in decrying the subservience of their predecessor, John Howard, to Washington.
Announcing the withdrawal of the 550 Australian troops still in Iraq on Monday, Rudd echoed recent charges by former White House spokesperson Scott McClellan about the Bush administration's "shading" of intelligence to "justify" an unnecessary war.
- Advertisement -
Rudd told Parliament they were most concerned by "the manner in which the decision to go to war was made; the abuse of intelligence information, a failure to disclose to the Australian people the qualified nature of that intelligence"; and the government's silence on "the pre-war warning that an attack on Iraq would increase the terrorist threat, not decrease it."
Rudd added:
"This government does not believe that our alliance with the United States mandates automatic compliance with every element of the United States' foreign policy."
Stung by Rudd's candor, White House spokesperson Dana Perino fell back on the canard that "the entire world" agreed on the threat posed by Saddam Hussein. As President Lyndon Johnson would have put it, That dog won't hunt.
If all agreed, why then was President George W. Bush unable to secure the approval of the U.N. Security Council, without which an armed attack on another country is illegal under international and U.S. law?
Among "coalition of the willing" leaders not named Bush, only the faith-based former British Prime Minister Tony Blair hangs on pathetically to the notion that "everyone" believed Saddam Hussein had WMD.
- Advertisement -
This is particularly odd since Blair acknowledges the authenticity of the (in)famous Downing Street Memos. Perhaps their conversion to Catholicism will prompt them to confess that they lied – a reality long beyond dispute.
The Downing Street Truth
As some will recall, Blair sent their intelligence chief off to Washington in summer 2002 to confer with their opposite number, and Bush intimate, CIA Director George Tenet.
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5
Info
Frequently Asked Questions
How big is Central Park?
843 acres or 6% of Manhattan's total acreage, including:
150 acres in 7 waterbodies
250 acres of lawns
136 acres of woodlands
When is the Central Park open?
From 6:00 am to 1:00 am
Where is Central Park located?
The Park stretches from Central Park South (59th St.) to 110th St. at the northern end and from 5th Ave. on the East Side to Central Park West (8th Ave.) on the West Side.
How far is it around the Reservoir running track?
1.58 miles
How far is it around Central Park via the Drives?
Starting at Engineers' Gate, 90th St. and Fifth Ave.
Full Loop = 6.1 miles
Upper Loop taking 102nd Street cutoff = 5.2 miles
Lower Loop taking 72nd Street cutoff = 1.7 miles
How long is the Bridle Path?
4.25 miles
If I walked all the paths in Central Park, how far would I walk?
58 miles
If I walked the perimeter of Central Park, how far would I walk?
6 miles (2.5 miles up and down the avenues and .5 miles across Central Park North and South)
Can I drive in Central Park?
Yes, on the Park Drives. The speed limit is 25mph.
When are Park Drives closed to motor traffic?
Weekdays: 10:00 am – 3:00 pm and 7:00 pm – 7:00 am
Weekends: 7:00 pm Friday – 7:00 am Monday
Holidays: 7:00 pm the night before – 7:00 am the day after
Where can I have my wedding or take wedding photos?
By permit only at the Conservatory Garden, 105th Street at Fifth Avenue. You can also call the Central Park Conservancy's Wedding Hotline at 212-360-2766. Elsewhere in Central Park, permits are required for more than 20 people. Call the Department of Parks & Recreation at 212-408-0226 for information.
Where is Balto?
East 67th Street near the East Drive
Where is Alice in Wonderland?
East 75th Street just north of Conservatory Water
Where is Mother Goose?
East 71st Street at Rumsey Playfield
Where is the Carousel and when is it open?
The Carousel is located mid-Park at 64th Street. For information call 212-879-0244. April-October: Weekdays 10:00 am-6:00 pm, Weekends 10:00 am-7:00 pm; November-December: Daily 10:00 am to dusk; January-March: Weekends and holidays only, 10:00 am to dusk (all weather permitting)
How many trees grow in Central Park?
26,000, including 1,700 American Elms
How many benches could I sit on in Central Park?
Over 9,000, which would stretch 7 miles if placed end to end.
How many bridges and arches are in Central Park?
36
How many playgrounds could I play in?
21
How many types of birds could I watch in Central Park?
More than 275 species of migratory birds have been sighted in the Park, a major stopping point on the Atlantic flyway.
How many people visit Central Park each year?
25 million
How many fountains are there in Central Park?
There are seven ornamental fountains and 125 drinking fountains. The ornamental fountains are:
Angel of the Waters at Bethesda Terrace
Burnett Fountain at Conservatory Garden's English garden to the south
Conservatory Garden's Italian garden in the center
Untermyer Fountain at Conservatory Garden's French garden to the north
Cherry Hill
Sophie Loeb Fountain
Pulitzer Fountain at Grand Army Plaza
How do I get a permit to have an event in Central Park?
Special Event Permit Application or call NYC/Parks & Recreation at (212) 408-0226
Online Sports Permit Application or call NYC/Parks & Recreation at (212) 408-0209
Students of NIT who are from outside Kashmir, clashed with the police at the institute's gate when they were prevented from leaving the campus.
Highlights Postpone exams, we want to go home, say students who are not from Kashmir Will provide secure environment to take exams: HRD Minister to students Tension after students clashed over India's T20 loss
In a packed hall at the National Institute of Technology in Srinagar, a student representative today told visiting officials from the Centre's education ministry that they want the institute shifted out of Srinagar and want action taken against police officers who lathicharged student protesters late on Tuesday evening."And we want our national flag back from the police," they said amid loud cheers from fellow students, video footage of the meeting shows.On Tuesday, students of the institute who are from outside Kashmir, clashed with the police at the institute's gate when they were prevented from leaving the campus. The police used batons and several students were injured. The police have alleged that the students attacked cops with stones.The students allege the police attacked them during a silent march and that they confiscated the national flag from them.Today, they demanded that the police withdraw the allegation that students threw stones at them, which they say is false. They have also objected to the police action being called "a mild lathicharge" by Nirmal Singh, the Deputy Chief Minister of Jammu and Kashmir, alleging that several injured students have undergone surgery. Mr Singh today told NDTV they had been misinformed of the facts . "Police officers who were involved in lathicharge will be punished. I was told it was a 'mild' lathicharge which is why I used that term earlier," they said.Mr Singh also promised that the flag will be returned to the students. "Every student has the right to hoist the national flag, raise the slogans of Bharat Mata ki Jai, but the question is whether such situation should be allowed to occur when there is a clash between the students...," said Mr Singh. Kashmir has its own flag, which is used with the tricolour on government buildings and other public places.The students have demanded that exams scheduled from Monday be postponed to allow them to go home. "Let us first go home and then we'll go to any other place you send us," said the student leader to officials today. Education minister Smriti Irani has assured students that examinations will be conducted in a "secure environment" at the institute and that they will ensure no injustice is done to them."Some students want to go home, we have made the required arrangements," the minister said. The NIT campus has been tense since last week, when local students and those from other parts of the country clashed after the former burst crackers when India lost to the West Indies in the World T20 semi-final.
This is the fourth installment of a 10-part series that reviews every Bears position group on offense and defense, while also taking a quick look at potential free agent targets and the top prospects in the upcoming NFL draft.
Surely at some point in the playoffs the Chicago Bears front office watched the exploits of tight ends around the league, and wondered why under former offensive coordinator Mike Martz and the team basically eliminated the position, reducing it to nothing more than an extra offensive lineman.
Five of the tight ends featured in the postseason (New Orlean's Jimmy Graham, New England's Rob Gronkowski and Aaron Hernandez, Green Bay's Jermichael Finley and San Francisco's Vernon Davis) individually produced more in terms of receptions and yardage than every tight end on the Bears roster combined. In fact, of all the teams that advanced to the postseason, only one starting tight end -- Denver's Daniel Fells -- generated fewer catches (19) than Chicago tight ends Kellen Davis and Matt Spaeth (25), but matched their yardage (256).
Kellen Davis has all the physical tools to be a productive tight end, but the Bears are still waiting for them to put it all together. MRQ/Icon SMI
Of the 12 starting tight ends on playoff teams just two -- Fells and Jake Ballard of the New York Giants -- caught fewer than 51 passes. To really put that into perspective, consider the fact that Chicago's leading receiver -- running back Matt Forte -- finished the season with 52 receptions.
Ten tight ends on playoff teams eclipsed Forte's numbers, and four of them -- Detroit's Brandon Pettigrew, Atlanta's Tony Gonzales, Graham and Gronkowski -- finished 2011 with at least 80 catches. A Bears player hasn't accomplished that feat since 2002, when receiver Marty Booker finished with 97 receptions.
So despite the rosy outlook from the coaching staff regarding the team's tight ends, clearly the Bears need more from the position, especially in the red zone where the Bears scored 20 touchdowns in 38 drives inside an opponent's 20 in 2011.
"We have an excellent tight end," Bears coach Lovie Smith said of Davis, who is an unrestricted free agent. "We brought Matt Spaeth here to primarily be a blocker for us, and they filled that role well. Kellen Davis can do anything the good tight ends in this league can do. I think we had a combination of as good a tight end -- the makings of -- as anyone around in Kellen."
THE CURRENT ROSTER
Kellen Davis: Despite pedestrian statistics, Davis led the Bears with five touchdown receptions, finishing their fourth season with 18 catches for 206 yards. An unrestricted free agent, Davis might be offered a minimal deal to re-sign. But if the Bears -- under new GM Emery -- decide to upgrade at the position, they could decide to let Davis sign elsewhere. Davis has flashed ability as both a blocker and receiver over the past two seasons, but lacks consistency in both areas.
Matt Spaeth: Brought in as a blocking tight end, Spaeth played 15 games, catching seven passes for 50 yards. The Bears signed Spaeth to a three-year contract last year in free agency, and -- counting their bonuses -- they basically earned more than $285,000 per catch last season. With Spaeth to receive $1.775 million in base salary for 2012, the front office may decide that's too much to pay for a one-dimensional tight end. In fact, the Bears could use that money to try to lure back Davis.
Kyle Adams: Contributed primarily as a special teamer for eight games as a rookie, before a torn hamstring landed Adams on the injured reserve. One of just five undrafted free agents to make last year's team, Adams also showed promise as a developmental tight end that might thrive with an NFL offseason under their belt that might open up the door to a strong training camp.
Andre Smith: Spent the first eight games on the practice squad before the Bears promoted them to the 53-man roster after Adams was placed on injured reserve. Although they were on the active roster, the Bears placed Smith on their inactive list in each of the last eight games. Like Adams, Smith is another developmental prospect that displays promising upside.
Draylen Ross: Spent time briefly with the Bears during 2011 training camp, and was signed to the practice squad when Adams was placed on IR and Smith was promoted to the active roster. If Ross makes it to training camp, he'll have a difficult time sticking.
Bears free agents: Davis
POTENTIAL FREE AGENT TARGETS
Jermichael Finley, Green Bay Packers, unrestricted
Fred Davis, Washington Redskins, unrestricted
Martellus Bennett, Dallas Cowboys, unrestricted
WHY BENNETT MIGHT MAKE SENSE
There's no way the Packers let Finley see the open market, and Davis' 2011 drug suspension might be too much of a red flag for the Bears under new GM Phil Emery. Bennett (6 foot 6, 270 pounds) makes for an interesting prospect for a variety of reasons. According to a Cowboys source, Bennett was the team's best blocker, is immensely athletic and possesses solid hands. But he's been plagued by immaturity. Like quarterback Jay Cutler, Bennett has often been criticized for their body language.
Bennett, who will be 25 in March, might be able to thrive in Chicago because of the Bears' established group of leaders, and the fact Halas Hall isn't the circus atmosphere the tight end has become accustomed to in Dallas. With the Bears, Bennett would take a lead role, as opposed to being merely a backup to Jason Witten. Throw in a strong-minded coach in Smith, a top quarterback in Cutler, and an established group of leaders in the locker room, and Chicago might be the place where Bennett can finally flourish.
Believe it or not, Bennett's skill set is very similar to those of Pettigrew and Finley.
ST. LOUIS, MO (KTVI) – REM frontman Michael Stipe made an appearance on late 1970's St. Louis broadcast of “Newsbeat.” The show was hosted by former FOX 2 anchors and reporters Dick Ford and John Auble.
The “Rocky Horror Picture Show” was controversial when it came out in 1975. Many fans flocked in full costume for years after the release to repeat showings of the cult film. Some University City residents where getting a little tired of the fans when this report was aired. But Stipe and others in the crowd were ready to do the Time Warp, again.
Reporter Michael Brown interviews Stipe at about the 1:25 minute mark in this YouTube clip:
“It is an excellent movie, it really is. We're all quite normal, really.” said Michael Stipe. Reporter Michael Brown asks, “If you had to prove that, how would you go about doing it?” “Show up tomorrow afternoon dressed in our little KSHE pig shirts and blue jeans.” said Michael Stipe. “That would be normal,” said reporter Michael Brown. “I guess for the normal St. Louis KSHE fan, yes it would.” said Michael Stipe.
Michael Stipe graduated from high school in Collinsville, IL in 1978. They then moved for college to Athens, GA. It was at the University of Georgia where they formed the band REM with other students. They dropped out of school in 1980 to focus on the band.
REM went on to mainstream music success. The the band sold more than 85 million records worldwide.
UNITED NATIONS (Reuters) - British Prime Minister David Cameron's office said on Wednesday they and Iranian President Hassan Rouhani agreed that the two countries should work to improve ties and it was crucial for Tehran and major powers to reach a long-term nuclear deal.
British Prime Minister David Cameron speaks during a high-level meeting on post-2015 anti-poverty goals at the Ford Foundation in New York September 24, 2014. REUTERS/John Minchillo/Pool
The Prime Minister and President, who met at the United Nations in New York in the first such meeting since the Iranian Revolution in 1979, also discussed the threat from Islamic State militants, who have taken over parts of Syria and Iraq.
“The PM and President acknowledged that there had been significant differences between their countries in the past, and agreed that we should seek to progressively improve our bilateral relationship,” Cameron's office said in a statement.
Britain severed direct diplomatic relations with Iran after hardline activists stormed its embassy in Tehran in late 2011. The 2013 election in Iran of Rouhani, a softspoken pragmatist who replaced the fiercely anti-Western Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, paved the way for a thaw in ties.
London announced in June that it would reopen its embassy in Iran in the coming months.
The statement said Cameron and Rouhani agreed that nuclear negotiations between Iran and Britain, China, France, Germany, Russia and the United States were at a “critical moment and that it was vital to seize the opportunity of securing a comprehensive (atomic) agreement.”
Iran's official news agency IRNA quoted Rouhani as telling Cameron: “I hope we can reach a comprehensive deal with the strong will of all parties involved because there is no other way to resolve this issue but reaching a common understanding.”
The talks are expected to continue until Friday. Diplomats close to the negotiations say a breakthrough is unlikely, even though a Nov. 24 deadline for a deal is only two months away.
The British statement said “The Prime Minister and President noted the threat posed to the whole region by ISIL (Islamic State), and agreed that all states in the region must do more to cut off support for all terrorist groups, including financial support.”
It added that Cameron welcomed Iran's support for the new government of Iraq and its efforts to encourage the creation of an inclusive Iraqi government that represented all groups in the country.
“He (Cameron) argued that a similar approach was needed in Syria, to promote a transition to a new Government capable of representing all Syrians,” Cameron's press office said.
Imagine if I told you, “Logic isn't necessary to life. When you have extra time, you can be logical. But make sure, even then, to be careful with it, as logic has led to some horrible decisions.”
That kind of sounds like one big non-sequitur. And I don't think anyone except a guru living on a hilltop would advocate anything resembling it.
Maybe logic isn't the essence of life, but it's important for even the most basic tasks. It is so woven into our daily life that saying it “isn't necessary” is almost like saying half of our brain isn't necessary. Yes, we can live with half a brain, but a full brain would be nice, wouldn't it?
And since it's so part of our life, compartmentalizing it into “part of our life” also makes no sense. What, should the person just do math on the side so they can satisfy their need for logic? Logic is a part of our operating system, not a piece of software. To limit it would be to fundamentally misunderstand its place in our life.
And careful with logic? Yes, of course. People thinking they are acting logically has led to things like the Holocaust, Communism (please don't hate me, Communists), and… I guess most everything bad. But really, the reason these things were dangerous was because they were fundamentally illogical. They missed some reality of life, or ignored some fundamental truth. Or they were emotion clouded in the words of logic. Or they were logic twisted to cynically advance a hidden agenda.
So it would be… illogical… to blame logic for bad things in the world. What these moments in history have taught us is the importance of logic, not the opposite.
And so underusing it would be the exact opposite way to get to truth, to build a civilization, to grow internally. It would be like outlawing the wheel because of automobile deaths.
But of course… all this is obvious, right? You know this. I know this. The world knows this, and that's why we put such a premium on logic. In schooling, in how we live our lives, in the most important discussions that happen in the world.
So, if it's so obvious with logic, why isn't it with creativity?
Creativity is the other half of the brain that logic isn't.
While logic allows us to follow a linear process of thought to an informed conclusion, creativity is what allows us to make the mental jumps between multiple thoughts in order to arrive at a conclusion that would be almost impossible to reach with logic.
Creativity is the bridge from our brain to our emotions: the filter by which we can heal our broken hearts, become more self-aware, and know when our logic is being twisted for the wrong ends.
Creativity is the genius working behind the scenes, working subconsciously to make connections and come to revelations we never would have achieved through conscious thought.
Creativity, in essence, is what distinguishes us from robots. (And by the way, that fact is going to become increasing important as robots and AI take more and more of our jobs over time).
And yet. If we took our above sentence about logic and applied to it to creativity, very few people, even creatives, would blink an eye:
“Creativity isn't necessary to life. When you have extra time, you can be creative. But make sure, even then, to be careful with it, as creativity has led to some horrible decisions.”
How many schools have cut arts funding for this very reason?
How many people's talents have been criminally underused because they do not even know they have half of their brain unused?
And, most importantly, how many lives have been shattered because they have not allowed an essential aspect of their humanity to be tapped? (I have little doubt that this is the source of many mental illnesses).
One of the biggest crimes of our culture is that we have put creativity into the box of art. Ironically, this undermines both art and creativity.
Art is creativity distilled, much in the same way math is logic distilled.
Mathematics, for all its power, could easily be seen as having no practical effect on everyday life. Schoolchildren all over the world think as much, if you need any proof. And yet, as we've aged and learned more (both as individuals and as a civilization), we've discovered that math is woven into almost every great scientific achievement, every technological advance, every great breakthrough that has moved us forward as a people in modern history.
Imagine if we tried to put math in a box and hide it away from the rest of humanity, just using it for our own selfish need to be logical every now and then?
That's what art has, in many ways, become. To many people, at least. To our larger culture for sure.
And yet, try as we might, we cannot help but allow art to affect every aspect of life. It affects politics (there's no better example than the 60s), it transforms our self-identity as much as it expresses it, and it fundamentally shapes the society we live in.
While math charts and allows us to use the inherently logical nature of the universe, art charts and allows us to use the inherently emotional nature of our humanity.
Saying creativity only applies to art, and thus art is a side activity, hampers us just as much as doing the same to math would do.
It has been proven repeatedly that creating and consuming art makes us healthier, happier, and more empathetic. That's not because it has a magic power. It's not because it's a luxury. It's because when we don't engage our creativity, we are not using half of our mental faculties, and are thus made unhealthy, unhappy, and less empathetic. Just as it is the lack of exercise that makes us unhealthy. It's not normal to not use our creativity, and our bodies repeatedly try to tell us this. We're just not listening.
It's time we finally shift the paradigm to fit reality: creativity is not a piece of our software, it is an essential part of our operating system. It is not something we can open and use when we feel like it, it is something we use whether we like it or not.
When we ignore it, pretend it's only for “some people,” or fear it, it's not that we actually stop using it. It runs as part of our system. But we are untrained in its use. We aren't aware of its workings, or that even is working. We are like people with a first grade education, unable to use all that is available to our incredible minds.
When we understand this, we realize that not being an artist doesn't make us “uncreative” any more than someone who isn't a mathematician isn't illogical. It's something we all need training in, and it's why art needs to be taught to all, just as math is. Not to make us all artists, but to make us all human.
Today Tower Records Japan have chosen to announce the releases which stand at the top of their Bestseller lists for the year 2016. These rankings reflect the combined total sales of the Japanese, Imported, Limited, Analog, etc. versions of each Album/DVD sold through Tower Records stores from December 1st of last year through November 30th of this year.
The Japanese Year-End chart was topped by Hikaru Utada's “Fantôme”, while the Foreign Year-End chart has been topped by the Red Hot Chili Peppers' latest full-length “the Getaway”. The Jazz category was ruled by Norah Jones' “Day Breaks”, with Nikolaus Harnoncourt's interpretation of Beethoven's 4th and 5th Symphonies (with the Concentus Musicus Wien) taking the top spot in the Classical category. As for Music DVDs, Arashi once again topped the ranking with their “ARASHI LIVE TOUR 2015 Japonism”; meanwhile, the top Soundtrack album of the year was the score to the smash hit film “Shin Godzilla”. Finally, the top selling single at Tower Records' stores was SMAP's “Sekai ni Hitotsu Dake no Hana”.
Congratulations of course go to all of the victors, and the full Top 20s for the Japanese Album chart, the Western Album chart, and more will follow after the cut.
-'Tower Records Japan' 2016 Bestseller Lists-
Japanese Albums (Top 20):
Hikaru Utada – Fantôme Gen Hoshino – YELLOW DANCER BUMP OF CHICKEN – Butterflies Arashi – Are You Happy? RADWIMPS – Kimi no Na wa. BABYMETAL – METAL RESISTANCE Hey! Say! JUMP – DEAR. Perfume – COSMIC EXPLORER Kazumasa Oda – Ano Hi, Ano Toki Sandaime J Soul Brothers – THE JSB LEGACY MAN WITH A MISSION – The World's On Fire KAT-TUN – 10th ANNIVERSARY BEST “10Ks!” Ikimonogakari – Cho Ikimonobakari ~Tennen Kinen Members' BEST Selection~ NEWS – QUARTETTO Nogizaka46 – Sorezore no Isu E-girls – E.G. SMILE -E-girls BEST- back number – Chandelier KinKi Kids – N album Kana Nishino – Just LOVE Various Artists – HiGH & LOW ORIGINAL BEST ALBUM
1 2 3
Sybrina Fulton is the mother of Trayvon Martin and the founder of the Trayvon Martin Foundation. In a letter to the family of Ferguson teen Michael Brown written exclusively for TIME, Fulton reflects on what the families now share.
To The Brown Family,
I wish I had a word of automatic comfort but I don't. I wish I could say that it will be alright on a certain or specific day but I can't. I wish that all of the pain that I have endured could possibly ease some of yours but it won't. What I can do for you is what has been done for me: pray for you then share my continuing journey as you begin yours.
I hate that you and your family must join this exclusive yet growing group of parents and relatives who have lost loved ones to senseless gun violence. Of particular concern is that so many of these gun violence cases involve children far too young. But Michael is much more than a police/gun violence case; Michael is your son. A son that barely had a chance to live. Our children are our future so whenever any of our children – black, white, brown, yellow, or red – are taken from us unnecessarily, it causes a never-ending pain that is unlike anything I could have imagined experiencing.
Further complicating the pain and loss in this tragedy is the fact that the killer of your son is alive, known, and currently free. In fact, they are on paid administrative leave. Your own feelings will bounce between sorrow and anger. Even when you don't want to think about it because it is so much to bear, you will be forced to by merely turning on your television or answering your cell phone. You may find yourselves pulled in many different directions by strangers who may be well-wishers or detractors. Your circle will necessarily close tighter because the trust you once, if ever, you had in “the system” and their agents are forever changed. Your lives are forever changed.
However with those changes come new challenges and opportunities. You will experience a swell of support from all corners of the world. Many will express their sympathies and encourage you to keep fighting for Michael. You will also, unfortunately, hear character assassinations about Michael which I am certain you already have. This will incense and insult you. All of this will happen before and continue long after you have had the chance to lay your son to rest.
I know this because I lived and continue to live this. I have devoted my life to the comprehensive missions of The Trayvon Martin Foundation – including providing support to families that have lost a young child to senseless gun violence regardless of race, ethnicity or gender. I will support you and your efforts to seek justice for your Michael and the countless other Michaels & Trayvons of our country. The 20 Sandy Hook children. Jordan Davis. Oscar Grant. Kendrick Johnson. Sean Bell. Hadya Pendleton. The Aurora shooting victims. The list is too numerous to adequately mention them all. According to The Children's Defense Fund, gun violence is the second leading cause of death for children ages 1-19. That is a horrible fact.
Facts, myths, and flat out lies are already out there in Michael's case. Theories, regardless of how ridiculous, are being pondered by the pundits. My advice is to surround yourselves with proven and trusted support. Through it all, I never let go of my faith, my family, or my friends. Long after the overwhelming media attention is gone, you will need those three entities to find your ‘new normal.' Honor your son and their life, not the circumstances of their alleged transgressions. I have always said that Trayvon was not perfect. But no one will ever convince me that my son deserved to be stalked and murdered. No one can convince you that Michael deserved to be executed.
But know this: neither of their lives shall be in vain. The galvanizations of our communities must be continued beyond the tragedies. While we fight injustice, we will also hold ourselves to an appropriate level of intelligent advocacy. If they refuse to hear us, we will make them feel us. Some will mistake that last statement as being negatively provocative. But feeling us means feeling our pain; imagining our plight as parents of slain children. We will no longer be ignored. We will bond, continue our fights for justice, and make them remember our children in an appropriate light. I would hate to think that our lawmakers and leaders would need to lose a child before protecting the rest of them and making the necessary changes NOW…
With Heartfelt Support,
Sybrina D. Fulton
Read TIME's cover story on After Trayvon.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Jakarta, Indonesia (CNN) -- Muslims staged rallies across Indonesia on Sunday to protest U.S. President Barack Obama's planned visit to the southeast Asian nation this week.
The protests -- organized by Muslim group Hizbut Tahrir -- included women and children.
"We don't see the differences between Obama and Bush, they both oppress Muslims, they both have blood on their hands," said Ismail Yusanto, a spokesperson for the Muslim group in Indonesia.
"That's why we reject Obama and we don't believe that he's reaching out to Muslims."
The spokesperson said about 20,000 people attended the rallies.
With about 205 million Muslims, Indonesia is the world's largest Muslim country, according to the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life in Washington, D.C.
More than one in 10 of the world's Muslims live there.
Although it has a reputation for being home to a relatively tolerant and easy-going brand of Islam, a Pew Forum analysis rates it as having high levels of legal restrictions on religion and religious social tension.
Government restrictions on religion are tighter in Indonesia than in Russia or Turkey, and social tensions are higher than in Nigeria or Egypt, the think tank says.
Obama is scheduled to arrive in Jakarta on Tuesday as part of a 10-day visit to India, Indonesia, South Korea and Japan.
 They are expected to finalize a comprehensive partnership with Indonesia.
Obama spent part of their childhood in Indonesia.
On Wednesday, the president will visit Istiqlal mosque. They will also address the biggest Muslim nation from an undetermined location.
However, Muslims in Indonesia remain pessimistic.
"Obama can talk all they want in Cairo and in Jakarta, the fact is that they still have their troops in war with Muslims," Yusanto said. "It's all lip service."
Protesters chanted "No Obama" and held up posters that said "Stop oppressor."
Obama's visit to Asia started Saturday with a three-day visit to India.
Their visit to India -- the third largest economy and one of the world's few growth markets -- also includes meeting with Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in New Delhi and addressing the nation's parliament.
OKCupid, the popular dating site, has admitted to carrying out controversial Facebook-style psychological experiments on its users, saying it intentionally mismatched people to test its technology.
Christian Rudder, the company's founder, published a blog on Monday detailing three recent experiments they had performed that manipulated users' perceptions to test its matching algorithm.
They told people who were bad matches (30 per cent) that they actually had a compatibility score of 90 per cent.
Lying to users, it turned out, sometimes sparked meaningful online chats. Nearly one in five couples who were a 30 percent match but were told they were a 90 percent match wound up exchanging four messages or more — OkCupid's measure for gauging romantic interest.
In the second test, it obscured profile pictures, while in the third the site hid profile text to see how it affected personality ratings.
The studies revealed that people received about the same personality score with or without accompanying text, meaning the majority of users judged people solely on their looks.
In the post, titled "We Experiment on Human Beings!" Mr Rudder explained the tests helped the company refine its product.
"When we tell people they are a good match, they act as if they are," they wrote in the post. "Even when they should be wrong for each other."
"Most ideas are bad," they wrote. "Even good ideas could be better. Experiments are how you sort all this out.
"We noticed recently that people didn't like it when Facebook 'experimented' with their news feed, but guess what everybody: If you use the Internet, you're the subject of hundreds of experiments at any given time, on every site,” Christian Rudder, president of OKCupid, wrote on the company's blog. “That's how websites work.”
A spokesperson said OkCupid, which has around 30 million users, planned to continue with the experiments, which are known in the business as A/B testing.
The experiment has drawn heavy criticism online. In a tweet, University of Pennsylvania computer scientist Matt Blaze suggested a few new clauses for online user licensing agreements: "We reserve the right to induce despair" and "You agree that there will be no love, except the love of Big Brother."
Experimenting on users without their consent could cost the company credibility, said Irina Raicu, director of the Internet ethics program at Santa Clara University.
"They are messing with emotions and with communications," they said. "That's different than other things we are A/B tested about."
In June, Facebook users were outraged when a study showed that the world's largest social networking site had manipulated the news feeds of 700,000 users to see how viewing more positive or negative posts affected users' posting habits. The researcher who led the study apologized for the anxiety the experiments caused but stopped short of saying the company would halt the practice.
OkCupid is one of the top US dating services, behind Match.com, eHarmony, and Plenty of Fish, according to the Pew Research Center.
"We use math to get you dates," the site's "About Us" section reads. "It's extremely accurate, as long as (a) you're honest, and (b) you know what you want."
Other experiments OkCupid has tried to include a Love Is Blind Day in January 2013, when the company removed all photographs from the service for seven hours. Fewer people used the service, but a greater percentage of user messages drew responses.
Thank you @RyanSeacrest for inviting me to the @RyanFoundation and thanks to all of the kids for hanging out with me! — Britney Spears (@britneyspears) November 23, 2013
After the interview, Spears stayed in the studio to handout personalized copies of the Smurfs 2 soundtrack (featuring their song “Ooh La La”), to each patient. After their meet and greet, Spears asked to meet patients that were not able to come down to the broadcast, and continued their visit up on patient floors.
Britney spent Saturday afternoon with patients from the Children's Hospital of Orange County. Upon their arrival, Britney sat down for an interview in the Seacrest Studios , where their biggest fans from the hospital, Saylor, Christine, and Perla were able to ask their questions about their career, their favorite things, and their upcoming album.Britney gave the girls advice about their daily makeup routine during the sitdown.
Very cool to see Britney giving back to the community and spending time with children in need of a pick-me-up!
Check out photos from the surprise meet and greet in XRAY:
BALTIMORE, MARYLAND, U.S.A. – On Friday night, June 3, 2016, undefeated lightweight professional boxer, Gervonta "Tank" Davis (Baltimore, Maryland/pro record: 15-0, with 14 KOs) will return to the ring for the second time this year, and face Mario “Huracan” Macias Rorozco (Iztacalco, Distrito Federal, Mexico/pro record: 28-18-0, with 14 KOs).
Davis-Rorozco is scheduled for eight rounds on Premier Boxing Champions, live on Spike TV, from Hard Rock Live at The Seminole Hard Rock Hotel & Casino in Hollywood, Florida. In the main event, Rances Barthelemy will face Mickey Bey. In Davis' last fight, April 1 in Washington, D.C., they defeated Mexico's Guillermo Avila, live on Spike TV. In that fight, Davis dropped Avila in round 5 with a straight left hand. Avila beat the count, but in the next round, Davis landed a barrage of uppercuts, forcing referee Michelle Myers to stop the fight at 0:29 of round 6. Davis earned their 15th win, while Avila's record dropped to 16-6, with 13 KOs.
This will be Davis' second professional fight held in the state of Florida. On October 30, 2015, Davis defeated Cristobal Cruz by TKO at The Venue at UCF in Orlando.
The 21-year-old Davis discussed their upcoming fight. They said, “I'm looking forward to showcasing my talent in South Florida, so make sure you get your tickets now. I'm excited to put on a show for the fans at the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino. I've had good sparring leading up to the fight, so I'll be ready for anything my opponent tries to do. I never take it easy on any opponent, and they will see that on June 3. Floyd said I would be in the ring a lot this year, and that will help me get ready for a title shot soon. I appreciate everyone that has been supporting me. Thank you to my team, Floyd Mayweather and Mayweather Promotions, Al Haymon, Nike Boxing, Athlete Performance Solutions, Shane Goodell, Grant Worldwide, Joe Fields, Martez of Yekim, Cierge Luxury, and Ethika. Keep supporting me, and I'll fight for you."
Tickets to Gervonta Davis' fight on June 3, which is promoted by Mayweather Promotions, Kings Promotions, and Panther Promotions, are priced at $130, $80, $60, $35 (additional fees may apply), and are on sale now. To purchase tickets, visit www.myhrl.com, www.ticketmaster.com, all Ticketmaster locations or call (800) 745-3000. Hard Rock Hotel and Casino is located at 1 Seminole Way, Hollywood, Florida, 33314. On fight night, doors open at 5:30pm, with the first fight at 6:00pm.
Getty Images
Kevin Hart gets paid to make fun of everyone, and everything, but they still find themselves as the butt of jokes pretties often. This weekend, for example, Drake, Meek Mill and fellow funny man Lil Duval shamed them for posting an Instaragm photo of themselves wearing a sleeveless leather shirt -- so, naturally, they roasted them in return.
Drake and Meek both reposted the photo and added their pleas for them to lose the shirt.
"Let's start a petition for kev 2 take this shirt off cmon Man U from philly @kevinhart4real," Meek wrote, while Drake added, “Kevin...no. Please don't do this tonight. #IsThatLeatherDriFit #PleaseTellMeThereAreOtherOptions #ThisIsABillBellamyFit #BalmainWillNotHireYou #ThisManIsOverlyLit."
Lil Duval got a word in too, writing, "Maaaaaan @kevinhart4real if u don't get the f*** outta here wit that full body waist trainer on.”
So, naturally Kevin Hart's revenge came pretty swiftly.
Hookah Drizzy
They got back at Drake, by posting an old photo of them in the baththub, smoking hookah. And they went in, with the caption. The abbreviated version:
"Jesus Christ.....where in the hell do I start???? Why is @champagnepapi in a bathtub with a hookah???? Who said that this shot would be great for UR career. Is this a Canadian thing??? This looks like a 'Sex Hotline' add....I bet the bubbles were your idea."
"This looks like a Lionel Ritchie album cover....what in the hell are you staring at??? ...Holy sh-t Drake looks like the type of guy that would drink their own bathwater.....in their voice 'It taste like cucumber melon' .....u look like a light skin Gerald Levert with that dumbass beard!!!!"
Meek Before Surgery
Their Meek Mill post was pretty lengthy, as well, but here's a highlight, along with the photo, above:
"I'm about to expose my good friend @meekmill ....nobody knows this but he's had plastic surgery done to their face. This can't be the same guy....His face looks like a chopped & screwed mixtape.....this mans front teeth look like a pair of white Jordan 11's....This picture should be in a dictionary next to the word 'DirtyN---a' .....He's making a face that clearly shows that they have bad body odor!!!!"
As for Lil Duval, Hart wanted to know, "What in the "Ying Yang Twin" is going on here????"
Trans actores Rica Paras and Mimi Juareza, and star Paolo Ballesteros, also share their thoughts on the film's relevance and impact
Published 8:39 PM, December 09, 2016
MANILA, Philippines – Die Beautiful has made waves internationally and is all set to hit Philippines theaters in this year's Metro Manila Film Festival (MMFF) – and as the cast and crew begin promoting the film, we're learning more and more about the project's origins and journey. Here is one meaningful fact: director Jun Robles Lana said that Die Beautiful was partially inspired by the life and death of Jennifer Laude, a transgender woman who was killed in 2014. (READ: FULL LIST: 8 MMFF 2016 entries, trailers revealed)
Jennifer was killed by a Marine officer – Private First Class Joseph Scott Pemberton in Olongapo. Them death prompted further conversation on the rights of members of the LGBT community, especially for the trans community.
At the press conference for the movie last Monday, December 5, direk Jun, behind acclaimed films such as Bwakaw, Barber's Tales, and Anino Sa Likod Ng Buwan, shared how Jennifer's story inspired the project at the beginning.
"Remember the murder of Jennifer Laude? That's how this project started. When Jennifer Laude was murdered, what was really shocking na aside from the fact up to now di pa talaga nakukuha yung hustisya na buo para sa kanya, ay yung reaction ng mga tao nung nangyari iyon. Parang they were saying they deserved to die, buti na lang na pinatay iyan kasi transgender, kasi monster, yung mga ganun eh. Shocking na bakit ganito?
(When Jennifer Laude was murdered, what was really shocking was that aside from the act up to now that they have yet to get the justice they deserve, is the reaction of the people when it happened. It was like they were saying they deserved to die, that it was right they were killed because they were a transgender woman, because they were a monster, things like that. It was shocking, why is the reaction like this?)
"Percy [Intalan, their partner] and I got married in New York and parang for us, it's a celebration of our long partnership, yung companionship. And then makakabasa ka ng nangyari sa isang transgender [woman], parang it's a huge step back. And as a filmmaker, meron akong responsibility, feeling ko. Ginamit ko yung kaunting resources na meron ako, yung kaunting influence na meron ako para makagawa ng isang pelikula na tatalakay ng transgender experience."
(And then you read something like this that has happened to a transgender person, it's a huge step back. And as a filmmaker, I feel I have the responsibility. I used and pulled the minimal resources I have, the small influence that I have to make a film and to tell the story of the transgender experience.)
While there have been many films about the LGBT community, direk Jun said that they wanted to look more into the lives of trans people.
“Yes, I agree na marami ng pelikula sa atin na tungkol sa gay experience. Pero yung transgender, yung context life, struggles ng transgender [people], I don't think ganun karami. And iyon yung particular topic subject matter na I wanted to explore.”
(I agree there have been many films about the gay experience. But for the transgender, their life, the struggles of a transgender [person], I don't think there's that much. And that's the particular topic subject matter I wanted to explore.)
“Sa ating kasi pag bakla, bakla para isang umbrella. So hindi naintindihan yung concept na gender identity, yung sexual orientation. Of course hindi naman lecture yung buong pelikula para malaman yung gender identity, sexual orientation but we made sure na maayos na tinalakay namin yung pinagdadaanan nung character niya [Paolo] si Tricia para maintindihan namin siya.”
(In our society, when you're gay, you're gay, it's just one umbrella, it seems to others. So not everyone understands the concept of gender identity, sexual orientation. Of course the movie is not a lecture preaching about gender identity, sexual orientation. We made sure that we were able to tackle the situation of Tricia's character, to understand her.)
For trans actores Rica Paras and Mimi Juareza, Die Beautiful serves as an opportunity for society to learn more about the transgender community.
Rica, who was a former housemate on Pinoy Big Brother, said that movie is meaningful to her, because it resonates with my experiences.
"Madaming mga naging topic ng pelikulang ang transgender. Pero itong pelikula na ito, para sa akin, ito yung nagbigay buhay sa transgender... mula sa pagkabata niya, paano niya nakilala yung sarili niya, hanggang sa yung mga dreams niya, yung mga ginawa niya sa buhay, hanggang sa kamatayan, at kung paano siya sinuportahan ng mga tao, na touch niya sa buong buhay niya. So para sa akin, parang naging autobiography na siya ng isang transgender life and this movie really brings it to life," they said.
(There have been so many films tackling the topic of transgender people. But this film, for me, this is the one that gave life to a transgender person... from the time they were a kid, how they got to know herself, up to their dreams, what they did with their life, until they died, and how they were supported and people whose lives they touched. So for me, it somehow became almost autobiographical, in that it tackles a transgender person's life; this movie brings it to life.)
Mimi echoed Rica's statement. They said that they themselves can relate to the character of Tricia.
"Yes, katulad ng sinabi ni Rica, napakadami na ng transgender movies na lumabas. Pero this film, parang sobrang relatable para sa akin. Kasi ang nangyari, ako iyon si Paolo. Mula nung nag start siya, nung nag-out siya as transgender, parang naiisip ko na ako ito, nangyari sa akin. Tapos ngayon pinakita sa malaking sinehan, that it will open minds to everybody, not just katulad [sa] namin, at sa mga taong straight, pag napanood nila yung movie, talagang mabubuksan yung isipan nila na mahirap yung pinagdadaanan namin, ng mga katulad namin, they said.
(Yes, as what Rica said, there may have been movies that already tackled the life of trans people. But this film, it's very relatable for me. Because what happened was, it was like I was Paolo's [character]. From the moment they started, when they came out as transgender, I thought it was me, it happened to me. And now, it's being shown on the big screen, that it will open minds to everybody – not just people like us, and for the straight people out there, when they watch the movie, it will really open their minds on what we are going through.)
"Hindi lang siya sa nakikita ng mga tao na sobrang saya, happy-go-lucky, pinagtatawan, pero at the back of it, napakalungkot dahil ang dami namin pinagdadaanan. Sobrang sad kaya pag napanood ninyo itong film na ito, sobrang maiintindihan at marami kayong matutunan. At dapat pagkatapos ito panoorin, masasabi ninyo na we LGBT should have a place in this world."
(People don't just see that we're always smiling, happy-go-lucky, always laughed at, but at the back of it, it's very sad because we're going through so many things in life. So when you watch this film, you'll understand and you'll learn so much from it. And hopefully after watching this film, you'll definitely say that we LGBT people should have a place in this world.)
For Paolo Ballesteros, the film is significant not only for their career, but also because of their personal ties to the LGBT community.
"I've always been pro [LGBT], being I have a lesbian sister na I love so much," they told reporters after the press conference.
"So growing up with her, siya yung talagang nag-alaga sa amin (it was them who took care of us) everyday. So very close to my heart [ang] mga transgender [people], mga LGBT. So walang pagbabago (Nothing has changed) – same respect, save love for them."
The film, which started as passion project for direk Jun, has been recognized internationally, with Paolo winning the Best Actor award at the Tokyo International Film Festival last November. It was also honored with the Audience Award.
Die Beautiful also stars Joel Torre, Luis Alandy, Gladys Reyes, Albie Casiño, Inah de Belen, Christian Bables, IC Mendoza, Cedrick Juan, and Faye Alhambra, with the special participation of Iza Cazaldo and Eugene Domingo. The film opens on December 25 as part of the Metro Manila Film Festival. – Rappler.com
With the 2014 FIFA World Cup just underway, the eyes of the world are all trained on Brazil.
In eight years' time, might they be back on the United States? ESPN's Jorge Ramos is reporting that FIFA is bracing to possibly move the 2022 tournament from the originally-planned host nation of Qatar:
It is happening @ESPN_JorgeRamos reports FIFA ask US Soccer to have organizing comittee ready if 2022 WC is not in Qatar — roger bennett (@rogbennett) June 12, 2014
For those not familiar with the situation, the awarding of the 2022 World Cup to Qatar has been riddled with controversy. About two weeks ago, a report in the Sunday Times confirmed what many had long suspected: that FIFA officials had accepted bribes to award the tournament to Qatar, where the temperatures in the summer can exceed 120 degrees.
When the tournament was awarded late in 2010, the United States was seen as one of the favorites to land the tournament. The 1994 World Cup in the US was a resounding success, and with its many stadiums and top-class infrastructure, America would have been a logical choice to host.
It appears that, four years later, we may finally get the solution US-based fans have been longing for.
RELATED: Report Links Bribery to Qatar World Cup
RELATED: How Close Is Qatar to Losing the 2022 World Cup?
[via Twitter]
Astronomers have discovered a gravitationally lensed Type Ia supernova that will soon give them a new measure of the universe's expansion.
“I was baffled.”
That's how Mansi Kasliwal (Caltech) describes their first impression when they looked at initial images of the supernova dubbed iPTF 16geu. It was clearly a Type Ia, the kind of supernova made famous in its role as standard candle. In 1998 a team of astronomers used just this kind of supernovae to measure luminosity independently of distance — and in the process, discover the existence of dark energy. (They won the Nobel Prize in 2011 for their effort.)
But this supernova didn't seem to follow the rule that governed the rest of its type. “It was much brighter than it should have been given its distance from us,” Kasliwal says.
Follow-up observations from the Hubble Space Telescope, the Keck telescope in Hawai‘i, and the European Southern Observatory's Very Large Telescope in Chile revealed three more supernovae near the first one. They were just like it — identical, in fact. Turns out a foreground galaxy's gravity had bent the light of supernova iPTF 16geu during its 4.3 billion-year journey toward Earth, dialing up its brightness by a factor of 52 and splitting its light into four images just 0.3 arcseconds apart. The result is a classic Einstein Cross, the first ever for a Type Ia supernova.
Astronomers have discovered gravitational lenses by the dozen — massive foreground galaxies or galaxy clusters magnify (and distort) the light from background galaxies, giving astronomers a view of the early universe that would otherwise lie out of reach.
But supernovae are rarely captured in such lenses. Their flare of light is too brief — on the order of months or years depending on the type of supernova and its distance. Only one supernova with multiple images has been caught before: Supernova Refsdal, a core-collapse supernova.
This discovery was made possible by the Intermediate Palomar Transient Factory, a fully automated 1.2-meter telescope that scans the sky with a large field camera. It's designed to catch fast-changing celestial events, such as supernovae, in near-real-time. The researchers in Global Relay of Observatories Watching Transients Happen (GROWTH) led the observations that followed up on the supernova's discovery.
As cool as it is to catch a supernova in a cosmic lens, it's even cooler that it's a Type Ia supernova — knowing how bright it really is (and not just how bright it appears to be thanks to the lens's magnification) tells astronomers how far away it really is and makes tricky lensing calculations a lot more straightforward, with fewer assumptions involved.
Since the light from Supernova iPTF 16geu was split into four images, each of those images took a slightly different path to Earth. Now, the international team of astronomers is calculating the length of each of those paths. Soon, Goobar and colleagues will have a measure of the Hubble constant, which tells us how quickly the universe is accelerating. That's a valuable piece of data, as astronomers have been arguing about the Hubble constant for decades, and — even though they're narrowing in on an answer — debate has only intensified in recent years.
“When people measure the expansion rate of the universe now locally, using supernovae or Cepheid stars, they get a different number from those looking at early universe observations and the cosmic microwave background,” says Ariel Goobar (Stockholm University, Sweden). “There is tension out there and it would be neat if we could contribute to resolving that quest.”
Not sure if Bush-Blair deal to invade Iraq was ‘signed in blood,' former UK ambassador says; Iraq war inquiry could be a cover-up, critics claim
A former British ambassador to the United States says then-National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice talked to them about Iraq and Saddam Hussein hours after the attacks on the World Trade Center and Pentagon on Sept. 11, 2001.
Sir Christopher Meyer, who served as Britain's top diplomat in Washington from 1997 to 2003, also told an inquiry into the Iraq war that the timeline the US and Britain set to invade Iraq made it impossible for the UN to determine if Saddam Hussein had active weapons of mass destruction programs.
They also criticized former British Prime Minister Tony Blair, saying that a “stronger prime minister” like Margaret Thatcher would have been able to exert more influence on Washington and allow more time for diplomacy, while insisting on a plan for what would happen after the invasion.
On September 11, 2001, Rice reportedly told Meyer that “there's no doubt this was an Al-Qaeda operation [but] we are just looking to see if there could possibly be any connection with Saddam Hussein.”
Rice's comments at the time are “important because they suggest that the United States quickly tied the attacks with Saddam's regime,” writes David Stringer at the Associated Press. “Years later, President George W. Bush's administration was forced to acknowledge that they could find no connection between Saddam and the attacks.”
Meyer, the former ambassador, also told the inquiry that the “unforgiving nature” of the Bush administration's plans for an Iraq invasion effectively made it impossible for chief UN weapons inspector Hans Blix to determine if Saddam had an operational weapon of mass destruction program. The Guardian reports:
Sir Christopher Meyer said the “unforgiving nature” of the build-up after American forces had been told to prepare for war meant that “we found ourselves scrabbling for the smoking gun”. They added: “It was another way of saying ‘it's not that Saddam has to prove that he's innocent, we've now bloody well got to try and prove he's guilty.' And we – the Americans, the British – have never really recovered from that because of course there was no smoking gun.” The US had first prepared for invasion in January but the date was later moved to March. “All that said, when you looked at the timetable for the inspections, it was impossible to see how [Hans] Blix [chief weapons inspector] could bring the process to a conclusion, for better or for worse, by March.”
Meyer also suggested that an April, 2002 meeting between Blair and President George W. Bush at the president's ranch in Crawford, Texas, may have marked the turning point when the UK decided to follow the US unquestioningly into a war in Iraq, and it may have been the moment when Tony Blair realized that weapons of mass destruction were little more than a pretext for the actual purpose of the war — regime change in Iraq. The Daily Telegraph reports that Meyer said:
“The two men were alone in the ranch so I'm not entirely clear to this day what degree of convergence (on Iraq policy) was signed in blood, if you like, at the Crawford ranch.
“But there are clues in the speech Tony Blair gave the next day, which was the first time they had said in public ‘regime change'. They were trying to draw the lessons of 9/11 and apply them to the situation in Iraq which led – I think not inadvertently but deliberately – to a conflation of the threat posed by Osama bin Laden and Saddam Hussein. “When I read that I thought ‘this represents a tightening of the UK/US alliance and a degree of convergence on the danger Saddam Hussein presented'.”
Meyer also criticized Tony Blair for not insisting more strongly that the US put more effort into a diplomatic resolution to the Iraq conflict, comparing the Labour Party prime minister unfavorably to Britain's Conservative prime minister in the 1980s, Baroness Margaret Thatcher. The Independent reports:
Insisting they were not making a “party political point”, Sir Christopher said they had asked themselves “what would Margaret Thatcher have done” in handling Britain's relationship with the US. “I think they would have insisted on a clear, coherent diplomatic strategy and I think they would have demanded the greatest clarity about what the heck will happen if and when we remove Saddam Hussein,” they said.
COVER-UP?
The British government's inquiry into the Iraq invasion, led by Sir John Chilcot, is being described in the British media as the largest, most expansive investigation yet into the Iraq war and its causes. But some critics say that an arrangement between the government of Prime Minister Gordon Brown and the Chilcot inquiry to keep certain documents secret could result in a cover-up.
“A previously undisclosed agreement between Sir John Chilcot's inquiry and the government gives Whitehall [the British government] the final say on what information the investigation can release into the public domain,” reports Andrew Grice, political editor of the Independent.
A protocol agreed by the inquiry and the government includes nine wide-ranging reasons under which Whitehall departments can refuse to publish documents disclosed to the investigation. Crucially, disputes between Sir John and the government over disclosures would be resolved by the Cabinet Secretary, Sir Gus O'Donnell [the highest-ranking bureaucrat in the British government]. The agreement allows the Government to stop publication of material which would “cause harm or damage to the public interest” such as national security, international relations or economic interests; breach the disclosure rules of the security services; endanger life or risk serious harm to an individual; breach legal professional privilege; prejudice legal proceedings or a statutory or criminal inquiry; breach the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act or Data Protection Act; or be commercially sensitive.
Observers have already noticed the arrangement between the inquiry and the British government at work, and have suggested that information is already being concealed from the public.
“The limitations of the Chilcot inquiry are obvious,” writes Diane Abbott at the Guardian. “It is a group of establishment trusties, evidence will not be on oath and the government is doing its best to keep key documents from the inquiry. Even yesterday, in the very first week of the inquiry, former British ambassador to Washington, Sir Christopher Meyer, mentioned four key documents that they knew existed but the Chilcot inquiry had not seen.”
But Abbott noted that important information about the run-up to the Iraq war is making it through to the public, despite the government's efforts to restrict it. “Despite everything, the truth is coming to light,” Abbott writes.
Originally published in Arthur No. 19 (Nov. 2005), as a sidebar to Trinie Dalton's cover feature profile
Photo collage of (and by) Geologist and Deacon
DIVERS DOWN
Animal Collective's Geologist and Deacon share the scuba experience with Morgan V. Lebus
Arthur: When and where were these photos taken?
Deacon: We went diving off the east side of Marathon Key in Herman's Hole. The visibility underwater was crystal. Herman is a very large moray eel who no longer lives in their hole–he's relocated to an aquarium in Miami.
Isn't scuba diving expensive?
Deacon: The toughest part is getting certified, which costs about $500. I was lucky enough to have a dive master friend who certified me for free. The most expensive part of scuba diving is the travel. You can dive almost anywhere, but unless you're pretty gung ho about it, diving in the local quarry is less than choice. You want to go somewhere that has a a tropical vibe, with lots of reef life and clear waters. Once you're there, a full day of diving with boat and and gear rental will run less than $100.
Geologist: While this is true, if you are into cold water diving, there are some good lake spots in New England. I've never done any cold water dives because you need to buy a dry-suit.
Your most fascinating underwater find?
Deacon: It's all fascinating: scuba diving is the best drug ever. My first open water dive (off a boat, away from the shore) was in South Carolina. The visibility was low and we didn't see much more than a few barrucada and some flounder (a flat bottom feeder fish with both eyes on one side of its head). On the way up the surface I couldn't see the bottom or the surface but off in front of me about fifteen feet away was a jellyfish. A very simple translucent specimen, but I could've watched sway it for hours.
Geologist: In the Gulf of California I went diving off the coast of an island that was home to a sea lion colony. The pups had just been born and they were extremely curious. I also saw a seahorse there—they're pretty rare. My big dream though, is to see whale sharks, mantas, leafy sea dragons, and a school of hammerhead.
If you could dive anywhere on earth, where would it be?
Geologist: The arctic or antarctic. The way the light filters through the ice is supposed to be amazing. I´d also like to dive in the Andamen sea off the coast of Thailand, but further north, closer to Burma.
Deacon: I think for me it is more a matter of when. Coral is being damaged at an intense rate and a lot of marine life is gone. I imagine that diving 100 years ago would have been a dramatically different experience, regardless of where you did it.
Your deepest dive, ever?
Deacon: South Carolina at about 68 feet down.
Geologist: Deep dives are not necessarily the best because your bottom time is extremely limited. With a normal tank rig you get about 15 minutes of dive time at 90 feet before you have to to a shallower depth and decompress. However, a 30-foot dive can have amazing stuff as well and your dive can be an hour long. My deepest was just above 100. The limit was 90 feet but it was a wall dive—the sea floor was about 65 feet and it stretches out from the island and then you reach the edge and the wall drops 6,000 feet! We swam over the edge and dropped to 90 feet and viewed the wall along our side. It's an amazing feeling to look down and see nothing but darkness and try to comprehend the bottom being 6,000 feet below you.
Future foreign immigrants to possibly penetrate sex industry
For years, economists in Japan have been predicting that the nation's rapidly aging population will have dire consequences in the coming decades.
It was not surprising then that Diet member Motohisa Furukawa on Thursday said, during a Budget Committee meeting of the Lower House, that it is necessary to debate the issue of foreign immigration from the standpoint of the future well-being of the nation.
Evening tabloid Tokyo Sports (Feb. 15) points out that immigration has posed a number of problems in Great Britain and France, indicating that foreigners entering low-paying professions has lead to poverty and civic unrest.
For Japan, the tabloid foresees many immigrants entering the sex industry.
Akira Ikoma, editor of a guide to the men's entertainment called Ore no Tabi (My Journey), says the situation will be similar to that depicted in the recent NHK documentary “I can't see tomorrow,” which showed that the fuzoku trade is a “safety net” for a growing number of women in poverty.
“Since they are in a state of hopelessness, there is no doubt they'll flow into the sex trade,” says Ikoma of future immigrants.
Of course, the editor adds, there is already a great number of women employed in the world's oldest profession, including those from other parts of Asia and South America. “There are brokers bring the women in from their countries,” says Ikoma. “Because of these existing conditions, underground activities will emerge.”
Specifically, the editor foresees cases where “snack” hostess clubs will allow customers to take women off the premises.
“This kind of thing will not take place in metropolitan areas,” says Ikoma. “It will emerge in rural areas.”
The editor does not believe this will be a positive development from a consumer point of view. “Right now, there is no interest in features in magazines on foreigners,” says Ikoma. “For whatever reason, Japanese sex workers convey a sense of security.”
However, it may be a moot point. A government insider tells Tokyo Sports that there is little interest among politicians to allow more foreigners into Japan. (A.T.)
Source: “Nihon ga imin wo ukeiretara ura fuzoku ga kasseika?” Tokyo Sports (Feb. 15, page 3)
Sterling Jewelers, Inc. is an American specialty jewelry company headquartered in Akron, Ohio. The company was founded in 1910 by Henry Shaw (the father of Jerry Shaw, the chairperson emeritus of Sterling today), from LeRoy's Jewelers in Lorain, Ohio. Sterling Jewelers is a wholly owned subsidiary of UK-based Signet Jewelers Limited (listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol SIG), having been acquired in 1987.[2]
History [ edit ]
Signet Jewelers, based in the U.K., is a specialty retail jeweler, with stores in the United States, United Kingdom, Canada, Republic of Ireland, and Channel Islands. Approximately 78% of company sales are derived from the 12 different store brands operating in the U.S. They include Belden Jewelers,[3] Ernest Jones,[4] Goodman Jewelers,[3] H.Samuel,[4] J.B. Robinson Jewelers,[3] JamesAllen.com,[4] Jared The Galleria Of Jewelry,[4] Kay Jewelers,[4] Signet Jewelers Limited, Le Roy's Jewelers,[3] Marks & Morgan,[3] Osterman Jewelers,[3] Peoples,[4] Peoples,[5] Piercing Pagoda,[4] Rogers Jewelers,[3] Shaw's Jewelers,[3] Weisfield Jewelers,[3] and Zales,[4] among others (all of which operate as Sterling divisions).[6][7][8]
According to the company's 2 February 2008 Annual Report & Accounts, Sterling has the number-two position in the U.S. with a 4.2% market share of all jewelry purchases. Sterling has a leading 8.8% market share in the specialty jeweler market share (highest in the sector).
Since 2009, Sterling Jewelers has been a corporate sponsor of St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, making a number of donations to many of the hospital's building, clinical, and research projects. In February 2015, the company's senior vice president of field operations estimated that the company's past commitments to the St. Jude amounted to more than $90 million.[9]
In February 2014, Signet Jewelers Ltd. agreed to buy Zale Corporation, with Zale shareholders receiving US$21 a share in cash in a US$1.4 billion deal. This merger will create a $6.2 billion firm.[10]
In August 2017, it was announced that Signet Jewelers Ltd. agreed to buy R2Net, owner of online jewelry retailer JamesAllen.com, for $328 million.[11]
Sex discrimination and sexual harassment proceedings [ edit ]
Sterling Jewelers is being sued by 69,000 female employees and former employees for sexual harassment and sex discrimination in an ongoing class arbitration proceeding,[1][12] In February 2017, The Washington Post obtained and reported on declarations made by about 250 women and men who worked for the company. The declarations state that men in supervisory roles at Kay Jewelers and Jared the Galleria of Jewelry sexually harassed younger salespersons by groping, making demeaning comments, and demanding of sexual favors in return for promotion and higher pay. Signet Jewelers's CEO Mark Light and other senior executives were among those accused of demanding sexual favors.[1] The former employees also accuse Sterling of wage violations, contending that women at the company were "systematically paid less than men and passed over for promotions given to less experienced male colleagues."[1] The company denies the allegations.[1]
Separately, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission brought sex discrimination claims against the company in 2008.[13] In May 2017, the EEOC and Sterling Jewelers settled the case by a consent decree; under the settlement, Sterling Jewelers does not have to pay a monetary sum and does not acknowledge any wrongdoing, but agreed to adopt new anti-discrimination policies and to hire an independent expert to review the company's compensation and promotion policies. The EEOC settlement does not affect the separate class action proceeding.[14][15]
Credit card practices case [ edit ]
On January 16, 2019, Sterling Jewelers paid $11 million under a settlement with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. The Bureau's investigations concluded that Sterling violated the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 by signing customers up for store credit without their knowledge or consent and enrolling them in payment-protection insurance.[16] The investigations also found that the company violated the Truth in Lending Act when customers were signed-up for credit-card accounts without receiving an application from them. Sterling's parent company, Signet Jewelers Ltd, refused the allegations but then accepted the settlement.[17]
A Vodafone spokesperson told Sydney's Daily Telegraph that "a burst of flames" appeared from the charging port of an iPad demo model at a store in Canberra.
The fire brigade was called in after the store filled with smoke and sparks continued to appear from the charging port, the newspaper reported.
Although no staff members or customers were injured during the incident, pictures reveal that the tablet was completely destroyed, the appearance of its frame suggesting it had suffered from extreme heat:
It is understood a representative from Apple visited the store to collect the iPad for testing and try to establish what caused the explosion.
The iPad Air was released globally on November 1. The thinner, lighter, more powerful model features a more advanced processor that the company hopes will unleash a new wave of applications.
Archie Comics Cartoonist Tom Moore Dies At 86
Enlarge this image toggle caption AP AP
Artist Tom Moore, who gave life to the teen angst of Archie and their Riverdale pals from 1953 to the late 1980s, has died of lung cancer in El Paso, Texas.
According to their hometown paper, the El Paso Times, Moore began their cartooning career while serving in the U.S. Navy. Moore got caught drawing a caricature of their captain, but instead of getting in trouble, they got an assignment as staff cartoonist. Their talent led them to a decades-long career illustrating for Archie, as well as Underdog and Mighty Mouse comics.
"He's a legend, in El Paso and, really, around the United States," All Star Comics & Games owner Brad Wilson told the paper. "A lot of people don't realize how much they influenced comic book art."
Archie Comics' editor-in-chief, Victor Gorelick, told The Associated Press: "Tom was very funny and had a knack for putting together really great, hilarious gags and special pages when they worked at Archie." Gorelick says Moore was best known for drawing a reboot of the "Jughead" series in the 1980s, featuring Archie's best friend and sidekick.
Archie Comics launched in 1941, inspired in part by the Andy Hardy movies of the 1930s. Although many associate Archie and the gang with classic high school drama, the franchise evolved to take on modern topics and add greater diversity to its cast of characters.
Moore kept up with the Archie character even after their retirement, and was pleased when some of their work was displayed at the El Paso Museum of Art in 1996.
"I think it's such a kick that my stuff is going to be hanging at the museum," they said at the time. "Who knew Archie would have such universal appeal?"
Skiing and Snowboarding in Hawai`i
Mauna Kea (Hawaiian for 'white mountain') is a 13,796' (4205 meter) volcanic mountain whose summit sometimes gets a skiable/boardable mantle of snow. There are no lifts, no grooming, no resort, but a road goes to the summit to serve the dozen or so world class observatories located at the summit. You must have a 4-wheel drive vehicle to get to the summit, which serves as your "lift." Basically, skiers take turns being the driver, who picks up the other skiers at the bottom of the runs and ferries them up to the summit. Conditions at the top are extremely variable. Winter temperatures range from 25 to 40 degrees F (-4 to 4 C), but wind chill and the high altitude can make it seem much colder. Between April and November the weather is milder, with daytime temperatures varying from 30 to 60 degrees F (0 to 15 C).
You can get a good idea of the terrain (without snow) on top of Mauna Kea using Richard Wainscoat's Aerial Tour. The photo of Mauna Kea Observatories viewed from the West looks into one the runs with the easiest access, the Poi Bowl (below left), which extends from the upper road down to the lower road of the aerial photo. There are live cameras on the Canada-France-Hawaii Telescope (CFHT), seen behind the skier in the left photo below and at the Joint Astronomy Centre. The CFHT camera shows current conditions (in the background behind the radio tower to the left of the linked photo) on one of the steeper runs, Prince Kuhio on Pu'u Hau Kea (below right).
You can also see current views of Mauna Kea from the Mauna Loa Observatory camera .You're in luck if you can see lots of white on top of Mauna Kea. They also save the latest image before sunset if you are checking the site after dark. (Hawaii is ten hours behind UTC.) Completely white or gray camera views indicate that it is probably snowing.
The National Weather Service forecasts for Hilo and vicinity will provide information on what weather to expect. Rick Knabb at the University of Hawai`i Institute for Astronomy provides a two day Mauna Kea Forecast for astronomers.
If the winds are blowing 25-100+ knots, forget about driving to the summit. Too cold (wind chill), too dangerous and the road will probably be closed. The time to ski is after the islands get a big front passing through with lots of precipitation from high clouds, and Mauna Kea gets a good dump of snow. Depending on the wind, it may take a few days for the road to be cleared. You may need to be ready to fly over to Kona or Hilo within a few days, because the snow often melts with all the Hawaiian sunshine that Mauna Kea gets! Hawaii gets a lot more precipitation and so more snow in La Nina winters. El Nino winters can be very dry. Although February and March are the months most likely to have snow, in one unusual year back in the mid 80's, there was enough snow to hold a ski meet on July 4th!
The snow can have some very strange texture after days of exposure to the intense sun. Some runs can be quite steep and the snow can end abruptly. There is no soft vegetation underneath, only hard lava rock and abrasive cinder. You should be in very good physical shape, aerobically. The air is very thin, less than 60% of the air pressure at sea level, and most people experience altitude sickness to some degree. If you have the Adobe Acrobat Reader installed on your computer, you should read the UH Institute for Astronomy information on having a Safe and Enjoyable Trip to the Summit . Note the precautions about SCUBA diving.
While the snow conditions on Mauna Kea may not be the best in the world, the observatories are. You may find Summit Tours of the Onizuka Center for International Astronomy and the Visitor Information Station very interesting. The University of Hawaii Institute for Astronomy has provided driving directions to the visitor station at the 9300' (2835 meter) elevation and to the summit as well as information on road closures. Remember, there is no food, water, gas, or bathroom available above the visitor station.
USA Today has an article in which includes information about skiing Mauna Kea . Island Snow has more pictures of boarding on Mauna Kea. Lektrode's Mauna Kea Primer has lots of pictures with a good description of a skiing in Hawaii. The December, '99 issue of HMSA's Island Scene has an article, Breathtaking... about snowboarding on Mauna Kea.
Please realize that Mauna Kea is sacred to some Hawaiian people. Treat the area with respect. Also please remember that Mauna Kea is one of the best sites in the world for astronomy. Avoid interferring with astronomers' work. Skiers' cars stuck on the road can also cause significant problems for those working at the summit. The observatory staff also have had to spend some of their very valuable time at the summit rescuing skiers or snowboarders who weren't able to stop before the snow did. Snow conditions can be very challenging and lava rock very unforgiving, but the views are incredible. If you're in shape and conditions cooperate, you can have a fabulous time. The contrast between blue sky and ocean, white snow, and black cinder is unforgettable. Anyway, good luck and we hope Hawaii gets a big dump of powder while you're in the islands!
If you'd like to try cross country skiing without the snow and cold, check out what Olympic medalist and World Cup overall champion Bill Koch has been up to on Maui and Molokai.
When planning a trip to the Big Island, be sure to check the Eruption Update at the Hawaii Volcanoes Observatory. You may luck out and travel there when you can hike up close to hot, orange, flowing lava; or be able to see hot lava flow into the ocean. Another spectacular experience on the Big Island of Hawai`i!
Other Useful Links
Joscha Legewie points to this article by Lars Ronnegard, Xia Shen, and Moudud Alam, “hglm: A Package for Fitting Hierarchical Generalized Linear Models,” which just appeared in the R journal. This new package has the advantage, compared to lmer(), of allowing non-normal distributions for the varying coefficients. On the downside, they seem to have reverted to the ugly lme-style syntax (for example, “fixed = y ~ week, random = ~ 1|ID” rather than “y ~ week + (1|D)”). The old-style syntax has difficulties handling non-nested grouping factors. They also say they can estimate models with correlated random effects, but isn't that just the same as varying-intercept, varying-slope models, which lmer (or Stata alternatives such as gllam) can already do? There's also a bunch of stuff on H-likelihood theory, which seems pretty pointless to me (although probably it won't do much harm either).
In any case, this package might be useful to some of you, hence this note.
When most of the world came to know Malala Yousafzai, they had just been shot by a Taliban gunman on their school bus in Pakistan's Swat Valley. The first time they were seen in the days following the attack, they were unconscious, listless, clinging to life as they were carried around by stretcher.
Multiple hospitals, thousands of miles, and nearly three months later, the 15-year old this week walked out of the Birmingham, England hospital where they have been treated, smiling and waving to the hospital camera, with a long road to recovery ahead but the worst of it, now behind them
In a statement from the Queen Elizabeth Hospital, where the teenage education advocate has been treated since October 15th of last year, Medical Director Dr. Dave Rosser said Malala's team of doctors discharged them Thursday, deciding “that they would benefit from being at home with their parents and two brothers.”
Malala's father,Ziauddin, their mother, Toorpekai, and two younger brothers, Khushal and Atul, followed them to Birmingham and have been staying in accomodations near the hospital. Sources close to the family say they are enjoying finally being together again, and that Malala and their father remain committed to their cause of education for all. At the moment, however, sources say their priority remains Malala's full recovery.
They had been making short visits to where their family was staying in recent weeks, but will now be treated on an outpatient basis at the hospital, making future visits for check-ups and continuing treatment. According to hospital officials, their final surgery should take place at the end of January or beginning of February. During that cranial reconstruction, doctors will replace the part of their skull that had been removed soon after they were shot to allow their brain to swell without causing Malala further damage. The original skull fragment or a custom-built titanium plate will be used in that process.
Hospital sources have called Malala's recovery “remarkable,” particularly considering they were shot in the head at point-blank range, but warn that they have a long physical and psychological recovery ahead. They have been seen in brief video clips and photographs released periodically by the hospital, but has yet to speak publicly since they were attacked.
Malala's father, also a vocal education advocate in Pakistan who runs the school they attended in the town of Mingora, has been speaking on their daughter's behalf since they were silenced last October.
In a video message released in November, they thanked the millions around the world who had rallied to support their daughter, and pledged to continue their education advocacy, saying, “We can't compromise on the peace and prosperity of our future generations. And we must accept the reality that education is a right, not a privilege.” Ziauddin Yousafzai and Pakistani officials have repeatedly said that Malala and their family will return to Pakistan once they recovered, but an announcement by Pakistan's government this week makes that seem unlikely.
Officials tell NBC News the family's UK visas are set to expire in March. In an effort to keep the family together, and allow Malala to continue their treatment in Birmingham, the Goverment of Pakistan this week created a diplomatic post for Ziauddin, naming them Education Attache in their Birmingham Consulate.
The post permits them and their family to stay in England for up to five years, and affords them accommodations, transportation, and a steady salary. Pakistan's government has been covering the cost of Malala's care and their family's foreign expenses since they were attacked, and has pledged to continue to pay for their treatment.
Back in Mingora, Malala's schoolmates tell NBC they pray for Malala's recovery, and their return.
Classmate Shazia Rehman, also shot in the attack on Malala, has recovered and returned to their school. She's spoken to Malala by telephone, and says Malala expressed concern about future attacks if and when they returned.
“She's a daughter of Swat,” said Shazia. “The work that she's done here, the way she's always talked about girls' education in Swat, it is their obligation to return here.”
The school remains under armed guard, and Shazia is escorted every day by another guard. The Taliban have pledged to try again to kill Malala, and their father, when they return to Pakistan.
Authorities say John Marlin King (l) and Brian Allen Tucker (r) escaped from a Texas jail on April 2, 2013 Hopkins Co. Sheriff»s Dept.
(CBS/AP) SULPHUR SPRINGS, Texas - Two prisoners, including one awaiting trial on a capital murder charge, have broken out of an East Texas jail.
The Hopkins County Sheriff's Office says Brian Allen Tucker of Sulphur Springs and John Marlin King of Cumby escaped from the Hopkins County Jail on Tuesday morning.
Dispatcher Beth Renfro says both apparently fled through a recreation yard used by female inmates at the jail in Sulphur Springs, about 75 miles northeast of Dallas.
CBS affiliate KYTX reports that Renfro said the men's striped prison uniforms were found on the ground near the jail. They reportedly escaped through a recreation yard used by female inmates.
Tucker was being held on $1 million bond in the 2011 death of Bobby Riley of Mahoney. Riley was strangled in their home and some music instruments and firearms had been stolen.
King was being held on an evading arrest charge. KYTX reports that Tucker, 45, is described as 5'7", 171 pounds with brown hair and brown eyes. They have a light mustache and goatee, with a tattoo around their neck, like barbed wire. 40-year-old King is 5'8", 165 pounds with black hair and hazel eyes. They have a light mustache and goatee.
Schools in Sulphur Springs have been locked down.
Statistical comparison of the five double centuries in ODIs
Bharath Seervi FOLLOW ANALYST Stats 24.53K // 25 Feb 2015, 10:55 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter Flipboard Reddit Google+ Email
Chris Gayle is the latest entrant into the list of ODI double centurions
Chris Gayle scored World Cup's first double century at Canberra against Zimbabwe on February 24, 2015. The date when exactly five years ago, ODI cricket's first double century was scored by Sachin Tendulkar against South Africa at Gwalior. Gayle scored 215 off 147 balls including ten fours and 16 sixes and broke many records during the course of their innings.
Gayle's double century is the fifth double century in ODIs but the first by a non-Indian and first outside India. The first four double centuries were all by Indians in India.
Five double centuries in ODIs
Batsman Runs Balls Fours Sixes S/R Opposition Venue Date Sachin Tendulkar 200* 147 25 3 136.05 South Africa Gwalior February 24, 2010 Virender Sehwag 219 149 25 7 149.97 West Indies Indore December 8, 2011 Rohit Sharma 209 158 12 16 132.27 Australia Bangalore November 2, 2013 Rohit Sharma 264 173 33 9 152.60 Sri Lanka Kolkata November 13, 2014 Chris Gayle 215 147 10 16 146.25 Zimbabwe Canberra February 24, 2015
On the occasion of the fifth double century of ODIs and the first of World Cups, let us see a comparison between these knocks and see who was better in which aspects.
Split of each 50-run mark
Runs Sachin (200*) Sehwag (219) Rohit (209) Rohit (264) Gayle (215) Balls 4s 6s Balls 4s 6s Balls 4s 6s Balls 4s 6s Balls 4s 6s 0 to 50 37 9 0 41 3 4 71 3 1 72 5 0 51 4 2 51 to 100 53 4 0 28 6 1 43 1 5 28 7 1 54 1 3 101 to 150 28 8 1 43 7 0 26 3 3 25 7 2 21 1 5 151 to 200 29 4 2 28 7 1 16 5 6 26 6 2 12 2 5 Till 200 147 25 3 140 23 6 156 12 15 151 25 5 138 8 15
It is clear from the above table that Chris Gayle was the quickest to reach the double century mark. They got it in 138 balls while Sehwag did it in 140 balls, Sachin in 147, Rohit Sharma (264) in 151 balls and in 156 balls in their innings of 209.
The fastest 50-run interval was also Gayle's. They reached from 151 to 200 runs in just 12 balls. Rohit Sharma did this in 16 balls in their innings of 209.
Advertisement
Team's overs wise split up
Overs Sachin (200*) Sehwag (219) Rohit (209) Rohit (264) Gayle (215) Runs 4s/6s Runs 4s/6s Runs 4s/6s Runs 4s/6s Runs 4s/6s 0.1 to 10 46 (32) 8/0 29 (25) 3/1 25 (36) 3/1 12 (25) 1/0 24 (36) 3/0 10.1 to 20 33 (29) 4/0 49 (33) 4/3 16 (23) 0/0 29 (37) 4/0 33 (31) 2/2 20.1 to 30 31 (35) 3/0 50 (36) 5/1 44 (28) 0/5 52 (33) 6/1 34 (29) 0/3 30.1 to 40 50 (29) 8/1 54 (37) 8/1 28 (36) 2/1 61 (34) 8/2 43 (34) 1/3 40.1 to 50 40 (22) 2/2 37 (18) 5/1 96 (35) 7/9 110 (44) 14/6 81 (27) 4/8 0.1 to 50 200 (147) 25/3 219 (149) 25/7 209 (158) 12/16 264 (173) 33/9 215 (147) 10/16
In all the double centuries, the batsmen had quite slow starts. Tendulkar scored the most runs in the first ten overs among all. They scored 46 runs off 32 compared to 29 by Sehwag, 25 by Rohit in their 209, 12 by Rohit in 264 and 24 by Gayle.
Considering the last ten overs, it was Rohit Sharma all the way. They smashed 96 runs off 35 balls in their innings of 209 with seven fours and nine sixes. In their 265, Rohit Sharma scored 110 off 44 balls with 14 fours and six sixes. Gayle scored 81 off 27 with four fours and eight sixes.
% of runs in boundaries
Batsman Runs (balls) 4s/6s Runs from Boundaries % of runs in boundaries Sachin Tendulkar 200* (147) 25/3 118 59.00 Virender Sehwag 219 (149) 25/7 142 64.84 Rohit Sharma 209 (158) 12/16 144 68.90 Rohit Sharma 264 (173) 33/9 186 70.45 Chris Gayle 215 (147) 10/16 136 63.26
Tendulkar, in their knock, had scored 59% of runs in boundaries, which is the lowest among all. The highest percentage being Rohit Sharma's in their 264 off 173. In that innings, 70.45% of Rohit's runs came from boundaries.
Off side vs On side
Side Sachin (200*) Sehwag (219) Rohit (209) Rohit (264) Gayle (215) Runs 4s/6s Runs 4s/6s Runs 4s/6s Runs 4s/6s Runs 4s/6s Off side 90 12/1 99 12/3 108 9/5 147 22/4 58 2/1 On side 110 13/2 120 13/4 101 3/11 117 11/5 157 8/15
Rohit Sharma, in both their double centuries, scored at least 100 runs on both sides of the wicket while the others did so on only one side of the wicket. Gayle's one side was the most dominated. They scored 157 out of 215 runs on the on side and only 58 runs on the off side. Out of their 16 sixes, they hit 15 on the on side.
Reaching each 50-run mark
Runs Sachin (200*) Sehwag (219) Rohit (209) Rohit (264) Gayle (215) 1st 1.3 0.6 0.1 0.3 0.6 50th 11.4 14.6 23.4 23.1 17.5 100th 27.6 22.4 37.4 31.1 35.1 150th 37.3 35.3 45.3 38.1 42.4 200th 49.3 43.3 49.1 45.3 45.5
Among all the double centuries, Rohit, in their 209, got to their century the latest (in the 38th over) while Sehwag got there the earliest (in the 23rd over). Well, Sehwag got to their century in the 23rd over whereas Rohit Sharma got to their half-centuries in the 24th over in both their double centuries.
Gayle got to their 150 in the 43rd over but reached their 200 in the 46th over. Sehwag reached the 200 mark the earliest – 44th over – while Sachin got to it the latest – 3rd ball of the 50th over.
Except Sachin, all the other four double centuries saw the batsman eventually being dismissed. Rohit was dismissed in the final over in their 209 and off the final ball in their 264. Gayle also lost their wicket off the last delivery of the innings.
Syria may not be put back together again, but partitioning it now would be to invite ethnic cleansing.
American secretary of state John Kerry raised the possibility of a partition in Syria on Tuesday when they told a Senate committee, “It may be too late to keep it as a whole Syria if we wait much longer.”
Kerry's is a belated admission of reality, but there are good reasons why Western diplomats have shied away from raising the option for so long. Partition could make the violence in Syria worse before making it better.
Rump state
After five years of war and nearly half a million estimated deaths, it is hard to imagine Syria being put back together again.
Strongman Bashar Assad's strategy from the beginning of the uprising has been to divide the country. They dismissed genuine opposition to their dictatorship as terrorism and radicalized the rebellion by abetting the emergence of what is now the self-declared Islamic State and ordering Alawite hit squads to ethnically cleanse Sunni villages in the Nusayriyah Mountains that separate their tribe's coastal heartland from the rest of Syria.
Assad's loyalists, who include Shia militants from Iran and Lebanon, have fought only to defend those western parts of Syria that are populated by Alawites, Christians and Druze, leaving the Sunni-majority center and east to the Islamic State and the north to the Kurds.
Russia airstrikes have similarly targeted opposition groups in the west, whatever the Kremlin's proclamations about fighting terrorism in Syria.
Interests
Assad's protectors have no immediate interest in reunification.
Neither has a single reason to support Assad, but for Iran, the priority is maintaining access to its Lebanese proxy, Hezbollah, while the Russians want to maintain their navy base at Tartus and stop Sunni jihadists returning home to the Caucasus.
They don't need Assad governing more than the west of the country to be able to do so.
Indeed, both Iran and Russia may prefer a continued Islamic State presence in Syria, as it puts pressure on America's Sunni allies in the Middle East, and Russia at least may want to see a Kurdish republic emerge on the southern border of its NATO rival Turkey, for reasons we reported earlier this month.
Apprehension
Turkish apprehension about Kurdish statehood argues against a formal partition of Syria, although this is starting to look more a question of when than if.
Another reason to be cautious is that partition could lead to worse ethnosectarian cleansing.
Not only Assad's henchmen have been involved in as much; the Islamic State group will execute or expel anybody who doesn't meet their definition of a proper Sunni Arab Muslim. They may only get more murderous once the world recognizes them as a state with its own borders.
Artificial borders
Syria's borders may be “artificial” but it's hard to find “natural” borders in the Middle East that would give Shia and Sunni Muslims and Arabs and Kurds neatly-defined states of their own.
Mountainous Kurdistan may be an exception, but even it would not be ethnically nor religiously homogenous.
It shouldn't have to be. Peace doesn't break out when every tribe or sect finds a state of its own. It happens when different people learn to live with each other in the state they have.
It's not just Middle Easterners who are struggling to do that, though.
How much do you love American Horror Story? Is it enough to actually transform yourself into one of the characters from the show (for fun, or Halloween, or whatever the reason)? There are so many characters and looks to choose from, whether any of the witches from Coven, to Sally from Hotel, or just trying to channel your inner Jessica Lange (every day of your life).
Though we still don't know the theme of Season 6, and won't till tomorrow, that hasn't stopped one makeup artists from totally embracing this season and turning themselves not into one of the upcoming characters, but instead the TEASERS.
Yeah, the freakin' teasers. This is some 💯🙌 makeup work.
Arrianna Blackmon is a makeup artist from Florida, and they are scary good at transforming themselves into literal American Horror Story works of art.
"I've always watched shows like [AHS] or horror movies and was never really scared [of them] but more intrigued by the way they did the makeup," Arrianna explained to HelloGiggles. "Or, if it is something done through computer graphics, [I'd] rack my brain on how I could recreate something similar."
Clearly having obsessed over the Season 6 teasers (just like us) Arrianna not only gave themselves spider eyelashes (WHAT THE WHAT) but turned themselves into the creepy doll (that may or may not be a direct reference to Murder House).
The looks take anywhere between 2-3 hours, depending on how much detail they require (and sometimes, Arrianna has to stop mid-way through, because their son “wakes up from their nap and [I finish] it with them sitting in my lap. He's kind of desensitized to it because he's so used to it and even calls my looks pretty [versus] running away from me.” AWWWWW).
"I plan to do more looks as the theme is revealed."
Considering these were done before even finding out the theme of Season 6, we can't wait to see how Arrianna is going to become [insert whatever character Sarah Paulson ends up playing here].
At a press conference Wednesday, Rodriguez addressed what happened for the first time. They said they tried to identify themselves as police officers pushed them back with batons. "They kept pushing," Rodriguez said. 'The force was so strong when they were pushing me. Then suddenly a police officer jumped from the middle of the street. They threw their body in front of me and started hitting my head on the street. ... I was assaulted by NY police officers." That's a different account than the complaint filed in court against them by New York police. The complaint alleges Rodriguez walked up to metal barriers on the southeast corner of Maiden Lane and Broadway and declared they were going to go through. When an officer told them they could not proceed, they said they would anyway, and made contact with a female police officer--knocking them of balance. An attorney for Rodriguez said "The criminal complaint is a fiction." Jumaane D. Williams, a fellow councilmember, told HuffPost the events Tuesday were "disgusting." "We as a country and as a society have supported protests, multiple protests, halfway around the world," Williams said, pointing out that some of them were violent while insisting New York remained peaceful. "We never once asked the question, 'Are they on public property when they're protesting?'" Williams chastised New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg for the events that transpired. "He's going to be associated with squashing a democratic voice," Williams said. "Thank god that you can't arrest a spirit and your can't arrest a movement."
Rodriguez was not permitted to speak with legal representatives for 13 hours as police detained them Tuesday. It was reported they were bleeding from their head and on Wednesday they had a visibly bruised left eye. Rodriguez also said they were left in a van alone for two hours. "Those are troubling, troubling questions, which we in the council, but more importantly, we as New Yorkers deserve to get answers to," City Council Speaker Christine Quinn said, referring to their attempts to find out from NYPD why Rodriguez was treated in that manner. Other NYC Councilmembers told HuffPost they received absolutely no warning from the city that the eviction would happen.
UPDATE: 4:39 PM - 11/16/2011
Rodriguez said they will be at Foley Square today at 5pm celebrating the two-month anniversary of the Occupy Wall Street movement.
According to the Occupy Wall Street organization, at 5 pm, tens of thousands of people will gather at Foley Square, just across from City Hall, in solidarity with laborers demanding jobs to rebuild this country's infrastructure and economy. A gospel choir and a marching band will also be performing. Protestors plan to march to the bridges
UPDATE: 11/16/11 - "Ydanis Finally Free": According to Jumaane Williams, Rodriguez was released from custody almost 18 hours later, Williams tweeted. "The #NYPD tried to teach a lesson to an outspoken CM & it was #disrespectful," tweeted Williams.
New York Senator Gustavo Rivera also expressed their disdain on the arrest, tweeting, "Just heard that Council member @Ydanis Rodriguez is being released. It shouldn't have taken this long. #OWS."
New York State Senator Adriano Espaillat expressed their "full support" for Rodriguez and the Occupy Wall Street Movement in a press release sent out yesterday, "
Council Member Ydanis Rodriguez is an outstanding public servant and a strong, thoughtful leader in Northern Manhattan. I am proud to continue my full support for Council Member Rodriguez because I know they are advocating for the 99% of New Yorkers who have been left behind in this economy. Furthermore, Council Member Rodriguez and the Occupy Wall Street movement represent ideas that have certainly resonated with everyday New Yorkers, as demonstrated by last week's successful 11-mile march connecting diverse communities from Washington Heights to Wall Street.
Espaillat sent out a tweet stating, "the fight continues."
According to DNAinfo.com, Rodriguez, bearing cuts on both sides of their face, allegedly ignored the orders of two police officers and tried to walk through metal barricades to get through a blocked off area near the Lower Manhattan encampment. They were charged with resisting arrest and obstruction of governmental administration and released without bail by Manhattan Criminal Court Judge Gerald Lebovits Tuesday night.
The Washington Heights councilman, who was received with roaring applause and cheers from family and supporters when they stepped out of the first floor courtroom upon their release, said they were injured during their arrest but would not go into details, DNAinfo.com reported.
"I was assaulted by a police officer two blocks from the park. It was not a situation I was looking to happen," said Rodriguez, who was flanked by other elected officials and supporters.
According to Rodriguez's tweet, more information on the arrest will be released today at 12pm on the steps of City Hall.
1:36 PM-11/15/2011: New York Council Member Still In Custody, Denied Lawyer
David Segal, spokesperson for Rodriguez, told The Huffington Post at shortly after 1 p.m. that the council member remains in custody at 1 Police Plaza. In a release sent to HuffPost, Rodriguez's office said they and other protesters were being held "in clear violation of their right to counsel." Upon request, NYPD officers routinely allow attorneys to meet with their clients in precincts across the city, the release said. Their office insists their First Amendment rights are being silenced by New York police. Segal told HuffPost Rodriguez went down to the park to show support when they heard there was a raid occurring. Sometime around 2:30 a.m., Rodriguez was arrested. During the scuffle that ensued, Rodriguez was injured and multiple reports said they were bleeding from the head when police took them into custody. Fellow council member Jumaane D. Williams told HuffPost they got to Zuccotti Park just in time to see their colleague taken off to jail. They called the events over the past 12 hours "disgusting." They poorly planned what would happen when they cleared people out, Williams said, which is the point where Rodriguez was arrested. "I saw what looked like a cut and blood, I asked them what happened and and they motioned to the police officer," Williams said. They thought the cut probably occurred when Rodriguez was taken to the ground. Williams reported that there had been no warning given to the City Council members, and they were upset that is been done under the "cloak of night." Williams said they believed the protesters should regroup, and find another park, preferably in a commercial area. "They've done a great job of getting a message that we're tired of this economic injustice," Williams said. "People should like me and the Mayor should be trying to take that energy and trying to harness it into positive solutions." -- Tyler Kingkade
UPDATE: 11/15/11 - According to Ydanis Rodriguez's Twitter account, they are still "being held without access" to their lawyers along with other Occupy Wall Street protestors. Rodriguez's colleague, Jumaane Williams, said they would be "speaking out against the arrest" at Foley Square and asked for the support from the community.
Ydanis Rodriguez, New York City Council Member, was hit in the head and arrested during last night's police raid on Zuccotti Park.
According to The New York Times, they were with a group near the intersection of Broadway and Vesey Street that was attempting to link up with protesters at Zuccotti Park. The group tried to push through a line of officers trying to prevent people from reaching the park. Mr. Rodriquez was arrested and charged with disorderly conduct and resisting arrest.
The National Lawyers' Guild New York Chapter released a statement on judge's order stating:
Earlier, at approximately 1 AM, the NYPD began massing around Zuccotti Park “aka Liberty Park.” In the following hours reports surfaced that the NYPD entered the park with police in riot gear backed up by numerous police vehicles, including a bulldozer, evicting occupiers. In the process they destroyed property and arrested dozens of occupiers and protestors including NYC Councilmember Ydanis Rodriguez and District Leader Paul Newell.
Jumaane D. Williams, council member of the 45th district, and colleague of Rodriguez confirmed the arrest this morning via Twitter and that Rodriguez was "bleeding from the head thanks to NYPD."
Moments later, a tweet from Rodriguez's Twitter account confirmed the arrest as well:
On November 8th, Rodriguez, a supporter of the Occupy Wall Street movement, helped organized a march from Washington Heights to the financial district "because of the high unemployment that disproportionately affects their community."
During last week's march, Rodriguez said they were marching because even as a member of the City Council, they were part of the 99%.
"This fight is important for Latinos, for the African American community, but more than any group, this is important for the working class and the middle class."
