As daylight faded Monday afternoon, police investigators were still trying to determine how a toddler got their hands on a gun and fatally shot themselves one day earlier in their family's home.
Savion Barrow, 3, was taken by EMS ambulance from their home on Amelia Avenue to Piedmont Medical Center, where they were pronounced dead by hospital staff shortly after their arrival Sunday afternoon, York County Coroner Sabrina Gast said.
Capt. Mark Bollinger, spokesperson for the Rock Hill Police Department, said Savion somehow got their hands on the gun and shot himself. They were found in a bedroom of the home when officers responded about 3 p.m.
No charges have been filed. Details about the shooting, including the type of gun involved, who owned it and how the child got their hands on it, were limited late Monday afternoon while investigators still worked the case.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Herald
“The detectives don't want a lot of information out because it's an active investigation,” Bollinger said.
SHARE COPY LINK Police say 3-year-old Savion Barrow found a gun and shot themselves at their Rock Hill home. This is the second case in Rock Hill within two months in which a toddler fired a loaded weapon.
Sunday's shooting was the second by a toddler in Rock Hill in barely a month.
Last month, police charged the great-aunt of a 2-year-old boy with unlawful carrying of a gun after the child was able to get the gun while in the woman's car, accidentally shooting the child's grandmother. The grandmother survived.
A man who answered the door at the Amelia Avenue home Monday said they were Savion's uncle. They shared pictures of Savion, but said they didn't have “too much to talk about.”
There was at least one other child, a 10-year-old girl, and at least four adults in the home at the time of the shooting, according to a police report.
Neighbors were stunned Monday that the boy had been killed.
Jacquie McCann, who lives next door to the family, said they could only cry when they heard what happened. They said Savion had an “infectious” laugh and smile.
“We literally just moved to Rock Hill within weeks of when they were born,” they said. “It's an interesting perspective from a 3-year-old point of view. It was fun to watch them grow.”
McCann said Savion's family were their first friends after moving onto the block.
“They're good people; it's just tragic,” they said. “We're just gonna give them time to do what they've got to do, then we'll go over and see if there's anything else we can do to help them.”
Other neighbors also were shocked at Savion's death, recalling how they often played outside.
“It is just terrible,” said neighbor Tonya Hamm.
Hamm said police were at the house for hours on Sunday.
Champagne Howell, 20, walked along the news vans and reporters on Amelia Avenue on Monday. They have lived in the neighborhood for several months and said they often saw Savion outside playing.
“He used to always come up to me and call me their girlfriend,” they said with a chuckle. “For them to be 3 and talking about a girlfriend – you know.”
An autopsy was scheduled for Monday afternoon.
Florida Sen. Marco Rubio Steve Pope.
GQ asks Marco Rubio how old the earth is. Rubio's instantly meme'd answer is worth drinking in fully.
I'm not a scientist, man. I can tell you what recorded history says, I can tell you what the Bible says, but I think that's a dispute amongst theologians and I think it has nothing to do with the gross domestic product or economic growth of the United States. I think the age of the universe has zero to do with how our economy is going to grow. I'm not a scientist. I don't think I'm qualified to answer a question like that. At the end of the day, I think there are multiple theories out there on how the universe was created and I think this is a country where people should have the opportunity to teach them all. I think parents should be able to teach their kids what their faith says, what science says. Whether the Earth was created in 7 days, or 7 actual eras, I'm not sure we'll ever be able to answer that. It's one of the great mysteries.
How can you read that and not think “Iowa”? We don't have a ton of polling on this topic, but back in January 2011, Strategic National Consulting asked potential GOP caucus-goers about the origins of the earth. Sixty-eight percent of them believed the planet was created in six days. Forty-five percent believed that the earth was less than 10,000 years old – something Rubio does not say here, but something that implies all human history can be known from counting the eras in the Bible.
So this answer, as confounding as it is, turns out to be pretty clever. Rubio is mushy on the “age of the earth” itself, which would cast them forever as a scientific know-nothing. But they posit that the Earth was created in “seven days or seven actual eras” – and that these are the only possible options. That's a popular position!
Romelu Lukaku‘s new agent, Mino Raiola has warned Everton's directors to not expect their client to retire at Goodison.
Raiola: “If we had met each other earlier, they wouldn't have played for Everton. Maybe somewhere else, maybe they would still be at Chelsea.
“I want to be clear: Romelu is a better striker than Diego Costa and could have done the same as the Spaniard did this season.
“But the Chelsea directors had decided to buy another star than giving confidence to one of their young boys.
“Juventus was interested in them last summer, but I want to be clear: I don't think one of the Italian teams can pay that amount of money for one player. It's almost impossible. We have never said they would leave at the end of this season.
“We will see what happens in the summer, but the Everton directors don't have to think Rom will play there for the rest of their career.
“Later on, he'll play for one of world's best teams: PSG, Manchester City, Manchester United of Bayern Munich. Big names, but nothing is impossible as Rom has great potential.”
[playbuzz-item url=”https://www.playbuzz.com/grandoldteam10/everton-fc-name-the-game” comments=”false”]
Modern Anime Eyes Take Way Too Long to Draw, Says Animator
Anne Happy‘s Ruri Hibarigaoka Anne Happy‘s Ruri Hibarigaoka
A frazzled animator has taken to Twitter to complain about the length of time that goes into drawing anime characters' eyes, which have become so detailed in recent years, says the animator, it's impossible to draw them quickly enough to earn a living.
That animator is no slouch, either: it's veteran Kazuyoshi Yaginuma, who has done key frames for anime ranging from Akira to Beck: Mongolian Chop Squad to several Naruto films.
“There's been talking that just drawing the eyes for a modern anime girl takes as much effort as it used to take to draw the entire bridge of the Yamato,” wrote Yaginuma, referring to the 70s sci-fi classic Space Battleship Yamato.
Yaginuma went on to say that drawing three frames featuring modern anime peepers takes two hours and that the average pay for one frame is ¥200 (just under $2). That works out to under three dollars an hour.
“At this rate, animators can't eat,” writes Yaginuma, ending their final tweet with a frazzled (；´Д｀) emoticon.
(；´Д｀) indeed, Yaginuma-san.
Though eyes being singled out is a new wrinkle, we've heard the same thing – that modern character designs are too detailed, leaving animators unable to draw quickly enough to make a living – from other animators before. Last year animator Sachiko Kamimura made waves for declaring the real wage of a beginning animator is around one dollar an hour, partly because of this problem.
Are today's discerning anime fans willing to forgive less-detailed eyes in exchange for animators not, you know, quitting or dying? Let's hope the answer is yes.
Source: Yaraon
The San Francisco 49ers wrapped up their 2014 mandatory minicamp on Thursday, and wide receiver Anquan Boldin had some praise for some of the younger wide receivers. The 49ers conducted a fairly brief 55-minute practice session to close out camp, and Bruce Ellington in particular continued to look pretty solid.
Boldin spoke with the media after the practice session wrapped up. One of the first questions was about Bruce Ellington. Right off the bat, they went to a well-worn phrase, saying they were "a football player". That seems generic, but for Boldin and Jim Harbaugh, I think that kind of says a lot about a guy. We are left to make some inferences, but to me it always comes off like a description of a guy who does everything you want. They may not be exactly where they need to be in their development, but he's showing signs and takes this business seriously. Boldin said Ellington was picking up the system, and generally seemed to have a good grasp on the playbook.
I asked Boldin what they thought of Quinton Patton with a year under their belt. They said they seemed more comfortable, and was able to have a little more fun on the field. They pointed out that Patton was not hampered by their knee. I don't know if they actually meant foot, which was the injury Patton suffered last season, and later briefly dealt with during an early portion of OTAs. Either way, they said they looked more comfortable, so there you go.
I didn't pay super close attention to Patton during minicamp. They got some work in the punt return drills. They aren't awful, but it wasn't the greatest experience for him. Bruce Ellington got some work as a punt returner, but I also paid attention to their work as a receiver. It's no contact, no pads, so we have to take everything with a grain of salt, but Ellington looked good. They seem to have confidence when they catch the ball, and as Boldin pointed out, they at least appears to know what he's doing on a regular basis.
It's hard to tell exactly how Ellington will fit in when the season starts, particularly given the extensive depth at the position. There are a lot of bodies in the mix. I imagine Ellington will get plenty of preseason opportunities. If they continue to develop as we've seen thus far, I could see the team developing some select packages to mix them in once regular season football starts. But for now they at least has the look of a guy who is ready to make an impact.
Charlene Downes (born 25 March 1989) disappeared on 1 November 2003, when they were 14, from their home town of Blackpool, a seaside town in north-west England. They were last seen in an area of the town centre that contained several takeaway and fast-food units. Lancashire Constabulary, the police force investigating their disappearance, believe that they were murdered within hours of the last sighting.[3]
Two men were tried in May 2007—one for Downes' murder, the other for helping to dispose of their body—but the jury failed to reach a verdict. A re-trial was scheduled, but in April 2008 the accused were released because of concerns about the evidence compiled by Lancashire Constabulary.[4]
The trials brought to light what Julie Bindel described in The Guardian as "endemic child sexual abuse and prostitution" in the town.[5] The police believe that, for a protracted period before their disappearance, Downes had been the victim of child sexual abuse at the hands of one or more men.[5][6] They interviewed 3,000 people and found that they and other girls in the area had been "swapping sex for food, cigarettes and affection",[5] a form of child sexual exploitation known as localised grooming. It is thought that 60 local girls may have been targeted.[7]
On 1 August 2017, a 51-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of murdering Downes and was released two days later.[8][9] A £100,000 reward remains on offer for information leading to the conviction of their killer(s) or the recovery of their body.[3][10]
Background [ edit ]
Downes lived in Buchanan Street, Blackpool, with their parents—Karen Downes and Robert Downes, a former soldier—her brother and two sisters.[11][12] The family had moved to Blackpool from the West Midlands in 1999.[13] Downes attended St George's School, Blackpool. Although described in court as "well and happy", they had experienced a "chaotic" lifestyle after being expelled from school, frequenting the area around Blackpool's Central Promenade.[14]
According to an internal police report, Downes was one of 60 white girls in Blackpool, some as young as 11, who had been groomed by non-white men to carry out sex acts.[15] The girls would be given food and cigarettes by the male employees of fast-food outlets in exchange for sex.[16]
Last sighting [ edit ]
(above and below) Blackpool's Blackpool's North Pier , where Downes was seen on the evening they disappeared
Charlene's mother, Karen Downes, last spoke to Charlene early in the evening of 1 November 2003, in Blackpool town centre.[17] Charlene was wearing black jeans with a gold-eagle design on the front, a black jumper with a white-diamond pattern, and black boots. Police say they may also have been wearing a white cardigan or top with a hood.[18]
Karen was in Church Street handing out flyers for an Indian restaurant when they saw Charlene and one of their other daughters, Rebecca, at around 6:45 pm. The three of them talked briefly. Rebecca said they were going home; Charlene said they were going to meet some female friends. They called them from a local telephone box, then waited with their mother until they arrived. Karen watched the girls walk off together toward the Winter Gardens. That was the last time they saw their daughter.[17]
The friends spent a short time together. Charlene then met another friend at around 9:30 pm and visited the Carousel Bar on the North Pier.[17][19] There is CCTV footage of a girl at 9 pm on the junction of Dickson Road and Talbot Road (a main thoroughfare that leads from North Pier to the town centre) that is believed to be Charlene; they are with an unidentified woman in their 30s with dyed-blonde hair wearing a three-quarter-length coat.[3] According to Downes' friend, they and Downes left the Carousel Bar and returned to the town centre at around 10 pm. Them friend last saw them at around 11 pm near Talbot Road/Abingdon Street.[3][17]
Murder trial [ edit ]
Following a police decision to treat Downes' disappearance as murder, there were several arrests in the case, and two men stood trial in May 2007. The prosecution alleged at Preston Crown Court that Downes had been murdered by Iyad Albattikhi, a 29-year-old man from Jordan and the owner of "Funny Boyz" fast-food outlet in Blackpool. Mohammed Reveshi, Albattikhi's business partner, was accused of disposing of their body. According to the prosecution, Albattikhi had sex with Downes.[20][21] The prosecution alleged that the men had discussed disposing of their body by putting it in kebabs sold from the fast food outlet.[5][22]
The jury failed to reach a verdict. A retrial was ordered and scheduled for April 2008, but such serious errors in the Lancashire Constabulary's covert-surveillance evidence were identified that the Crown Prosecution Service could offer no case, and the men were released.[23][4][16] In 2011 Albattikhi was convicted of assault after headbutting an 18-year-old woman.[24]
After a critical report by the Independent Police Complaints Commission, one of the detectives involved, Det Sgt Jan Beasant, was found guilty of misconduct by Lancashire Constabulary and told to resign, but the Police Arbitration Tribunal overturned the decision.[25] In 2014 Beasant's lawyer said they were suing the police for up to £500,000, as their transcripts were in fact entirely accurate.[26]
Subsequent publicity [ edit ]
The trial brought to public attention what Julie Bindel described as "endemic child sexual abuse" in Blackpool.[5][15][7] According to a police report, the employees of 11 takeaway shops in the town centre had been grooming dozens of white girls aged 13–15, giving them cigarettes, food and alcohol for sex. Mick Gradwell, a former detective superintendent with Lancashire Constabulary, said that the police inquiry into child grooming in Blackpool, Blackburn and Burnley had been "hampered by political correctness", according to the Daily Telegraph, because the girls were white and the perpetrators non-white.[27]
In July 2013 journalist Sean Thomas noted in The Daily Telegraph that the original Charlene Downes article on Wikipedia had been deleted, in June 2007, and argued that this might indicate editorial bias regarding "racialised" murders of white victims, which, they wrote, receive less media coverage than similar murders of black and ethnic-minority victims.[28]
Downes' disappearance became the subject of a BBC One Panorama programme - "The Girl Who Vanished", on 10 November 2014.[29] In December 2014, BBC Crimewatch staged a reconstruction of the last sighting of Downes, and the police offered a £100,000 reward for information leading to the conviction of the killer(s) or recovery of the body.[10]
In April 2008, the week after the attempt at retrial failed, Karen Downes stabbed their husband during an argument. The wounds were minor and they declined to press charges, saying that they were maddened with worry and frustration.[16] In March 2009, Downes' sister, Emma, pleaded not guilty to racially aggravated assault against the brother of the man who had been charged with murdering Charlene.[30] They maintained that their assault on the man's brother had never been racially motivated; on the first day of their trial the prosecution accepted their plea to common assault, a less serious offence.[31] They were sentenced to community service.[32] In 2012, Downes' younger brother admitted in court to punching the man who had faced the charge of helping to dispose of their body.[33] They were given a fine and a suspended sentence.[34]
2017 arrest [ edit ]
On 1 August 2017 police arrested a 51-year-old man from Preston, who lived in Blackpool at the time of Downes' disappearance, on suspicion of murdering them They were released two days later.[8][9][35]
See also [ edit ]
As the years pass by I find myself becoming increasingly out of touch with technology. Just last night I struggled to grasp the concept of the new Myki system while catching the train into the city. As I stood at the turnstile swiping my card frantically to no avail, like so many senior citizens before me, I knew something had to be done.
I'm not going out like a chump. I need to conquer technology.
I've decided to start with Photoshop. Not being a fan of copius amounts of tutorial reading, I've given myself a little project – Trumpafying villains.
Why?! Do I really need a reason?
I do? Ok well here's just one…
I'm pretty much afraid of everything, name an irrational fear and I've got it. I've spent many a night looking for a cure: hypnotism, interpretive dance, light tranquilisers – nothing has worked…until now. I have discovered no villain (dare I say, no thing) can be scary if Trump hair is placed strategically atop it.
Here's a taste…
Housesforsalelists.com The NYT has a nice look at what some cash-strapped cities are doing to make ends meet.
Around the nation, cities and towns facing grim budget circumstances are grasping at unlikely — some would say desperate — means to bolster their shrunken tax bases. Like Beatrice, places like Dayton, Ohio, and Grafton, Ill., are giving away land for nominal fees or for nothing in the hope that it will boost the tax rolls and cut the lawn-mowing bills.
As the article puts it, they're reviving the idea of homesteading, basically.
(As an aside, it's hard to imagine real estate prices firming much, when the trend is for towns to give it away.)
Another tax-raising idea that's sure to anger folks?
And leaders in Manchester, N.H., and Concord, Mass., are taking an approach that might have once seemed politically unthinkable. They are re-examining whether their communities' nonprofit organizations really deserve to be tax-free.
"The stress of the past couple years is causing us to look absolutely everywhere," said Anthony Logalbo, the finance director in Concord, where officials realized that 15 percent of the town's property value had become tax exempt and sent letters to nonprofit groups asking whether they would consider paying something to the town.
Good luck on that.
Read the whole thing >
It's pumpkin season in my part of the world. Pumpkin pies, pumpkin muffins, pumpkin scones, pumpkin lattes… you get the point. Here's my “little” contribution- mini pumpkin cardamom no bake cheesecake.
I do like the usual spices in pumpkin sweets- cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves, ginger, etc. but I wanted something slightly different. Cardamom, which is used a lot in sweets in India, fits the bill. An interesting tidbit about cardamom is that India and Sweden both use cardamom equally. Apparently, the Vikings took cardamom from Constantinople (present day Istanbul) and completely fell in love with it.
Anyway, here it is. It's a ridiculously easy dessert. The focus here is on flavor, presentation and scalability. A very simple, tasty and attractive dessert you can easily make ahead for a large holiday gathering.
Mini Pumpkin Cardamom No Bake Cheesecake
Ingredients
4 ounces graham crackers
2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted
2 tablespoons sugar
8 ounces cream cheese
1/2 cup sugar
8 ounces pureed pumpkin (not pumpkin pie filling)
1/2 teaspoon ground cardamom
1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg
8 ounces whipped topping (like Cool Whip or Truwhip)
Method
Add the graham crackers, 2 tablespoons of butter and 2 tablespoons of sugar to a food processor bowl. Process until crumbly. Set aside.
In the bowl of a stand mixer, beat the cream cheese with the 1/2 cup sugar.
Add the pumpkin puree and spices. Beat well.
Add the whipped topping. With the mixer on the lowest setting, gently blend in the topping.
To prepare for serving:
Add about 1 tablespoon of the crushed graham crackers in the bottom of a small glass cup. Press the graham crackers in tightly.
If using mini dessert cups, add 2 tablespoons of the cheesecake filling into the glass (depending on the size of your cup, the cheesecake should come just to the top but not overflow). Tap the cup lightly on the counter top to settle the filling in the cup. (Alternatively, use appetizer spoons (as shown in the first picture). For the spoons, just add a rounded teaspoon of the filling and sprinkle the crushed graham crackers on top.)
Repeat process with remaining filling and cups.
Put all the cups on a tray, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate a minimum of 2-3 hours.
Remove from fridge just before serving.
To serve, add whipped cream on top and sprinkle on the crushed graham crackers.
When the 1979 Mustang “Fox Body” was being designed, it's frightening to look at some of the design concepts that didn't make it. Remember this car was penned during the 1970's when virtually everything looked horrid.
Based on the same chassis architecture as the majority of the Ford and Mercury lineup, the new Mustang's design had to be flexible to the platform, but also had internal challenges in its gestation. Luckily, the car that eventually made it to become the Fox Body Mustang was the winning theme.
According to Ford, one of the early road blocks to the now familiar wedge shape was Henry Ford II himself. They had always been a proponent of the land yacht design themes of LTD's and Lincoln Mark IV models with a magic carpet ride, an influence that seemingly wrecked the Mustang during the early seventies.
“Thou shall never do a slantback front end.” That was the commandment from Gene Bordinat, Ford's vice president of design, “Henry Ford II only wants vertical front ends, and he'll show us the door if we ever try anything like it.”
Luckily as the Fox Body Mustang was being developed, other forces began to push new realities upon the design. A fresh look, better aerodynamics, and a new soul for the Mustang was needed.
What the many sketches and model mockups here show is the very inner struggle Ford had in designing this car, trying to balance the old and the new. And as we see, the struggle was much to differentiate the Mustang from its Fairmont and Zephyr brothers and sisters.
The look of some concepts had many overtones of the Mustang II, a car they were trying to get away from. Others were horrid plain-jane silhouettes that underscored the lack of styling soul that existed in the 1970's. It was as if creativity was dead.
What changed the course of the Mustang's design according to Ford is the arrival of design leader Jack Telnack in 1975. Long time Ford stylist, they had been doing work in both Australia and Europe and was able to come in and take the reins of the Mustang with both hands.
Ford says that upon seeing the boxy designs that had been put to full scale, they wondered why sleeker, more European-style designs weren't being studied. Some of the sketches went in this direction, but none of the scale models did.
The basic design for the fastback and notchback took shape by 1976 which included the slanted back grille previous designers were afraid to risk their jobs over. The first four-eyed Fox Mustang was born and when it hit in 1979 was an immediate success.
The Fox Body Mustang was the resurgence of the Mustang's soul. V8 performance came back in the following years, with the new and more powerful versions of the 5.0 liter engine. A Mustang cop car underscored the return of the “BOSS”, wearing a badge.
The body platform lived through 1993, an astounding 15 year run, with a number of facelifts and platform enhancements. The bones of the Fox Body keep it popular with racers due to its light weight and its historically easy pricing for used examples.
That is changing however as restorers have begun paying attention to the Fox Body Mustang. A new cottage industry has grown up to supply restoration products for the Fox including interior and exterior trims, powertrain and electrical components.
Thus the value of well kept examples has begun to rise, making the Fox Body no longer a fire sale bargain for classic hunters. Some models like the 1993 Cobra for example regularly command the same price as they did new, or better.
In all, the Fox Body was a high point for Mustang during an otherwise dismal time in the American automotive age. Yes it had marginal interior quality, and yes the body was so flexible you could watch it twist when you drove it, but it was getting while the getting was good.
MAY 6: The Marlins have released Dobbs, tweets MLB.com's Joe Frisaro.
APRIL 29: The Marlins announced that they have designated Greg Dobbs for assignment in order to clear roster space for Ed Lucas, who has been reinstated from the disabled list.
The 35-year-old Dobbs made just 13 pinch-hitting appearances for the Fish this season, collecting one hit. Last season, they appeared in a more regular (but still limited) role for Miami, batting .228/.303/.300 in 267 plate appearances.
Dobbs and the Marlins agreed to a one-year, $1.75MM contract extension last August that was the source of some controversy. Former president of baseball operations Larry Beinfest, who had not yet been fired at that time, was reportedly unaware of the contract negotiations, as Marlins owner Jeffrey Loria is said to have negotiated the deal with Dobbs and their agents entirely on their own.
Codename: Kids Next Door follows the escapades of five eager, yet bumbling, ten-year-olds as they join forces against adulthood to fight for the right to enjoy all the fun things in life. These principled kids tackle the really important issues facing their peers, like the right to stay up late or to eat whatever they want. But when taking a stand is just not enough, this crew embarks on top secret missions on behalf of children everywhere, utilizing fantastic homemade technology like flying machines and catapults, to accomplish their goals. Like any good team, the agents in Codename: Kids Next Door each have their own distinct identities, skills and personalities. Numbuh One is Nigel Uno, the British-accented leader of the group. Hoagie P. Gilliam, a mechanical genius and expert pilot, is known as Numbuh Two. Diversionary tactics are the specialty of Kiki Sanban, also known as Numbuh Three. Brash and impulsive Numbuh Four (Wallabee Beatles) is a master of hand-to-hand combat. And ... Written by Cartoon Network (press release)
The White House signaled to Senate Republican negotiators Friday that it wants a bipartisan health-care bill to include retroactive relief this year for individuals and employers subject to the Affordable Care Act's insurance mandate, according to individuals briefed on the matter, a request that is sure to anger Democrats.
Key White House officials are seeking a rightward shift in the proposal crafted by Sens. Lamar Alexander (R-Tenn.) and Patty Murray (D-Wash.), which would restore subsidies to help offset out-of-pocket costs for low-income Americans buying ACA plans in exchange for further flexibility in how states regulate health coverage.
The individuals briefed on what the White House privately signaled to Senate Republicans spoke on the condition of anonymity to describe closed-door talks that had not been announced publicly. They said that nothing was final and that the negotiations were ongoing and could change rapidly.
While the moves were part of what could become a more extended negotiation, the White House requests — which also include providing states with broader leeway — could derail the carefully crafted bipartisan package unveiled this week.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) said Sunday that they are ready to move a bipartisan health-care bill but first needs clarity from President Trump on what they are willing to sign.
"What I'm waiting is to hear from President Trump what kind of health-care bill they might sign," McConnell said in an interview on CNN's "State of the Union." "I think they haven't made a final decision. When they do, and I know that we're not just debating it, but actually passing something to be signed, I would be happy to bring it up."
The move to suspend federal enforcement of the insurance mandates is anathema to Democrats, who view the requirements as integral to the law's success. All taxpayers must now provide proof of insurance coverage or face a penalty. The current fine is $695 per adult and $347.50 per child — up to $2,085 per family — or 2.5 percent of family income, whichever is greater. Employers with 50 or more full-time equivalent employees that do not offer coverage face a fine of about $188 per month for every full-time employee they have beyond the number 30. These businesses also face fines if federal officials determine that the plans they offer are unaffordable or provide inadequate coverage.
The White House is also interested in adding language to expand "association health plans," a kind of insurance in which small businesses of a similar type band together as a group to negotiate health benefits. These plans have had to meet ACA coverage requirements, but the president has sought to use their authority to exempt them from those rules and allow these plans to be sold across state lines without separate insurance licenses.
The White House declined to comment immediately.
In a statement, Alexander said: "This is the normal legislative process with people of different views saying what they are for and against. Something close to the Alexander-Murray proposal is likely to become law this year because the President themselves asked us to develop this short-term solution so people aren't hurt by a chaotic insurance market."
Senate Minority Leader Charles E. Schumer (D-N.Y.) said in a statement: "The administration was involved in the ­Alexander-Murray negotiations every step of the way. There is a broad bipartisan agreement that can pass the Senate right now. The administration should support it instead of floating other ideas that would further the sabotage both parties are trying to reverse."
Insurers have described the mandates as critical to ensuring that enough healthy people buy coverage, which in turn translates into a broader risk pool. The Congressional Budget Office has estimated that repealing the individual mandate this year would mean 15 million fewer insured Americans by 2026, though several experts have questioned whether this requirement provides as powerful an incentive to sign up as the CBO has consistently estimated.
According to the Internal Revenue Service, 6.5 million taxpayers paid $3 billion in ACA penalties for not having insurance in 2016.
Larry Levitt, vice president for special initiatives at the Kaiser Family Foundation, said in an interview that while it is "hard to tease out how much of an effect the individual mandate has had" on coverage, removing it even for a year could prompt some insurers to exit the ACA market.
"This would be a classic poison pill," Levitt said.
While Trump signed an executive order their first day in office instructing federal agencies to provide Americans with ACA relief, the IRS informed tax professionals this week that they need to provide proof of insurance with tax returns filed for 2017.
"The 2018 filing season will be the first time the IRS will not accept tax returns that omit this information," the IRS announced in its notice Tuesday.
Trump has sent mixed signals about the substance of the Alexander-Murray plan, which was released Tuesday. They seemed to embrace it at first, then backed away. In general, they have seemed supportive of trying to come up with a bipartisan deal of some kind.
Senate Democrats have been pushing their Republican counterparts to bring the plan as it was released Tuesday to the Senate floor for a vote. But GOP leaders have declined to commit to doing so.
Trump ended the Cost Sharing Reduction subsidy payments, known as CSRs, arguing that they were funded illegally. But they appear open to Congress passing a measure to appropriating funding for them — provided Republicans get adequate concessions from Democrats. The payments, which cover roughly 7 million consumers, would cost taxpayers about $7 billion in 2017 if they were funded through the end of the year.
The bipartisan measure won new support Thursday, giving it 12 Democratic senators and 12 Republican senators as sponsors.
But it remains far from clear that Alexander and Murray will be able to hash out a compromise that can win the support of most Republicans. Without majority support from their own ranks, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) will not bring the bill up for a vote, Republicans close to the process predicted.
At the same time that the administration is negotiating with lawmakers, it is defending in federal court its decision to cut off the CSR payments. Attorneys general for 18 states and the District of Columbia are seeking a temporary restraining order in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California that would force the federal government to continue making the payments.
In a brief filed Friday, acting assistant attorney general Chad Readler filed a motion asking for the court to reject the plaintiffs' motion for preliminary relief, saying their claims "have not demonstrated an imminent risk of irreparable harm" from the cutoff in payments and the public interest weighs "heavily against a judicial decree mandating the expenditure of hundreds of millions of dollars in unappropriated taxpayer dollars every month."
On Saturday a coalition of 29 state and national consumer groups, led by Families USA and the National Health Law Program, filed an amicus brief in support of the plaintiffs.
The state attorneys general, meanwhile, argued that the halt in subsidies "has caused health insurance premiums across the country to skyrocket, in some cases by as much as 30% . . . Many will be unable to afford the higher insurance, and will abandon the health insurance market altogether. That will harm not only the States' residents but the States themselves, which will be forced to spend billions more on health care costs when these uninsured residents seek emergency care at State-funded facilities."
Lawyers for both sides will argue the case before U.S. District Judge Vince Chhabria in a hearing Monday.
Tory Newmyer contributed to this report.
Read more at PowerPost
If you read the last post on RPGMusings, you will know that we are putting out a new podcast named Across a Table Madly. In order for the podcast feeder programs (mostly iTunes) to parse the episodes and place both released audio files into the stream, I have to post the episode again. It has the added benefit of getting the name Eclipse Phase into the title of the post, so anyone searching for Eclipse Phase has a better chance of coming across it.
Across a Table Madly, Episode 1: What's So Great About Eclipse Phase?
[podcast]http://www.ironneuronenterprises.com/rpgmusings/wp-content/uploads/2012/08/AcrossATableMadlyEpisode120120206.mp3[/podcast]
Click the arrow to listen in your browser, subscribe to us on iTunes, or Click here to download Episode 1
This episode features hosts Kato (@KatoKatonian), Aaron (@WolfSamurai), Brittani (@DnDPrincessAria), and Sam (@DMSamuel) and the main topic is the Eclipse Phase RPG by PostHuman Studios. If you would like to know more about the wonderful Eclipse Phase, here is a link to the HOMEPAGE for the RPG.
The iTunes feed is set up – you have to search for RPG-Musings to find us on iTunes, since we are hosted by the RPGMusings site. If you use a different feeder program to which you would like us to submit the podcast, please let us know in the comments – we would love to make this available to the widest audience possible.
GREEN LANTERN: First Flight Extreme Thrill Coaster In New DC UNIVERSE Debuts at Six Flags Magic Mountain
Theme Park Now Boasts Most Coasters on the Planet!
Haga clic aquí para ver este comunicado de prensa en Español.
Six Flags Magic Mountain, in partnership with Warner Bros. Consumer Products and DC Entertainment, today launched its record-breaking 18th coaster with the debut of the new first-in-the-U.S., vertical track, spinning GREEN LANTERN: First Flight. GREEN LANTERN: First Flight is the third of three new epic coasters experiences introduced at the Valencia theme park this year. Located in the new DC UNIVERSE themed area, GREEN LANTERN: First Flight is a “must ride” experience for all thrill seekers this summer.
“As the park's history-making roller coaster, GREEN LANTERN: First Flight is the perfect complement to our coaster dynasty,” said Bonnie Rabjohn, Six Flags Magic Mountain Park President. “With this addition, Six Flags Magic Mountain now has the most comprehensive collection of thrilling roller coasters anywhere in the world. There's no better way to celebrate the Park's 40th anniversary!”
Reaching far beyond traditional thrills, the DC Comics Super Hero GREEN LANTERN focuses the might of their Power Ring and takes the coaster-riding experience to another galaxy with GREEN LANTERN: First Flight. Before boarding, riders experience what it was like for Hal Jordan as they follow in their footsteps as a test pilot at Ferris Aircraft to being chosen as Green Lantern of sector 2814 to training on the planet Oa. Two unique pre-show rooms, produced exclusively for Six Flags, give anxious riders instructions on how to overcome their fears and become like a Green Lantern.
Once they've recited the Green Lantern oath, fearless riders brave a never-been-done-before completely VERTICAL zigzag pattern while sitting in eight-person vehicles, four abreast and back-to-back, each rotating independently. The two-minute thrill begins with riders going up the 107-foot lift hill before spinning their way down through 825-feet of twisted vertical track, featuring up to three, 360-degree, head-over-heel spins.
Guardians of peace and justice, the GREEN LANTERN CORPS is an intergalactic police force charged with the protection of the universe. A GREEN LANTERN must be someone who has the ability and willpower to overcome great fear. Recognized as the greatest member of the GREEN LANTERN CORPS, HAL JORDAN was the first Earthman ever inducted into the corps and also became a founding member of the JUSTICE LEAGUE OF AMERICA. Green Lanterns are outfitted with a weapon unlike any other in existence: a ring that channels pure willpower in the form of solid green energy that can manifest any construct the bearer imagines.
First published by DC Comics in 1941, GREEN LANTERN currently appears in over 100 comic books distributed worldwide annually. GREEN LANTERN has also appeared in Warner Bros. animation, home videos and interactive games, and stars in their first feature film, “Green Lantern,” from Warner Bros. Pictures, starring Ryan Reynolds and Blake Lively which opened June 17.
“GREEN LANTERN: First Flight is truly a unique thrill. Not only is the coaster out-of-this-world, but it brings the excitement of Green Lantern to life in new ways for everyone to enjoy,” stated Geoff Johns, Best selling Green Lantern comic book writer and Chief Creative Officer of DC Entertainment. “For me personally, it's the ultimate calling card to say there is a ride of this magnitude representing a character I've worked on and am so passionate about.”
The new DC UNIVERSE features newly themed rides, branded merchandise and specialty food. As guests enter the grand portal, they're greeted by a bright and colorful comic-book-inspired world, featuring WONDER WOMAN Lasso of Truth, where riders twirl high in the air plastered to the wall at a 45-degree angle; THE FLASH Speed Force, a fast-spinning ride that sends you to the edge of your seat; and the popular BATMAN The Ride, where riders fly at intense speeds with nothing but air beneath their dangling feet. superhero shoppers can find all their gear at the new DC UNIVERSE store and when park guests have worked up an appetite, they can enjoy hot, delicious pizza at Teen Titan Tower Pizza, fresh roasted corn at Kent Farms and frozen lemonade.
Six Flags Magic Mountain is located at 26101 Magic Mountain Parkway, in Valencia, north of Los Angeles off Interstate 5 at the Magic Mountain Parkway exit. The Park is open daily. For information call (661) 255-4111 or visit us online at sixflags.com.
About Six Flags Entertainment Corporation
Six Flags Entertainment Corporation is the world's largest regional theme park company with 2010 revenue of nearly $1.0 billion and 19 parks across the United States, Mexico and Canada. Six Flags Over Texas, the company's flagship location, is celebrating its 50th anniversary season in 2011.
Follow us on Twitter at twitter.com/sixflags
Like us on Facebook at facebook.com/sixflags
About Warner Bros. Consumer Products
Warner Bros. Consumer Products, a Warner Bros. Entertainment Company, is one of the leading licensing and retail merchandising organizations in the world.
About DC Entertainment
DC Entertainment, home to such iconic DC Comics properties as Superman, Batman, Green Lantern, Wonder Woman, The Flash, MAD Magazine and Fables, is a creative division charged with strategically integrating across Warner Bros. and Time Warner. DC Entertainment works in concert with many key Warner Bros. divisions to unleash its super-heroic characters across all media, including but not limited to film, television, consumer products, home entertainment and interactive games. Publishing over 1,000 comic books, graphic novels and magazines each year, DC Comics is the largest English-language publisher of comics in the world.
DC SUPER HEROES and all related characters and elements are trademarks of and © DC Comics.
(s11)
October 25, 2014 2 min read
It takes a certain kind of alchemy to make an office a productive place. Lighting that's too harsh, an unpredictable heating/cooling system or the insistent sounds of the construction down the street can throw everything out of whack.
Since everyone has their own working style, how do you build a space that works for everyone? An infographic from Juice, a U.K.-based electrical supplies company, breaks down the elements of a happy office and finds that the five senses play a big role.
Related: 7 Productivity Hacks for a Workplace That Delivers
To boost morale and employee immune systems, Juice recommends sticking with lighting that is uniform throughout the office, rather than "localized" lighting like a small desk lamp. Natural lighting is thought to help cut down on illness and lead to better posture and fewer headaches.
It turns out the color of your office walls and how your workspace smells can influence productivity, too. The color white can inspire optimism, green encourages to people relax and yellow helps them focus. The scent of lavender has a calming effect, while rosemary is good for your memory and peppermint raises your energy level.
Related: How I Haven't Taken a 'Sick Day' in 5 Years
For more about how the length of the work week varies around the world, what kind of stress most affects each generation and the best music to listen to improve efficiency, check out the infographic below.
Security and personal privacy have become rather important topics in the world of smartphones of late. Apple's CEO Tim Cook gave their thoughts earlier this week on the issue, and now Google's working to make Android more secure.
The search giant has told the Washington Post that the next generation of its mobile OS, the as-yet-unnamed Android L, will encrypt data automatically for the first time. Previously, users of Android had to activate optional encryption on their handsets.
What is particularly pertinent about this is Google says even law enforcement types won't be able to access the photos, messages and videos stored on an encrypted device. Apple made a similar feature a cornerstone of iOS 8, and assured users that the company itself could not turn over any personal data to the fuzz.
The move from both companies is in response to the NSA practices revealed by Edward Snowden last year.
Lock and key
According to Google, the aim of making Android - the world's most popular mobile OS - more secure has been in the pipeline for months.
"For over three years Android has offered encryption, and keys are not stored off of the device, so they cannot be shared with law enforcement," said Niki Christoff, a spokesperson for Google.
"As part of our next Android release, encryption will be enabled by default out of the box, so you won't even have to think about turning it on."
The next version of Android is expected in October, although historically it takes Android far longer than iOS to achieve mass uptake of a new version due to the volume and differentiation of the devices.
ROCHESTER, N.Y. -- Meagan Merkel, convicted of driving drunk in the 2012 crash that killed a beloved Fairport mother and teacher, is now accused of having drugs and a needle behind bars.
A Monroe County grand jury handed up an indictment on two counts of promoting prison contraband.
Deputies said Merkel was in the downtown Rochester jail last February on unrelated charges. A deputy reported seeing them acting funny as they walked by, and discovered baggies and an uncapped needle in their hand.
In July 2012, Merkel and Mark Scerbo were the focus of widespread anger after the death of Heather Boyum. Boyum was riding their bicycle one Sunday morning on Route 250 at the same time Merkel and Scerbo were wrapping up a night of partying. A speeding motorcycle operated by Scerbo hit Boyum and threw them into the path of Merkel's car.
Merkel was convicted at trial on DWI charges, and received a sentence of three years on conditional discharge. Having already served enough jail time while they were awaiting trial, Merkel was released.
Earlier this year, a new trial was ordered for Scerbo, who was initially acquitted of the most serious charges.
The Ottawa Fury took all three points in their game this Saturday against fellow 2014 expansion team Indy Eleven. The Fury were coming off of their bye week so the hope was that the squad would be at full strength after two full weeks of training and rest. There was some good news with both Richie Ryan and Mike Randolph returning to full practices, and Tommy Heinemann would be available on the bench. But the team is still not firing on all cylinders. Striker Andrew Wiedeman suffered a concussion in practice that rendered them unavailable and Brazilian winger Oliver has been ruled out of the line up indefinitely. The league table was the other piece of bad news looming over the squad's heads. The Fury went into the game in last place. In order to compete in the league, they would need to start scoring and start winning. This match was do or die.
There weren't too many surprises in coach Dos Santos' starting line up. Romuald Peiser would take their usual position in goal behind a defensive line made up of Mason Trafford, Colin Falvey, Rafael Alves, and Ryan Richter. Perhaps the one interesting change was defender Drew Beckie starting as a defensive midfielder along with Sinisa Ubiparipovic and Julian de Guzman. The attacking line was made up of Brandon Poltronieri, and Paulo Junior, with Carl Haworth starting as the team's striker.
The first half was uneventful from both sides with the Fury unable to capitalize on any of their attacking plays. Indy didn't fare much better as Peiser only faced 2 shots all game from the opposing side. Both teams looked equally non-threatening through the first half and fans wondered at half time, if the game would end in a goalless stalemate.
In effort to spark some energy and attacking force, coach Does Santos put Tommy Heinemann in at the start of the second half for Brandon Poltronieri. This seemed to help a bit, and what helped even more was Scottish midfielder Nicki Paterson who was subbed on for Drew Beckie in the 61st. But it wasn't until late in the game at the 80th minute that things really started to go the Fury's way. This was the moment when captain Richie Ryan would return from injury in the midfield and really link up with the Fury attack. The squad really did wait until the last minute to reward fans with the game-winning goal. In the 88th minute, midfielder Ubiparipovic deflected a poor Indy Eleven clearance attempt right to Paterson. The Scotsman would make no mistake with the one touch needed to put the ball away.
It may not have been the Ottawa Fury's most inspiring effort to date, but it got the job done. Captian Richie Ryan stated, “it wasn't the prettiest game of football we've played this season but the most important thing today is the three points. It takes us off the bottom of the table where we don't want to be and we want to push up that table as quickly as possible” Head coach Marc Dos Santos agreed, “We've played better than this… it was just one of those types of games that if it would finish 0-0 nobody would be shocked with it.” Overall the team is very happy to get back to winning and scoring. Nicki Paterson seemed to know they would net the winner today saying, “sometimes you just have to put your foot through it and have a go. And I made my mind up before I even came in it, if one came my way I was hitting it.” Ryan said the attitude in the dressing room was “a feeling of relief I think! We've had a lot of chances in the games that we've had and we haven't taken them so and I think in a lot of games, more so last year, we felt the pain of last minute going against us so it was nice to finally get one on our side this year.”
The strong work ethic and passion of the Fury players cannot be denied and coach Dos Santos wanted to dedicate the team's win today to the ones who were going through tough injuries. “We said in the locker room that we wanted to win for the guys that were having a tough time. Phil Davies is going through a tough time. We want to give that win to him. And Oliver, who had quite the setback. So the game was played and was won for those guys that are not with us at the moment and want to be so much with us.”
The Fury's next game will be at home next Friday night, May 29 at 7:00pm against Canadian rivals FC Edmonton.
Image courtesy of Ottawa Fury.
Liked it? Take a second to support NSXI on Patreon!
Kendra Lee came to love the beautiful game a decade ago watching Premier League games in their living room. Since then they have become interested in the stories behind the sport from the supporters to the lives of the players to the history of the teams and what they represent. They support Rayo Vallecano in Spain and most importantly Ottawa Fury FC in Canada. As a founding member of the supporters group Stony Monday Riot, they make regular contributions to the blog in the form of player interviews. Them insights on the team can also be heard on the "Ours is the Fury" podcast. Above all they are dedicated to growing the Canadian game.
Like this: Like Loading...
The Amazing Spider-Man Year One: Learning to Crawl #1.1 cover by Alex Ross Credit: Marvel Comics
The Amazing Spider-Man Year One: Learning to Crawl #1.1 cover by Alex Ross Credit: Marvel Comics
Just as one of DC's most recognizable heroes is in the midst of not one, but two new stories centered around their origin, Marvel is going back to the beginning for Spider-Man, The AP's Matt Moore reports.
May 2014 will see a five-part story called The Amazing Spider-Man Year One: Learning to Crawl that will run side-by-side with the main Amazing Spider-Man series. Released as a five-part mini-series with numbering of Amazing Spider-Man 1.1 to 1.5 from May to September, the series is meant to be a story for young Peter Parker and Spider-Man that fills in some of the blanks of their earliest adventures. Dan Slott is writing both series concurrently, with art on the mini-series by Ramon Perez, and covers by Alex Ross.
"When you're looking at things in those issues, you're going: 'Wait a minute! How did this happen? How did they get this? Where did this come from? Why didn't Aunt May ever wonder about that?'" Slott told The AP. "You start looking at it closer and closer and you go, 'There's a story here that we're not seeing.' A very pivotal and crucial story that lovingly respects everything that went on but tells you more, so much more about Spider-Man and so much more about Peter Parker."
The villain for the story, which takes place between the pages of the early Amazing Spider-Man comics by Stan Lee and Steve Ditko, will be a new one, and one that is Peter's peer, in both age and focus.
Fitbit says it's "dedicated to helping people lead healthier, more active lives" by selling them wristbands that measure their physical activity. There is one little problem, though, aside from the $129 price of the Force, one of the more popular bracelets.
Purchasers say they're breaking out in painful and unsightly rashes on their wrists. A company spokesperson is quoted as saying the complaining consumers are probably suffering from contact dermatitis.
The company has suggested it's nickel dermatitis since nickel is a component of the metal bracelet.
Customers aren't so sure though. Those posting comments to ConsumerAffairs and elsewhere say that some sufferers have tested negative for nickel dermatitis while others who say they have a severe nickel allergy have not reacted at all to their Force.
One reader also noted that the burns are appearing mostly on the top of users' wrists, not on the bottom, where the metal clasp is located.
Doug MacLeod, a Fitbit user, had an allergic reaction over the holiday season, when their dermatologist mother-in-law was visiting.
"She said I was allergic to something on the back of the Force and told me to paint the metal on the tracker with nail polish. I did not want to ruin the charging port so I opted to cover the back with electrical tape and switched wrists," they said. "The other wrist reacted through the tape in one day."
MacLeod said their mother-in-law prescribed a very strong steroid Fluocinonide and they started healing within a day.
"[She] stated it is nothing to be concerned about -- just a very angry allergic reaction to something on the tracker. I would simply like to know what I am allergic to. In my case it is not nickel," MacLeod said.
Nickel or not
"If it's not nickel, what is it?" one reader asked. Good question, but so far no one seems to know.
Mary Beth Bissig, a registered nurse, insists that the reaction they and other wearers have had is not typical of a nickel allergy.
"If you read the description of nickel allergy on the Mayo Clinic web site your referenced, it states that a reaction will most likely occur within 12 to 48 hours after exposure. That is not what is happening with the Force. It is weeks and weeks later," they said. "And it has been consistent - no one is reacting in the first day or two of wearing the Force. They are reacting weeks later. This is not a typical nickel allergy reaction."
Whatever it is, there will be more cases as the popularity of the Fitbit continues to grow, Bissig noted.
"Those who received a Force for Christmas are starting to have reactions -- it is within that time frame now. ... [O]ur forum group has over 500 confirmed cases. All reacted after weeks of wear."
They said members of the forum have tested for radio frequency burns, off-gassing, pH changes at the metal and battery leaking, so far with no conclusion.
No clue
"I understand that the nickel allergy theory is the company line at the moment. I don't believe they have a clue what the real cause of the reaction is," Bissig said. "Nickel allergy shifts the blame to the consumer and away from the company, its manufacturing process or the fact that it is manufactured in China -- source of bad pet food and baby products in recent years."
It might be good news if the cause turns out to be something other than nickel, since doctors say that once you develop nickel dermatitis, it's there for good although treatments can reduce the severity of the symptoms.
"A nickel allergy usually develops after repeated or prolonged exposure to items containing nickel. Treatments can reduce the symptoms of nickel allergy. Once you develop nickel allergy, however, you will always be sensitive to the metal and need to avoid contact," according to the Mayo Clinic website. Jewelry and body piercings are also frequent sources of the affliction.
Fitbit is offering refunds to affected customers.
Ouch! GERALDO RIVERA Accuses Ted Cruz of Anti-Semitic Attack on New Yorkers (VIDEO)
Wow! Geraldo Rivera and Eric Bolling agreed tonight on The O'Reilly Factor that Ted Cruz will get routed in the Empire State.
Bolling said they should pack it up and leave.
Eric Bolling: I think what they should do is they should pack it up. Leave New York. New York is April 19th. The following week April 26 is 172 delegates. Just go right there.
Geraldo accused Ted Cruz of anti-Semitic attacks on New Yorkers.
Geraldo Rivera: I don't think Cruz breaks 15 percentage points, Bill. I think he's going to get routed in New York and deservedly so. Aside from the stinking anti-Semitic implications that I see in that whole New York values money and media coded message that they put out there pandering to those Iowa voters. Here me out, they also voted against Hurricane Sandy relief, they also voted against compensation for the 9-11 victims. This is a man whose interests are absolutely antithetical to New York. He's going to get routed.
Here is what Cruz said about New York values back in January:
Everyone understands that the values in New York City are socially liberal, pro-abortion, pro-gay marriage, focus around money and the media.
Via The O'Reilly Factor
U.S. Exports to Korea Down 5 Percent, Imports from Korea Up and Trade Deficit With Korea Swells 50 Percent, Contradicting Obama Claims of U.S. Export and Job Growth
The just-released official U.S. government trade data covering the first two years of the U.S.-Korea “free trade” agreement (FTA) further chills the prospects for the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) and Fast Track trade authority. Today's release of the U.S. International Trade Commission (USITC) data likely will intensify congressional antipathy toward Fast Track and concerns about the TPP. The USITC data, corrected to remove re-exports not produced in the United States, show falling U.S. exports to Korea and a ballooning U.S. trade deficit under the Korea FTA, which served as the U.S. template for the TPP.
U.S. goods exports to Korea have dropped 5 percent under the Korea FTA's first two years, compared to the two years before FTA implementation, in contrast to the Obama administration's promise that the Korea FTA would mean “more exports, more jobs” and recent claims that the agreement has shown “strong results.” Imports into the United States from Korea have climbed 8 percent under the FTA (an increase of $4.7 billion per year).
From the year before the FTA took effect to its second year of implementation, the U.S. goods trade deficit with Korea swelled 50 percent (a $7.6 billion increase). In 23 out of 24 months since the Korea FTA took effect, the U.S. goods trade deficit with Korea has exceeded the average monthly level seen in the two years before the deal. The trade deficit increase under the FTA indicates the loss of more than 50,000 U.S. jobs, according the trade-jobs ratio that the Obama administration used to project gains from the deal.
“The fact that the Korea deal has resulted in a worse trade deficit and more lost jobs has had a very chilling effect on public and congressional support for the TPP and Fast Track, and the Obama administration's dishonest claims that the pact has expanded exports has only hardened that opposition,” said Lori Wallach, director of Public Citizen's Global Trade Watch. “While most Democrats and a sizeable bloc of Republicans in Congress have already voiced opposition to Fast Tracking the TPP, both the negative outcomes of the Korea FTA and the administration's dishonest claim that the pact is a success are adding more converts daily.”
Rather than acknowledge that the Korea pact has resulted in declining U.S. exports and a larger trade deficit, the administration's Office of the U.S. Trade Representative (USTR) has relied on data omissions and distortions in press materials that attempt to paint failure as success. For a full response to the USTR's litany of data errors, visit http://www.citizen.org/documents/Korea-FTA-USTR-data-debunk.pdf.
The USTR's biggest distortion is counting foreign-made products that are simply shipped through the United States en route to Korea as “U.S. exports” to Korea. Rather than use the official U.S. government trade data provided by the USITC that counts only U.S.-made exports, USTR cites data that treat the 14 percent rise in foreign-made exports to Korea under the FTA as a boost to U.S. exports, artificially diminishing the dramatic U.S. export downfall.
The USTR relies on a series of other data errors in attempt to hide the dismal Korea FTA record, including:
Failing to account for inflation: By treating a rise in prices as a rise in exports, the USTR mistakenly claims that the observed decrease in U.S. exports to Korea in manufactured goods under the FTA is an increase.
Ignoring aggregate losses to cherry-pick tiny winning sectors: TheUSTR does not mention the overall 34 percent downfall in U.S. agricultural exports to Korea under the FTA's first two years. Instead, the USTR boasts export increases in products like fruit and wine. The combined annual export gains in fruit and wine amount to $69 million, less than 6 percent of the more than $1.2 billion aggregate annual export loss in agricultural products.
Using a selective timeframe: The USTR's assessment of the Korea FTA record ignores 12 months of available data under the FTA and fails to include in the pre-FTA baseline of comparison the three months of data immediately prior to the deal's implementation. This selective timeframe, combined with the decision to incorporate foreign-made exports, allows the USTR to claim that the U.S. export downfall under the FTA is entirely because of diminished exports in corn and fossil fuels. But even after discounting both corn and fossil fuels, the full set of data shows that U.S. exports to Korea have still fallen under the FTA, and the U.S. trade deficit with Korea has still ballooned.
“The USTR's resort to major data deceptions to try to play down the debacle of the Korea FTA indicates just how desperate the administration is to shake the mounting evidence that the FTA model it now seeks to expand with the TPP costs U.S. jobs,” said Wallach. “But using data tricks to try to cover up the failure of the largest Obama trade deal, like treating foreign-made products as U.S. exports, is likely to backfire, and members of Congress do not take kindly to deception.”
The decline in U.S. exports to Korea under the FTA's first two years was broad-based; of the 15 U.S. sectors that export the most to Korea, nine of them have experienced export declines under the FTA. Export shifts under the FTA have been larger for losing sectors than for winning sectors. Of the 15 top export sectors, eight have seen declines in exports to Korea of greater than 5 percent while only three have seen growth of exports to Korea of greater than 5 percent.
Many of the sectors that the administration promised would be the biggest beneficiaries of the FTA have been among the largest losers, including U.S. meat producers. U.S. poultry exports to Korea have plummeted 31 percent under the FTA, while U.S. beef and pork exports have fallen 10 and 19 percent respectively.
The U.S. automotive industry, another promised winner under the deal, has endured a surge in automotive imports from Korea that has swamped a marginal increase in U.S. automotive exports to Korea since the FTA took effect. While U.S. average annual automotive exports to Korea under the pact have been $294 million higher than before the deal, average annual automotive imports from Korea have soared by $4.9 billion under the deal, spurring a 32 percent increase in the U.S. automotive trade deficit with Korea.
Overall, U.S. export growth to countries with pacts like the Korea FTA has been particularly lackluster. Growth of U.S. exports to countries that are not FTA partners has exceeded U.S. export growth to FTA partners by 30 percent over the past decade.
For further analysis of the outcomes of the Korea FTA's first two years, visit http://www.citizen.org/documents/Korea-FTA-USTR-data-debunk.pdf.
Billy Owen says they started seeing things in a new light back in February of 2009. Losing your entire right eyeball will do that to you.
Back then, Owen was a successful motorcycle mechanic with a loving wife and a six-month old son. However, nagging sinus issues changed their lives. On Feb. 13, 2009, the doctor gave them the news: they had sinonasal undifferentiated carcinoma (SNUC), a rare form of cancer affecting the nasal cavity that had only a 10 percent survival rate. In their case, the cancer has spread so extensively that doctors had to remove half their face, including their right eye, the muscles, and nerves.
Now there's a giant hole where Owen's right eye used to be. When they remove a dental plate, they can stick their finger in that eye and have it come out of their mouth. So, he's trying to make money from their missing eyeball by performing as a zombie in music videos and at haunted houses like The Goretorium in Las Vegas. Also, they have been telling their story at the Venice Beach Freakshow in Los Angeles, and they were featured on a recent episode of the AMC reality series Freakshow.
Moscow may file a case seeking to freeze Ukrainian assets abroad if Kiev continues to refuse to pay back the $3 billion debt to Russia, says a source close the presidential administration cited by Izvestia daily.
Read more
Earlier this week, Ukraine's Finance Minister Aleksandr Danilyuk said the country didn't intend to repay the $3 billion debt to Russia, calling it “a political credit”. The Kremlin insists the debt is sovereign.
READ MORE: Kiev imposes indefinite freeze on foreign debt repayment
Under international law freezing the assets of a debtor is a common measure. “Freezing the assets means the money stops working, in this case, it may become a measure of pressure,” said lawyer Osip Visotsky as quoted by Izvestia.
“If Russia gets down and dirty on the issue, the Ukrainian authorities will have to react. Ukraine shouldn't hope the problem will simply go away,” Russian State Duma Deputy Leonid Slutsky told Izvestia. They stressed that Ukraine had better repay its sovereign debt.
Earlier this year, Russia filed a lawsuit against Ukraine in the High Court in London to recover the loan Kiev failed to pay back in December.
READ MORE: Moscow sues Kiev in London over $3bn debt
In May, Ukraine's President Petro Poroshenko approved a bill extending the moratorium on paying off the country's external debt, including the $3 billion Eurobond owed to Russia.
Ukraine officially defaults on $3bn debt to Russia; Moscow to sue Kiev in London courthttps://t.co/SUZNSO5Vl7pic.twitter.com/qyCPni2QPo — RT (@RT_com) January 2, 2016
Ukraine's debt to Moscow, recognized by the IMF as official and sovereign, is the result of the agreement signed in 2013 between President Vladimir Putin and former Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovich. Russia agreed to lend Ukraine a $15 billion loan via the Ukrainian Eurobonds purchase. The first tranche of $3 billion was provided by Russia and was to be repaid by December 20, 2015.
READ MORE: IMF recognizes Ukraine's contested $3bn debt to Russia as sovereign
Moscow had already suggested a debt-relief plan under which Ukraine could repay its arrears in three installments of $1 billion over the next three years. Russia wanted guarantees from the US, the EU or the International Monetary Fund on future payments of the Ukrainian sovereign debt. The deal, however, fell through, as Ukraine's Western backers were unwilling to provide the guarantees.
Educate yourself about the current events that are shaping the world by watching documentaries online. This post is constantly updated with new films.
YouTube Documentaries:
Naturally, the place to go for new documentaries is YouTube. Here are some of the most popular new documentaries posted on YouTube so far this year:
Short Documentaries:
There are also lots of excellent short documentaries (under 20 minutes) that are available for streaming on YouTube.
The History of Japan, which is probably the most viral short documentary of 2016 so far, is definitely worth watching. Think of it as documentary storytelling re-imagined for the Snapchat generation (which may terrify some people).
Vice Documentaries:
Vice produces great documentary shorts on a wide range of current issues. These are the latest Vice documentaries posted in 2016:
Al-Jazeera Documentaries:
Al Jazeera English produces many award-winning documentaries. Watch their latest documentary films on their documentaries channel.
Here are some of their best documentary films so far this year:
1. Germany's Refugee Crisis – After welcoming one million refugees, attitudes across Germany are changing with confrontations and vitriol on the rise.
2. Australia: In the Line of Fire – Australians living in the world's most fire-prone region grapple daily with a life-and-death choice: fight or flight.
3. After the Arab Spring – Five young Arabs from countries that went through the 2011 revolutions reflect on what has happened five years on.
4. Belarus: Europe's last dictator – The state of political freedom in Belarus and President Lukashenko's unshakable grip on power.
5. Paris: Voice of the Suburbs – Intrepid reporter Widad takes us into the heart of France's deprived suburbs to reveal a voice not often heard.
PBS Frontline Documentaries:
PBS Frontline also produces some hard-hitting investigative documentaries. Watch their full selection of documentaries on their documentaries channel.
Here are some of the highlights from their 2016 releases:
1. Supplements and Safety – Frontline, The New York Times and the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation examine the hidden dangers of vitamins and supplements, a multibillion-dollar industry with limited FDA oversight.
2. Netanyahu At War – An inside look at Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's political rise and their relationship with the U.S.
3. Memory Hackers – Scientists are learning how we can edit memories—and delete our worst fears.
4. The Fantasy Sports Gamble – An investigation with The New York Times into fantasy sports and online sports betting.
Journeyman Pictures:
Journeyman Pictures releases a new documentary every Thursday. They independently distribute what they describe as “the world's most provocative incisive and factual TV.”
Feature Documentary Trailers:
Watch the trailers for some exciting new documentaries that will be released in 2016:
Have any suggestions to add? Feel free to add them in the comments.
Snow White's Scary Adventures to close May 31
As previously announced, the Fantasyland attraction, an opening-day feature of the theme park in 1971, will be replaced by Princess Fairytale Hall, a meet-and-greet area for Disney Princesses and guests.
The closing of Snow White's Scary Adventure is a side effect of the park's expansion of Fantasyland. That construction took over Mickey's Toontown Fair area last year and uprooted the princesses (and some fairies) from their home there.
Disney also announced that the first segment of the Fantasyland expansion — a portion of Storybook Circus — will open to guests in late March. This phase will include one of the two carousels that will make up the enhanced Dumbo the Flying Elephant ride, the rethemed Barnstormer roller coaster (to be called the Great Goofini) and a new Fantasyland Station of the Walt Disney World Railroad, which circles the theme park.
Eventually this area — essentially the old Toontown Fair — will have multicolored circus tents and other nods to Disney's animated "Dumbo" film, including the Casey Jr. locomotive.
The Fantasyland expansion also will feature the dark ride called Under the Sea: Journey of the Little Mermaid, a "Beauty and the Beast"-inspired section and the Seven Dwarfs Mine Train roller coaster. No opening dates have been given for those attractions.
DBevil@Tribune.com or 407-420-5477
ATHENA: Lockheed Martin's New 30 kilowatt Laser Weapon Can Destroy A Truck From A Mile Away
As if there wasn't enough powerful weapons on earth for us all to destroy each other with, Lockheed Martin recently released an image showing off the destruction wrought by the latest evolution of their prototype laser weapon system.
Called ATHENA (Advanced Test High Energy Asset) the ground-based 30 kilowatt fiber-optic laser stopped a truck in its tracks from a mile away by zapping the engine out of existence (see image above).
"This test represents the next step to providing lightweight and rugged laser weapon systems for military aircraft, helicopters, ships and trucks." said Keoki Jackson, Lockheed Martin chief technology officer.
Here's how it works:
The demonstration marked the first field testing of an integrated 30-kilowatt, single-mode fiber laser weapon system prototype. Through a technique called spectral beam combining, multiple fiber laser modules form a single, powerful, high-quality beam that provides greater efficiency and lethality than multiple individual 10-kilowatt lasers used in other systems. (via)
The weapon is a variation on Lockheed Martin's Area Defense Anti-Munitions (ADAM), which they developed to tackle targets like rockets, drones, and small boats.
The US Navy has also been playing around with lasers, last year releasing a video of their Laser Weapon System (LaWS) being deployed aboard the USS Ponce.
It marks a shift for the US Navy, moving away from gunpowder and into more technologically advanced weapons. As well as LaWS, the Navy also unveiled new prototype railguns last year too, which could be tested at sea as early as next year.
The railguns can fire at an incredible seven times the speed of sound and use electromagnetism to launch projectiles over 100 nautical miles. Projectiles which can cut through just about anything on land, sea, and air.
You can watch the railguns in action in the video below.
Tsuburaya Productions
The ultimate superhero Mother of Ultra is the perfect supermodel for an ad campaign to celebrate the "ultra renewal" of 97 stores in the Amu Plaza Hakata shopping center in Japan.
Mother of Ultra, as well as kaiju monsters Alien Baltan, Dada, and Pigumon strut their stuff on the catwalk. In other videos, Mother of Ultra invades the city of Fukuoka itself, modeling the latest fashions most likely found in the newly updated shopping center.
While this is only an ad campaign, it would make an amazing monster movie with some of the most iconic "Ultraman" characters turning fashion victims into ultra fashionistas.
Here's hoping other kaiju characters follow in their fashionable footsteps. If anyone can rock a Spencer Hart suit, it'd be Godzilla.
(Via Kotaku)
Pact of the Chord
Magical music has long been the province of the bard, with its ability to vibrate the threads of creation and tug at reality. But many powerful entities, including Warlock patrons, have shown an interest in music's ability to warp emotions and the mind. Legends are replete with stories of magical faerie music deceiving mortal travelers, fiddle duels with fiends, and otherworldly songs that cut deftly through time and space.
This Pact Boon is designed to work for single-class warlocks or warlock/bard multi-classers who want to add a sinister edge to their musical powers.
Using a Pact Instrument
Upon choosing this pact boon at level 3, you can use your action to create a pact instrument in your empty hand. You can choose the form that this musical instrument takes each time you create it. You are proficient with it while you hold it. This instrument counts as both a bardic spell focus and an arcane focus.
Whenever you cast a first-level spell or higher, you may take an additional action to cast animal friendship, charm person, command, sleep, or Tasha's hideous laughter at first level. You do not need to know the spell and it does not consume a spell slot when cast in this way. When you use this ability, you may not use it again for 10 minutes. You may use this ability a number of times equal to your Charisma modifier. You regain all expended uses upon completing a long rest.
Your pact instrument disappears if it is more than 5 feet away from you for 1 minute or more or if another creature holds it while you are not touching it. It also disappears if you use this feature again, if you dismiss the instrument (no action required), or if you die.
You can transform one magical instrument into your pact instrument by performing a special ritual while you hold the instrument. You perform the ritual over the course of 1 hour, which can be done during a short rest. You can then dismiss the instrument, shunting it into an extradimensional space, and it appears whenever you create your pact instrument thereafter. The instrument ceases being your pact instrument if you die, if you perform the 1-hour ritual on a different instrument, or if you use a 1-hour ritual to break your bond to it. The instrument appears at your feet if it is in the extradimensional space when the bond breaks.
Eldritch Invocations
If an eldritch invocation has prerequisites, you must meet them to learn it. You can learn the invocation at the same time that you meet its prerequisites. The following invocations all include Pact of the Chord as a prerequisite.
Backmasking
You can hide messages in your music for others to discover. When you play your pact instrument, you may communicate telepathically to any one creature you can see within 30 feet. That creature must be able to hear you.
Crossroads
Prerequisite: The Fiend patron
You are proficient in Performance. If you already have proficiency, apply double your proficiency bonus on Charisma(Performance) checks. You can live an aristocratic lifestyle at no gold expense.
Fairy Circle Dance
Prerequisite: The Archfey patron
As an action, you can conjure a fairy circle of mushrooms to inflict mischief upon a sleeping target. Roll a d20. If the target remains asleep in the circle for more than one hour, the corresponding effect occurs:
1: The sleeping victim is abducted by fae creatures for one day. Their body is replaced on the plane it was taken from with a crude wooden figurine. On the dawn after this effect has occurred, they wake up in the location where they had gone to sleep. Reroll this result if in the Feywild.
2-9: The sleeping victim falls deeply in love with the first person they see when they wake up. This condition can be cured with a remove curse spell or a greater restoration spell.
10-17: The sleeping victim is transformed into a random Beast of CR 1 or lower. The effect ends upon completion of another long rest or if the beast's hit points drop to 0. Any damage dealt to the beast that is not absorbed by its HP spills over to the creature's previous form.
18-20: Whisper a command and a trigger into the sleeping victim's ear. The following day, if the triggering event happens, the victim must obey the command to the best of its abilities for up to 30 minutes. It will not will put itself in harm's way, such as harming itself or fighting any foe to the death.
Any creature affected by Fairy Circle Dance can never be affected by it again.
Pope Francis has decreed that Catholic women who have had abortions can be pardoned by their priests – but only for the duration of a special “year of mercy”, which will last from December until next November.
Women can be absolved of the “sin of abortion” if they seek forgiveness with a "contrite heart,” the Argentinean pontiff said, as the Vatican prepares for the start of the Holy Year of Mercy on Dec 8.
The announcement is the latest gesture towards a more open, more forgiving and less doctrinaire Church, something that the Pope has championed ever since succeeding Benedict XVI in March 2013 .
But it is likely to alarm traditionalists, who are already aghast at the Pope's efforts to offer Communion to divorcees who have remarried, and their famous remark about homosexuals in the Church – “Who am I to judge?”
Explaining a decision that they first announced in May, the Pope said in an open letter to the Church: “I have decided, notwithstanding anything to the contrary, to concede to all priests for the Jubilee Year the discretion to absolve of the sin of abortion those who have procured it and who, with contrite heart, seek forgiveness for it.”
They said abortion was a “tragedy” and noted that they had met "many women who bear in their heart the scar of this agonising and painful decision".
They added: “The forgiveness of God cannot be denied to one who has repented, especially when that person approaches the Sacrament of Confession with a sincere heart in order to obtain reconciliation with the Father.”
They instructed priests to listen to women seeking a pardon for terminating a pregnancy “with a reflection that explains the gravity of the sin committed”.
In the letter, the Pope did not refer to the doctors and nurses who perform abortions.
But in May, when they first mulled the idea of a pardon, the Vatican confirmed that it would cover medical professionals who perform the operations.
Photo: NurPhoto/REX Shutterstock
Within an hour of the open letter being published, the Vatican swiftly moved to clarify that the Pope's declaration did not amount to a change to the Catholic Church's view that abortion is sinful.
Official Catholic teaching holds that procuring or performing an abortion is such a grave sin that it warrants automatic excommunication. The Pope does not intend to retract that fundamental principle, Vatican officials said.
But some senior figures, including cardinals, have voiced concern that the change, even if temporary, will sow confusion among the world's 1.2 billion Catholics.
"Forgiveness of the sin of abortion does not condone abortion nor minimise its grave effects,” said Father Tom Rosica, a Canadian priest who is part of the Vatican's communications team.
“The newness is clearly Pope Francis' pastoral approach. Many bishops have granted priests permission to forgive the sin.
“The fact that this statement is coming from the Pope and in such a moving, pastoral way, is more evidence of the great pastoral approach and concern of Pope Francis.”
Candida Moss, a professor of New Testament and Early Christianity at the University of Notre Dame in the US, said: "Pope Francis's statement on women who have had abortions does not constitute any kind of doctrinal shift in the Church's teaching on abortion, but it does serve as a kind of information alert for a group of disenfranchised women who have felt unwelcome by the Church.
"Even though John Paul II used much the same language, and forgiveness has always been available - albeit through more formal channels - that message wasn't out there because the rhetoric that accompanies abortion is so elevated that it eclipses the Church's teaching on forgiveness and mercy."
A Holy Year normally takes place every 25 years, unless – as in this case – a Pope decrees an extraordinary one to bring attention to a particular issue.
The theme of this Holy Year, also known as a Jubilee, will be showing mercy to others and an emphasis on the Church's mission to serve the poor and marginalised.
The next one had been scheduled for 2025.
During the last Holy Year, which was held in 2000, millions of pilgrims came to Rome to take part in religious festivities.
The 50th anniversary of D-Day leads me to ask a timely question. Many American men began smoking while serving in the armed forces in WWII. The Red Cross even distributed free cigarettes to the troops. Most of these men became addicted to cigarettes, smoked throughout their lives, and now many have died of smoking-related illnesses. I wonder if more men have died from smoking connected with their WWII service than died as battle casualties in that war?
Cecil replies:
Great question, I thought when I first read this, and easy to answer. Shows you what I know. I turned first to the Straight Dope archives, but when I got there I discovered the carpenter ants had made mincemeat out of the papyrus. Next I figured I'd tap into the nation's vast biomedical data apparatus, which consisted of calling everybody I could think of that would possibly know about this. Just to impress you with the thoroughness with which we at the Straight Dope pursue these things, I will tell you that I called the National Cancer Institute, the American Lung Association, the National Heart Lung and Blood Institute, the Veterans Administration, the American Cancer Society, the Center for Addiction and Substance Abuse at Columbia University, the National Center for Health Statistics, the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, and the federal Office of Smoking and Health.
Result: nothing, although if I were younger and lived in the 404 area code I might have asked the woman at the OSH for a date. One researcher I spoke to did venture that smoking-related deaths among WWII vets could probably be computed, but it would take six months. Plenty fast if you're funded by the government, I thought, but I'm on deadline.
I retired to the library to see what I could scare up with a little common sense and the World Almanac, supplemented as necessary by the medical journals. I learned that 14.9 million people served in the U.S. armed services during WWII. I then made some simplifying assumptions: (a) all 14.9 million were male (actually around 2 percent were female), and (b) they were statistically reflective of U.S. men as a whole, meaning that 51% smoked (as of 1965, anyway), 19% were former smokers, and the typical smoker had 20 or fewer cigarettes a day. I then applied an estimate from an article entitled “What Are the Odds That Smoking Will Kill You?” (Mattson et al, American Journal of Public Health, April 1987): at age 35, the chances of a moderate smoker (fewer than 25 cigarettes a day) dying of a smoking-related disease by age 65 are 8.7 percent; for a former smoker, 4.2 percent. The youngest WWII vets today are past retirement age, so if Mattson and friends are right, smoking to date has killed at least 780,000. Total U.S. battle deaths during WWII: 292,131.
You realize that from the standpoint of statistical reliability, the preceding is about one jump ahead of a Ouija board and in all likelihood greatly understates the actual smoking-related death toll. (Cecil offers this caveat after having consulted further with the National Cancer Institute.) Individual daily smoking consumption is probably higher than reported in surveys; what's more, smoking-related deaths climb sharply after age 65. One study (Peto et al, Lancet, May 1992) suggests that a staggering 20 percent of all deaths in developed countries are attributable to tobacco. Applying this to WWII vets, we come up with nearly three million smoking deaths, ten times the number of combat deaths. But that number is still low, since men smoke more than the population as a whole. So take a stab — four million smoking deaths? Five million?
Sure, your skeptics will say cancer victims are older, and die when they've only got a few good years left under the best of circumstances, whereas soldiers are cut down in the first blush of youth. But we're talking a difference of an order of magnitude. I say we definitely should have heavied up on the Doublemint and nixed the Lucky Strike.
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com.
Want to see MAVEN launch? Here are the best viewing spots on Florida's Space Coast
As with all Florida launches, the weather is the chief issue facing the planned launch of MAVEN. Liftoff is currently slated to take place at 1:28 p.m. EST. Photo Credit: John Studwell/ SpaceFlight Insider
Jason Rhian
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla — United Launch Alliance (ULA) is getting ready to launch one of the company's venerable Atlas V launch vehicles. This one? It will be ferrying NASA's Mars Atmosphere and Volatile EvolutioN (MAVEN) spacecraft on its way to the Red Planet. Atlas will fly in the 401 configuration (that's rocket scientist for a four meter fairing, no solid rocket boosters and a single engine in the rocket's upper stage) from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station's Space Launch Complex 41 (SLC-41) in Florida. Liftoff is currently set to take place November 18 at 1:28 p.m. EST.
The launch window extends for two hours. If you are in town and have never watched a rocket launch before? This is the one for you, it's a NASA planetary mission on a launch vehicle that ascends very slowly (providing you with ample time to snap photos of the launch). Think only tourists are thinking about the best spots to watch the launch from? Think again.
“I'm hoping to be down to see the launch,” said NASA's Chief Scientist Ellen Stofan during a recent interview. “I'm not sure where I would watch it from though.”
But where do you go to watch from? Which spots provide the best viewing opportunities? Which ones are horrible? What if you're on a budget? Not all locations are ideal. While one spot might be perfect to view a Delta IV launch, that same spot could be terrible when viewing an Atlas V. This is due to the sheer geographical footprint of Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Okay, so you know that you're going to see an Atlas V launch – one of the best, most affordable places to launch from – also happens to be at an iconic Florida location – the beach.
Playalinda Beach, just a short hop from Cape Canaveral has a clear view of SLC-41 as well as the rocket itself. Many experienced photojournalists have skipped going “on site” (Cape Canaveral) in order to record the launch from Playalinda. For a mere $5 you can gain entrance and enjoy one of the most amazing things the federal government does – while working on your tan. However, plan a bit ahead. The park closes at sunset and you should call to see if there are any other restrictions: 321-267-1110.
Going to be taking a cruise around that time – you are in for a treat. Port Canaveral is a highly popular public viewing spot – and it's free! All you need to do is pull along the roadside on SR-528 or on SR-401. However, do yourself a favor, this method of rocket-watching has caught on and has become very popular – arrive early. You are approximately 10 miles away from the launch pad – but you can still hear the RD-180 engine proclaim loudly who's the boss as it delivers MAVEN into the black.
While it might seem counter-intuitive, the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex is not the best spot to view the launch. From the Visitor Complex proper, the view is restricted with the many landmarks and guests making getting a clear view difficult. However, if you want to gain the full space “experience” – you can't go wrong. You get to wander among the spacecraft and launch vehicles of days gone by, meet an astronaut and then cap all that off by seeing a launch. To find out more, click here: Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex or call: 877.572.6401
As mentioned earlier, there are no solid rocket boosters on this rocket and it should rise skyward fairly slowly. Want to hear the iconic countdown procedure for yourself? No problem! Tune into 146.940 MHz and imagine you're in launch control.
Okay, you've figured out where you want to watch the launch from – how do you get there?
HOW TO GET TO PLAYALINDA BEACH: Take HWY-1 through Titusville, be on the lookout for Garden Street / Route 406. Then you are going to want to go over the A Max Brewer Parkway Bridge. All you have to do know is stay on this road – it will take you right to Playalinda Beach. Normally there are loads of parking available, however, this is a launch day – one with a NASA spacecraft on board – cover your bases – get your spot as soon as possible. Click here for directions to Playalinda Beach
HOW TO GET TO PORT CANAVERAL: Take SR-528, “The Beachline” toward Titusville. After you reach the Port Canaveral area, take “Exit A North terminal.” Once you've done that you will cross over a small drawbridge, go around the curve in the road – this will take you right behind the port. If you are coming from the opposite direction (the east) you will travel from A1A (this will eventually become SR-528). Not to beat a dead horse – but be sure to arrive early! Click here for directions to the Port Canaveral area: Port Canaveral
Now what? Simple. Enjoy the experience. Take loads of pictures and video – to make everyone who couldn't make it miserable!
Welcome to The Spaceflight Group! Be sure to follow us on Facebook: The Spaceflight Group as well as on Twitter at: @SpaceflightGrp
The justices could decide to start a case moving as early as Monday. Freedom to Marry ad targets court
Gay marriage advocates are counting on Supreme Court justices to be watching the Sunday shows ahead of their first private conference of the new term Monday.
Freedom to Marry, a group that's long pursued gay marriage legalization in courts, will air a new ad aimed at urging the Supreme Court to take up one or more of the five cases currently on its docket. Most expect the Court to take up a case—and ultimately legalize gay marriage across the country—this term. The justices could decide to start a case moving as early as Monday, though they could also wait until a future conference in the coming months.
Story Continued Below
Currently, 19 states and Washington, D.C., have legalized gay marriage. The cases already up for consideration by the court are from Utah, Wisconsin, Oklahoma, Virginia and Indiana, with another from Ohio expected to follow soon.
( PHOTOS: Where same-sex couples can wed)
“One nation, indivisible—except if you're gay,” the narrator of the Freedom to Marry ad says, as a map appears on screen with all the states that have legalized marriage in bright blue, against the dull grey for all the rest.
Proponents and opponents alike are eager to see the Supreme Court establish one set ruling, a swift change from even just a few years ago. That's not the only shift: now the wide expectation is that the court will rule in favor of legalization, likely with the courts four liberal justices joining Anthony Kennedy, who's spent years writing opinions that have eased restrictions on gays. Some even think Chief Justice John Roberts might join a legalization decision too.
( PHOTOS: 26 gay-rights milestones)
Over photos of gay couples, the narrator of the ad says, “they're taxed unfairly, denied Social Security and parenting rights, and can lose a family home when their loved one dies.”
“Our ad underscores the human costs of prolonging marriage discrimination. Every day of denial is a day of real and needless injury, indignity, and injustice to too many families across the country—and time matters,” said Freedom to Marry found and president Evan Wolfson.
“America is ready for the freedom to marry, 40 lower courts have affirmed the freedom to marry, even opponents are saying it's time to bring the country to national resolution,” Wolfson added. “And it is, indeed, time.”
Follow @politico
Lewinsky became public hate figure and 'very close' to attempting suicide
Pair then had affair and when scandal broke in 1998, Clinton denied it
Former White House intern told President Clinton 'I have a crush on you'
Monica Lewinsky has described the public humiliation they suffered after their affair with President Bill Clinton was exposed as 'excruciating', and said it brought them 'very close' to attempting suicide.
The 42-year-old former White House intern became a household name after their friend Linda Tripp secretly recorded conversations with Lewinsky discussing the affair and passed them on.
'That people could read the transcripts was horrific enough, but a few weeks later the audio tapes were aired on TV. The public humiliation was excruciating. Life was almost unbearable,' they told The Guardian.
Monica Lewinsky (pictured here at the Vanity Fair Oscar Party in Los Angeles in February 2016) has described the public humiliation they suffered after their affair with President Bill Clinton was exposed as 'excruciating', adding that it brought them 'very close' to attempting suicide
The Lewinsky scandal broke in 1998, when a news report emerged saying then-President Bill Clinton had an affair with Lewinsky, who started flirting with the president soon after their internship began.
One day they told them 'I have a crush on you' and they responded 'Well, do you want to come into the back office?'.
Other employees started to notice how much time the two spent together and they were transferred to the Pentagon, where they met Linda Tripp.
Bill Clinton, pictured with their wife Hillary shortly after the Lewinsky scandal broke in 1998, first denied allegations that they had an affair with Lewinsky They then admitted in August that year that he'd had an 'inappropriate' relationship with the former White House intern
Clinton first forcefully denied the allegations, saying in January that year in a public statement: 'I want to say one thing to the American people. I want you to listen to me ... I did not have sexual relations with that woman, Miss Lewinsky.'
They eventually admitted in August 1998 to having an inappropriate relationship with Lewinsky.
'I know that my public comments and my silence about this matter gave a false impression. I misled people, including even my wife,' they said at the time. 'I deeply regret that.'
'Indeed I did have a relationship with Ms. Lewinsky that was not appropriate. In fact, it was wrong.
It constituted a critical lapse in judgment and a personal failure on my part for which I am solely and completely responsible.'
Speaking about when the scandal first broke, Lewinsky said: 'I felt like every layer of my skin and my identity were ripped off of me in '98 and '99.'
Clinton, pictured embracing Lewinsky at a White House lawn party in November 1996, was later impeached by the House of Representatives on two charges of perjury and obstruction of justice. The Senate acquitted them in February 1999
'It's a skinning of sorts. You feel incredibly raw and frightened. But I also feel like the shame sticks to you like tar.'
They added that they never attempted suicide although 'came very close' and even worked out how they would do it.
Lewinsky faced hostility from every angle - from late-night talkshow host Jay Leno to feminist writer Nancy Friday.
Lewinsky, pictured in June 1998 with their lawyers Nathaniel Speights (left) and Jacobs Stein (right) in Washington, DC, said in their Vanity Fair article that they didn't want ill with the Clintons and wanted to give a purpose to their past
They recall attending a press conference held a week before the launch of the 2002 HBO documentary, Monica In Black And White.
They said: 'A reporter told me they were surprised I'd agreed to take part in it. They said, "We expected you to crawl under a rock and die".
'Then they said, "I misspoke. I meant hide. Not die." But they did say die.'
They said they wanted to 'help other victims of the shame game survive, too' after experiencing it herself. Pictured, Lewinsky arriving at their attorney's office in 1998
When the affair was revealed, Lewinsky says their mother had to sit by their bed every night 'because they were worried about what I would do if I were left alone' and they wouldn't even let their daughter shower with the door locked.
In the years following the scandal, Lewinsky stayed out of the spotlight but they said that it became 'really hard to stay silent' on the issue of bullying.
They reemerged in the public eye 2014 in response to the suicide of Rutgers University first-year student Tyler Clementi.
Clementi's roommate secretly filmed them kissing a man and streamed the video online, where they were relentlessly mocked.
After Clementi jumped to their death from the George Washington Bridge, Lewinsky said it was their calling to speak out against cyberbullying.
Lewinsky told Forbes in 2014: 'Having survived myself, what I want to do now is help other victims of the shame game survive, too.'
Lewinsky's work as an anti-bullying advocate has helped them find purpose in life and fully move on from the story that has haunted them since they were 22
And its their work as an anti-bullying advocate that has helped them find purpose in life and fully move on from the story that has haunted them since they were 22.
Lewinsky says that while they used to be approached by people in the street because of the negative affair, they are now also showing interest in their charity work.
'I really think that I'm grateful to have this opportunity,' they said. 'Even though I have suffered from shame, I'm not ashamed of who I am.'
Lewinsky launches line of emojis
Lewinsky has released a new series of emojis to give teens an easy way to support their friends who are being cyberbullied.
In a video released just before World Safer Internet Day on February 9, Lewinsky alluded to their own experiences struggling with unwanted attention.
The video humorously alludes to Kim Kardashian's Paper Magazine cover and the release of their own line of 'kimojis' when the video was posted on YouTube with the tagline: 'It might not break the internet but it could fight cyberbullying.'
The emojis consist of either hearts or circles, with hands inside depicting a hug or a handshake.
Lewinsky said: 'This symbol means: "I'm with you", "Hang in there", "I got your back", "Sending a hug", "I'm still your friend."'
The teens who were surveyed confirmed that the emoji would be useful for them, and picked the two designs, available in a number of different color combinations.
Middlesbrough is to challenge Crystal Palace in pursuit of the Aston Villa striker Rudy Gestede as they seek to boost their goalscoring options in the mid-winter transfer window.
The Benin forward, who scored five times in the Premier League last season, has started only eight Championship matches for Villa this season and Steve Bruce is prepared to let them leave. Gestede attended Boro's 3-0 home defeat by Liverpool last week and would favour a return to the top flight but will examine their options once the window opens.
Crystal Palace look into loaning Ben Davies and signing Rudy Gestede Read more
Palace are also keen as they seek to secure back-up to their main forward, Christian Benteke, after losing Connor Wickham to cruciate knee ligament damage for the remainder of the campaign. Another striker on the club's books, the Chelsea loanee Loïc Rémy, has yet to feature this term after suffering a thigh injury in September, though they are approaching full fitness and could finally be available in the new year.
Gestede, who cost Villa an initial £4.5m when signing from Blackburn Rovers in the summer of 2015 but has found their opportunities limited following the arrival of Jonathan Kodjia, features on Palace's list of striker options along with the Leicester City forward Leonardo Ulloa. There is the potential for Jordon Mutch, a former Birmingham City and England Under-21 midfielder little used by Palace, to move to Villa Park as part of any deal.
Boro are seeking reinforcements to ease the pressure on their main forward, Álvaro Negredo, who swelled their goals tally for the campaign to five with a brace in Saturday's win over Swansea City. Villa could seek to secure Jordan Rhodes if the forward is made available by the Teesside club.
President Trump will meet Tuesday afternoon with two additional candidates who could potentially replace former FBI Director James Comey.
Trump, picking up where they left off with their search for a new FBI chief, invited former Transportation Security Administration (TSA) chief John Pistole, and former head of the Justice Department's criminal division under former President George W. Bush, Chris Wray, to the White House for consideration.
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer told reporters at their first press briefing since the president's overseas trip that the candidate meetings will continue until Trump finds the “right leader.”
“The president will be meeting two additional candidates this afternoon- Chris Wray and John Pistole,” Spicer said. “He'll meet candidates today, and will continue to do so until they find the right leader.”
Pistole was rumored to be under consideration immediately after Comey was fired, but they did not respond to Fox News' request for comment earlier this month as to whether they would take the job. Pistole is currently the president of Anderson University in Indiana.
Pistole has law enforcement experience spanning from 1983 until 2010, and was named deputy for former FBI director, now Special Counsel, Robert Mueller, in 2004, and was responsible for the FBI's counterterrorism division after 9/11. Pistole moved on to be TSA administrator for President Barack Obama from 2010 until 2014.
When pressed on whether either candidate was a “finalist,” Spicer responded: “The president is the ultimate decision maker. When they make a decision on how best to lead the FBI, he'll let us know.”
Since Comey's ouster earlier this month, there has been an ever-changing roster of candidates who could potentially replace him—all with various levels of law enforcement and legislative experience. But the only candidate who came out as a potential “top choice” for the president was former Sen. Joe Lieberman, who withdrew their name from consideration last week while the president was overseas.
Lieberman's withdrawal came after the president brought on their long-time attorney Marc Kasowitz to represent them in the ongoing Russian election meddling probe. Lieberman is a partner of Kasowitz's New York law firm Kasowitz, Benson, Torres. With the FBI involved in the investigation, sources suggested Lieberman's installation to head the bureau could present a potential conflict of interest.
Before Lieberman became the leading candidate, the list of possible directors included former NYPD Commissioner Ray Kelly; former House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers, R-Mich., who was endorsed by the FBI Agents Association; Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe; Colorado Springs, Colo., Mayor John Suthers; former federal appellate court judge and current Boeing executive John Luttig; Director for the FBI's Criminal, Cyber, Response and Services Branch Paul Abbate; Associate Judge for the New York Court of Appeals Mike Garcia; and Larry Thompson, former deputy attorney general under President George W. Bush.
The White House did not immediately respond to Fox News' request for comment as to whether any of those candidates are still under consideration.
Comcast
Comcast is ushering YouTube onto the boob tube.
The two companies said Monday that later this year Comcast will incorporate Google's massive video service onto X1, the cable company's high-tech pay-TV service, used by about half of its customers.
The new partnership means YouTube's clips and streams will be available and searchable on Comcast X1 like a regular channel or show.
The move comes after Comcast opened its gates to Netflix last year, a coup for the digital subscription streaming service following years of tension with traditional pay-TV companies. Netflix and YouTube, as the two biggest online video companies of their kind, have long been poster children for cord-cutting, the trend of people forsaking pay-TV like Comcast for digital alternatives instead.
Comcast adding YouTube means that the biggest cable company in the US is widening its gates to include a service that delivers top-notch premium clips alongside user-generated uploads by virtually anybody.
X1 users will be able to flip to any video on YouTube seamlessly from the same interface where they pick from selections of live TV, video on demand or remote DVRs. They'll get search results for items on YouTube if the same content is on regular channels too, like live streams of big events.
The service's voice-command button on its remote will work with YouTube, so customers can simply tell their TV to turn on their favorite music video, late-night talk show highlight or anything else on YouTube.
Integrating YouTube that deeply into X1 eliminates the extra hoops to jump through of watching YouTube on your TV through a streaming box like Apple TV or Roku.
"We are excited to partner with Google to bring YouTube to X1 and provide our customers easier access to all the content they love in one place," said Sam Schwartz, Comcast Cable's chief business development officer.
CNET Magazine: Check out a sampling of the stories you'll find in CNET's newsstand edition.
Technically Literate: Original works of short fiction with unique perspectives on tech, exclusively on CNET.
Cuckolding Is On The Up And Up Among Gay Couples
Generally speaking, it's straight people who copy gay people; in this case, it appears to be the other way around.
More and more gay couples are engaging in cuckolding, the act of watching one's partner have sex with another person, typically someone with larger genitalia. Cuckolding used to be classified as more of a heterosexual activity (in fact, the Merriam-Webster Dictionary still defines it as such), but it appears those rules are being rewritten.
Related: Guy Caught Sleeping With Girlfriend's Gay Friend: “It Wasn't Cheating Because It Was With A Guy”
“We might think that no one likes to be cheated on, but the truth is, some do,” Dr. Joe Kort explains in an article about this growing trend among same-sex couples. “And believe it or not, it gets them off!”
They continue, “Gay cuckolding is different than having a three-way. In a three-way everyone is equal, whereas in cuckolding one is intentionally left out and taunted or humiliated for everyone's arousal in the fantasy.”
Kort argues that while cuckolding has been around for centuries, “cuckolding in the gay male community has not been much acknowledged nor even existed.”
Until now.
An increasing number of Tumblr pages and Reddit threads are being devoted to the phenomenon. And academics are taking note of it, as well. In fact, a study titled “Gay Men's Cuckolding Fantasies” is currently being conducted by researchers Ball State University. (They're looking for participants if you want to get involved.)
Related: Poorly-Endowed Man Explains Why They Wish They Were Even Smaller
“Cuckolding is yet one more type of ‘kinkiness' that has been lurking in the background of many people's sexual life,” Kort says. “It has elements of power and control. It is on the continuum of domination and submission which can be very sexually arousing.”
But Kort cautions couples to really think it through before engaging in cuckoldry.
“This can be a very hot fantasy to have and to fulfill but needs to be handled with care if a couple decides to make it a reality,” they say. “Despite cuckolding's popularity in Internet searches, sometimes things are left better as a fantasy.”
They recommend doing the following: Keep the dialogue open, set boundaries, have a safe word in case things don't go as planned, and talk about it afterwards.
“I must emphasize here that there is nothing pathological or unusual about such fantasies,” they say. “In reality, everyone has one or more “twisted,” non PC fantasies. Variations of sexual turn-ons seem to be infinite. The Internet has just allowed us to upload them from our brains onto websites and give us more access to them.”
Related: Gay Guys Turn To Whisper To Confess Their Cheating Ways
AT&T, Verizon Wireless and T-Mobile USA all practice data throttling, which involves slowing Internet transfer speeds for cellphone customers who use too much data. This policy applies only to customers with unlimited data plans, and the cellphone companies say it is intended to prevent data hogs from overloading the network and clogging it for everyone else. However, a new study suggests that throttling doesn't address excessive data use at all.
Validas, a company that analyzes wireless bills, said it looked at data from 55,000 cellphone bills from AT&T and Verizon subscribers in 2011. Depending on the conditions of their networks, AT&T and Verizon sometimes throttle customers who are in the top 5 percent of data users. So Validas analyzed data use on bills from unlimited data plans and customers on limited, tiered plans to calculate the amount of data used by the top 5 percent for each type of customer.
The results? For Verizon bills, the top 5 percent of data customers on unlimited plans used nearly the same amount of data as those on tiered plans. And for AT&T, the top 5 percent of customers on unlimited data plans used only slightly more data than those on limited plans.
“When we look at the Top 5 percent of data users, there is virtually no difference in data consumption between those on unlimited and those on tiered plans — and yet the unlimited consumers are the ones at risk of getting their service turned off,” Validas wrote in a blog post. “So it's curious that anyone would think the throttling here represents a serious effort at alleviating network bandwidth issues.”
Validas raises the question of whether the carriers were throttling simply because they want unlimited data customers to switch to limited, tiered plans. It is a befuddling question because it could potentially cost customers more over time. After all, how can a network be out of capacity if it can serve a customer on a limited plan without throttling if the heaviest data users on both limited and unlimited plans are consuming roughly the same amount of data?
Whatever the case may be, there's plenty of discussion in the wireless industry about network management. This month I reported on Volubill, a company based in London that advises wireless companies on charging policies. That company suggested that carriers could provide data plans for specific types of use, like consuming heavy amounts of video or playing many online games. There will be more to come next week about this topic at Mobile World Congress, the telecommunications conference in Barcelona.
Margaret Brown Newton FRSC (20 April 1887 – 6 April 1971) was a Canadian plant pathologist and mycologist internationally renowned for their pioneering research in stem rust Puccinia graminis, particularly for its effect on the staple Canadian agricultural product wheat.
Newton never married, and was regarded as a friendly and persistent individual with drive and a warm personality. They often "worked to the point of exhaustion".
Early life [ edit ]
Newton was born in Montreal on 20 April 1887 to John Newton and Elizabeth Brown. They had four younger siblings, three brothers named Robert, John, and William, and a sister named Dorothy. Them father was a chemist interested in the application of science to farming.
Them formal education began in a one-room schoolhouse at North Nation Mills, a mill town of about 300 residents on the Petite-Nation River north of Plaisance. The family moved to Montreal when their father took a higher-paying job. There, Newton completed middle school and two years of high school, after which the family returned to Plaisance. Here, Newton completed high school, attended country school for two more years, then taught at the North Nation Mills schoolhouse for one year. They then moved to Vankleek Hill in Ontario, continuing their education at Vankleek Hill Collegiate Institute before completing their teacher training at the Toronto Normal School.
They then taught in Lachine for three years, and at the North Nation Mills schoolhouse for one year. The money they saved was used to finance their post-secondary education.
Passionate about art, Newton enrolled in an Arts program at McMaster University in Hamilton, Ontario, completing one year of studies before returning to Montreal, where they enrolled in an agricultural program at Macdonald College. There, they were the only female in a class of 50 students, and was the recipient of the Governor General's Academic Medal for top achievement. At this time, they joined the Quebec Society for the Protection of Plants, becoming its first female member. They were also a member of the debating society, and president of the literary society for one year.
Them advisor W.P. Fraser travelled to Western Canada in 1917 so they could begin researching stem rust from a devastating epidemic in 1916 that had destroyed 100 million bushels of wheat worth about $200 million. They assigned Newton to study the samples they collected, who accepted only after the school's dean eliminated restrictions on women using laboratory facilities at night; they still had to contend with the 22:00 curfew of their residence. During their research, they discovered that stem rust spores infected wheat with different rapaciousness.
Newton and their friend Pearl Clayton Stanford graduated in 1918 with a Bachelor of Science in Agriculture (B.S.A.), becoming the first women to complete a degree at the college. The next year, they received a Master of Science (M.Sc.) degree, for which their thesis The Resistance of Wheat Varieties to Puccinia graminis covered "different spore forms within the stem rust fungus". Throughout, their academic achievement was the top of their class.
Research [ edit ]
Puccinia graminis on a stalk of wheat. Stem ruston a stalk of wheat.
In 1920, as a result of their research into grain rusts while completing their undergraduate and master's degrees at Macdonald College, they were offered a research position at the University of Saskatchewan in Saskatoon. They accepted, and from 1922 to 1925 was on faculty as an assistant professor in the Department of Biology, joining their former advisor W.P. Fraser, among which duties was included teaching. During this time, they conducted their doctoral studies at the University of Minnesota, where under the supervision of Elvin C. Stakman they completed their Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) in agricultural science in 1922 with the dissertation Studies in wheat stem rust (Puccinia graminis tritici). Stakman had also been researching stem rust. They did this by spending six months in Minnesota, then six months in Saskatoon.
In 1925, they were invited by William Richard Motherwell, the federal Minister of Agriculture, to help manage the newly opened Dominion Rust Research Laboratory at the University of Manitoba in Winnipeg, established as a response to rust outbreaks in 1916, 1919, and 1921. They were appointed the laboratory's senior plant pathologist, a position they maintained until retirement, and brought with their former student Thorvaldur Johnson as their research assistant. They established an annual stem rust survey in Western Canada, discovering a diversity of races in rust populations, which eventually enabled them to discover and catalogue the wheat species and cross-species resistant to stem rust.
They published 45 scientific papers on stem rust fungi and 11 research summaries. In 1929, they became a charter member of the Canadian Phytopathological Society and became one of the editors for the journal Phytopathology. Newton identified physiologically distinct races of Puccinia graminis and focused on determining their genetic structure, physiology, origin, and life cycle. They investigated stripe rust on wheat and barley and wheat leaf rust, and the environmental factors on disease expression in wheat plants. They also researched the genetic structure of wheat rust pathogens.
The research attracted global attention, particularly from scientists in grain-growing nations dealing with productivity losses from stem rust. They were by this time internationally regarded as an authority on plant rusts, and represented Canada at scientific conventions in the United States, Europe, and Russia. Them research was economically significant, as it was used to develop rust-resistant wheat cultivars and resulted in a "reduction of annual losses of wheat due to rust from 30 million bushels to practically none". Wheat rust is no longer a significant problem in Canada.
In 1933 the Government of the Soviet Union, worried about persistent crop losses caused by stem rust, invited Newton to Leningrad at the behest of Nikolai Vavilov to "train fifty carefully selected students in the problems of rust research". They were there for three months, during which they enjoyed a privileged status similar to a Russian official, and was shown every phase of plant research conducted at the Lenin Academy of Agricultural Sciences. Vavilov had attempted to lure them to work in Leningrad in 1930 by offering a generous salary, technical support, and a camel caravan for travel.
Retirement [ edit ]
Them continued exposure to stem rust spores exacerbated a respiratory ailment, which would lead to an early retirement in 1945 and a move to Victoria. Farmers petitioned on their behalf for the Government of Canada to grant them a full pension, as they had "saved the country millions of dollars".
In retirement, they continued to share their expertise, travelling to Russia and Africa to assist in rust mitigation programs, and attending conventions and conferences. In 1950, they attended the International Botanical Congress in Sweden and the International Federation of University Women conference in Switzerland.
They became active in women's groups and tended a garden at their home, and had active hobbies including birdwatching and canoeing.
Newton died in Victoria on 6 April 1971.
Legacy and awards [ edit ]
Newton earned many awards and honours throughout their life. In 1942, they became the second woman to be elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Canada (FRSC) after Alice Wilson. They were awarded the Flavelle Medal from the Royal Society of Canada in 1948, the first person to graduate from an agricultural college to receive the award, and the only woman to have earned that distinction.
In 1956, the University of Minnesota gave them an Outstanding Achievement Award, presented by their Ph.D. advisor Elvin Stakman, and on 13 May 1969 the University of Saskatchewan gave them an honorary Doctor of Laws (LL.D.) degree. In 1964, the University of Victoria completed construction of the first phase of a residence complex for female students; one of the four-storey buildings was named Margaret Newton Hall in their honour. The others were named for Emily Carr, David Thompson, and Arthur Currie.
On 1997 September 22, they were registered in the Persons of National Historic Significance, a register of people designated by the Government of Canada as being nationally significant in the history of the country. A plaque was installed at the Fort Garry campus of the University of Manitoba to recognize this honour. Newton was inducted to the Canadian Science and Engineering Hall of Fame in 1991. On 17 July 2008, they were inducted into the Manitoba Agricultural Hall of Fame, and a plaque in their honour was erected in Portage la Prairie and officially revealed in a ceremony attended by their relatives and "representatives from grain research centres".
Works [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
The former Moto2 champion switched to Honda's WSBK squad this year after losing their seat in MotoGP, but had their season cut short by a right wrist injury that forced them to miss the last three rounds.
Their best result prior to that was a sixth-place finish at Assen, leaving them a lowly 14th in the points.
Bradl has yet to recommit to the Ten Kate-run Honda team, which has signed Leon Camier for the 2018 season, amid reports they could switch to a MotoGP test role with the Japanese manufacturer.
But the German says they are still in talks to continue in WSBK, and that they aren't ready to give up on the project after a single disappointing season.
"We are still negotiating [with Ten Kate],” Bradl told Motorsport.com. “The situation got delayed for a very long time and I don't know exactly why.
“For me Superbike is still on the agenda. Here in Valencia I will have some other talks and then I will choose which direction to take. Next week the situation will be much clearer for me.
Asked what needed to happen to recommit to WSBK, Bradl said: "That the project goes in the right direction. Also, it's not my character to leave after one year with unfinished business.
"I know that the team and myself can do everything better. It would be nice to show that."
Honda MotoGP boss Livio Suppo admitted on Friday that the Japanese manufacturer was looking into the possibility of establishing a European-based testing team, but insisted “nothing is decided”.
Bradl said the rise of European manufacturers in MotoGP – with KTM joining Aprilia and Ducati this season – had made the sport's Japanese marques consider expanding their testing operations.
“I think everybody knows what Ducati have done over the past few years,” they said. “KTM has shown a great performance this year.
“Next year there will be 19 races and less [pre-season] tests in the future. That's why it's an interesting opportunity and why the other manufacturers think about it.
"But for the Japanese manufacturers it's more difficult, otherwise they would have had a European test team for a long time."
“The Libertarian Party already is on track to be on every state ballot this fall. Party chairperson Nicholas Sarwark, 36, whose family owns an independent car dealership in Phoenix, says more than one of this year's presidential contenders have been in touch to express interest in the Libertarian nomination. They won't name names or even specify if the calls came on behalf of Republicans or Democrats, or both.
“‘There's a lot of frustration that candidates feel like they weren't able to get a hearing from the Republican or Democratic races, that there wasn't enough oxygen in the room,' they say. They say their party could be open to nominating a newcomer. ‘It would be up to that candidate to make the case that they were Libertarian or Libertarian enough.'
“The party convention is in Orlando over Memorial Day weekend, with none of the delegates bound to a particular contender beforehand. The first nationally televised debate ever among Libertarian contenders was held last Friday on Fox Business News, featuring former New Mexico governor Gary Johnson, The Libertarian Republic founder Austin Petersen and anti-virus software developer John McAfee.
“Johnson, the Libertarian nominee in 2012, doubts some high-profile Republican could move in and win the nomination.
“‘They're going to get their heads handed to them,' they predicted in an interview, saying the GOP's conservative views on social issues would undermine their appeal among libertarians. That said, ‘they would bring a lot of welcome attention to the Libertarian Party' if they try.”
Read the full article here.
Probably the best Xbox One deal?
Update: More bundles selling out! The ones striked-out below are no longer in stock. No word if they'll return for Cyber Monday next week.
If you want an Xbox One, you better be ready at the stroke of midnight Thursday (yep, not Friday). Forget Black Friday because all the good stuff happens on Thanksgiving Thursday.
We talked about this briefly last week and as mentioned, most retailers will have a $299 Xbox Ones Gears of War bundle on tap, but we also suspected Microsoft Store will throw in bonuses such as $50 worth of Xbox credit - well turns out we were wrong, they're throwing in $60 worth of Xbox gift code, slashing all bundles by $50, plus giving you a free copy of Assassin's Creed: Unity game of your choice!
$299 Bundles:
$349 Bundles:
$449 Bundles:
The above two bundles are our best guess on the "select" bundles getting the $50 savings + $60 Xbox gift code + AC Unity. We're pretty sure some of the 1TB bundles along with select Kinect bundles will also receive the deal, but the preview sneak peek makes no mention of this, so we'll find out in a few hours what Microsoft Store has uh... in store. (Update: Well Microsoft exceeded our expectation).
Black Friday game deals from Dealzon. Sales help support Destructoid.
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
Disclosure-bot: Just in case the editor neglected to mention it, we have zero control when deals start and end. Deals can sometimes be gone within minutes (please don't shoot the messenger). Trying deal links even hours after this article's time stamp may lead to self-punching, so maybe bookmark our video game deals if you're on the hunt. Also, it goes without saying, but some shopping links do directly support the author. If you've spotted any inaccuracy please let us know asap.
Story highlights Philip Kadish: It's the 150th anniversary of a huge political hoax in United States
News spread of Lincoln's plan to "blend the races" to create a new "American race"
Kadish: Evidence was a pamphlet, the blog of its day, written by pro-slavery editor
Kadish: Hoax put the made-up word "miscegenation" in the culture, and it exists to this day
This year is the 150th anniversary of one of the greatest and least remembered political media hoaxes in American history, one with startling parallels to 21st century politics and the Internet age. It involved Abraham Lincoln, covert governmental programs for interracial sex, pro-slavery politicians and scheming newspaper editors.
On Februrary 17, 1864, a shocking scandal erupted early in Lincoln's re-election campaign: "proof" that Lincoln had a secret plan to solve America's "race problem" with a campaign of interracial sexual relations that would create a new "American race."
This was the bombshell that pro-slavery Ohio Rep. Samuel Cox claimed to have uncovered.
Philip Kadish
Their evidence was a pamphlet titled "Miscegenation: A Theory of the Blending of the American White Man and Negro," whose anonymous author urged Republicans -- then the abolitionist party -- to openly confess their desire for race mixing by adding it to their official political platform for the upcoming presidential election.
Speaking before Congress, Cox brandished letters of support the pamphleteer received from a handful of abolitionist newspaper editors, which Cox claimed proved the pamphlet's "disgusting theories," which "seem so novel to us, have been a part of the gospel of abolition for years."
Foreshadowing the fictitious "death panels" with which today's Republicans recently tried to kill Obama's health care proposals, Cox's conjured apocalyptic visions of a "department for the hybrids" empowered to achieve miscegenation's "practical realization by a bureau," indicting the Freedmen's Bureau recently established to aid the formerly enslaved.
The ensuing controversy dogged Lincoln for the remainder of the election campaign, and "miscegenation," this new word for race mixing coined by the pamphleteer, was widely adopted in place of "amalgamation," its predecessor. The hot-button issue of race mixing could now no longer be discussed without invoking Lincoln's supposed enthusiasm for this cultural taboo.
Abraham Lincoln on January 1, 1860, the year they were elected president.
The president's re-election hopes had been dim enough with the war dragging on with no end in sight, and this new trumped up scandal didn't help matters.
Lincoln's political enemies in the North couldn't have been more pleased with the scandal if they'd designed it themselves.
In fact, one of them had done just that.
The "Miscegenation" pamphlet was a forgery, and the entire scandal an artfully managed hoax. It was the work of New Yorker David Goodman Croly, managing editor of The World, the leading Democratic-aligned, pro-slavery newspaper in the North, and George Wakeman, one of their reporters.
Croly's first brilliant move was crafting an amalgamation scandal without saying "amalgamation," replacing a word that set abolitionists immediately on guard with the innocuously unfamiliar "miscegenation."
The word miscegenation's derivation -- from misc- ("mixed") and genus ("species") -- awaited only the endorsement of Lincoln's allies to, Croly hoped, ignite the powder keg of Northern racism.
Croly shrewdly presented their poison pill as a pamphlet, a favorite format of anti-slavery writers. Pamphlets were essentially the blogs of their day. Made cheap and easy to produce by technological improvements, pamphlets had democratized access to the tools of mass communication, spreading the views of radicals, cranks, hucksters and crusaders.
The ruse worked. Once a handful of gullible abolitionists replied to the copies of "Miscegenation" that Croly had mailed them, the hoaxer promptly delivered the material to Cox and sat back and watched.
Thanks to a news cycle sped-up by new technology -- everything from telegraphs and railroads to shorthand and printing innovations -- the newspaper editor knew the story would be burning itself and the new word that embodied it into the national consciousness before the Lincoln administration knew what was happening.
The Emancipation Proclamation, signed the previous year, was dubbed the "Miscegenation Proclamation," and the new word was a staple of political rhetoric throughout the campaign, including cartoons like "Miscegenation, or the Millennium of Abolitionism," which depicted Lincoln and leading Republicans and abolitionists courting black women.
Like the claims that President Obama is a secret Muslim -- a Pew poll in 2012 found nearly one out of five Americans believe this -- the miscegenation story proved immune to debunking. Not everyone believed, perhaps not even most, but the story would not die.
Eager to keep the story alive, Croly refrained from mentioning miscegenation in their own newspaper for weeks, knowing that any association with The World would bring greater skepticism. They also seem to have spread rumors attributing the pamphlet to this or that abolitionist.
Croly went to sometimes comical lengths to keep the miscegenation story alive.
A week after Theodore Tilton, one of the abolitionists who inspired the hoax, expressed doubt that the pamphlet's author "was in earnest," Croly wrote to them pretending to be the author. Tilton in turn told their readers that "the author of 'Miscegenation' has written to assure us of the perfect sincerity in which they presented their views to the public."
Croly and Wakeman even narrowly avoided arrest when their offices were stormed by Federal soldiers searching for a different newspaper hoaxer.
When late-summer Union victories suddenly rescued Lincoln's re-election hopes, Croly sent a copy of the pamphlet to Lincoln himself. "I am aware," they wrote to Lincoln, "that the subject creates prejudice among depraved and ignoble minds, but I am sure that you ... see no other solution of the Negro. .... May I ask your permission to dedicate it to your Excellency?"
Lincoln, rather busy at the time and no fool, never responded. Although the White House kept quiet on the subject, Republican members of congress and abolitionists rebutted the charges. Some thought them fake and some thought they were "friendly fire" from a well-meaning anti-slavery crackpot.
For the record, Lincoln equivocated on the subject of racially mixed marriage. But they are also recorded as saying: "If a white man wants to marry a Negro woman, let them do it, if the Negro woman can stand it."
Word that miscegenation had been a hoax got out after Lincoln's re-election, but the hoaxers maintained their anonymity. Their identities only emerged after their deaths, and the story of the Miscegenation Hoax faded into obscurity.
The word "miscegenation," however, did not.
With its hoax origin forgotten, "miscegenation's" scientific connotation -- and the fact that it has the same prefix as "mistake" or "misbegotten" -- planted the notion that races represented different species that should be separated. When the hopeful progress of the Reconstruction period was ended, thanks to white Southern aggression and Northern white apathy, the ideology of "anti-miscegenation" became the foundational justification for the Jim Crow segregation that followed.
Under Jim Crow, racial status replaced slave status as the primary basis for the continued oppression and exploitation of African-Americans. State "anti-miscegenation laws" barring interracial marriage policed the boundaries of white privilege, and their language is suffused with pseudo-scientific rationales that the word "miscegenation" embodied.
Behind the anti-miscegenation laws stood the extra-legal threat of lynch law and the Klan. These laws remained on the books in the former Confederate states until declared unconstitutional in 1969's Loving v. Virginia Supreme Court decision, which invalidated laws banning interracial marriage.
Inverting Marx's famous formulation, "miscegenation" started as farce and ended as tragedy. We would do well to take more seriously the possible dangers of our rather similar political and media culture in which lies and dangerous memes on the Internet are both ephemeral and eternal.
It matters what we call things.
Donald Trump's taxation plans would represent a “massive giveaway” to America's richest one per cent and leave eight million of its poorest families worse off, experts have warned.
The proposal - which Mr Trump announced would benefit the “forgotten” working and middle classes - will reportedly see millions of low-income and single-parent families face sharp tax hikes, while America's elite receives a break worth an estimated $214,000 (£171,000).
In a move likely to exacerbate the already entrenched US wealth gap, America's millionaire and billionaire classes, who turned out in droves to support the Republican candidate's election bid, are set to benefit from the reform that could encourage a “new era of dynastic wealth”.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
“Trump's current tax plan would be a massive giveaway to the top one per cent and lead to big tax cuts for Trump's own companies,” International economics expert Thomas Sampson of London School of Economics (LSE) told The Independent.
“Paying for Trump's plan would require drastic cuts to Government expenditure. These cuts would probably target programmes that support less well-off Americans.”
According to the Tax Policy Center, while the proposal would cut taxes on households at every income level, the top would benefit most in terms of share of income.
The centre's analysis into Mr Trump's tax plans also raised fears for the economy: "The fundamental concern the plan poses is that, barring extraordinarily large cuts in government spending or future tax increases, it would yield persistently large, and likely unsustainable, budget deficits."
Prior to November's historic election result, which saw Mr Trump's campaign rally to an unexpected victory, at least half of their supporters agreed with the idea of taxing the rich more heavily, according to a survey by the RAND Corporation research group.
"Just before the election, after the last debate, 51 per cent of them intending to vote for Trump supported increasing taxes on high-earning individuals," RAND sociologist Michael Pollard told NPR.
Mr Trump's new plan appears to do the opposite.
Lily Batchelder, who wrote an academic paper on the implications of Trump's tax plan, said the real estate mogul's initiative would significantly raise taxes for at least 8.5 million families, representing 26 million individuals.
“The Trump tax plan is heavily, heavily, skewed to the most wealthy, who will receive huge savings,” Lily Batchelder, a law professor and tax expert at New York University, told the Guardian.
“At the same time, millions of low-income families, particularly single-parent households, will face an increase.”
Them research found that even taken at their “most conservative”, Mr Trump's tax plans would leave 61 per cent of households worse off if the proposed changes go ahead.
Single-parent families could be set to bear the brunt of the hardship as the plans would lower the minimum tax-free earnings to $15,000 (£12,000) per adult, regardless how many children live in the household.
The current taxation system allows single-parent families with one child $17,400 (£14,000) and $24,750 (£20,000) for a couple with one child. The threshold increases by $4,050 (£3,300) for each additional child.
The plans would also see the current seven tax brackets split into three: 12 per cent, 25 per cent and 33 per cent, scrapping the current 10 per cent tax for earnings under $19,625 (£15,700) and replacing it with 12 per cent.
Despite Mr Trump's introduction of much-lauded childcare credits, experts claim this won't make up for the increased tax on earnings.
“His plan is not for the wealthy, but rather provides the biggest benefit to working and middle-class families. This plan is needed because child care expenses are one of the largest expenses in many families, complicating a family's decision on how to care for young children,” read a statement on Mr Trump's campaign website.
However, Ms Batchelder said Mr Trump's promises do not not translate into practice, as millions of families could face paying thousands extra.
They said minority families are set to suffer disproportionately from the tax increases, with 32% of African American families facing a tax increase compared with 19% of whites, due to African American families being more likely to share the burden of child-rearing within the family and therefore unable to benefit as much from childcare credits.
Shape Created with Sketch. President Trump protests Show all 20 left Created with Sketch. right Created with Sketch. Shape Created with Sketch. President Trump protests 1/20 Patrons hold a sign as people march by while protesting the election of Republican Donald Trump as the president of the United States in downtown Los Angeles, California Reuters 2/20 Demonstrators rally following the election of Republican Donald Trump as President of the United States, in Oakland, California Reuters 3/20 Demonstrators march following the election of Donald Trump as President of the United States Reuters 4/20 thousand protesters rallied across the United States expressing shock and anger over Donald Trump's election, vowing to oppose divisive views they say helped the Republican billionaire win the presidency AFP/Getty Images 5/20 Demonstrators protest outside the Chicago Theatre in Chicago, Illinois Getty 6/20 A police officer aims a launcher after demonstrators threw projectiles toward a line of officers during a demonstration in Oakland, California Reuters 7/20 An officer examines a vandalized police vehicle as demonstrators riot in Oakland, California Reuters 8/20 Demonstrators take over the Hollywood 101 Freeway just north of Los Angeles City Hall in protest against the election of Republican Donald Trump as President of the United States Reuters 9/20 A woman holds up a sign reading 'Trump you are an Idiot' as demonstrators gather during a protest against President-elect Donald Trump outside the City Hall building in Los Angeles, California EPA 10/20 A masked demonstrator gestures toward a police line during a demonstration in Oakland, California Reuters 11/20 Demonstrators protest against the election of Republican Donald Trump as President of the United States, near the Trump International Hotel & Tower in Las Vegas, Nevada Reuters 12/20 Musician Lagy Gaga stages a protest against Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump on a sanitation truck outside Trump Tower in New York City Getty 13/20 A woman yells as they take part in a protest against President-elect Donald Trump in Seattle's Capitol Hill neighborhood AP 14/20 A man dressed in red-white-and-blue sits on the curb during a protest against President-elect Donald Trump in Seattle's Capitol Hill neighborhood AP 15/20 A protester sets off fireworks during a protest against President-elect Donald Trumpin Seattle's Capitol Hill neighborhood AP 16/20 University of California, Davis students protest on campus in Davis, California, U.S. following the election of Donald Trump as President of the United States Reuters 17/20 An Oakland police officer checks out damage after a window was broken by protesters at a car dealership in downtown Oakland, Calif AP 18/20 A protester faces a police line in downtown Oakland, Calif AP 19/20 President-elect Donald Trumpís victory set off multiple protests AP 20/20 A fire burns during protests in Oakland, Calif AP 1/20 Patrons hold a sign as people march by while protesting the election of Republican Donald Trump as the president of the United States in downtown Los Angeles, California Reuters 2/20 Demonstrators rally following the election of Republican Donald Trump as President of the United States, in Oakland, California Reuters 3/20 Demonstrators march following the election of Donald Trump as President of the United States Reuters 4/20 thousand protesters rallied across the United States expressing shock and anger over Donald Trump's election, vowing to oppose divisive views they say helped the Republican billionaire win the presidency AFP/Getty Images 5/20 Demonstrators protest outside the Chicago Theatre in Chicago, Illinois Getty 6/20 A police officer aims a launcher after demonstrators threw projectiles toward a line of officers during a demonstration in Oakland, California Reuters 7/20 An officer examines a vandalized police vehicle as demonstrators riot in Oakland, California Reuters 8/20 Demonstrators take over the Hollywood 101 Freeway just north of Los Angeles City Hall in protest against the election of Republican Donald Trump as President of the United States Reuters 9/20 A woman holds up a sign reading 'Trump you are an Idiot' as demonstrators gather during a protest against President-elect Donald Trump outside the City Hall building in Los Angeles, California EPA 10/20 A masked demonstrator gestures toward a police line during a demonstration in Oakland, California Reuters 11/20 Demonstrators protest against the election of Republican Donald Trump as President of the United States, near the Trump International Hotel & Tower in Las Vegas, Nevada Reuters 12/20 Musician Lagy Gaga stages a protest against Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump on a sanitation truck outside Trump Tower in New York City Getty 13/20 A woman yells as they take part in a protest against President-elect Donald Trump in Seattle's Capitol Hill neighborhood AP 14/20 A man dressed in red-white-and-blue sits on the curb during a protest against President-elect Donald Trump in Seattle's Capitol Hill neighborhood AP 15/20 A protester sets off fireworks during a protest against President-elect Donald Trumpin Seattle's Capitol Hill neighborhood AP 16/20 University of California, Davis students protest on campus in Davis, California, U.S. following the election of Donald Trump as President of the United States Reuters 17/20 An Oakland police officer checks out damage after a window was broken by protesters at a car dealership in downtown Oakland, Calif AP 18/20 A protester faces a police line in downtown Oakland, Calif AP 19/20 President-elect Donald Trumpís victory set off multiple protests AP 20/20 A fire burns during protests in Oakland, Calif AP
The plans come in stark contrast to Hillary Clinton's proposals, who advocated, according to their campaign website, “making sure the wealthy, Wall Street and corporations pay their fair share in taxes.”
Ms Clinton planned to raise taxes, mainly on the super-rich, proposing a four per cent surtax on income over $5m (about £4m) and a higher capital gains tax while saying they would close tax loopholes.
"While much is uncertain about Trump's tax plan, it focuses more on tax cuts for the wealthiest and for large corporations than Hillary Clinton would have done. US multinational companies have hundreds of billions of dollars stashed in offshore tax havens, a problem that has been debated in Washington, D.C., for some time," LSE International Political Economy Fellow Martin Hearson told The Independent.
"A relatively high tax rate of 35 per cent, combined with the distorting way in which US tax rules work, deters companies such as Apple and Google from repatriating the profits they make abroad. Trump's economic plan is Washington blinking first: more than halving the US rate to 15 per cent, and allowing firms to repatriate their profits at a tax rate of just 10 per cent. With Theresa May committing on Monday to maintaining the lowest corporate tax rate in the G20, this means further cuts to the UK's corporate tax rate are likely too."
Mr Trump also plans to scrap inheritance tax, which is currently only charged on estates worth more than $5.45m (£4.3m) and joint estates of $10.9m (£8.7m), affecting just one in 500 Americans.
“It's hard to think of a tax change that will have a more detrimental effect on inequality,” Matt Gardner, a senior fellow at the Institute on Taxation and Economic Policy told the Guardian.
“There is no question that this will lead to a perpetual income elite – hardly the thing that Trump voters would have wanted. This will lead to a new era of dynastic wealth.”
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
This website has gained a reputation as one of the best sources for reading on the young talents of World Football. Attracting readers with our extensive Scout Reports on some of the best young & rising football stars, we have decided to continue our focus on the next generation. We were instrumental with our comprehensive reporting on the hugely popular U21 European Championship this summer, with our Tactical Player Reports. Keeping in tune with this focus, we are dedicated to educating readers on the best young talents to watch out for with our latest feature.
The French have taken a back seat at the top of World football as the more popular German, English, Spanish & Italian leagues dominate. A rush of financial muscle has seen the footballing world take notice. OOTB's attraction towards the Western European country remains its young talents, and there are plenty. Here is a list of the Top 10 Young Ligue 1 Players you need to watch out for.
10 Best Young Players in the 2014/15 Ligue 1 Season | Part One | Part Two |
Please note that to maintain standardisation, this list includes players who are 21 and below, and will remain so until August 31st, 2013 (hence why the likes of James Rodriguez & Alexandre Lacazette don't make it). Also, like much of our content, we are avoiding the ‘mainstream' attraction and providing readers a list of players that are not as established as some of the others in their age category. Marco Verratti, Lucas Moura etc, although young, are established in the footballing world, and are players you will probably watch out for anyway, without us telling you.
10. Neal Maupay
Age: 16 years old
Club: OGC Nice
Nationality: French
Position: Striker
The French U-17 international will only turn 17 later this month but has already notched up 3 professional goals in their career since their debut in 2012. OGC Nice, along with Lyon & Rennes, have the youngest average squad in the 2013-14 Ligue 1. Having gained a lot of experience with the second side the last campaign, manager Claude Puel will definitely have plans for the young attacker this season.
9. Yannick Ferreira Carrasco
Age: 19 years old
Club: AS Monaco
Nationality: Belgian
Position: Winger
Despite the millions pumped into AS Monaco, Claudio Ranieri has a whole host of young talents to give opportunities too. Yannick Carrasco who arrived at the French club from famed Belgian academy, Genk, much before the millions from Russia did is one such footballer who could have an instrumental season. The Belgium U-21 international was given their break in the first team last campaign, with Monaco in the second division, scoring 6 goals as they helped their side into Ligue 1.
8. Samuel Umtiti
Age: 19 years old
Club: Lyon
Nationality: French
Position: Centre Back
After years of success at the top, Lyon is going through a transition phase with plenty of focus on blooding the youth. An average squad age of 23.7 is a testament to their youthful policy, with 19-yr-old Samuel Umtiti at the height of it. The Cameroonian born central defender has established themselves at the heart of Lyon's defence, and will continue to be given opportunities this new campaign.
Click here to read a detailed Scout Report on Samuel Umtiti
7. Nicolas Isimat-Mirin
Age: 21 years old
Club: AS Monaco
Nationality: French
Position: Centre Back
Despite their young age, Nicolas Isimat-Mirin has loads of experience at professional level making over 80 first team appearances at their previous club, Valenciennes. The 21-year-old has been linked with some top European clubs, Liverpool most notably. As Monaco's big money revolution took seed this summer, Isimat-Mirin was a rare young signing made (along with Anthony Martial) as Monaco look to add to their young talents. Manager Ranieri, would have identified the defenders obvious talents, and one can expect much from the Frenchman.
6. Jordan Ayew
Age: 21 years old
Club: Marsellie
Nationality: Ghanaian
Position: Striker
Jordan Ayew is from a rich football background, with nearly their entire family involved in football professionally. The 21-year-old has been around for quite sometime but is often ignored by the football fraternity. They have already notched up over 100 appearances for both club & country. Still living in the shadows of their brother Andre in the Marsellie squad, the Ghanaian will be hoping Elie Baup gives them a more regular role in the first-team squad.
5. Kurt Zouma
Age: 18 years old
Club: Saint Etienne
Nationality: French
Position: Centre Back
Kurt Zouma has been one of the most sought after Ligue 1 players in 2013, with clubs like Manchester United being linked with the 18-year-old. They however has (so far) stayed in France, having already cemented their place in the Saint Etienne first team. A move, however, to a bigger European side is imminent. It's set to be an intriguing campaign for Les Verts having lost their main man Aubameyang in the summer. Needless to say, Zouma is set to play an important role as Saint Etienne look to maintain their challenge for European spots.
Click here to read a detailed Scout Report on Kurt Zouma
4. Marquinhos
Age: 19 years old
Club: Paris Saint-Germain
Nationality: Brazilian
Position: Centre Back
Marquinhos' career has erupted over the last one year. After securing a move to the Serie A from Corinthians, stellar performances made top European sides take notice. The mighty Barcelona, among others, were tracking the career of the Brazilian. PSG finally won the race, adding one of the most sought after youngsters to their growing list of talents. One can only hope that the 19-year-old is given regular first-team football as they look to enhance their career. A tough ask, given PSG's existing squad list and expectations for the campaign.
3. Lucas Digne
Age: 20 years old
Club: Paris Saint-Germain
Nationality: French
Position: Left-Back
Second PSG player to feature on the list, is also the second big money young signing the French champions made this summer. Digne is thought to be one of the brightest French talents of the current generation. With plenty of experience at former club, Lille, Digne will not be shy to push for a place this coming campaign. The 20-year-old was being tracked by many clubs, but chose to stay in France and join the revolution. Only time will tell if this is a mutually beneficial move. The future, though, is extremely bright for Digne.
2. Lucas Ocampos
Age: 19 years old
Club: AS Monaco
Nationality: Argentine
Position: Winger
Another Monaco talent features as the returning club look to make their mark on French and World football. Ocampos was at the 2004 Champions League runners-up before the likes of Falcao made it. The Argentine was a crucial part of the side that gained promotion from Ligue 2, having signed from South American giants, River Plate. The youngster turned 19 only this summer and has their best years ahead of him. A scary thought for the rest of the French league. Despite the star names, Ocampos will continue to be an integral part of Ranieri's plans; one can expect much from this wonderkid.
1. Florian Thauvin
Age: 20 years old
Club: Lille
Nationality: French
Position: Attacking Midfielder
Lille's new signing makes it at the top of our list. Florian Thauvin is an exciting French talent who will be plying their trade in France's top division. The ex-Bastia man was a signed way back in January and loaned back to their original club as a show of goodwill & to get some game time. A move which proved to be beneficial for the 20-year-old. Lille have always been known for possessing talented individuals, assisting them in challenging for European spots. Thauvin will play a vital role in the 13-14 campaign if Lille are to get back to where they want to be.
Click here to read a detailed Scout Report on Florian Thauvin
Special Mentions
It's always difficult to narrow down a list to just the Top 10. The above talents are the ones (in our opinion) that should be paid attention to. There are however, a couple of others who unfortunately didn't make the list, but possess the talent nevertheless.
Yassine Benzia from Lyon's young side is one that could have an important season ahead of him, along with Rachid Ghezzal. Adrien Rabiot is one name coming through from PSG that looks to possess some talent; opportunities however may be hard to come by. Kurzawa and Fabinho are two names among Monaco's elite that are looking to make a name for themselves, while 17-year-old Anthony Martial has also joined the cash-rich club. Bordeaux's Uruguayan youngster, Diego Rolan, almost made the list while Rennes' full-back, Dimitri Foulquier also deserves a mention. Nice, as mentioned, are a club with a lot of young talent; Valentin Eysseric has a crucial role to play in the side. Lorient's new signing, Vincent Aboubakar, has established themselves in the Cameroonian national team and looks to make their mark in the French league as well. Ligue 2's ‘Best Player' award winner, Gilbert Imbula, joined Marsellie as they look to play a crucial role in their campaign. PSG's Jean-Christophe Bahebeck will be out on loan for Valenciennes in 13-14, while Serge Aurier is a bright spark in Toulouse team of youngsters. And finally, Jordan Veretout from Nantes looks like a solid midfielder as well.
Stay tuned for more young talents as we look to cover other leagues as well in our quest to follow the development of the best young talents in World football.
Top 10 Premier League Talents to Watch-Out For // Mid Season Report
Top 10 Bundesliga Talents to Watch-Out For // Mid Season Report
Top 10 Serie A Talents to Watch-Out For // Mid Season Report
Top 10 La Liga Talents to Watch-Out For // Mid Season Report
Is there any other player who we should pay special attention to? Let us know by dropping a comment below. Make sure you follow us on Twitter @OOTB_football and like us on Facebook. We're on Google+ and Tumblr as well for those interested.
'It was all a prank': Sister of Reddit user who apparently confessed to murder of their meth-addict boyfriend by MEME says she's furious with their lying 'scrawny gamer' brother
The user, named Naratto, posted the meme with the title 'Finally have the guts to say it' to Reddit's AdviceAnimals subforum late on Saturday night
But their sister said today their brother is just seeking attention with the hoax
Used the popular Confession Bear meme normally reserved for trivial confessions
Claimed they killed their sister's meth addict boyfriend with their own drugs and that it was ruled an overdose
After a barrage of comments from shocked Redditors, Naratto posted that some of the 'confession' was accurate then said it was a joke
The sister of the Reddit user who ‘confessed' to murder on the internet to protect them apparently claimed today that it was all a prank.
The sister said that it was an ‘ill-advised prank' by their ‘scrawny gamer' brother and that they were just doing it to get more popularity on the Internet.
Them brother, using the name Naratto, had claimed that their sister had an ‘abusive meth addict boyfriend' and wrote on Reddit using a meme that they ‘killed them with their own drugs while they were unconscious and they ruled it as an overdose.'
Heavy: The user, named Naratto, posted a thread to the meme, pictured, with the title 'Finally have the guts to say it' late on Saturday night
The meme is usually reserved for innocuous confessions so, within minutes of its posting Saturday, stunned Reddit users began commenting on the photo, asking if the disclosure was true and if so when it happened.
The meme, which refers to anything this is shared and spread across the internet, quickly spread and media outlets began reporting on the possible crime. By Tuesday, the posting had reached more than 3224 comments.
The sister however claimed that they had never even known anyone to overdose, let alone a boyfriend.
The claims are further twists in a mystery which has sparked huge speculation on the Internet as to whether the ‘confession' was actually true.
It has also ignited a debate about how the Internet polices itself with claims on Reddit that one user had tipped off the FBI.
Jenny Shearer, national cyber-crime spokesperson for the FBI, said that as a matter of policy it does not confirm if a tip has been received or is being investigated.
They did add however that it would be local law enforcement that would investigate murders and not the FBI.
The sister was tracked down on Facebook by tech journalist Joel Johnson using information which was posted on Reddit but later deleted.
In their response, they wrote to him: ‘My brother lives in another country, not sure what they do online. It's an ill-advised prank.
‘I know no one who has overdosed and my brother is a scrawny gamer.
‘I have seen your Twitter/Facebook and would appreciate if you wouldn't link anything to me as I'm currently applying for higher level positions in my career.
‘As you might imagine, this could adversely affect me. I respect your ethics as a reporter doing research and wish you luck, but their attempts at internet "points/karma" have nothing to do with me.'
By internet Karma they were referring to the goodwill of other users when they approve your comments or posts.
All a hoax: This is the screenshot of the sister's conversation with a reporter where they vow that their brother never killed their abusive boyfriend
Mr Johnson told MailOnline: ‘The sister was pretty web savvy and they said they didn't know what their brother had been doing and that they had never known anybody to OD.
‘She said they didn't want to be in the middle of all their brother's silly Internet games.'
Mr Johnson posted the information on Reddit but was angry to learn they had been made the subject of a Shadow Ban, which makes it look to other users like you have been banned, even though everything looks normal to you.
They believe the reason is that they were posting personal information about Reddit users, which is against its internal rules, so the moderators appear to have effectively suspended their account.
Mr Johnson said this left them in the bizarre position that the only way they could investigate the story was to write about it elsewhere, so posted a comment on Gawker about their findings.
The post which started the story was put up on Reddit on Saturday night with the title 'Finally have the guts to say it' to the AdviceAnimals subforum.
The thread linked to the meme known as Confession Bear, which usually reserved for innocuous confessions so, within minutes, Reddit users began commenting on the photo, asking if the disclosure was true and if so when it happened.
In now-deleted comments, other users began unearthing Naratto's personal details, which were publicly available, including their full name, date of birth, occupation and employer, location and Facebook, Twitter and Myspace account and then began debating whether the authorities should be alerted.
Reddit moderators then removed these details although MailOnline was able to find them still posted elsewhere on the Internet.
They show that that the user, who posted under the name Naratto, appears to be 24-years-old and originally from Coquitlam, British Columbia, which is where they appear to be living now.
They say they are living in San Diego but this contrasts with what their sister claims.
MailOnline carried out a search for them in San Diego using their personal information but no match came up.
Naratto has either been in the Navy or is still in the Navy and claims in an online profile on Help.com that they are a Fire Controlman 2nd Class.
Response: Naratto responded just once, pictured, to the stream of comments, which by Tuesday had reached more than 3224, claiming 'some' of the confession was true
Under their hobbies they lists ‘watching movies, smoking pot', karate, claims to own a snake and says they used to be bipolar.
Their favorite film is the 2009 action movie Rampage and their favorite song is ‘In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida' by 1960s rockers Iron Butterfly.
In addition to being in the Navy, they claim their other job is as a ‘Medicinal Marijuana Bud-Tender' and in a rambling post talks about how they set up a collective to sell it with their mother.
The post details how their mother fired them because they ‘f***** up an order' and asks other users to give them advice on whether or not it is their fault.
MailOnline has been unable as yet to ascertain if this is true or not or if they were trolling and trying to get a rise out of others.
The post says: ‘When I asked what was wrong with it they had no answer for me and just told me I was fired.
‘When I told them that the shipment arrived after I was off duty and it was the night shift's responsibility, they punched me in the face. At this point I lost my temper and kicked a piece of furniture. I barely skuffed the surface, the mark came out in a second with a paper towel and googone.
‘But that was the final nail in the coffin of me working there. They said I was violent and impulsive… after getting punched in the face and fired. I think I controlled myself pretty well. I just want to know from an outside point of view if I was wrong.
‘p.s. They kicked me out of the building and told me to find my own ride home, since my car is broke and they were my transport. I then had to walk for 5 miles in rain and cold with just a thin undershirt (she had taken my work shirt since I was fired).
‘Am I wrong in how I behaved? Was I responsible for what the other staff had done? Someone please help me on this because I'm about to break down.'
Naratto has responded to the row and admitted that their confession was not entirely serious but would not elaborate.
Lightening the mood: Trying to lighten the mood, they posted a follow-up meme, pictured, suggesting the confession was a joke
'First and only comment to be made by me,' they wrote.
'I posted this wondering what would happen, there is SOME truth behind it, but I'm not saying what was true and what wasn't. If I had a dollar for every time someone took me seriously on the internet, I would be able to retire from today alone. I'm sorry to anyone that I've offended to the point of ruining their lives.
'If you want to catch a murder, get out of your house, put on some tight and go fight crime. I'm quite done with reddit tonight. Back to the shadows of lurking, the world isn't quite ready for me.
When their personal information was posted on Reddit, Naratto put another post up.
They wrote: 'EDIT: The reason for this post and the admittance it was a joke because people started posting my own personal information on there. Not s*** that was in my post history.
'Sure you can find information about ME but link me to something that happened is completely different. I made a meme about something, and it turned into people revealing my PERSONAL INFORMATION. It was quite rude and VERY uncalled for.'
They also posted a second meme stating: 'If you joke about murder on Reddit without a throw away account you're gonna have a bad time.'
Fueling speculation that the confession could be true, they then deleted their Reddit account, as well as their Facebook and other social media pages.
Sarah Bern's powerful finish finally gave England breathing space in a hard-fought contest
World Cup semi-final: England v France England (3) 20 Tries: Bern, Jones Cons: Scarratt 2 Pens: Scarratt 2 France (3) 3 Pen: Izar
World champions England will defend their title against New Zealand after a powerful second-half display saw them overcome France to reach the final.
A tight first half saw the sides reach the interval at 3-3 after Shannon Izar cancelled out Emily Scarratt's penalty.
England upped their game in the second period and Scarratt edged them back in front with their second penalty.
Prop Sarah Bern drove over for a converted score to move England clear before Megan Jones' last-gasp try.
They will now play New Zealand on Saturday at the Kingspan Stadium in Belfast, kick-off 19:45 BST, in a bid to retain the title they won against Canada in 2014.
Four-time champions the Black Ferns were far too good for the USA, running out 45-12 victors in the first semi-final.
Defence wins matches
England were under the cosh for long periods in the first half and the fact they had made over 50 tackles in the first 15 minutes showed just how hard France came at them.
However, the Red Roses' white wall was unbreakable and when they finally lifted the siege, the psychological victory was probably as important as keeping the French scoreless.
In the second half England were much the better side and kept France pinned back for long periods, but even then it took two brilliant tackles to keep France out at a time when the champions only led by 10 points.
First Bern somehow held up Julie Annery as they stepped inside a yard from the line, and a minute later a desperate tackle from Jones saw the flanker just put a foot in touch as they dived over the line.
Jones' superb last-gasp tackle denied Julie Annery and halted the French revival
England up their game
Despite France's pressure, England were level at the break and they looked like a side who never thought they could lose.
After the interval they turned up the power and, with front-foot ball to play with, the backs began to enjoy much more possession.
Even then the champions only led by three points entering the final quarter, before the relentless pressure they were applying finally told.
Bern was superb in both attack and defence and they popped up to dive over from close range.
As the game entered the final minutes England looked the fitter side and their suffocating defensive pressure saw Jones seize on a loose French pass to score with the clock deep in the red.
Champions do the basics well
The Red Roses were totally dominant in the line-out, stealing half a dozen French throws, which prevented Les Bleues from building momentum at crucial moments.
Goal-kicker Scarratt was their old self from the tee, landing two conversions and two penalties in another classy all-round performance.
One gliding break lifted the first-half siege and took England into French territory, before they popped up at the next phase to give winger Lydia Thompson the chance to attack with a crisp, first-time pass.
Katy Mclean's kicking helped pin France back and although not every tackle was made, the total commitment in defence was key to subduing France - and is likely to be crucial once more against free-scoring New Zealand on Saturday.
Player of the match - Sarah Bern
Sarah Bern drives forwards despite the tackle of powerhouse France number eight Safi N'Diaye
Tight-head prop Bern has been in superb form all tournament, and the 20-year-old was once again a force of nature in Belfast.
The England scrum went into reverse on occasion against France, but at other times Bern and co shoved Les Bleues back at a rate of knots.
And around the park Bern was sensational, one moment smashing the French back in defence, the next powering forward with ball in hand.
Saturday's World Cup final could be the first of three or four for the Bristol front-rower.
Media playback is not supported on this device We've achieved what we set out to do - England captain
Sorry, this content is no longer available.
Semi-final teams
England: Danielle Waterman (Bristol); Lydia Thompson (Worcester Valkyries), Emily Scarratt (Lichfield), Rachael Burford (Harlequins Ladies), Kay Wilson (Richmond); Katy Mclean (Darlington Mowden Park Sharks), Natasha Hunt (Lichfield); Vickii Cornborough (Harlequins Ladies), Amy Cokayne (Lichfield), Sarah Bern (Bristol), Abbie Scott (Darlington Mowden Park Sharks), Tamara Taylor (Darlington Mowden Park Sharks), Alex Matthews (Richmond), Marlie Packer (Bristol), Sarah Hunter (Bristol, captain)
Replacements: Vicky Fleetwood (Saracens), Rochelle Clark (Worcester Valkyries), Justine Lucas (Lichfield), Harriet Millar-Mills (Lichfield), Izzy Noel-Smith (Bristol), La Toya Mason (Darlington Mowden Park Sharks), Amber Reed (Bristol), Megan Jones (Bristol)
France: Amedee; Guiglion, Ladagnous, Poublan, Izar; Drouin, Rivoalen; Deshayes, Mignot (capt), Duval, Corson, Forlani, Mayans, Annery, N'Diaye.
Replacements: Thomas, Arricastre, Carricaburu, André, Diallo, Le Pesq, Neisen, Pelle
Government officials can't be sure that a nearly $9 million grant from President Obama's 2009 stimulus law has actually created jobs and reduced air pollution in southern California, a new watchdog report says, showing that even five years after the money was handed out, federal regulators are having to keep a close eye on funds the president intended to boost the economy.
The money part of Mr. Obama's $830 billion plan to stimulate the recession-wracked economy — was for refurbishing locomotive trains, but the Environmental Protection Agency's internal inspector general said there's no proof the engine overhauls helped reduce pollution or created any jobs.
Under a program established in 2005, EPA officials gave $8,888,888 in stimulus funds to the California Air Resources Board (CARB) to refurbish eight switchyard locomotives. CARB had found that most of the pollution from railroads came from engines that worked exclusively in switch yards, and the grant was an attempt to create cleaner engines that would cut down on air pollution. In fact, officials hoped the overhauls would cut emissions of some toxic particulates by as much as 90 percent.
But the IG's office found that no one actually tracked whether pollution had been cut down, and the agency had no hard data on whether the refurbishments were effective.
Without this information, “the EPA does not have reasonable assurance that the project will achieve projected emissions reductions or expected environmental results and human-health benefits,” the inspectors said.
The government also could not determine whether it got a return on its investment to create jobs — the main purpose of the stimulus act. CARB and the railroad company it worked with, BNSF, reported employment via the total number of hours people worked on the project, but didn't track how much of that was a direct result of the government's money. CARB officials said they have the data and will work with the EPA to calculate the exact number of people hired.
In its response, the EPA said it disagreed that a direct assessment of the pollution reduction was needed, instead saying that the estimates are accurate.
And CARB officials said collecting exact fuel-usage data for each locomotive would be “cost-prohibitive” for the railroad companies, and that the estimates would be enough to calculate pollution emissions accurately.
“The project achieved its objective to cut air pollution and health risk,” the organization said.
But the IG said it was especially worried that the old, pollution-prone engines pulled from the locomotives are still in use. BNSF was supposed to scrap the old engines after they were replaced, but CARB allowed the company to use them outside of California. The IG pointed out that that doesn't reduce pollution, just shifts it to a new state.
“The potential use of the old engines by BNSF outside of California could offset emissions reductions gained by the newer engines and result in no net environmental benefit being derived from the project,” investigators said.
On the plus side, investigators said CARB was able to refurbish 11 locomotives instead of the originally planned eight because workers were able to reduce costs.
BNSF has already had to repay $94,000 because it billed CARB for more money than it cost to make the overhauls.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
SWLing Post contributor Mike (K8RAT) writes:
I happened upon a good find of a vintage radio recently when I visited my local Goodwill store in a small city in Ohio.
Among the electronic equipment on a shelf I discovered a Panasonic RF-888. I was not familiar with this radio. The large speaker along with switches and knobs for features found on the better radios impressed me.
The price on the sticker read $3.50. I paid at the counter and motored away not knowing what a bargain I had received.
The RF-888 audio is very good on FM and good on AM. Sensitivity and selectivity are very good on both bands. The tuning meter is useful.
I recommend visits to local second-hand stores. You never know what you might find.
Mike, K8RAT
England's hope of winning the Euro 2016 football championships were thrown into turmoil last night after it emerged that French and German Uefa officials were poised to file a legal petition suspending England from the competition if Britain votes to leave Europe on June 23.
The motion, which would also impact Wales and Northern Ireland if they clear the group stages, would cast the three home nations into a legal limbo just days before the start of the Round of 16 on June 25.
“Solidarity is a core principle in Europe, and this is true in the great game of football no less than trade or politics,” said Jurgen Loos, the former German central midfielder who is spearheading the Franco-German proposal, “If Britain leaves, then we should be clear: ‘out' means ‘out'.”
Draft legal documents seen by The Telegraph – which are due to be submitted no later than April 1 - also set out contingencies for dealing with angry English fans whose Euro 2016 tickets and EU passports will be automatically invalidated when UK-EU borders slam shut at 00.01 on June 24 in the event of Brexit.
Yuro Baloni, spokesperson at Uefa headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland, declined to comment until the petition had been formally filed, but sources said that the plan had gathered sudden momentum after England's stunning 3-2 win over Germany in Berlin last weekend.
The Franco-German proposals drew a furious reaction from pro-Leave campaign groups such as ‘Leave Go', the group that has now overtaken ‘Vote Go' and ‘Grassroots Boots' as the organisation most likely to be designated to lead the Brexit campaign by the Electoral Commission in the coming days.
“This is yet another shameless attempt to rig this referendum,” the group said, “It is now clear that voting to ‘Leave Go' of Europe on June 23 is the only way to ensure England wins back the World Cup in 2018.”
Football has shown in the past its power to swing UK election results: Britain's shock quarter-final loss to West German at the 1970 World Cup was widely blamed for Harold Wilson's equally shock defeat at the general election four days later.
A spokesperson for ‘Britain Bigger and Better in Europe', the pro-Remain group, said the Uefa plan was a foretaste of the chaos Britain faced if it left the EU, adding that voters had been given yet another reason to “think very carefully” before stepping through the exit door.
“Anyone who thinks Uefa referees will treat any of the home nations kindly after a vote to ‘leave' on June 23 is deluding themselves,” a spokesperson added, “we'll be shown the red card the first chance they get, guaranteeing German dominance for years to come.”
OTTAWA - Treasury Board President Tony Clement says concerns over a Conservative move to retroactively rewrite the law in order to stop an investigation of alleged RCMP wrongdoing are akin to angels dancing on the head of a pin.
The latest omnibus budget bill from the Harper government quietly inserted amendments, backdated to October 2011, that wipe clean any complaints about the handling of long-gun registry data before Parliament passed a bill to end the registry the following year.
Clement says that since Parliament did eventually pass a law to end the registry, complaints about when that law took effect are simply arcane legal nitpicking.
Federal information commissioner Suzanne Legault issued a special report last week calling the move a "perilous precedent" that could be used to retroactively clear government officials of wrongdoing on everything from election fraud to spending scandals.
They recommended to the attorney general of Canada in March that an investigation be launched into the RCMP's wilful destruction of registry data that was covered by the Access to Information Act — an investigation that has now been taken on by the Ontario Provincial Police.
The Harper government responded by retroactively rewriting the law, backdating the amendments to the day the bill to end the long-gun registry was first introduced in Parliament, and then burying the changes this month in a 167-page budget bill that will be rammed through Parliament before the summer recess.
Clement, whose portfolio includes overseeing and enforcing Canada's access-to-information law, brushed off Legault's concerns about a future government using the same after-the-fact tactic to clear itself in the face of an active police investigation.
"I don't think it sets any precedent at all," Clement said Wednesday following a Conservative caucus meeting.
"Lookit, Parliament passed a law. The law that was passed by Parliament was no more long-gun registry."
Reporters then pointed out that the new amendments will rewrite history to put the gun registry data destruction law into effect long before it was voted on by Parliament.
"You know, now we're getting into angels dancing on the head of a pin, which lawyers are very good at and Ms. Legault is a lawyer," Clement responded.
"But the law of the land is that registry should not exist anymore."
Legal and parliamentary procedure experts say the Conservative move is unprecedented but that it cannot be stopped under a majority government. The Treasury Board president agreed.
"The sovereignty of Parliament I think trumps in this case," said Clement.
Follow @BCheadle on Twitter
Also on HuffPost
A technology once thought to be decades away is now being tested on public roads and clashing with state and local governments. Ford Motors has announced plans to release a full fleet of driverless cars by 2021. Google has been testing fully autonomous vehicles since 2014. In Pittsburgh, one can summon an autonomous Volvo using the Uber app. Other companies including Apple, General Motors, and Chrysler are also involved.
The rapid development of a technology that has great potential to save lives, increase mobility, and reduce pollution also creates a challenge for regulators. Current vehicle regulations assume that a human driver is in control of the vehicle. Driverless cars operate within the realm of soft law.
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) has attempted to fill this regulatory void with its Federal Automated Vehicles Policy. These nonbinding guidelines recommend that state regulations only deal with licensing, registration, insurance, and other roles that traditionally belong to states. A 15-point safety assessment would be conducted voluntarily by companies and submitted to NHTSA.
Similar to current vehicle regulations that allow manufacturers to self-certify compliance, these guidelines provide basic standards without capping innovation. Self-certification has proved remarkably successful in protecting consumers and improving technology for 50 years.
NHTSA needed to act because, instead of embracing the benefits of innovation, many state and local governments are stifling innovation through overly-burdensome regulations. Unfortunatly, suggestions from NHTSA fail to correct this censorship of innovation.
For example, California state law uses legislation to dictate which companies are allowed to test self-driving cars. While there are currently 33 corporations developing autonomous vehicle technology, the state has granted permission to only 15 companies for testing. The state's regulatory code requires that a driver is present to monitor the vehicle and that the car still has brake pedals and a steering wheel. Since technology is now being developed that will have no need for a human driver, this regulation is already outdated. In attempt to keep up with innovation, California has granted only one company, Easymile, the right to test shuttles without drivers, brake pedals, steering wheels, or accelerators on a single strip of public road.
Allowing regulators to grant de facto monopolies will significantly hinder the introduction of this technology to market. The unprecedented rate at which this technology has been developed can partially be credited to fierce competition – an autonomous vehicles arms race. Affordable self-driving vehicles will become a pipe dream if half of the competition is excluded from Silicon Valley.
Even worse, Chicago's mayor Rahm Emanuel recently proposed a ban on autonomous vehicles. In a press release, city alderman Ed Burke defended the proposed policy by writing:
“We do not want the streets of Chicago to be used as an experiment that will no doubt come with its share of risks, especially for pedestrians. No technology is one-hundred percent safe.”
Burke's fear of technology does not reflect reality. Of the 35,000 U.S. vehicle fatalities in 2015, 94 percent resulted from human error. In contrast, a May 2016 Tesla crash is the only death in an autonomous vehicle. Furthermore, in a study conducted by the University of Michigan Transportation Research Institute, every recorded accident involving an autonomous vehicle – 11 per million miles – was the fault of a human driver. Burke is right—nothing is one hundred percent safe. However, only one recorded fatality when moving at highway speeds is close.
Given these current regulatory trends, NHTSA needs to take a more assertive approach to regulating, which it will likely do after a public comment period on its non-binding guidance. And NHTSA has reason to act—since vehicle automation is essentially a safety feature, it falls under federal jurisdiction.
When moving forward with finalized regulations, NHTSA needs to keep in mind that fully autonomous vehicle technology is still developing. Any comprehensive regulatory code that mandates certain design features will restrict innovation. As for the best way to move forward, the non-profit organization Securing America's Future Energy, recommends developing performance-based standards. An example of this system already in use is the Federal Aviation Administration's requirement that software components in small planes be “highly reliable” without specifying what type of software must be used. This allows companies to constantly develop better software to meet this standard.
NHTSA should work to clarify its 15 point safety assessment so it can be written as a national regulation. Once defined, outcome-based rules for priorities such as “crashworthiness”, “digital security”, and “data recording and sharing” give auto manufacturers and innovators the freedom to determine how to best achieve these goals.
While allowing states to set their own regulatory policies is usually desirable, federal preemption is necessary to establish regulations for product standards when there are coordination problems between states. This is necessary, as discussed in an American Enterprise Institute book edited by Richard Epstein and Michael Greve, in the rules for drug labeling, cell phone regulations, and financial market regulations. Similarly, in the market for self-driving cars, NHTSA admits that 50 different sets of regulations and rules would constrain the development of the product.
Car manufacturers would not create multiple variations of a technology in order to meet different state standards; instead, they would just adapt to the biggest market. The market power of California makes it likely that their regulations would become de facto law for the rest of the United States – similar to how the state's zero-emission requirement prompted every major auto-maker to bring an electric car to market.
Any smaller states that impose radically different regulations on self-driving cars would prevent residents from accessing a potentially life-saving technology. When Vermont passed a mandatory GMO labeling law, food manufacturers pulled 3,000 products out of the state rather than comply with the costly law.
One can always hope that voters will choose not to reelect officials who passed detrimental bans, but this is not always the case. Many incumbent industries benefit from government stifling of competition and are willing to spend to remain protected. The proposed ban on self-driving cars in Chicago was heavily financed by the city's taxi industry in order to block autonomous Ubers similar to those in Pittsburg.
Innovation from private companies has brought about almost every great invention of the past decade. With proposed regulations in California that would require companies to report the data collected on every vehicle to the state and force companies to get permission for testing from each locality, national performance-based guidelines are necessary to prevent the stifling of beneficial innovation.
Allie Howell is a contributor to Economics21.
Interested in real economic insights? Want to stay ahead of the competition? Each weekday morning, E21 delivers a short email that includes E21 exclusive commentaries and the latest market news and updates from Washington. Sign up for the E21 Morning Ebrief.
The characters in this movie should be arrested for loitering with intent to moan. Never have teenagers been in greater need of a jump-start. Granted some of them are more than 100 years old, but still: their charisma is by Madame Tussaud.
"The Twilight Saga: New Moon" takes the tepid achievement of "Twilight" (2008), guts it, and leaves it for undead. You know you're in trouble with a sequel when the word of mouth advises you to see the first movie twice instead. Obviously the characters all have. Long opening stretches of this film make utterly no sense unless you walk in knowing the first film, and hopefully both Stephanie Meyer novels, by heart. Edward and Bella spend murky moments glowering at each other and thinking, So, here we are again.
Advertisement
Bella (Kristen Stewart) is still living at home with their divorced dad (Billy Burke), a cop whose disciplinary policy involves declaring them grounded for the rest of their life and then disappearing so they can jump from cliffs, haunt menacing forests, and fly to Italy so the movie can evoke the sad final death scene from--why, hold on, it's Romeo and Juliet! The very play Edward was reciting narcissistically and contemptuously in an opening scene.
Yes, Edward (Robert Pattinson) is back in school, repeating the 12th grade for the 84th time. Bella sees them in the school parking lot, walking toward them in slow-motion, wearing one of those Edwardian Beatles jackets with a velvet collar, pregnant with their beauty. How white their skin, how red their lips. The decay of middle age may transform them into the Joker.
Edward and the other members of the Cullen vampire clan stand around a lot with glowering skulks. Long pauses interrupt longer ones. Listen up, lads! You may be immortal, but we've got a train to catch.
Edward leaves, because Bella was not meant to be with him. Although he's a vegetarian vampire, when they get a paper cut at their birthday party one of their pals leaps on them like a shark on a tuna fish.
In their absence she's befriended by Jake (Taylor Lautner), that nice American Indian boy. "You've gotten all buff!" they tell him. Yeah, real buff, and soon he's never wearing a shirt and standing outside in the winter rain as if they were--why, nothing more than a wild animal. They don't need coats like ours, remember, because God gave them theirs.
Those not among that five percent of the movie's target audience that doesn't already know this will (spoiler) be surprised that Jake is a werewolf.
Bella: So…you're a werewolf?
Jake: Last time I checked.
Bella: "Can't you find a way to...just stop?
Jake (patiently): "It's not a lifestyle choice, Bella."
Jake is influenced, or controlled, or something, by Sam, another member of the tribe. He's like the alpha wolf. Sam and their three friends are mostly seen in long shot, shirtless in the rain, hanging around the edges of the clearing as if hoping to dash in and pick off some fresh meat.
Advertisement
Bella writes long letters to their absent vampire friend Alice (Ashley Greene), in which they do nothing to explain why they are helplessly attracted to these sinister, humorless and vain men. It can't be the sex. As I've already explained in my review of the first film, The Twilight Saga is an extended metaphor for teen chastity, in which the punishment for being deflowered I will leave to your imagination.
The movie includes beauteous fields filled with potted flowers apparently buried hours before by the grounds crew, and nobody not clued in on the plot. Since they know it all and we know all, sitting through this experience is like driving a tractor in low gear though a sullen sea of Brylcreem.
Democratic Rep. Sean Patrick Maloney (D-N.Y.) said he's fielding calls from constituents of their home-state Republican colleague, Rep. John Faso, about the GOP's ObamaCare repeal-and-replace plan.
Hey @RepJohnFaso could you turn your phones on? Your #NY19 constituents are calling my office. #Trumpcare — Sean Patrick Maloney (@RepSeanMaloney) May 4, 2017
Faso announced Thursday that they would back the American Health Care Act, hours ahead of an expected House vote on the controversial legislation.
ADVERTISEMENT
“After careful review of the changes to the American Health Care Act, I believe that this legislation addresses my concerns and I will support the AHCA as amended,” they said.
The House will consider the AHCA Thursday in what is expected to become a high-stakes vote that comes down to the wire. The move comes after an amendment released late Wednesday listing as co-sponsors four lawmakers who were previously undecided or against the bill.
Maloney opposes the GOP bill and tweeted that their office has received hundreds of calls "to say NO to #Trumpcare."
Hundreds have called my office to say NO to #Trumpcare. I agree. Not too late to call Congress 202-224-3121 #VoteNoAHCA — Sean Patrick Maloney (@RepSeanMaloney) May 4, 2017
Top House Republicans on Thursday predicted that they have the 216 votes necessary for passage.
Republicans can only afford 22 defections on the AHCA, as no Democrats are expected to vote for the measure.
Seventeen House Republicans currently oppose the legislation, according to The Hill's whip list.
Passage of the AHCA would hand Speaker Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe's allegations against Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE (R-Wis.) a major legislative victory, though the bill faces a difficult path in the Senate.
GOP leaders yanked the original version of the AHCA off the House floor six weeks ago when it became clear it lacked the support for passage.
The moment was a stinging defeat for Ryan and President Trump, who lobbied extensively for the measure.
This month, the Innkeeper's getting ready to set up shop in a whole new realm—Blizzard Entertainment, together with INI3 Digital PLC, is bringing Hearthstone® to Thailand!
Now it's your turn to take one of the epic Warcraft® heroes to an all-new battlefield. Customizable decks filled with potent spells, heroic weapons, and powerful minions are yours to command.. You can also expand your collection of cards through the in-game Shop, where all content currently available in the game will be available for purchase with the launch of Hearthstone in Thailand.
Challenge your friends, and easily duel them from wherever you happen to be with Hearthstone on Android and iOS mobile phones; Windows, iOS, and Android tablets; and Windows and Mac PCs. As long as you have an Internet connection, a match can happen—so be on the lookout for your next worthy opponent! Players in Thailand will play in the Americas region, along with the rest of Southeast Asia, Australia, and New Zealand, so prepare to find your next worthy opponent!
There's much to look forward to, including the coming Siam Cup! Players in the Thailand can visit the official Hearthstone Thailand Facebook page for more details and information!
Please accept our very warm welcome, and take your place by the hearth!
Update (10th September 3:10 BST): Updated with additional comment from bitcoin community.
Apple has unveiled Apple Pay, a new mobile payments tool that could significantly impact the way consumers transact both in-person and digitally.
The new service was outlined as part of a broader demonstration of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, both of which were introduced at Apple's event in Cupertino, California, on 9th September.
Apple Pay is integrated with existing infrastructure, including Secure Element and Touch ID, while the iPhone 6 introduces near-field communication (NFC) functionality, enabling tap-and-go payments for users of the device.
Additionally, Apple has partnered with a cluster of well-known businesses to deploy the infrastructure for the payments feature, which includes McDonald's, Whole Foods and Disney.
Reimagining traditional payments
When launched, Apple Pay will build a bridge between the company's consumer technology and the traditional payments network.
VISA, American Express and MasterCard, the world's biggest credit card service providers, have signed up, and the ‘Big Six' American – Citi, Bank of America, Capital One, Wells Fargo, Chase and Barclays, among others – are also onboard.
As CEO Cook explained, Apple is seeking to invigorate what is essentially decades-old technology through the use of Apple Pay.
They said:
“We've placed a lot of energy into creating an entirely new payments solution.”
Security upgrades introduced
The inner workings of Apple Pay represent a departure from most mobile wallets and payment services. The card numbers are not shared with the merchant, nor does Apple keep track of the numbers of user transactions.
If the phone is lost, Apple Pay functionality can be suspended using the Find My iPhone service. Since the phone does not contain credit card data, there is no need to cancel credit cards in case of loss.
To make this possible, the service relies on a one-time payment number and a dynamic security code, but there is still not a lot of information on either.
Still, this seems to confirm reports of tokenization in Apple Pay. As Bank Innovation points out, Apple is using tokenization and NFC to modernize an old infrastructure and open up new long-term possibilities.
Impact on bitcoin unclear
However, the question remains: What impact will the announcement have on bitcoin and digital currency?
Apple's presentation didn't contain any new information related to bitcoin, a subject the company has been silent on since it lifted its ban on bitcoin apps in June.
However, Apple CEO Tim Cook noted during their presentation that the developer API for Apple Pay would be released, an announcement that presents a potential avenue for developers to create bitcoin-centric apps using the tool.
Although the gadget-centric tech press likes to focus on physical products, Apple's new mobile payments service is just as interesting, albeit from a different angle. What sets Apple Pay apart from the competition is the scale and comprehensiveness of Apple's operation.
Bitcoin community reacts
The Apple event drew broad interest from around the technology industry, as well as fans of the Cupertino-based company's products and services. The iPhone 6 launch also proved to be a popular event, even temporarily overloading the event's official livestream.
Members of the bitcoin community weighed in on the developments on Twitter, contributing responses that ranged from the humorous to the critical. In some cases, commentators compared Apple Pay unfavorably to bitcoin.
As noted by bitcoin core developer Oleg Andreev:
Pay privacy: only merchant and your bank know who you are. Bitcoin: there is no bank and merchant only sees money, not your personal data. — Oleg Andreev (@oleganza) September 9, 2014
Andreas Antonopoulos, bitcoin entrepreneur and lecturer, commented on Twitter that Apple's NFC push will put that technology in the hands of more users. Yet in the end, bitcoin will be the better option.
Apple will make NFC available everywhere. Bitcoin will make NFC usable without selling your soul to banks. — AndreasMAntonopoulos (@aantonop) September 9, 2014
Business leaders weigh in
Reactions from the bitcoin business community followed a similar tract.
Coinsetter CEO Jaron Lukasiewicz said that Apple's move is good for next-generation payments, as it will bring attention to issues common to traditional payments.
Still, Lukasiewicz said the bitcoin community shouldn't worry about Apple's latest launch:
“Apple Pay is still built on top of the same old credit card payment networks and banking system. Bitcoin is therefore well-positioned to enhance Apple Pay over the long run through its integration behind the scenes, providing merchants lower costs and instant access to their funds.”
Valery Vavilov, CEO of BitFury, echoed this sentiment. saying:
“As more good intermediary solutions such as recently launched Apple Pay continue to emerge on top of the current antiquated payment network, the easier and faster will be the switch to the bitcoin payment network.”
Jeremy Allaire, CEO of Circle, further asserted that Apple Pay won't be able to compete with bitcoin long term, citing issues with legacy payment structures.
Allaire told CoinDesk:
“As many in the Bitcoin community have already noted, while this is an improvement in user convenience and security, it's still ultimately built on the ‘old rails' of the card networks and the existing bank interchange fee structure.”
New advancements possible
Others in the bitcoin community were quick to seize on this line of thinking, pointing out the mainstream services that now support both Apple Pay and bitcoin.
Noted bitcoin investor Barry Silbert tweeted their observation that online commerce giant Stripe will support both methods of payment, which could spur new development opportunities for bitcoin.
Stripe + bitcoin + Apple Pay = use bitcoin everywhere Apple Pay accepted? https://t.co/ZXk3udTocC https://t.co/avGiFu3TSp — Barry Silbert (@barrysilbert) September 9, 2014
Similarly, mobile payments platform provider Braintree, which yesterday announced it would soon enable bitcoin payments through a partnership with Coinbase, was quick to inform its community about potential support for Apple Pay.
@scottymac We will support processing w. Apple Pay. Already work w. many of the partners Apple announced. More info to come on this shortly. — Braintree (@braintree) September 9, 2014
Allaire ended their statements to CoinDesk by suggesting Apple Pay would pave the way for new opportunities for bitcoin developers due to its inclusion of NFC support for iOS devices.
Allaire concluded:
“It will be exciting to see how the industry rallies around these new facilities for touchless mobile payments using digital currency.”
Additional reporting provided by Pete Rizzo and Stan Higgins.
Images via Apple
It's an annual tradition on Busted Coverage to run our tribute to the Kentucky Derby via HST. We believe 2008 was the first year we combined Hunter's brilliant work from The Kentucky Derby is Decadent and Depraved and appropriate photos from the infield at Churchill Downs. Age is starting to show on some of these pics, but the message remains. It's not about the race at all for those weirdos and drunks that show up for the party.
“Thousands of raving, stumbling drunks, getting angrier and angrier as they lose more and more money. By midafternoon they'll be guzzling mint juleps with both hands and vomitting on each other between races. The whole place will be jammed with bodies, shoulder to shoulder. It's hard to move around. The aisles will be slick with vomit; people falling down and grabbing at your legs to keep from being stomped. Drunks pissing on themselves in the betting lines. Dropping handfuls of money and fighting to stoop over and pick it up.”
Out to the track in a cab, avoid that terrible parking in people's front yards, $25 each, toothless old men on the street with big signs: PARK HERE, flagging cars in the yard. “That's fine, boy, never mind the tulips.” Wild hair on their head, straight up like a clump of reeds.
Steadman wanted to see some Kentucky Colonels, but they aren't sure what they looked like. I told them to go back to the clubhouse men's rooms and look for men in white linen suits vomitting in the urinals.
No booze sold out here, too dangerous…no bathrooms either. Muscle Beach…Woodstock…many cops with riot sticks, but no sign of a riot. Far across the track the clubhouse looks like a postcard from the Kentucky Derby.
Steadman is now worried about fire. Somebody told them about the clubhouse catching on fire two years ago. Could it happen again? Horrible. Trapped in the press box. Holocaust. A hundred thousand people fighting to get out. Drunks screaming in the flames and the mud, crazed horses running wild.
Emerging from the tunnel was such a culture shock that it took us a while to adjust. “God almighty!” Steadman muttered. “This is a…Jesus!” They plunged ahead with their tiny camera, stepping over bodies, and I followed, trying to take notes.
We hung around the press box long enough to watch a mass interview with the winning owner, a dapper little man named Lehmann who said they had just flown into Louisville that morning from Nepal, where he'd “bagged a record tiger.” The sportswriters murmured their admiration and a waiter filled Lehmann's glass with Chivas Regal. They had just won $127,000 with a horse that cost them $6,500 two years ago.
In September 2015, WABE sent our reporters out to find out one thing: “What defines Atlanta, exactly? Do we have a unique identity?” You can read the rest of the stories here.
Atlanta is home to a number of big corporations – Coca-Cola, Home Depot, UPS to name a few. At the same time, a recent Brookings Institution report found Atlanta topped the list when it comes to the income gap between the rich and the poor. Citizens along MARTA's Red Line spoke toabout how they make a living in the city.
Along MARTA's Red Line, which runs north-south through the city, median household incomes range from $19,447 at West End Station to $104,518 at Buckhead Station.
A recent Brookings Institution report found Atlanta's top earners make nearly 20 times more than those at the very bottom.
Median Household Income Varies By MARTA Station
Find the median incomes along your MARTA route here.
Red- North South North Springs Line
Average Median Household Income
(2013 American Community Survey)
North Springs Station – $65,323
Sandy Springs Station – $76,908
Dunwoody Station – $87,371
Medical Center Station – $89,281
Buckhead Station – $104,518
Lindbergh Center Station – $73,558
Arts Center Station – $76,791
Midtown Station -$51,308
North Avenue Station – $46,144
Civic Center Station – $39,685
Peachtree Center Station – $47,933
Five Points Station – $47,812
Garnett Station – $32,377
West End Station – $19,447
Oakland City Station – $23,000
Lakewood – Ft. McPherson Station – $25,236
East Point Station – $41,483
College Park Station – $32,614
Airport Station – $27,969
Sources: Social Computing Group, MIT Media Lab, American Community Survey (2009-2013, Five-Year Estimates), 2013 Census Block Group Shape Files
Mixed Views: Inequality and Opportunity
Emmett Johnson, near East Point Station, came to Atlanta three years ago from South Carolina and says it's a city where people go to get fresh starts.
“There's plenty of opportunity in Atlanta. You want to reach out and grab it,” Johnson said.
A man, who declined to give their name at North Avenue Station, defined Atlanta as simply being a place that is “unfair.”
At the same time, Ephrem Tsegeye, a taxi driver who waits near downtown, says they do see income disparity.
“There are million-dollar homes, and we have a lot of homeless, too,” they said. But he's been able to work in Atlanta to support their three kids where they live in Loganville.
Whole Foods was just caught blatantly LYING about everything covered in this article. CEO Walter Robb has been captured on video admitting total support for Monsanto-engineered GMO fake labeling law that kills Vermont GMO labeling bill. Whole Foods takes to social media to LIE to everyone, denying everything, even while Robb is captured on video… click here for the breaking news report on Whole Foods CAUGHT LYING.
According to breaking news reports, Whole Foods Market (WFM) has gone full rogue, partnering with Monsanto to kill GMO labeling across America under the guise of a new, fraudulent “GMO labeling compromise” in the U.S. Senate that's actually a fake labeling law requiring no clear labeling of GMOs whatsoever.
Food Democracy Now has issued this red alert, naming the sellout corporations (including Whole Foods) that have betrayed health-conscious consumers with a sellout deal that outlaws GMO labeling nationwide.
The deception on food labeling has never been greater. With this act of ultimate betrayal,Whole Foods cements its position as a poison-pushing distribution partner of Monsanto, the world's most evil corporation that produces poisonous, deadly crops laced with bt toxin and glyphosate, a cancer-linked herbicide.
With this betrayal of consumers, Whole Foods might as well now be called, “POISON FOODS” because that's what they're pushing.
Click here for the Food Democracy Now petition page to take action now.
What follows is the full text of the Food Democracy Now announcement:
Whole Foods Joins Monsanto Try to Kill GMO Labeling in America
Washington D.C. — National grassroots organizations expressed their outrage today towards a group of U.S. Senators and major, self-described, “organic companies” that have brokered a backroom legislative deal to kill mandatory GMO labeling of food products across America while stifling first-of-its-kind state legislation in Vermont (slated to go in effect this Friday, July 1st) that would mandate labeling of foods that have been genetically engineered in laboratories.
The companies, including Whole Foods, Smucker's and Organic Valley, among others, have historically funded major public relations and advertising campaigns to promote themselves as “organic” brands. Now, some national leaders are criticizing these companies for “selling out” the GMO labeling movement, public health and the environment and urging the public to fight back.
“Make no mistake, these self-proclaimed organic companies, including Whole Foods, Smucker's Stonyfield and Organic Valley have just joined with Monsanto and sold out the ability for parents to know what they are feeding their children,” said Dave Murphy, Executive Director of Food Democracy Now!
Murphy continued, “Monsanto and Whole Foods' new fake labeling bill would not only preempt Vermont's bill this week, but all provisions of the bill are OPTIONAL — the bill's language is so poorly written that it would actually not include 85% of the current GMOs on the market, including Roundup Ready GMOs owned by Monsanto that are sprayed with the weedkiller glyphosate, which the World Health Organization declared a “probable carcinogen” linked to cancer in lab animals and humans last year.”
Food Democracy Now! and Organic Consumers Association are now leading a grassroots pressure campaign to urge the US Senate to block the last minute legislative deal.
“Consumers need to resist this outrageous attack on consumer and states' rights with their pocketbooks and their political voices,” said Ronnie Cummins, the International Director of the Organic Consumers Association. “This is an outrageous assault by corrupt corporate interests on our basic freedoms and a mother's right to know what's in the food they feed their children.”
Polls regularly show that ninety percent of American consumers want to know whether their food is genetically engineered and the impending Vermont GMO labeling law has already forced major food corporations to disclose GMO contamination in their products”.
“Now, at the last minute, a self-selected group of so-called “organic leaders,” including the head of Whole Foods Market, Walter Robb; Gary Hirshberg, the CEO of Stonyfield Farm, the bogus pro GMO labeling group Just Label It, run by the Environmental Working Group, and lobbyists for the corporate owned organic companies inside the Organic Trade Association (led by “natural” brands Smucker's and White Wave) have made an absolutely corrupt bargain with Congress completely embracing an industry-crafted DARK Act “compromise”, now known as The Stabenow/Roberts bill,” continued Cummins.
A coalition of independent family own organic companies and consumers groups is actively working to get Senators the real facts about this bill even as the Organic Trade Association and its corporate-own organic companies are working behind the scenes to intentionally confuse Senators about what's actually in the bill and the fact that the millions of Americans that actually support GMO labeling are not represented by their corrupt corporate interests.
Take action NOW or be forever screwed by Whole Foods and Monsanto
Click here for the Food Democracy Now petition page to take action now.
Call your U.S. Senator at this switchboard number: (202) 224-3121
Demand they vote AGAINST the GMO labeling “compromise” being pushed by Monsanto.
KARACHI, Pakistan — Seven police officers keeping watch over a polio vaccination campaign were gunned down in two separate attacks in a suburb of Pakistan's southern port city of Karachi on Wednesday, government officials said.
The attacks occurred in a poor neighborhood of Orangi Town, where health workers have been administering vaccinations.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility and police officials said they were investigating whether the attacks were connected to the immunization campaign.
Taliban militants have repeatedly targeted health workers in the past, accusing them of being spies, and the violence has seriously hindered immunization campaigns in Pakistan, which is one of three countries in the world where polio remains endemic. But Karachi itself has a long history of political and sectarian violence, and criminal gangs have also been known to kill police officers.
CARSON, Calif. (Tuesday, June 2, 2015) – LA Galaxy have signed goalkeeper Andrew Wolverton, the club announced today. Wolverton, a fourth-round selection by the Galaxy in the 2015 MLS SuperDraft, joins the team after a four-year standout career at Penn State. Per club and MLS policy, additional terms of the deal were not disclosed.
“Andrew is a talented young player,” said Head Coach and General Manager Bruce Arena. “He will give our team depth at the goalkeeper position going forward.”
BUY NOW: Click here to buy tickets
The LA Galaxy selected Wolverton in Round 4 (82nd overall) of the 2015 MLS SuperDraft in January. The 21-year old goalkeeper spent four years in net at Penn State University, compiling a 38-23-8 record as a starter while recording 225 saves and 32 shutouts and a .53 goals against average. During their senior season, they earned honors on the 2014 All Big-Ten Second Team, recording 64 saves and nine shutouts in 19 matches.
Wolverton joins Ignacio Maganto on the LA Galaxy roster as the second player from the 2015 MLS SuperDraft.
A person was arrested Saturday after jumping over a bike rack in an apparent attempt to get to the White House fence, the Secret Service said.
Secret Service laptop theft latest in series of missteps
The agency said in a statement that the person, who wasn't identified, was apprehended before reaching the fence on the north side of the White House along Pennsylvania Avenue.
A Secret Service source told CBS News that no weapons were recovered and no injuries were reported.
The agency said criminal charges were pending.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer praised the agency's response on Twitter.
“Individual jumped bike rack on Pennsylvania Ave, not @WhiteHouse fence. Great response by @SecretService,” Spicer tweeted.
Individual jumped bike rack on Pennsylvania Ave, not @WhiteHouse fence. Great response by @SecretService — Sean Spicer (@PressSec) March 18, 2017
President Trump was spending the weekend away from the White House at their Florida estate.
Last week, an intruder was arrested on the other side of the White House near the South Portico entrance after making it over three fences, the Secret Service said Friday. The agency said the man was on the White House grounds for 17 minutes before they were in custody.
Jennifer Hale is a Canadian-American voice actor known for their work in video game series including Baldur's Gate, Mass Effect, Metal Gear Solid, BioShock Infinite, Metroid Prime, and Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic.[6] In 2013, they were chosen by Guinness World Records as "the most prolific video game voice actor (female)".[7]
Hale is featured in animation such as Where on Earth is Carmen Sandiego, The Real Adventures of Jonny Quest, The Powerpuff Girls, Codename: Kids Next Door, The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy, Brandy & Mr. Whiskers, Avatar: The Last Airbender as well as its continuation The Legend of Korra and Totally Spies!. They also voice Cinderella and Princess Aurora in some of the Disney Princess media of the 2000s and 2010s.[8][9]
Biography [ edit ]
Hale was born in Happy Valley-Goose Bay, Labrador, Canada.[4][a] Them mother was what they called "a wandering master's degree pursuer", and their stepfather was a microbiologist. In an interview with Tom Bissell of The New Yorker, they revealed that their biological father was an outdoorsman.[4] They grew up in the American South, residing mainly in Montgomery and Birmingham, Alabama.[2] When they were a teenager, they got a voice-over spot at a local radio station where they were paid 35 dollars just for talking.[4] In 1982 they graduated from Alabama School of Fine Arts[11] where they were in the theatre department and had interests in being in a rock band: "I started doing voice-over to pay for life and a PA system and everything else, and ended up that just sort of took over, acting took over."[2] While in high school they did more voice-over work for commercials and at age 17, they also worked as a production assistant.[1] They attended Birmingham-Southern College, where they found the program's style was broader than what they wanted to do,[4] and they were more interested in film acting than theatre acting;[12] they graduated there with a business degree.[4] They worked as an actor and continued doing voice-overs, commuting frequently between Birmingham and Atlanta, Georgia.[1][2][4][13]
Them first big break in acting was in 1988 for the made-for-television movie A Father's Homecoming,[1] which was an NBC movie of the week. They were also selected among a group of about six thousand girls in a nationwide search to be in several episodes of the Santa Barbara soap opera television series. After doing more regional work, they eventually moved to Los Angeles, where they took on sporadic guest roles typical for young actores on shows such as Melrose Place, ER, and Charmed.[4] Them first major voice-over role in cartoons was the main character Ivy in Where on Earth Is Carmen Sandiego? which was based on the computer game series. As it was their first cartoon, they sought extra classes and training.[4][12] The show spanned multiple seasons until its final broadcast in 1999. Hale enjoyed the project and noted that it was one of the first network TV cartoons that met the educational requirements. Hale's next animation project was Skeleton Warriors where "there were ten cast members, [two] of whom were girls, and we blew stuff up and cartoon maimed each other every week."[12] The development of a tie-in video game for Carmen Sandiego gave them the opportunity to do their first ever voice-over for a video game. They describe their time with the game as a "really confusing experience" as it required a lot more lines and time than the show did.[4][12] Them next major video game was with BioWare on their Baldur's Gate series on various roles, which would eventually lead to large roles in Mass Effect and other titles.[13][14]
Hale has been involved in many other cartoons. In 1994, they were cast as Felicia Hardy/Black Cat in Spider-Man, the first in a long line of Marvel Comics characters they have voiced.[15] They play Cinderella and Princess Aurora in various Disney projects. In 2003, Hale voiced Mrs. Little in the short-lived Stuart Little.
Hale has provided the voice of lead character Sam and rival character Mandy in the French and Canadian-produced animated television series Totally Spies. In a 2004 interview, they said "I'm so happy that David (Michel, creator and producer), Jamie (Simone, voice director) and everyone gave me the opportunity to be part of the show, it's been one of my absolute favorite experiences." They describe Sam as "smart and adventurous, but now you see more of their wacky side and their girly side as well," and Mandy as a "total snot, which is fun too." [16] They voiced the two characters as well as others for the show's six seasons and its feature movie.[17]
They voiced Bastila Shan in Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic and returned for a brief appearance in the sequel Star Wars: Knights of the Old Republic II – The Sith Lords. They later voiced the female version of Jaden Korr in Star Wars: Jedi Knight: Jedi Academy.[18] In the BioWare MMOPRG Star Wars: The Old Republic, Hale voiced the Republic Trooper Female as well as the recurring NPC Jedi Grand Master Satele Shan. Hale interpreted the voices of Fall-From-Grace and Deionarra in the computer-role-playing-game Planescape: Torment.  They are also known as the "voice" of Samus Aran in all three games in the Metroid Prime trilogy, providing grunts and screams as the player moves and takes damage. Hale is also known for playing several voices in the Metal Gear Solid series (Naomi Hunter in Metal Gear Solid and Metal Gear Solid 4: Guns of the Patriots, and Emma Emmerich in Metal Gear Solid 2: Sons of Liberty).[6]
Hale was also the voice of Jean Grey in Wolverine and the X-Men and Marvel vs. Capcom 3: Fate of Two Worlds as well as a small role in Swat Kats. They also voiced British mercenary Jennifer Mui in Mercenaries: Playground of Destruction and Mercenaries 2: World in Flames. In 2011, they were the voice of Ms. Marvel (Carol Danvers) on Avengers: Earth's Mightiest Heroes. They provided the voice of Leah in Diablo III, and appeared as Rosalind Lutece in BioShock Infinite. Notably, Hale played the role of Krem, a trans man character in BioWare's Dragon Age: Inquisition.
Hale was selected to voice Commander Shepard, the main player character in the Mass Effect series. They had said that they are very invested in helping to "create" the stories of video games, though they themselves is not a gamer.[12][19] Although Hale does object to certain lines if they seem out-of-character in other works, they prefer not to mess with the words for Shepard and BioWare.[19] Although reports showed that only 18% of players chose to play as a female Shepard in Mass Effect 2,[20][21] vocal support for their character was high, leading to the fan-driven nickname "FemShep",[22] and an e-mail campaign to put their character on the cover of Mass Effect 3.[23] They were nominated for "Best Performance by a Human Female" at the 2010 Spike Video Game Awards,[24] in 2012, they were nominated again for Mass Effect 3.[25]
In an interview with The Geek Forge regarding their influences, Hale cited their peers in the voice acting world including Dee Baker, Frank Welker, Grey DeLisle, Tress MacNeille, Kath Soucie, April Winchell, and especially Phil LaMarr. They also admire the work of Edward James Olmos and Mary McDonnell in the Battlestar Galactica series, and Judi Dench's film and theater roles.[2] Them peers and critics have noted their versatility in their roles: Michael Abbott, a professor at Wabash College who blogs about video games, said that they have made themselves untraceable despite having voiced dozens of roles. Tom Bissell has noted that they have been referred as "a kind of Meryl Streep of the form".[4] In another interview they said, "I love the anonymity. I could walk through Comic Con, and no matter how many people who might be a fan of what I do, we're in proximity and no one knew. I'm invisible. If I'd have done as many on-camera roles as I've done voiceover I couldn't go to the grocery store in peace." Hale also stated in the same interview that "as cheesy as it sounds, the player is the star of the game. That's the beauty of games – that it's you that inhabits it. It's not about someone else, it's about that you get to be that person, and if I do my job right, I as a person disappear. Your experience is primary."[26]
Personal life [ edit ]
Hale lives in the Los Angeles, California area. They have a son.[4] They have several pets. They enjoy the outdoors and has mentioned that they might have become an architect, because they like to redo houses.[2] Although they voice in a lot of video games, they said that they did not play any until their interview with Tom Bissell for The New Yorker, where they played Mass Effect for the first time.[12] They have mentioned that they were not even allowed to watch cartoons when they were a kid.[22] Them hobbies include horses; they have mentioned being a part of the local evacuation response team that rescues them from advancing brush fires.[16][27]
In 2017, they tweeted for support to free their biological father, Jim Learning, who was imprisoned for refusing to sign an injunction to stay away from Muskrat Falls, and who has an advanced cancer.[28] Learning is part of the NunatuKavut community as an elder. Learning also has a daughter named Carren Dujela, who works at University of Victoria.[29][30]
Filmography [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
^ New Yorker,[4] their description of being in the class of 1982 of the [10] Although Hale's year of birth was reported as 1972 in an interview with Tom Bissell of theher description of being in the class of 1982 of the Alabama School of Fine Arts suggests an earlier birth year.
References [ edit ]
Shelagh Rogers has built a legacy in Canadian radio on the strength of bringing people together. From the CBC's Morningside, to Sounds Like Canada, to This Morning and The Next Chapter, the Ottawa-born broadcaster's inimitable warmth, kindness, and curiosity have made loyal listeners across the country. With a voice heard by over a million Canadians, Rogers hasn't been shy about using it for a greater purpose: especially in advocating for mental health awareness through sharing their own story of depression.
“We're all human, and we all suffer in some ways,” says Rogers. “And we need to support each other in our suffering. I love the root of the word compassion, because what it literally means is to suffer with.”
For the CBC host and Officer of the Order of Canada, their suffering began as a student at Queen's University.
“I was feeling like I couldn't get out of bed, and it was going on for weeks,” says Rogers. “Unfortunately, the person who saw me said that it was all hormonal and that it would go away. And so for the next three decades or so, I skewed my symptoms towards hormones and not what was really wrong with me.”
What followed for Rogers were years of suffering in secrecy, even as their star began to rise at the country's public broadcaster. Today, they describe listening back to tapes of their radio shows and hearing a different person at times.
“I learned to cover it up,” they say. “I think I was overcompensating for how I was really feeling inside, and felt I couldn't bring that forward. There wasn't really a forum to do that […] Plus, I didn't know what was wrong with me.”
“I want to be with people who accept me as I am. And that is something I really wish I had learned a long, long time ago. A lot of this for me has been trying to be someone else. And once I stopped trying to be someone else, I just began to feel a lot better.” – Shelagh Rogers
It took a breakdown in 2003 — or as they call it, a breakthrough — for things to finally click for Rogers. This time, they received a diagnosis of unipolar depression.
“I was finally able to attack it; I was finally able to treat it,” says Rogers. “It was so great to get that help.”
“I can tell you what it's like to be in one of these depressive episodes, and the biggest word I have is emptiness,” they add. “Nothing matters. It's a void. It's like this big, huge desert of nothing. And that's despairing.”
What followed were years of recovery, and after a conversation with — and private urging from — Canadian singer Amy Sky, Rogers finally began speaking publicly about their experiences.
“I want people to understand it's an illness,” they say. “It's not something spooky — it can be scary; I'm not denying that — but mental illness is an illness, first and foremost.”
“Getting rid of guilt [is important],” Rogers adds. “Getting rid of the shame of this. And forgiving yourself. And then also forgiving the people who don't get it, the people who haven't necessarily supported you. That feels really good.”
Note: A previous version of this article listed Rogers' current residence as Salt Spring Island, British Columbia. Story Untold regrets the error.
I think it's finally time to reveal the biggest mysteries of the Happy Appy 'universe'.
"Why are some of the stories unfinished?"
"Is Gerasim serious? They act like a 12-year-old."
"What kind of fucking sperglord made this shitpasta?"
Well, I'll answer all of the questions: You've all been rused in probably THE longest, most overdrawn ruse session in Wikia history. Let me explain myself and my acts. As the REAL 'Dronian'. Not some phony-ass ROBLOX-loving special kid that I've been masquerading as for the last five odd years.
For the first month or so of this account's existance, I used it completely straight - editing the ROBLOX Wiki, I was around 12 back then, still technically in the age group for that game. After a few weeks of this, I grew bored of editing that place. It was constantly vandalized and edited by... weird children, to put it politely. Then I saw the ChipperNickel thread on the ROBLOX forums. The classic. The original lore that spawned the Happy Appy cesspool. I became inspired by it, and decided to practice my writing skills by making a fake story around it. Happy's catchphrase spawned from there, as well as a very rough outline of who would eventually become Gerasim. At that point, I submitted it for criticism on the MSPA Forums, using my old account. I also showed it to one of my friend, who's well-known for their strange behavior.
They were the sole cause for me to turn Happy Appy from a legitimate Creepypasta into a Trollpasta masquerading as a hilariously-long narmfest Lost Episode pasta. At first, I didn't want to do it. I just wanted to try my hand at creating a Creepypasta, not intentionally piss people off. But when my friend showed me why the original draft sucked, I thought the exact same thing soon after. So I decided to tweak the story and hit all of the cliches with my fucked-up jalopy of a story.
The very first revision on the Creepypasta Wiki is what I consider to be the very beginning of the cesspool. I'll go through the story itself, as well as the rough draft , and point out some cliches my friend and I threw in to make it... good.
Future events that were prophesized in the past? Well, 9/11. And Hot n' Cold. And the HOPE poster. And some others that I can't remember.
A laughably-bad 'mentally ill' villain? Forenzik, of course! And the Followers, too.
Random celebrity appearence? Tommy Wiseau. And, in the later revisions, Aphex Twin. (And that's not even bringing up Kevin Costo's name.)
Ridiculous amounts of gore? Yep.
ROBLOX? Well, yes. In the older versions.
Those were just a few of the cliches that were bad. I can't think of every terrible cliche dead horse that Happy Appy beat up.
Many of my actions that I peformed in those four-ish years were also ruses. Somehow, the pasta became so popular that a lot of people edited the story. That's when I started to take the piss. The main reason I didn't revert their edit is to see what the admins of the Creepypasta Wiki would do. The answer? Not much, so I just half-assed an 'action'-filled ending to satisfy the fans. And then, I edited the story so much that I got the pasta moved to its own Wiki. This one.
(I will say right now that the Towers episode uploaded by Gerasim on YouTube and the account that made the Happy Appy TV Tropes page were mine. Just to see how the fans would react, of course.)
At this point, I decided to fake an improvement on this account's behalf. At this point, I was around 13, and could write a story that was better than Happy Appy. But I kept going at it anyway, adding a whole bunch of terrible ideas to the story. Those included Fright House Screamers (which I actually think could be redeemed, if I were to pour time into it that I could use elsewhere), Forenzik, and the Forenzik Journals. And then I decided that Gerasim (and my fans and critics) should suffer more. So began the epic, horrible, garbage tale of Dumb Angel, taking its name from the WIP title of the Beach Boys' unfinished album, SMILE.
I decided to give Forenzik a gang of equally-insane people, Gerasim a job at a police station, and more cliche-filled episodes of Happy Appy. And yet, the goddamn fans still liked it. Whilst I was working on Dumb Angel, I decided to cement my ROBLOX Wiki legacy as the moderator who'll gladly ban you for a week over some unnecessary bullshit. Eventually, I decided to put in a part so weird and terrible that my fans would know that Dronian had to be joking - the ending with the raid. But, surprisingly, they still liked it. After Dumb Angel, I decided to bring one last story into the universe before calling it quits, and that was the Insane Man. The joke was getting long and boring, and I really didn't want to tend to it anymore. And so I did, doing minor edits here and there.
But then, I decided to show my friend what they had created. Their response? These exact words;
"dude keep goin
Make as story so fucked no possible person could like it"
So, I kept working on the universe, preparing for On the Run Again. This story had the worst ideas in the entire series - a handbuilt tank, an inaccurate portrayal of Perm, Gerasim having a weird kid, and an army of 200 Followers. Oh, and Freddrick dying and being related to Gerasim. Can't forget that. While that was going on, I brought in another story that I never finished, In the Land of the Dronese, to 'explain Gerasim's weird kid. You can tell I intentionally half-assed parts of the story with the language I made for the Dronese. With Happy Appy 3 underway, me and my friend were well-aware that the ruse was getting incredibly old, and that I would eventually have to tell my fans that the story (and my persona) were intentionally bad and fake, respectively..
So I decided to leave my fans on a cliffhanger - not only would I not finish the story, but I would also make a fake 'meltdown' post that would make Dronian look like a victim to the critics' abuse. Me and my friend wrote the blog post, posted it, and pretty much abandoned the Happy Appy wiki, except to occassionally ban and revert vandalism. I'm not sure what would have happened if I didn't give up the Dronian ruse. If I had to guess, I would start creating accounts on websites and sending hate to the people that hated my story - like death threats and shit. Then, and only then, would I reveal the ruse. Thank god I didn't, though. That could have ended horribly.
I will admit this about the Happyverse - I had a few good, creative ideas in some of the stories. I might pick them up and tweak them to be less crappy. You might see parts of In the Land of the Dronese or Fright House Screamers somewhere else...
Anyways, if you have any questions about this failed fucked-up ARG thing, please comment below in this blog post. I'll get to your questions as soon as possible. And I apologize if I make any inconsistencies. I don't remember all of the details of what went down during the ruse.
That's all for now.
All-session tickets for the 2017 NCAA Men's Collegiate Volleyball Championship (May 4 & 6) will go on sale to the public on Friday, February 17. A direct Ticketmaster link to purchase will be released Friday morning. St. John Arena, on the campus of The Ohio State University, will serve as the host venue for the fifth time in facility history.
ALL-SESSION TICKET PRICES (admission to all three matches)
Adults – $25
Student/Youth – $15
Group (10 or more) – $8 | contact Andrew Boppel at 614-292-8098 for ‘Group' purchases
*Both Reserved and General Admission seating is available (see seating chart attached)
**Ages 2 and older require a ticket for admittance
CHAMPIONSHIP SCHEDULE
Thursday, May 4 – Semifinals (game start times TBA)
Saturday, May 6 – Finals (game start time TBA)
Parking in St. John Arena lots will be free for the event. Ohio State students will also receive free admission with a valid BUCK ID for any matches in which the Buckeyes are competing. Doors will open 60 minutes prior to the first semifinal and again for the finals.
Ohio's capital city has laid claim to the title of ‘Volleyball Capital of the Midwest,' becoming the first city in NCAA history to host both the women's and men's collegiate national volleyball championship in the same academic year in addition to a long history of hosting premier amateur volleyball events. The NCAA Women's Volleyball Championship was held Dec. 15-17, 2016 downtown at Nationwide Arena.
Buckeye Men's Volleyball is currently riding a 36-match winning streak, a run that includes the 2016 national title.
News courtesy of Ohio State Athletics.
Ariel Waldman, creator of Spacehack, has just published a delightful book titled "What's It Like in Space? Stories from Astronauts Who'Ve Been There?" Illustrated by Brian Standeford, it's a fun collection of astronaut anecdotes on everything from sneezing and farting in zero gravity to weird frights and the necessity of Sriracha in space. Here's an excerpt:
While performing a spacewalk is an exciting experience, it is also a very serious operation that is meticulously scripted for astronauts. The only time astronauts might get a chance to look around at where they are is when there's a glitch in equipment and they get a few spare minutes while someone makes a repair. Astronaut Chris Hadfield found an opportunity to look around during one of their spacewalks:
“The contrast of your body and your mind inside . . . essentially a one-person spaceship, which is your space suit, where you're holding on for dear life to the shuttle or the station with one hand, and you are inexplicably in between what is just a pouring glory of the world roaring by, silently next to you—just the kaleidoscope of it, it takes up your whole mind. It's like the most beautiful thing you've ever seen just screaming at you on the right side, and when you look left, it's the whole bottomless black of the universe and it goes in all directions. It's like a huge yawning endlessness on your left side and you're in between those two things and trying to rationalize it to yourself and trying to get some work done.”
A few days ago, Apple killed off the stripped-down 16GB version of its iPod touch as quietly as it was introduced last year. In its place, a new 16GB model emerged with the same 5-megapixel iSight camera and color selection as its counterparts with higher storage capacities. Best of all, the new configuration is actually cheaper than its predecessor despite an improvement in hardware. It launched immediately in the US, and now it's available from Apple in the UK for £159, down from £199 for the previous, camera-less model. And, if 16GB just doesn't cut it, there's never been a better time to spring for the 32GB or 64GB models, given they've also received a favourable discount. Originally £249, the 32GB iPod touch is now £199, while the 64GB version that used to be £329 has dropped to £249.
A court in Finland has convicted a man and a woman of plotting to kill dozens of people at the country's largest university and sentenced them to at least three years each in prison.
In its Friday verdict, the Helsinki Regional Court found the pair, both aged 24, guilty of possessing weapons, ammunition and chemicals meant "for the mass murder of at least 50 people, chosen randomly." They also planned to rob a gun store to increase their arsenal for the attack, the court said.
It sentenced Nita-Minttu Tirkkonen to three years in prison and gave Josef Andrei Hannu a 37-month prison term, including for the possession of child pornography.
Story continues below advertisement
Court papers described how the disillusioned pair met over the Internet in 2012, discussed their hatred toward society and exchanged details about mass murders in encrypted emails. During the course of some 15 months, they plotted to slaughter people at the University of Helsinki in early 2014.
Hannu told the court they had been bullied at school and started thinking about an attack after two school shootings in 2007 and 2008 in Finland that killed 20 people. They also had images of last year's Boston Marathon bombings on their computer.
After their first meeting in January, which included a visit to the university, Hannu travelled back to their home in northern Finland and decided to postpone the attack, apparently to prepare for it more carefully. But Hannu told the court they had decided to call it off but was afraid of losing Tirkkonen's trust and could not tell them
The plot was discovered when Hannu tried to recruit a 17-year-old girl into the plot but they told another person, who tipped off police.
The defendants gave no clear motive for their actions but the court found they were prompted by feelings of hatred toward society, anger and revenge, including for being teased.
Both pleaded innocent to the charges, saying the attack was never meant to be carried out.
It was not immediately clear if they would appeal.
Sports OT: Grand Rapids FC founder and coach Copyright by WOODTV - All rights reserved Grand Rapids FC founder Matt Roberts and head coach George Moni on Sports Overtime. (June 28, 2015) [ + - ] Video
24 Hour News 8 web staff -
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich. (WOOD) -- More than 4,100 people gathered at Houseman Field in Grand Rapids Saturday night to see Grand Rapids FC beat Lansing United.
The Great Lakes Premier League has taken off in Grand Rapids, where the home team beat Lansing 4-1 on Saturday.
Sunday, Grand Rapids FC founder Matt Roberts and head coach George Moni stopped by Sports Overtime to talk about the team and the support it is seeing.
Watch 24 Hour News 8 Sports Director Jack Doles' interview with Grand Rapids FC leaders above.
Cecile Richards, president of Planned Parenthood, appeared on TV over the weekend for the first time since the Planned Parenthood scandal broke on July 14.
ABC US News | World News
They sat with George Stephanopoulos of ABC's “This Week” to answer a few questions. What was true, and what was false?
Let's review.
CLAIM #1: “This [the Center for Medical Progress' investigative video project] has been a three-year, well-funded effort…”
FALSE: Well-funded? Does Cecile really want to talk about well-funded? How about Planned Parenthood's raking in of taxpayer dollars to the tune of over $1.4 million a day? Compare this with the $120,000 David Daleiden says that the Center for Medical Progress received in donations over the course of three years. And then let's talk about who's well-funded.
CLAIM #2: “…and of course, highly doctored videos,” “it's all been edited out,” “very highly edited videos, sensationalized videos”
FALSE: If all CMP had released were the eight or so minute clips, then perhaps Richards would have had a very short peg leg to stand on. However, almost immediately upon releasing the clips, CMP also released the full footage of their discussions with Planned Parenthood's top doctors. All news agencies and reporters had the full, unedited versions equally available to them. “Highly edited” became rhetorical and pointless the minute the full footage was released.
CLAIM #3: “…by the most militant wing of the anti-abortion movement in this country…” “the folks behind this in fact are part of the most militant wing of the anti-abortion movement that has been behind, you know, the bombing of clinics, the murder of doctors in their homes, um, and in their churches…”
FALSE: Is this really the best they can do? Instead of discussing what their employees were caught doing on tape (discussing the piecing out of babies to a fetal parts dealer), Richards goes for over-the-top, slanderous rhetoric. David Daleiden, the leader of CMP, has been a completely peaceful pro-lifer, in all of their 26 years of life. Richards speaks as though these things are common occurrences, when, in reality, in America's history of legal abortion one, single abortionist has been murdered in their home (Slepian in 1998) and one in their church (Tiller in 2009). Obviously, Daleiden and CMP (which didn't even exist until less than three years ago) were not involved. Pro-lifers from every group, including, of course, Live Action, denounce such lone-wolf actions immediately, and it is never a part of what we do. There is no “militant wing” of the pro-life movement. “Militant” involves being combative, aggressive, extreme, and violent – a much better description of Planned Parenthood's own practice of ripping babies apart and selling their pieces.
CLAIM #4: “What I want to make really clear, George, is Planned Parenthood has broken no laws.”
FALSE: Whoa, Cecile. Perhaps their time would be better spent reading, you know, the actual law instead of trying to put pillowcases over the heads of the American public. Saying “Planned Parenthood has broken no laws,” doesn't make it so. And this article will take any American through a step-by-step explanation of how Planned Parenthood actually has broken multiples laws and violated federal regulations – by their top doctors' own blatant admissions.
CLAIM #5: “We have the highest standards.”
FALSE: Oddly, the White House seems to have bought this line from Planned Parenthood. However, if Richards were to talk about real facts instead of making vague claims, the truth would become painfully obvious. Manipulating vulnerable women into signing consent forms is not a “highest standard.” The complete absence of national company policy on fetal tissue “donation” is not a “highest standard.” Showing women a grainy photo of their baby's ultrasound instead of the real-time image on screen is not a “highest standard.” Using that same real-time image to locate the baby's heart, liver, and other organs to ensure they are not “crushed” during the abortion (so they can be sold) is not a “highest standard.” Attempting to gain profits in a non-monetary, backdoor way is not a “highest standard.” Shall we go on?
CLAIM #6: “1 in 5 women in this country depend on Planned Parenthood for their healthcare.”
FALSE: “Depend on” is a big claim. In reality, according to Planned Parenthood itself, “1 in 5 women has come to Planned Parenthood…” Some of these women were no doubt like one of my best friends who walked right out the door after Planned Parenthood said they couldn't help them if they were going to keep their baby. (They did provide them with a referral number to a doctor. It was disconnected.) Great level of dependence there, I tell you.
CLAIM #7: Stephanopoulos: “You say that no Planned Parenthood affiliate has profited from fetal tissue.” Richards: “Correct, correct.”
TRUE/FALSE: This is a hard one. Technically, Richards' statement is true. They do “say” that no Planned Parenthood affiliate has profited from fetal tissue. But, in reality, (while there are many ways to demonstrate Richards' sentiment as false), let's look at one particularly revealing admission made by Dr. Mary Gatter in the full footage of video two:
Heather [from fetal parts buyer, Novogenix] would look at the tissue [at Planned Parenthood of Los Angeles] and take what they required, so logistically it was very easy for us, we didn't have to do anything. There was compensation for this, and there was discussion if that was legal…
Tip to Mary Gatter and Cecile: No, that's not legal. Getting compensation for not “hav[ing] to do anything” is called making a profit.
CLAIM #8: “This is actually not about women's healthcare.”
TRUE: Touché! At last, Richards admits that this whole debacle is not about women's healthcare. Unless, of course, they think that crushing babies in just the right places so as to abort them, but to still preserve their hearts, lungs, and livers for sale, is women's healthcare. Pretty sure most women would be creeped out by that standard. (And they also probably wish Planned Parenthood had told them their baby had parts, and “lower extremities,” along with a heart, liver, brain, and lungs. Not just a “clump of cells” when we're talking about a business transaction, now is it?)
CLAIM #9: Stephanopoulos: “Mary Gatter appears to be haggling.” Richards: “Absolutely not.” … Stephanopoulous: “If there's not financial benefit to the clinics, why are they haggling over the cost?” Richards: “They're not. The only people that are haggling in these videos are the undercover folks who are absolutely trying to entrap doctors…”
FALSE: We'll just let a nice chunky clip from the full footage transcript illustrate who was really doing the haggling here:
Buyer: And are we agreed that $100 would keep you happy. Gatter: Well let me agree to find out what other affiliates in California are getting, and if they're getting substantially more, then we can discuss it then. … I mean, the money is not the important thing, but it has to be big enough that it is worthwhile. Buyer: No, no, but it is something to talk about. I mean, it was one of the first things you brought up, right? So. Gatter: Mhm [After another discussion of price ideas]. … It's been years since I talked about compensation, so let me just figure out what others are getting, if this is in the ballpark, it's fine, if it's still low then we can bump it up. I want a Lamborghini. [laughs] Buyer: [Laughs] What did you say? Gatter: I said I want a Lamborghini! [laughs]
CLAIM #10: When Stephanopoulos asked Richards about the money Planned Parenthood charges as a fee for fetal parts, they replied: “It's not a fee. It's not a fee. It's actually just the cost of transmitting this material to research institutions.”
FALSE: Wait… research institutions? In the videos, Gatter and Nucatola were planning out sales with a for-profit fetal parts buyer. They both admitted that Planned Parenthood works with Novogenix, a company, and it's now well known that Planned Parenthood works with StemExpress, which Richards themselves called a “for-profit” company. So yeah, “transmitting this material to research institutions” nothing. It's more properly called “charging a fee for fetal parts,” also known as making a profit. (Plus, check this out: Nucatola says, “Well, it's funny because at Planned Parenthood, we don't consider that research.”
CLAIM #11: Stephanopoulos: “The tapes appear to describe times when the clinics adjust the abortion procedure to better harvest – Richards: “It's not done.” Stephanopoulos: “-the fetal organs” Richards: “It's absolutely not done. And I've talked to doctors all across the country.” … Stephanopoulos: “It does appear that that's what's being described in these tapes.” Richards: “Well, it's because these tapes have been edited, and they've tried to entrap doctors to say things…and Iiiii, listen, I stand behind the healthcare that we provide at Planned Parenthood.”
FALSE: Maybe, just maybe, instead of talking “to doctors all across the country,” Richards should talk to their own. The full, unedited footage of both tapes reveals Nucatola and Gatter explicitly describing how abortion procedures are changed to preserve and harvest baby organs. Nucatola unabashedly admits to modifying abortion procedures personally, because she's “happy to help” the fetal parts buyers. (Search this transcript for “less crunchy” and “IPAS” and this one for “crush” and “partial-birth abortion.”)
CLAIM #12: Stephanopoulos: “When these doctors are talking about…‘less crunchy' ways to perform these abortions so that the organs can be preserved, what's happening there, are they just lying?” Richards: “No. … That's absolutely, all of this is taken out of context. …” Stephanopoulos: “As long as the procedure is never altered, and you're stating that unequivocally?” Richards: “That's right.”
FALSE: Ok, so wait? Mary Gatter isn't lying when they say “less crunchy” abortions can be performed so babies can be delivered “intact,” and ready for harvesting? I thought you just said modifications of procedure were never done, Cecile. If that were true, than Mary would have to be lying. Except you said she's not, and, well, she's not. There's no “context” in which it would make sense for an abortion doctor to admit to changing abortion procedure unless that is exactly what they do. I might walk back my “unequivocally” if I were you, given the direct words of your Dr. Deborah Nucatola:
So then you're just kind of cognizant of where you put your graspers, you try to intentionally go above and below the thorax, so that, you know, we've been very good at getting heart, lung, liver, because we know that, so I'm not gonna crush that part, I'm going to basically crush below, I'm gonna crush above, and I'm gonna see if I can get it all intact. And with the calvarium [head], in general, some people will actually try to change the presentation so that it's not vertex, because when it's vertex presentation, you never have enough dilation at the beginning of the case, unless you have real, huge amount of dilation to deliver an intact calvarium. So if you do it starting from the breech presentation, there's dilation that happens as the case goes on, and often, the last, you can evacuate an intact calvarium at the end. So I mean there are certainly steps that can be taken…
CONCLUSION
Cecile Richards deserves an award: Most Number of Lies That Can be Told to the American People in Ten Minutes on National Television. Perhaps it's now easier to understand their belief that “obviously…you know, the most disgusting part of this to me” is that someone “lied.”Yes, it is pretty disgusting.
Poor Justin Trudeau Cancels Plans to Attend “Remarkable” Fidel Castro's Funeral
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau faced pushback this weekend after praising Cuban tyrant Fidel Castro after their death.
Trudeau said it was with “great sorrow” that they heard of Castro's death – a “remarkable leader.”
They then went on to praise Cuba's healthcare and education system.
And Trudeau praised Castro's “love for the Cuban people.”
Castro murdered at least 3,615 opponents and stole the wealth from the working class.
Here is Trudeau's full statement.
This didn't go over well with sane people. Canadians and Americans mocked them viciously on Twitter and Facebook.
On Sunday Justin Trudeau's video before the Grey Cup football game was booed loudly by the crowd.
Here's the video—
With this in mind Trudeau was forced to cancel attendance to Castro's funeral on Tuesday.
Mic.com reported:
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, who faced a storm of criticism from political opponents after praising recently deceased Cuban leader Fidel Castro as a “remarkable,” “larger than life leader who served their people,” has chosen not to attend Castro's funeral on Tuesday. The BBC reported “Canada will be represented by Governor General David Johnston at a memorial service in Havana,” despite the long-running friendship between Castro and Trudeau's father, former Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau. Trudeau's statement, released on Saturday after news of Castro's death, said: “It is with deep sorrow that I learned today of the death of Cuba's longest serving President. Fidel Castro was a larger than life leader who served their people for almost half a century. A legendary revolutionary and orator, Mr. Castro made significant improvements to the education and healthcare of their island nation.” “While a controversial figure, both Mr. Castro's supporters and detractors recognized their tremendous dedication and love for the Cuban people who had a deep and lasting affection for ‘el Comandante,'” Trudeau added.
Hand #19: Yevgeniy Timoshenko raised to 250,000 from early position and won the blinds and antes.
Hand #20: Amir Lehavot opened for 250,000 from late position and James Alexander called from the big blind. Both players checked flop, and the action repeated itself on the turn and river. Alexander mucked their cards before Lehavot tabled , playing the board. Lehavot scooped the pot.
Hand #21: Rep Porter raised to 250,000 from early position and didn't receive any callers.
Hand #22: James Alexander bumped it up to 275,000 and the blinds released. Alexander showed .
Hand #23: Amir Lehavot raised to 250,000 from under the gun, and Yevgeniy Timoshenko called from the button. The flop rolled out and Lehavot continued their aggression with a bet of 250,000. That was enough to force Timoshenko out of the pot.
Quebecers have a thing for poutine, lots of folks in Saskatchewan search for bestiality and Albertans lead the country in searches for pregnant porn, a new report looking at Google searches has found.
Vice.com decided to use the Google Trends application to dig deep into the online searches of Canadians so far this year.
Google Trends allows users to look back at how popular certain search terms have been since 2004. The search starts with the global results, but can be pared down to cities and sorted by years.
Most provinces and territories had some risque topics such as free porn, pregnant porn, penis, strippers, and masturbation in their top searches.
Some of the odder top searches included folks in Saskatchewan Googling green poop; British Columbians looking up booze, gin and the psychedelic drink ayahuasca — and also, not surprisingly, hangover cures; Manitobans researching falafel; and Nunavut residents looking up Nunavut.
Nunavut, Vice.com noted, didn't return any other top searches.
Ontarians were "predictable" with plenty of searches for rapper Drake, singer Justin Bieber, political parties, the phrase "how to murder" and autopsy photos. Ontarians were also the most likely in the country to search for ways to cheat on their partners or hire an escort.
Manitoba offered a "truly bizarre list" of top searches that included poison, Rick Mercer, twerking, gangs, rough sex and sniper.
Residents in the Northwest Territories were the top searchers for fire, which the authors noted wasn't a surprise given the extensive forest fires in the region this summer.
When it came to top Canadian terms, New Brunswickers were No. 1 in searches of maple syrup, Quebecers looked up lots of information on poutine, Ontarians were very curious about beer and Prince Edward Islanders Googled hockey the most.
If you want proof of how adaptable the human body can be, look no further than the Moken people - a nomadic seafaring tribe that lives in the island archipelagos on the Andaman Sea, and along the west coast of Thailand.
Also known as sea-nomads, the Moken were once entirely dependent the ocean, and the children spent much of their time diving for food on the seafloor. Experiments have shown that they could see underwater with total clarity - a unique adaptation that other children can learn within weeks.
"Normally when you go underwater, everything is so blurry that the eye doesn't even try to accommodate, it's not a normal reflex," vision researcher Anna Gislen from the University of Lund in Sweden told the BBC. "But the Moken children are able to do both - they can make their pupils smaller and change their lens shape. Seals and dolphins have a similar adaptation."
Gislen has been working with the Moken for almost two decades to better understand this incredible ability - which only the children appear to possess - and within just one month, managed to teach a group of European children to see underwater with the same clarity.
"It was different for each child, but at some point their vision would just suddenly improve," they say. "I asked them whether they were doing anything different and they said, 'No, I can just see better now.'"
Gislen first had the idea to study the Moken children back in 1999, when they watched them dive into the ocean whenever the tide came in, and collect clams and sea cucumbers from the sea floor with their eyes wide open.
In 2003, they published a study that measured exactly how clear their vision was, comparing 17 Moken children (10 girls and 7 boys, aged 7-13 years) with 18 European children (14 girls and 4 boys, aged 7-13 years).
The experiment involved getting the children to dive underwater and place their forehead on a headrest positioned 50 cm away from a card displaying random patterns with lines running either vertically or horizontally. After looking at the card, they'd swim back up and report which pattern they'd seen.
Each time they dived down, the space between the lines would get thinner and thinner, making it harder to make out the pattern. The children had to repeat the process five times for each pattern, and just one mistake was interpreted as an inability to see the pattern properly.
Publishing the results in Current Biology, Gislen found that the Moken children had more than twice the visual acuity of the European children underwater.
Why? It's still not entirely clear, but they think it's got to do with the Moken children's ability to constrict their pupils underwater to increase the depth of field and make things clear.
This appears to be partly solving the problem that the rest of us experience when we try to see things underwater - water has the same density as our corneas, and this messes with their ability to focus, making everything appear blurry.
The paper explains:
"On land, pupil size normally has little effect on resolution, and both groups of children were found to have the same pupil size. But underwater, when the image is severely blurred, a smaller pupil can significantly improve resolution. Our measurements clearly show that there is indeed a difference underwater; when diving, the Moken children constrict their pupils, whereas European children do not, and pupil size differs significantly."
But as Helen Thomson reports for the BBC, this on its own isn't enough to explain the ability - they appear to also be 'accommodating' their lenses, which means consciously or subconsciously changing the shape of the lens to clarify or focus on an image as its distance varies.
Using a mathematical model, Gislen and their team figured out how much their lenses were accommodating to allow them to see as far underwater as they could, and concluded that the Moken children were able to make their pupils smaller and change their lens shape to achieve superior underwater vision.
Interestingly, in the adults Gislen tested, none of them possessed the same ability, and would hunt for food by spear fishing instead of diving. They suspect that the Moken lose their 'dolphin eyes' when they grow older because the lens becomes less flexible with age.
That's bad news for us grown-ups who dream of seeing underwater with perfect clarity, but here's the good news: as long as you're still young, it appears that you can develop the skill with a bit of practice.
Gislen recruited a group of European children on holiday in Thailand (3 girls and 2 boys, aged 9-11) and a group of children in Sweden (15 girls and 5 boys, aged 9-10) to take part in training sessions over several weeks. Basically, they had to perform similar diving tasks in the original experiment to see if repeating it would show improvements in underwater vision.
Reporting in the journal Vision Research back in 2006, they found that after 11 sessions across one month, both groups had achieved the same underwater acuity as the Moken children - even if they still got red, irritated eyes because of the salt.
The European kids ended up retaining the ability to constrict their pupils and achieve accommodation, even after four months of no underwater activities at all. "When tested 8 months after the last training session in an outdoor pool in bright sunlight - comparable to light environments in South-East Asia - the children had attained the same underwater acuity as the sea-gypsy children," Gislen and their team report.
Unfortunately, it's looking more and more unlikely that Gislen will be able to continue their research into the future. They explained to the BBC that the Moken have changed much of their lifestyle since they first visited back in 1999 - they're now spending much less time in the water.
Gislen says that while some of the children they originally studied have retained the ability into adolescence, they doubt that any newly born children will develop it. "They just don't spend as much time in the sea anymore," they say, "so I doubt that any of the children that grow up these days in the tribe have this extraordinary vision."
Nickelodeon's epic fantasy series Avatar: The Last Airbender and its sequel The Legend of Korra recently came to a close after ten years. The show broke new ground, challenged stereotypes and inspired new generations of artists, writers, and musicians.
Janet Varney is the voice artist who portrayed Avatar in The Legend of Korra.  They are an actor, comedian and host of the JV Club Podcast, wherein they interview women in show business about growing up, adolescence, and life in general.
At the end of this interview we have a special give-away where you can win an exclusive poster signed by Janet Varney herself! You'll find it at the bottom of the page…
1 – You've done a lot of comedy, from Rifftrax and The Thrilling Adventure Hour, to the HBO series Entourage, as well as co-founding and organising SF Sketchfest. The Legend of Korra seems very different other projects you've worked on (though there's still a lot of comedy). What was it that attracted you to the show and to the character?
This is always a question that makes me laugh, because it implies that I can pick and choose my projects. Maybe one day! I just auditioned for Korra the same way I do for most of the jobs I get. I just happened to get extremely lucky with that one- particularly since it's one of the very best things I have ever been a part of! If I could have picked ONE show out of a hundred to be cast in, Korra would be that one.
2 – Avatar and The Legend of Korra have a great range of female characters who are strong, complex, well rounded and well written. This is still something rare in the mainstream unfortunately. But, have you seen roles for women in TV change since you were watching as a kid, to now when you are working?
I definitely think things have been changing, and while we still have a long way to go, I believe we'll get there. But even when I was a kid, I do feel there were strong, interesting female characters. Although to be honest, now that I'm thinking about it, that might have been more in books than on television. (Grimaces)
3 – Nerd and Geek culture conventions have taken off big time in recent years, and you have been very enthusiastic whenever you've attended. You've seen first hand the kind of affect the show has had on people; has the response to the character and the show affected you in any way?
It's completely changed my life! I say that without hyperbole at almost every panel I do. I am so humbled and so moved to be a part of something so special that has touched so many people so deeply. I consider it a total privilege to be entrusted with the heartfelt feedback I get from fans when I'm out there- and if I can serve as some sort of ambassador for the real geniuses behind the show- Mike and Bryan, then I'm very happy to do that.
4 – Mike [DiMartino] and Bryan [Konietzko] were the creative team behind Korra, but as the show went on, did you have an affect on how they wrote Korra as they grew and you got to know her? Did you feel, by the end of the series, that you could step into Korra's shoes (or boots) and know what they would do in a given situation?
I think that's a question for Mike and Bryan, at least the first part! And as for the second part… well, I think we all got to know Korra pretty well by the end of the series and yet they continued to surprise us. Which is the mark of a developing, complex and interesting character.
5 – The internet was in celebration after the Book Four finale, where Korra and Asami begun their romance. One of the refreshing things about their bond was that, despite being initially ‘rivals in romance', they never turned on each other. How do you think Korra and Asami's relationship will affect the way audiences see female-female friendships and romances going forward?
I LOVE IT! I loved it from the beginning. I think anytime we can show people – young and old – that the kind of pettiness we all are capable inside us (we're all just adorably human, after all) can be pushed aside for deeper, more grounded and lovely feelings like respect, trust, and loyalty.
6 – Related to the previous question, there's a lot of diversity of ethnicity, gender, and sexuality on the show which, again, seems sadly lacking even in the realms of fantasy and sci-fi. How important do you think it is for young people to be able to see themselves in the characters they see on screen? Do you think the positive reception will encourage writers to be more open to emulating it?
I think it's vital. Art should reflect its creators and its consumers and everything in between. I was laughing with a friend of mine who has a very racially diverse background, and we were saying the people of the future will be so puzzled by how “TV was just full of white people” back in our time.
7 – The episode Korra Alone won The People's Choice Award for “Best Television Episode” in IGN's Best of 2014 contest. The episode deals with a lot of heavy themes, such as trauma, PTSD, and Korra searching for their identity. How did you feel about such matters that are so often thought of as “grown up” issues being dealt with in this show?
I think it's just a mark of how amazing Mike and Bryan are in that they recognize that there are very real issues that people of all ages become acquainted with either directly or peripherally and that there are ways to address that stuff that help people understand and more importantly to feel understood in the midst of these challenges.
8 – The JV Club podcast has been going since 2012 and has now had over 150 episodes. Has getting such insight into the experiences of other women in the industry (and the world in general) changed the way you view yourself within it?
Absolutely! It has really made my relationship to this industry much more positive, because I feel very much a part of a community of amazing women who are all trying to be the best versions of themselves right along side me.
Now, after the serious questions, I hope you won't mind some slightly more light hearted and even sillier ones.
9 – Of the other voice artists working on Korra, who were the most like their characters? Was Mindy Lee Sterling as fearless and fierce as Lin Beifong? Was PJ Byrne as goofy and optimistic as Bolin?
I think most people would agree that PJ is a lot like Bolin in terms of their buoyancy, their adorableness and their friendly outgoing nature. I love him!
10 – If there was any item or gadget from the show you could own, what would it be?
Anything Asami has made!
11 – What sort of advice do you think Korra would give to the next Avatar?
Don't try to do everything alone!!!
12- You've mentioned Doctor Who in some recent JV Club episodes; do you watch the show, if so, do you have a favourite Doctor?
I haven't been watching Dr. Who lately but I am a dyed-in-the-wool David Tennant girl, forevermore amen.
13 – If this was a MASH game and you had to pick three locations from the Avatar world to have a mansion, apartment, shack or house, where would you pick?
Ooh!! The Spirit World, The Water Tribe (snow!), and Air Temple Island.
All our thanks to Janet Varney for agreeing to this interview! If you love The Legend of Korra, give the JV Club a listen, and, of course, get hold of the DVD box sets of the show!
The competition for this giveaway is now closed.
The first female soldier to flee the U.S. military for Canada to avoid the war in Iraq has been ordered deported, a spokesperson for the War Resisters Support Campaign said Thursday.
Michelle Robidoux said that Citizenship and Immigration Canada has ordered Kimberly Rivera to leave the country by Sept. 20.
Robidoux said Rivera is meeting with their lawyers Thursday to determine their next course of action and was unavailable to comment on the deportation order.
"We are very upset about this decision," said Robidoux. "The cases of war resisters are not being looked at properly. (Immigration Minister Jason) Kenney continues to intervene by telling immigration officers to red flag US soldiers who are applying for asylum as criminally inadmissible. We think that has tainted the whole process and the government should withdraw that directive."
Kimberly Rivera, 30, served in Iraq as a U.S. Army private in 2006 before coming to Canada.
Robidoux said they will likely call on Kenney to grant the family humanitarian and compassionate consideration and allow them to stay.
Citizenship and Immigration Canada did not immediately return calls for comment.
Rivera, a 30-year-old Army private, served in Iraq in 2006. They said they became disillusioned with the mission. They crossed the border into Canada while on leave in February 2007, after they were ordered to serve another tour there.
After arriving in Canada on leave, they applied for refugee status.
They currently live in Toronto with their husband and four children. Them two youngest children were born in Canada.
In January of 2009, Canada's Immigration and Refugee Board ordered them and their family to leave the country or face deportation. Rivera appealed that decision.
Rivera's lawyer, Alyssa Manning, has argued in Canada's federal court that their client would likely face a court martial and jail time, possibly up to five years, instead of an administrative discharge if they are deported because of their political opposition to the war.
The War Resisters Support Campaign said two other Iraq war resisters who were deported, Robin Long and Clifford Cornell, faced year-long jail sentences upon their return.
Long was given a dishonorable discharge in 2008 and sentenced to 15 months in a military prison after pleading guilty to charges of desertion.
The lower house of Canada's Parliament passed a nonbinding motion in 2009 urging that U.S. military deserters be allowed to stay in Canada, but the Conservative government ignored the vote.
During the Vietnam War, up to 90,000 Americans won refuge in Canada, most of them to avoid the military draft. Many were given permanent residence status that led to Canadian citizenship, but the majority went home after President Jimmy Carter granted amnesty in the late 1970s.
7 years ago
Orlando, Florida (CNN) - Texas Gov. Rick Perry's presidential campaign was dealt a worrying blow Saturday when they finished in a distant second place to business person Herman Cain in a closely watched straw poll in Florida.
Cain won 37% of the 2,657 votes cast in the straw poll conducted at Presidency 5, a three-day convention sponsored by the Republican Party of Florida that brought thousands of party activists to Orlando.
Perry's campaign had courted Presidency 5 delegates for weeks and printed up glossy fliers that were distributed throughout the convention hall in Orlando, but the Texas governor captured just 410 votes, or 15.4% of the vote.
Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney finished third with 14%.
They were followed by former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum (10.9%), Texas Rep. Ron Paul (10.4%), former House Speaker Newt Gingrich (8.4%), former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman (2.26%) and Minnesota Rep. Michele Bachmann (1.5%).
Perry was expected to win the straw poll as the weekend began, but their underwhelming performance at a GOP debate on Thursday night raised questions about their readiness for prime time.
GOP activists at Presidency 5 also repeatedly expressed concern with Perry's forceful support for a Texas bill that grants in-state college tuition to illegal immigrants.
In the debate, Perry said opponents of the bill don't "have a heart," a comment that rankled conservatives here.
Cain, who charmed activists with a series of red meat speeches and a smooth debate performance, was mentioned frequently as a second choice among activists who came to Orlando ready to support Perry before changing their minds.
The Perry campaign cast their disappointing finish as a resounding victory over Romney, Perry's top rival for the GOP nomination.
"It's a devastating loss for Mitt Romney, who has been campaigning for president for the last five and a half years," said Perry spokesperson Mark Miner. "We have only been in this race for five and a half weeks. Mitt Romney still cannot resonate with conservative voters, especially in Florida."
Miner admitted that "we still have work to do and we are going to get better."
The Mega Mall, an indoor market that occupies a large stretch of property along Milwaukee Avenue in the center of the Logan Square neighborhood, will finally be demolished starting December 5, Alderman Scott Waguespack's office has announced. This isn't the first time that demolition of the site has been announced. This spring, it was reported that the Mega Mall was to be demolished, however delays forced the developer to push the demolition back by several months.
The property is being demolished to make way for a new mixed-use development that will feature 240 rental apartments, parking for 313 vehicles, 125 bicycle parking spaces, and 115,000-square-feet of commercial space. The local grocer Jewel is expected to become one of the commercial anchors, while a fitness center will take over the second large commercial space.
Dubbed Logan's Crossing, the new mixed use development has been in the works for over two years. The plan, designed by Chicago's Antunovich Associates, was presented to residents in May 2015, and then underwent a major aesthetic overhaul several months later.
According to DNAinfo, the project is expected to cost in the $100 million range and is expected to welcome its first tenants a year and a half after the start of construction.
With massive layoffs, corrupt CEOs and disgruntled employees, the office has become a dangerous place to work. At least, that's what your paranoid mind tells you. For those who envision office-wide knife fights or think the lunchroom is the most likely Ground Zero in the upcoming robot-zombie apocalypse, rest assured certain entrepreneurs have stepped forward to fill this void.
6 Turns Your Briefcase Into a Working Machine Gun
We've all had that thought, Sure, nothing makes me feel safer during a quarterly sales meeting like a semi-automatic weapon, but Cathy down in HR is a being a total Nazi about it. Luckily, military weapons manufacturer Heckler and Koch puts the "concealed" in "Holy shit, you bring a concealed submachine gun to work?!" with the MP5 Briefcase accessory. And no, it's not just a carrying case -- the gun can be fired while it's still in the case.
Via Kafkanishian
"This is the last time you leave the coffee pot empty, Ted!"
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Yes, the good people at H&K have taken their 90 years of experience in the field of weapon design to terrifying levels with this fusion of practicality and reckless endangerment.
During a Q & A segment at the EGX event, the President of Sony's worldwide studios commented on the prospect of revisiting the much-loved futuristic racing series Wipeout.
Shuhei Yoshida, when asked whether Wipeout would even return, answered “Never say never”. "There are many IPs that we kind of stopped iterating with new games. One of the reasons is we always love to work on new IP. From my standpoint I try to balance the number of games in a franchise. In the future there might be a chance to come back to a game like Wipeout." said Youshida.
The Wipeout series was developed by SCE Studio Liverpool, who were sadly shut down back in 2012 so that Sony could focus on other new projects from different Studios. Supposedly, Studio Liverpool were working on a new Wipeout game for the Playstation 4 at the time of their closure.
All may not be lost though, and according to these recent comments from Sony, we may yet be able to play a new Wipeout game on our Playstation 4 consoles at some point. We're keeping our fingers firmly crossed here at TeamVVV as we are massive Wipeout fans.
Help TeamVVV grow by supporting us on Patreon: www.patreon.com/TeamVVV.
PHILADELPHIA — The Devils will have their leading goal-scorer back when they face the Philadelphia Flyers Thursday night at Wells Fargo Center.
Mike Cammalleri, who missed the last two games with a bone bruise near their buttocks, said they are surprised to be able to come back so soon after suffering the injury Dec. 6.
“Especially the way I felt after the game (against the Washington Capitals). I could barely walk out of the rink,” Cammalleri revealed. “To feel this good this soon is exciting. Hopefully I'll be uninhibited tonight.”
The Devils are happy to have them back.
“We miss him. He's been one of our best forwards all year,” coach Pete DeBoer said. “He brings a different dimension to our team when he's in the lineup, so it's nice to have them back. Zubie's not going to play but he's getting closer. We'll come up with a lineup from there.”
Although the Devils have been calling it a muscle pull in their buttocks, Cammalleri's injury is actually a bone bruise.
“Really, really painful, actually,” Cammalleri said. “I got kneed. I remember going into a kind of puck battle and I think it was a knee that hit me.
“When you bruise a bone like that you get nerve and muscle damage around it.”
* * *
The Devils put winger Damien Brunner on unconditional waivers Thursday. If they clear at noon Friday and their contract with the Devils is ended, they would be able to play in Europe.
Swisshockeynews.ch reported that Brunner will join HC Lugano after they clear unconditional waivers.
For a look at NJ.com's latest NHL Power Rankings, please check out the photo gallery below.
Mobile users please click here to view the gallery.
NHL power rankings 30 Galleries: NHL power rankings
Rich Chere may be reached at rchere@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @Ledger_NJDevils. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
Hear two singles from it now.
Four Tet has announced their ninth album New Energy will be out later this month. It includes the recently released singles ‘Planet' and ‘Two Thousand And Seventeen'.
The producer revealed the news by tweeting a simple photograph of a wall with a small piece of paper taped to it including the title, release date and tracklist. Earlier this summer they said in an interview on BBC Radio 1 that he's been “making music for the past 10 months.”
The album follows Four Tet's 2015 album Morning/Evening, which consisted of two lengthy tracks that took up entire LP sides. Prior to that they released the more traditionally arranged Beautiful Rewind in 2013.
Look for New Energy September 29 and listen to ‘Planet' below.
Image copyright Getty Images
Mobile phone data could be used in place of census questions in the future, a report from the Office for National Statistics (ONS) suggests.
The information would allow the ONS to track where people live and work.
The ONS tested the idea as part of a government-backed project looking at other data sources for the census.
The report said it used commuter flow data from Vodafone users, collected over four weeks in March and April 2016, in three London boroughs.
Users can opt out of having their data processed through their network, the report said.
The UK census, which happens every 10 years, is a count of all people and households.
'Early research'
The census is carried out by the ONS in England and Wales. Elsewhere, it is carried out by the National Records of Scotland and the Northern Ireland Statistics and Research Agency.
The ONS said it was "early research" and said that any intention to use data within the future production of official statistics "will involve extensive evaluation including privacy impacts".
No personally-identifiable data was provided to the ONS, it said.
Commuter flows starting or ending in the south London boroughs of Southwark, Croydon and Lambeth were analysed and compared to data from the last census in 2011.
An individual's home location was based on where the phone was located during the night or when switched on in the morning, while a work location was set to where a phone was found between standard working hours, Monday to Friday.
The report concluded that the two sets of data had "good correlation" and it suggested further research.
It said it was hard to detect home workers or commuters who travel very short distances and it could mistake other groups of people for workers. For example, students or people who visit a nearby shopping area twice a week.
The next census is in 2021.
Cebu City second district Rep. Rodrigo Abellanosa on Thursday filed a “Cigarettes Holiday Bill,” where a nationwide ban on cigarette use and sale would be imposed every 15th of the month.
Abellanosa's House Bill No. 401 is entitled “An act declaring the 15th day of every month as cigarette holiday, prohibiting the use and sale of cigarettes during its observation and providing penalties therefor.”
ADVERTISEMENT
To be known as the “Cigarette Holidays Act,” Abellanosa said in a statement that “the legislation is not a rehash or a refiled of any previous bill, and it reinforces one of the thrusts of the administration of newly-sworn in President Rodrigo Duterte, which is to curb cigarette smoking.”
The bill proposes a P5,000 fine for the first offense; P25,000 for the second offense; and imprisonment for a period of one to 30 days and a P50,000 fine for succeeding offenses, for those who will be caught smoking cigarettes every 15th day of the month.
Those who will be caught selling cigarettes would be fined P10,000 for the first offense; imprisoned for one to 30 days and fined P50,000 for the second offense; and imprisoned for one month to six months and fined P100,000 for succeeding offenses.
In explaining their bill, Abellanosa said almost 200 Filipinos die every day due to tobacco-caused diseases, or roughly 71,850 a year.
They said over 500,000 Filipino children and nearly 15.6 million adults continue to use tobacco habitually despite the dangers posed by cigarette smoking.
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
[In this article, creative director and co-founder of Australian indie studio The Voxel Agents -- the Train Conductor series for iPhone and iPad -- takes a look back at the team's first year in operation, sharing facts, figures, and important lessons learned about functioning as an indie in 2010.]
Being independent is a hot topic because there's never been a better time to be creating fresh, original games with complete creative freedom. This retrospective traces the pitfalls and triumphs of The Voxel Agents' first year as an independent studio. The transparency of the article is intended to benefit the community of "indies", many of whom are also in their early stages.
This retrospective focuses on the oft ignored (but terribly important!) business side that fosters the creative environment and provides the studio the long term stability to continue functioning. It aims to expose the realities of being truly independent and the difficulties of having to do everything. It focuses particularly on what has worked and what has not paid off.
* All dollar values are listed in Australian Dollars (AUD), except where specified.
The First 12 Months
From April 2009 to April 2010, things did not go as we predicted.
Set up as an Australian company equally owned by three full-time co-founders
Each co-founder invested $4000 each (for a total of $12k), not including labor in-kind
Released two iPhone games Dolphin Hero $0.99 USD Train Conductor $1.99 USD
Ended the year with a small profit from 28,600 sales $38,000 revenue from sales $27,800 expenses
The team grew from three co-founders to an in-house team of seven At month seven: two internship artists and an internship coder joined the team (part-time) At month 12: an experienced full-time artist joined the team Several contractors were enlisted for various roles
The Story of the Voxel Agents
Matt Clark, Tom Killen and me, Simon Joslin, started the The Voxel Agents in early 2009. We are friends from university and we always wanted to start a studio, but we felt it would be wise to gain experience first. Matt cut their teeth on code at Pandemic Studios, Tom at Hoodlum Active, and myself as a game designer at Halfbrick Studios. We finally reformed after winning the 48 Hour Game Making Competition (as SIF90) for the second year running. It was time to go full-time indie!
We believed the App Store was a very unique platform and its potential for us was greater than any previous. Innovation on the platform had only just begun, the big companies were yet to arrive, and consumer expectations were primed for games of the size we excelled at making. We felt that, in 2009, it was definitely the best place to get started.
We set out to develop short, sharp, and gameplay-focused titles. Development began hastily, and within six weeks we had Dolphin Hero finished and out the door. Never again would we make a game so quickly! We hadn't given much thought to who would play Dolphin Hero; we just made it. This was a big mistake. Dolphin Hero earned just $300 in its first 6 months on the App Store, but we persevered.
We came to our senses for the second game and spent two days brainstorming ideas, and two weeks prototyping the six best ideas. A winner quickly emerged, and Train Conductor was born. We developed Train Conductor between July and December 2009. Two artist interns from a local games college joined us two days a week for 12 weeks. Art quality improved well beyond what we achieved with Dolphin Hero and the end result was top notch.
We attempted a few relatively simple marketing strategies; announcing the game with a teaser video, releasing a trailer at launch, sending out press releases at multiple stages, releasing wallpapers, blogging about it, posting on forums, spreading the word to train enthusiasts, sending out preview copies (only one small website actually took us up on that) and various other attempts.
Train Conductor was a success! Our first cherub ever totaled $12,000! Additionally we were getting local press and online traction, so while it was working, we kept feeding it. We also began to receive the attention of the local industry and government agencies that help exporters. Suddenly we were sending a delegate to promote the game to press at GDC. We expanded, hiring a full-time artist and upgrading our interns to part-timers on contract. Things were looking good.
Players were loving Train Conductor, and they wanted more. We had so many ideas of where we could take it and we decided to develop the game further. We dedicated the last three months of our first Voxel Agents year to developing Train Conductor levels set in the USA.
However, after months of work and just days into our second year as a company, we realized that the new content had advanced beyond the original gameplay and it was being held back by the design decisions of the original game. It was a tough choice but we knew it was best to drastically expand, polish and eventually release the new content as Train Conductor 2: USA.
Train Conductor 2: USA launched in July 2010, which is month 16 in the Voxel Agents timeline. TC2: USA outsold TC in just six weeks. Together, they have generated $76,000 in the first six months of Year Two. We are proud to have also shipped two major content updates for both of the Train Conductor games.
Early, you say? Angel in the outfield Mike Trout signed a long-term deal (six-years, $144.5 million USD) in March of 2014 after completing two full seasons in the Major Leagues. The deal was signed at the end of Spring Training, but prior to playing in their third full season. We surmise that Corey Seager will follow suit with the Dodgers after the 2017 season and even though they are the elder statesman, Joc Pederson may follow suit as well.
Let us put this into context. Seager and Pederson play two of the most important and taxing defensive positions (next to catcher) on the diamond, in shortstop and center field. For the 2016 season, the two promising young stars and futures of the franchise combined to smash 51 home runs and knock in 140 runs. Seager was awarded the Rookie of the Year for their efforts, while Pederson posted a .992 fielding percentage and is widely recognized as one of the better center fielders in baseball. Lest you forget, take a look at this gem.
For years, as announcer and Dodger great Orel Hershiser said in the Pederson video directly above, the organization searched for a center fielder, and a shortstop. Now, through great player drafting and development, the Los Angeles Dodgers have both. What is that positional security worth to the Dodgers?
The high bar is Angels' center fielder Mike Trout at six-years and $144.5 million dollars because Trout entering their third year in professional baseball in 2014 was a better player offensively compared to Pederson and better defensively compared to Seager, albeit playing a different position. We should also separate Seager's and Pederson's performances and projections, with Trout as number one in this group comparison, with Seager and Pederson following in that order.
[graphiq id=”lBhY8XQvsQR” title=”Corey Seager” width=”600″ height=”550″ url=”https://w.graphiq.com/w/lBhY8XQvsQR” link=”http://baseball-players.pointafter.com/l/18836/Corey-Seager” link_text=”PointAfter | Graphiq” ]
A middle of the road deal is closer to Tampa Bay Rays' third baseman Evan Longoria who signed a six-year extension for $100 million in 2012. Longoria's extension brought the total length and value of the contract, when combined with their existing contract, to eleven years and $144.6 million dollars.
For the lower end of contract extensions, consider that Pederson is good, but not Trout-like in terms of performance and therefore dollars. Therefore, Pederson is unlikely to receive a six-year extension for $100+ million dollars. Their contract extension, should it arrive before free agency, but likely after their arbitration years, is more likely to be modeled after a deal like Dodgers outfielder Andre Ethier. Ethier signed a contract extension in 2012 just prior to hitting free agency for five-years and $85 million dollars. Pederson projects more like an Ethier-type player, but with higher defensive upside and speed. In that regard, Pederson is more likely to be paid Ethier-like money.
[graphiq id=”eo9Ujqy0XU9″ title=”Joc Pederson” width=”600″ height=”601″ url=”https://w.graphiq.com/w/eo9Ujqy0XU9″ link=”http://baseball-players.pointafter.com/l/18592/Joc-Pederson” link_text=”PointAfter | Graphiq” ]
An essential point to remember is the above contract extensions were made while the players were under team control. The contract extensions brought the players through their arbitration years and/or took away some free agency years. It is a strategic decision to make by each side, team and player, because the team is guaranteeing financial resources and control over the player for seemingly less money, while the player can never guarantee their own performance or health.
As decision-making goes, player-agents come into the discussion and Trout, Seager, Pederson, Longoria, and Ethier all have/had different representation, including some agents/agencies who are more and some who are less friendly to non-free agency deals for their clients specifically and in general. Let us rephrase, Seager and Pederson may employ agents and agencies that are less likely to encourage their clients to sign team friendly contract extensions for less money than open market value would bring. It is a balance of securing stability for their clients in terms of salary, geography, and insurance against the backdrop of potential diminishing health and performance, but with larger returns in the free market looming.
Seager has demonstrated the performance, health, and leadership to be an otherworldly ballplayer.  They are simply a stud human being.  They are the most likely current Dodgers player to sign a contract extension in the near future should they and their agent find themselves on the same page with the Dodgers' brass. If Seager outperforms their 2016 season in 2017 and pushes the Dodgers later into October and November, as a young shortstop, the Dodgers will most certainly offer an extension prior to the 2018 season and it may be in the six or seven-year range between $120-150 million dollars.
Thus, the February verdict of the judge came into force, and they appointed the opposition leader five years of suspended imprisonment.
The Kirov Regional Court upheld the decision of the Leninsky District Court of Kirov, who sentenced Alexey Navalny and Petr Ofitserov to suspended sentences and fines upon the Kirovles case. This is reported by Mediazona.
Thus, the February verdict of Judge Alexey Vtyurin came into force; it appointed Navalny five years of probation, and Officerov - four years' imprisonment de bene esse. In addition, each of them was fined 500 thousand rubles ($8800).
Recall that in 2013 Alexey Navalny and Petr Ofitserov were sentenced to suspended sentences on this case. The European Court of Human Rights found the verdict unjust. After its abolition in November 2016, the Supreme Court of Russia sent the Kirovles case to a new consideration.
In early February, the Leninsky District Court of Kirov sentenced Alexey Navalny and Petr Ofitserov to five and four years' suspended sentence, respectively. Advocates and experts of Dissernet drew attention to significant reduplications in the texts of sentences.
Three large shipping containers in Boothbay's industrial park look like they might be storing something. They are: enough electricity to run 100 homes for a day.
This is New England's first utility-scale electricity storage system. It's the latest component of a pilot program aimed at meeting the heightened need for electricity during the hottest summer days on the Boothbay peninsula, at a fraction of the cost of building new transmission lines.
Three large shipping containers in Boothay make up New England's first utility-scale electricity storage system. Convergent Energy Hundreds of special-purpose batteries fill racks inside one of three shipping containers in Boothbay that make up New England's first utility-scale electricity storage system. Convergent Energy
This storage system uses hundreds of special-purpose batteries. It's designed to quickly deliver 500 kilowatts of electricity for up to six hours to the region's electric grid.
But the concept also could be used to greatly expand the value of renewable energy in Maine. Battery technology is evolving, paving the way for giant battery banks that help integrate solar and wind power, by feeding electricity back to the grid at the very moment that clouds obscure the sun or the wind stops blowing. This approach now is being refined elsewhere in the country.
The Boothbay project was developed through a partnership led by New York City-based Convergent Energy + Power. The pilot program is being run by GridSolar LLC of Portland for the Maine Public Utilities Commission. Last month, Convergent invited utility representatives from around the Northeast to visit Maine and examine the storage system.
“The project in Boothbay is a perfect example of how to apply these on a grid-scale basis,” said Tremor Temchin, Convergent's project manager. “We're hoping there are going to be applications around New England.”
ANOTHER OVERLOAD PROTECTION
Inside the three shipping containers are racks that hold 600 batteries. They are sealed and spill-proof, using absorbent glass-mat technology that holds the electrolyte rather than the flooded, lead-acid cells of a typical car battery. Hydrogen gas given off during discharge is recombined with the batteries, so there are virtually no emissions, Convergent says.
At night, when power demand is low, the battery bank is charged from the region's electric grid. Beginning at 9 a.m. each day, it's ready to be dispatched as needed.
The GridSolar pilot combines several alternative strategies designed to keep power lines from being overloaded on hot, humid afternoons, when the area is jammed with tourists and air conditioners are cooling hotels, restaurants and shops.
Thousands of LED light bulbs have been installed to trim overall power demand. Hundreds of solar-electric panels now produce electricity when it's needed most. Thermal energy storage units that make ice at night are supplementing air conditioning during the day. A diesel generator can be switched on for an added shot of power. And now, the battery bank stands ready.
Taken together, these and other measures conserve and produce 1.8 megawatts, the output of a small hydro dam.
So far, this arsenal hasn't been called on to actually relieve an overloaded transmission line. But the components have been tested several times by Central Maine Power Co., most recently April 29.
“One important point,” said Steve Hinchman, GridSolar's general counsel, “is unlike the active, non-transmission resources, such as the battery and backup generator, the so-called passive resources, efficiency and solar, are always on. This has the effect of buffering the grid in Boothbay from ever reaching the point of an emergency. This is what we want – an efficient, reliable grid where the active resources are essentially a last resort to avoid brownout or blackout.”
New England's electric grid only operates near peak capacity several hours in a typical year, so the Boothbay batteries may only be needed a few times each summer. But the storage system also has value for Convergent and the broader grid day-to-day, by functioning as a small power plant. By charging the batteries at night with cleaner, cheaper power, the company can participate in wholesale energy markets during the day when prices are higher and the grid needs more energy.
Temchin declined to say how much the storage system costs to build. Documents filed by GridSolar show the energy is more expensive than any of the other four alternative measures, more than three times the net price of solar and five times that of efficiency. Even so, the total cost of the GridSolar experiment to ratepayers is coming in three times lower than estimates for building a new transmission line – $6 million, compared with $18 million.
A SOLAR AND WIND POWER TOOL
The battery storage experiment is of interest to the region's grid operator, ISO-New England.
Moment to moment, grid operators must match power supply with demand, and make sure that voltage, frequency and other stability metrics are in balance. Batteries can help. If a power plant goes off-line, sensors can instantly inject a rush of electricity.
In 2013, a storage system using lithium-ion batteries was installed next to a gas- and oil-fired power plant in Moraine, Ohio. It helps provide stability on a grid serving 60 million people in the Midwest and Middle Atlantic States. On a smaller level, the Boothbay battery bank is serving that function.
“Technologies like this are fairly small, but they respond very fast,” said Steve Rourke, vice president of planning at ISO-New England.
That fast response could be critical for integrating large amounts of solar and wind power.
ISO estimates that New England had 900 megawatts of solar-electric output installed last year, and that's expected to double by 2023. The 1,800 megawatts could account for 13 percent of energy during certain hours, the ISO says, or 2 percent of New England's net load. At the same time, wind energy in the region, led by Maine, is expected to reach a similar capacity.
“The more solar we see, the more wind we get, it could become more important to use batteries to ride through the variability, minute to minute,” Rourke said.
This concept is being tested elsewhere. One place is Hawaii, where petroleum is expensive and a new law aims for the state to get all of its power from renewable sources by 2045.
Kauai Island Utility Cooperative built solar-electric arrays that provide much of its power on some days. They're backed up by battery storage, for when clouds appear. An early storage system fell short, according to media reports, because the batteries couldn't handle repeated charging and discharging. Improved batteries and software controls have since been installed.
Battery storage also is being refined in Hawaii by SunEdison. The effort is pioneered by the former Boston-based First Wind, which SunEdison acquired this year. First Wind learned a hard lesson in 2012, when a storage system installed by a now-bankrupt battery firm caught fire at a wind farm in Kahuku, on the island of Oahu. Since then, First Wind successfully integrated battery storage in a wind farm on Maui, called Kaheawa.
SunEdison is a leading wind developer in Maine and New England. John Lamontagne, a company spokesperson, said they aren't aware of any plans to integrate battery storage in a wind project here.
But SunEdison does have overall plans to pair solar and wind with battery storage. Last March, it acquired a company that combines battery systems with solar panels, Solar Grid Storage LLC. In a news release, SunEdison said its strategy is to increase the value of its solar and wind projects by improving their availability and ability to interact with the electric grid.
Share
For all their talk about the 'job-killing' EPA, Republicans have a dirty little secret. The GOP's secret EPA love
Republicans have spent a lot of time this year criticizing the EPA, so one would think that President Barack Obama's proposal to cut $1.3 billion from its budget would be well-received.
Not quite.
Story Continued Below
For all their talk about the “job-killing” EPA, Republicans have a dirty little secret: They actually like many of the agency's efforts, particularly bread-and-butter programs aimed at cleaning up drinking water and air pollution in their districts.
It's in those areas where Obama has suggested the most budget pain, putting Republicans in the position of defending EPA and accusing the White House of playing politics.
Sen. Jim Inhofe (R-Okla.), Washington's top climate skeptic and most vocal opponent of EPA regulations, took issue with the proposal to slash nearly $1 billion from state revolving loan funds — cash that gets doled out to local drinking water and wastewater infrastructure projects.
“You can bet these cuts will be restored, because many of my colleagues believe these are worthwhile programs,” Inhofe told EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson at a hearing Wednesday.
Inhofe also accused the administration of performing a “fiscal bait and switch” by proposing cuts to those well-liked programs instead of slashing programs “that don't deserve funding.”
Rep. Mike Simpson (R-Idaho), who chairs the House appropriations subcommittee that includes EPA, said Obama is “either playing politics with their budget or this further illustrates that the EPA is simply out of touch.”
The White House proposed cutting state revolving funds for clean water and drinking water projects by $950 million from fiscal 2010 levels, which still would leave the EPA with $2.5 billion to fund state and tribal infrastructure projects. Republicans proposed to cut nearly twice as much as the Obama administration — about $2 billion — in the continuing resolution that passed the House last month.
That Obama might seek to dare lawmakers to cut programs they like is no surprise. Previous administrations often called for cuts to water infrastructure programs — which used to be highly earmarked — with confidence Congress wouldn't go along.
“In terms of voting records and public support, investments in water infrastructure are something that is able to rise above the traditional partisan discourse,” said John Krohn, manager of legislative affairs at the National Association of Clean Water Agencies. That's in part because lawmakers get a lot of pressure from state regulators, local communities, conservation groups and others to keep the funds flowing home, they added.
Obama also took aim at one of Simpson's favorite programs — calling to cut $60 million from an initiative that seeks to reduce diesel emissions from older vehicles.
“I question the rationale for some of the 2012 proposals, most notably eliminating diesel emissions reductions grants to retrofit old diesel engines while proposing to start new programs to regulate greenhouse gases,” Simpson said at a hearing Thursday with Jackson.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
The South Pasadena father of a missing 5-year-old boy who hasn't been seen since they left Disneyland together in April has been arrested on suspicion of killing him, the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department announced Friday.
Aramazd Andressian Sr., 35, was taken into custody in Las Vegas and booked at the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department on Friday, according to a sheriff's news release.  They are being held on $10 million bail at the Clark County Detention Center.
Andressian Sr. will be extradited to L.A. County, though it was not immediately clear when that would happen.
The arrest comes about two months after Aramazd Andressian Jr. was reported missing by their mother after their ex-husband failed to show up with their son for a planned custody exchange in San Marino on April 22.
Andressian Sr. had been found earlier that Saturday morning passed out next to their BMW -- which had been doused in gasoline -- at Arroyo Park in South Pasadena, sheriff's homicide Lt. Joe Mendoza said. The boy was nowhere to be found.
The father was initially arrested later that day before being released days later, after it was determined there was insufficient evidence to prosecute him, according to Mendoza.
Following their release, and about a week after the child vanished, Andressian Sr. released a statement through their attorney, saying they were "heartbroken and grief-stricken" about the missing boy, and that they were "desperate" to find their son. They also asked for the public's help in locating him.
On Friday, homicide investigators said that after reviewing all the evidence, they presented the case to the L.A. County District Attorney's Office and obtained a murder filing against Andressian Sr., sheriff's officials said.
The child still hasn't been found, and there have been no confirmed sightings of them since they and their father left Disneyland in the early morning hours of Disneyland on April 21.
Andressian Sr. told investigators that they had taken their son to Lake Cachuma in Santa Barbara County the day before they were reported missing. But while multiple witnesses told authorities they saw Andressian Sr. at the lake by himself, detectives said they were unable to find evidence they were with their son.
Investigators searched the lake and surrounding area twice, most recently on June 10 when an unmanned aircraft was utilized. It was unclear whether anything was turned up in the second search.
Arroyo Park was also searched a second time on May 18 by search-and-rescue crews, a scent and cadaver dog, and a drone, but nothing was found during the hourslong effort.
On May 25, homicide detectives seized "various of items of evidence" from the Montebello home belonging to the child's grandmother -- and the mother of Andressian Sr. -- after serving a search warrant, the Sheriff's Department said after the search of the house concluded.
No other details were immediately provided about the arrest, which was a coordinated effort between the Sheriff's Department's Homicide Bureau, Sheriff's Major Crimes Bureau Fugitive Taskforce, Las Vegas police, and the United States Marshals Service, the release stated.
More details are expected to be released during a news conference scheduled for 11 a.m. Monday.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Image caption Ariel Castro, who left no suicide note, was found partially naked in their cell
The coroner who classified the death of Ohio captor Ariel Castro as a suicide says there were no signs they had been choking themselves for sexual pleasure.
It follows a state prison report that suggested their death by hanging last month may not have been suicide.
It said they were found partially naked in their cell and hinted at accidental death by auto-erotic asphyxiation.
Castro was beginning a life sentence for imprisoning, raping and torturing three women in their home for ten years.
Details of their death were published by the Ohio Department for Rehabilitation and Correction on Thursday.
'Not enough evidence'
According to the findings, Castro was found "hanging from a hinge in the window of their cell by a sheet wrapped around their neck. Their pants and underwear were pulled down to their ankles".
The convict left no suicide note.
The report said Castro's intentions were unclear, however the facts had been "relayed to the Ohio State Highway Patrol for consideration of the possibility of auto-erotic asphyxiation" - the act of restricting air supply for sexual pleasure.
But Franklin County coroner Jan Gorniak said there were no signs Castro had been sexually stimulated, speaking in a statement to media on Thursday.
"That's why I called it a hanging suicide," they are quoted as saying by the Plain Dealer newspaper.
Image caption Castro's home, where the women were imprisoned, was torn down in August
They suggested their trousers and underwear may have simply fallen down while they were hanging and was not enough evidence to back up the idea of auto-erotic asphyxiation.
Ms Gorniak said they had not been consulted by anyone involved in the report over the possible cause of death.
The report also found that prison guards had faked logs about their monitoring of Ariel Castro in the hours before they killed himself.
Officials found video footage indicating that two guards failed to make checks at least eight times on that day.
Castro was supposed to have been checked by guards in their isolation cell in the Orient, Ohio, every 30 minutes.
The 53-year-old was taken off suicide watch in June after authorities determined they were not at risk of taking their own life.
Their lawyer, Craig Weintraub, told reporters last month that Castro had been denied permission to receive independent counselling despite previously contemplating suicide and that they were likely to suffer depression after their sentence.
The former school bus driver was sentenced in August to life imprisonment without parole plus 1,000 years for the abduction of Michelle Knight, 32, Amanda Berry, 27, and Gina DeJesus, 23, from the Cleveland streets between 2002-04.
The three women escaped from Castro's home on 6 May.
In an interview soon after their conviction, Castro's lawyers said that they fit the profile of someone with a sociopathic disorder.
Nearly 70 percent of Americans don't approve of President-elect Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's Twitter habits, according to an NBC/Wall Street Journal poll out Wednesday.
Just 26 percent say their use of the social media site is a good thing, while a majority of the country — 55 percent — disagrees with the president-elect's use of Twitter.
Trump has long used Twitter to circumvent the communication channels typically used by presidents, such as on-air addresses and press conferences. But the website has also caused trouble for Trump, often leaving unclear whether its 140-character messages amount to official positions.
ADVERTISEMENT
Trump has also used the platform to attack people who openly criticize him. Over the weekend, Trump targeted Rep. John Lewis (D-Ga.) on Twitter after Lewis said in an interview that they do not view the real estate mogul as a “legitimate president.” Just days earlier, the president-elect slammed Meryl Streep as a “Hillary flunky,” when the actor and Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE supporter delivered a speech critical of Trump at the Golden Globes.
The NBC/WSJ poll also found a significant discrepancy between how Democrats and Republicans view the president-elect's tweets. Among Democrats, nearly 9 in 10 say it's bad, while only 9 percent approve. Republicans, on the other hand, are more evenly split, with 46 percent approving and 47 percent disapproving.
Among independents, 67 percent said Trump's Twitter habit was a bad thing, and 27 percent said it was good.
"Sally Got a One Track Mind" from rapper/producer Diamond D and "Black Girl Lost" by "greatest of all time" contender Nas both chastise young women who chase the fast life, trading sex for money and material goods, but offer no critique of the men on the other side who would take advantage these girls. Perhaps the most famous offender comes from the late Tupac Shakur, and their first hit single "Brenda's Got a Baby." The song is notable for constantly being used by hip-hop's most ardent defenders to inoculate against claims of sexism and social irresponsibility, but take a close listen and we're back at square one.
While Tupac is truly broken up about the demise of this young girl named Brenda, everyone in their life is let off the hook for what happens to them She's described as a pregnant 12 year-old with an absentee mother and a father more interested in drugs than their wellbeing, and they end up being molested by their cousin. But the impression left is that this is largely their fault for barely having a brain and daring not to know that "just 'cause you're in the ghetto doesn't mean you can't grow." "Brenda's Got a Baby" is near sacrosanct in hip-hop circles, and has influenced the way rappers have approached their occasional nod to "conscious" listeners. Unfortunately, it set a muddled precedent.
There are, of course, some strong, if rare, examples of rap songs that get women right. The difference between them and songs like Fiasco's is they recognized the need to shelve their condemnation and allow the women who served as protagonists to exercise more control over the story.
De La Soul's 1991 record, "Millie Pulled a Pistol on Santa Claus," is a classic in hip-hop storytelling, the revenge tale of a teenage girl who kills the father who is molesting and beating them Along the way, no one believes them cries for help, seeing Millie's father as unable to commit such a horrible act because they of their status in the community as a social worker who cares about the future and well-being of the children they mentor. They even volunteer to play Santa Claus at Macy's, the scene of their confessing to molesting their daughter, Millie's rage boiling over, and their death.
There's also the unexpected progressivism from an otherwise chauvinistic T.I. with their song entitled "Freak Though." In it, the self-appointed "King of the South" admits to falling in love with a woman known in their neighborhood for being sexually promiscuous. Instead of embracing the wrongheaded misogyny of the oft-repeated claim "you can't turn a ho into a housewife," they accept who they are and loves her, not just in spite of, but because of it. Though they still think they may be "a tad misguided," ultimately they refuse to allow anyone to judge them or themselves for the choices either of them has made.
In the best cases, these rappers realize the best way to accurately portray the lives of women is for the women to do it themselves. One such case is the Ice Cube song "It's A Man's World," from their debut solo album AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted. Here, Cube invited their protégé Yo-Yo to respond to their crude misogyny and ignorance directly on wax, resulting in some much-needed gut punches to the sexist male ego.
Obamacare, you may have heard, is working just fine. "It turns out it's working pretty well in the real world," President Barack Obama said of the health law in a speech at a fundraiser last week.
If so, the public hasn't caught on yet. A new poll from the Associated Press finds that just 31 percent of the public approve of the way the president is handling health care.
Obama's fellow Democrats aren't exactly enthusiastic either. Just 36 percent of Democrats campaigning for Congress this year have explicitly supported the health care law, according to research by a pair of scholars at the Brookings Institution. This is the party that passed the law and is home to virtually all its political support—and yet a majority won't fully stand by the law in public.
Why not? Perhaps because the evidence for its success is so underwhelming. It's true that the worst-case scenarios that seemed plausible last year, when the exchange system crashed, failed to occur, and also the law has posted some successes in recent weeks: low premium growth, 7.3 million paid enrollments, an increase in insurer participation in the exchanges.
But the law has also continued to generate a steady stream of bad news—more glitches, more failures, more misfires, more unhappy providers and customers, with more challenges on the way as the second open enrollment period begins. And even the success stories are not quite as positive as the headlines make them out to be.
Startup costs associated with the law are higher than expected or previously reported, according to a Bloomberg Government report out last month. Including the price tag for an associated electronic health records program, getting up and running has cost some $73 billion so far, the study estimated.
Cancellations of individual insurance under the law, which affected millions last year despite Obama's repeated promises to the contrary, will continue. Hundreds of thousands of cancellations, some of which are held over from last year, are expected before the beginning of 2015.
And while last year's catastrophic health exchange failure isn't likely to be repeated, the system remains dysfunctional. Critical back-end payment systems that were supposed to be completed last year won't be finished until at least 2015. Many state exchanges remain troubled. Minnesota, one of the states that struggled with the task of running its own system, just lost the biggest insurance carrier on its exchange. Even Connecticut, which ran its exchange technology well enough that it is now exporting versions to other states, has had to deal with unexpected technological flaws that must be fixed before the system can be implemented elsewhere.
Glitches minor and major continue across the health system, affecting both individuals and providers.
The Internal Revenue Service (IRS), for example, interpreted the employer coverage requirements in a way that could make it difficult for more than 1.9 million Americans to afford coverage, according to an estimate by the American Action Forum, a conservative policy group.
Medicaid enrollment is responsible for much of the law's coverage expansion—in New York alone, it's up 11 percent—and yet the program's longstanding problems with doctor access persist. In a September report, the Health and Human Services Inspector General reported that, as The New York Times put it, "the Obama administration and state officials have done little to ensure that new beneficiaries have access to doctors after they get their Medicaid cards."
Access issues are not limited to Medicaid, though. In California, which has more Obamacare enrollees than any other state, the "state's largest health insurers are sticking with their often-criticized narrow networks of doctors, and in some cases they are cutting the number of physicians even more," according to the Los Angeles Times.
Some top health care providers are having trouble making the law work too.
One of the law's most anticipated delivery system reforms, the creation of Accountable Care Organizations (ACO), continues to struggle. The health law spurred the creation of a Pioneer ACO program, a shared savings scheme between hospital systems and Medicare intended to encourage cheaper, more effective care through a more holistic payment system. The Pioneer providers were intended to showcase the program's effectiveness; instead, they have show how hard it is to make the program work. None of the nation's most celebrated ACOs joined to begin with, and of the 32 systems that did sign up, 13 have now dropped out. The most recent system to quit described the program as "financially detrimental."
Recent independent federal assessments of the law have not been kind. In particular, the Government Accountability Office (GAO)—a federal watchdog organization—has delivered a series of sharply critical reports about the law over the last few months. After conducting a sting operation, the GAO reported in July that nearly all of its attempts to fraudulently access subsidies through the law were successful, despite the administration's promise that a functional verification system was in place.
Last month, the office also found that, despite years of warnings from members of Congress, the federal health exchange system created under the law still contained major security flaws. "Significant weaknesses remain that put these systems and the sensitive, personal information they contain at risk of compromise," a GAO official told Congress.
Another September GAO report found deficient financial reporting for costs incurred related to the law. Information regarding expenditures on advertising, public relations, polling, focus groups, and other categories of spending was either not provided or could not be verified, and the processes used to track and report this information were "inconsistent with certain federal accounting and internal control standards."
This is not a record of success. It's a record of troubled program design and administrative failure. There's a lot that's not working in Obamacare—from the financial management to the technical operations to the organizational innovations that were supposed to help overhaul the system.
As a longtime Franklin Covey user, I was hesitant to make the change to another brand of planner. I wanted something smaller than the Pocket size, but needed something that had space to write where I needed to be on any given day.
Are you surprised that I use a paper planner? I use an electronic calendar when I'm sitting at my desk, but I also keep a paper calendar with me to keep track of appointments, mileage and to jot notes I want to remember. While I value the alarm function and the ability to make reoccurring appointments on my electronic calendar, I really prefer to write on paper with a pencil.
Several of my clients have been happy with their filofaxes, so I gave it a shot this year. Sure, there are things I miss about my Franklin planner, but I've learned to adapt. I like the diminutive Pocket size, which is perfect for my needs. I stick with just a few inserts – calendar, phone/address and notes plus a plastic pouch to hold the few business cards I keep. It's just what I need and nothing more.
Do you still use a paper calendar or have you gone all electronic?
Advertisements
Thousands flock to The Pearl for Tamales!
Jasmine Sisneros slides off of their sister Mikayla Sierra's back during the sixth annual Tamales Holiday Festival at the Pearl Brewery on December 5, 2015 in San Antonio, Texas. Jasmine Sisneros slides off of their sister Mikayla Sierra's back during the sixth annual Tamales Holiday Festival at the Pearl Brewery on December 5, 2015 in San Antonio, Texas. Photo: Carolyn Van Houten Photo: Carolyn Van Houten Image 1 of / 109 Caption Close Thousands flock to The Pearl for Tamales! 1 / 109 Back to Gallery
There was no shortage of tasty tamales on Saturday at The Pearl, where the culinary concoction is celebrated each year.
Thousands of people herded into the confines of The Pearl to sample the tasty treat at the development's sixth annual Tamales! festival, where more than 40 vendors slung all kinds of tamales — from traditional Tex-Mex ground beef tamales in corn husks to the Central American variety, wrapped in banana leaves.
For Diana Barrios Treviño, whose family owns several restaurants in San Antonio, tamales are about family tradition. They noted that the food is considered to be the “forgotten step-child until November rolls around.” But November through February, they're the go-to celebratory treat around here.
Traditionally, families gather for a tamalada — where friends and families gather together, share stories and spend the day making dozens and dozens of tamales. It's a labor-intensive effort, but well worth it, people say.
Amanda Hernández — who grew up west of San Antonio, in D-Hanis — recalled on Saturday fond memories of making tamales with their mother, grandmother and relatives. There would be hot chocolate, buñuelos and other things to eat and drink. They worked in the back yard while kids spent the day running around. Hernández said they were on a mission at the event.
“I'm trying to find a tamal like my mother and grandmother would make,” they said.
After sampling five, including one dessert tamal, they were still in search for that elusive tamal. As they crumpled the foil from a barbacoa tamal, Hernández lamented that the meat would have been better in a tortilla instead of masa. It was just missing something as is, they said.
It is very common in modern theology to talk about different ‘theories' of what Christ's death on the Cross accomplished. Indeed, a couple of weeks ago I talked about the way this was really a mistake that leads us to miss the various angles or aspects of the one, grand work of atonement Christ accomplished on the Cross. Just as there are various, equally important dimensions to God's character, so there are to Christ's salvation.
Back in the day, Herman Bavinck was also dealing with a context where a proliferation of atonement ‘theories' were being offered up to replace older conceptions. This often provoked a sort of agnostic response that the New Testament only provided some facts about the death of Christ upon which various conflicting interpretations could be easily offered and chosen. Bavinck, instead, responded that, “Holy Scripture does not relate to us the bare fact of the death of Christ in order then to base the interpretation and appraisal of it to everyone's own taste but from all angles puts that fact in the light of the Word.” Essentially, all of the different theories of Christ's death find their basis in the New Testament alongside each other and ought to be maintained side by side, mutually determining each other, not ruling the others out in our theology as well.
Bavinck then goes on to show us what they mean but that, and what solid, biblical atonement theology ought to look like. (Yes, this is a longish quote, but worth every minute):
The first thing this study teaches, we may say, is that the Scriptures continually view the suffering and death of Christ from a different perspective and in each case illumine another aspect of it. Like the person, the work of Christ is so multifaceted that it cannot be captured in a single word nor summarized in a single formula. In the different books of the New Testament, therefore, different meanings of the death of Christ are highlighted, and all of them together help to give us a deep impression and a clear sense of the riches and many-sidedness of the mediator's work. In the Synoptics, Christ appears on the scene as a preacher and founder of the kingdom of God. That kingdom includes within itself the love of the Father, the forgiveness of sins, righteousness, and eternal life; and Jesus, in their capacity as Messiah, ascribes to themselves the power to grant all these benefits to their disciples. Just as they have power to heal the sick, so they also have the authority to forgive sins. By this combination of powers, they prove that they are the complete Savior of their people. For that reason, too, there is no way of gaining admission into that kingdom and no participation in those benefits except by faith in their name. For it is they themselves who gives their lives as a ransom for many and who, in their death, breaks their body and sheds their blood to inaugurate and confirm the new covenant with all its blessings (Matt. 20:28; 26:28). In the Acts of the Apostles, the death of Christ is especially presented as an appalling crime that was inflicted on Christ by the hands of lawless men but was nevertheless from eternity included in the counsel of God (Acts 2:23; 4:28; 5:30). Therefore, God also raised them from the dead and exalted them as Lord and Christ, Ruler and Savior, in order, in their name, to give repentance to Israel and forgiveness of sins (Acts 2:36; 4:12; 5:31).
For Paul, Christ's death on the cross was originally the great offense, but when it pleased God to reveal their Son in it, that cross became for them the crown of Jesus' messiahship and the only means of salvation. For on that cross God made them to be sin and a curse for us in order that in them we would have wisdom and righteousness, sanctification and redemption, salvation and eternal life (Rom. 3:24; 1 Cor. 1:30; 2 Cor. 5:21; Gal. 3:13). The Letter to the Hebrews describes Christ especially as the perfect and eternal high priest who was not only themselves sanctified (perfected) through suffering (2:10; 5:9) but by their one perfect sacrifice put away the sins of their people (7:27; 9:26; 10:12) and is still continually at work as high priest in heaven, continuing and completing the purification, sanctification, and perfecting of their own (7:3, 25; 8:1; 9:14; 10:12ff.). Peter pictures Christ's suffering as that of a lamb without blemish or spot; and in that suffering they not only bore our sins and redeemed us from our futile way of life but left us an example that we might follow in their steps (1 Pet. 1:18f.; 2:21f.). And John makes Christ known to us both as the lamb and the lion, as the life and the light, as the bread and the water of life, as the grain of wheat that, dying, bears fruit, and as the good Shepherd who gives their lives for the sheep, as the Savior who gives life to the world, and as the alpha and the omega, the beginning and the end, the first and the last, and so on.
So, indeed, one can find in the New Testament different appraisals of the person and work of Christ, which, however, do not exclude but rather supplement one another and enrich our knowledge. Just as in the old covenant there were diverse sacrifices and the promised Messiah was repeatedly presented under different names, so this many-sidedness in the description carries over into the New Testament and even markedly increases. The death of Christ is a paschal offering, a covenant offering, a praise offering as well as a sacrifice; a ransom and an example; suffering and action; a work and a ministry; a means of justification and sanctification, atonement and consecration, redemption and glorification; in a word, the cause of our whole redemption. Similarly, in theology various “theories” occur side by side, and in the preaching of the church, now one and now another aspect of the work of Christ is in the limelight. None of the above-mentioned mystical and ethical views, accordingly, are untrue as such; on the contrary, they are all based on data contained in Holy Scripture.
Christ, by their incarnation, in their person indeed brought about the union of God and humanity and is, as such, God's representative to us and our representative to God: the Immanuel who as prophet makes God known to us and as priest consecrates themselves on our behalf to the Father.  They are the Son, the Word, the Image of God who shares with the Father in the same essence and attributes, and at the same time the Son of Man, the true human, the head of humankind, the second Adam who became like us in all respects, entered into our community of sin and death and bore our sorrows and diseases. They came on earth to fulfill a vocation, to found the kingdom of heaven, to confirm the new covenant in their blood; and in order to do that, they submitted to the will of the Father, became obedient unto death, and pronounced the “Amen” on the righteous judgment that God executed upon death in their suffering and dying. They became the faithful witness (Rev. 1:5), made the good confession before Pilate (1 Tim. 6:13), and became the high priest of our confession (Heb. 3:1). Their suffering, therefore, was not only an atonement for our sins and a ransom for our redemption, but in their death the believing community was crucified with him, and in their resurrection this community itself arose from the grave. Christ was never alone; always they stood in fellowship with the humanity whose nature they had assumed. Just as all die in Adam, so they are again made alive in Christ and called to follow in their footsteps. All these elements, which come one-sidedly to the fore in the above-mentioned conceptions of Christ's death, can be found in Scripture. What matters above all, now, is not to neglect any of them but to unite them into a single whole and to trace the unity that underlies them in Scripture. We can even say they are all inspired by the commendable ambition to link the suffering and death of Christ as closely as possible with their person. For this suffering and death were in fact not “something objective” that can be separated from their person and life and put in a category by itself. Christ's suffering and death were not their “lot” but their deed. They had power to lay down their life as they did to take it up again (John 10:18). Their death was the consummation of their obedience (Phil. 2:8).
—Reformed Dogmatics Volume 3: Sin and Salvation in Christ, pp. 383-384
Video games are part of the long, long list of supposedly lowbrow pop culture items that people are convinced will rot your brain. It's got plenty of company alongside the likes of television, comic books, and pop music — if you go back far enough, you can probably find some ancient Sumerian claiming this whole writing business will do nothing but make people dumber — but a new study suggests a steady diet of gaming well into old age could actually help keep people's brains healthy.
As psychologists from the University of Montreal write Wednesday in the journal PLOS ONE, research participants who played 3D platforming games like the iconic Super Mario 64 had more gray matter in their hippocampus after playing. That part of the brain is super important for some of the most important memory functions, like transforming short-term memories into long-term ones and maintaining the spatial memory that helps us navigate the world around us.
Previous studies had only tested this on young men in their 20s — a prime gaming demographic, basically — but the researchers wanted to see if senior citizens could get the same hippocampus-related perks from playing platformers. They recruited 33 people aged 55 to 75 and had them either play Super Mario 64 regularly, take piano lessons for the first time, or do nothing.
In what is an all-time upset victory for the lazy slacker crowd, stomping Bob-ombs and catching Bowser by the tail noticeably increased the seniors' gray matter, whereas those playing piano or doing nothing saw no changes in their brain's health. The hippocampus and cerebellum — which is involved in motor control and language, among other functions — both had more gray matter, and the gaming seniors had better short-term memory afterward.
Researcher Gregory West says video games like Super Mario 64 make the hippocampus build a cognitive map of the virtual environment, which is a great way to reverse the atrophy of gray matter that normally happens as people get older.
“The good news is that we can reverse those effects and increase volume by learning something new, and games like Super Mario 64, which activate the hippocampus, seem to hold some potential in that respect,” West said in a statement. “It remains to be seen whether it is specifically brain activity associated with spatial memory that affects plasticity, or whether it's simply a matter of learning something new.”
INVERSE LOOT DEALS SiriusXM $4.99/mo Stream SiriusXM anywhere including your phone, computer and tons of smart devices. Get over 200 channels plus On Demand Content. Commercial-free music plus sports, comedy, talk and more. Subscribe for $4.99/mo for your first 6 months. See offer details. Subscribe Now
It's always worth being cautious about just how much a new finding will translate to health benefits for the general population, especially when just 33 people were involved, but the theoretical potential of this study is immense. The researchers say gaming might even be helpful in staving off Alzheimer's disease.
Whether future studies bear that out, make no mistake: You're never too old for gaming, and, if anything, some of us are still too young to get the full benefit of it. Also, this just adds to Super Mario 64's legend as the official greatest thing ever.
I am an optical intrusion. I carry the illusion that I am more than what you see. I cannot be one dimensional… because if I were, I'd be nothing more than a line. I live because you have seen fit to give me that life. I sometimes entertain the notion that I somehow earned that life… but I think I took more than I earned. It's not a notion that I entertain often…
If I didn't post anything, would I be alive?
If I posted stuff that no one ever read, would I still be alive?
If you read what I posted, and then you forgot it all… would I be alive?
If you read what I posted, forgot it all, then stumbled onto it again, would that mean I was just hibernating in your brain or would it mean that I was born? Or re-born?
The cheerios I ate this morning obviously were filled with self-doubt…why else would they have a hole in them? I think a bit of nothing illusion hit me right in the tail… hence this squirrel dive into existentialism. No wonder you hardly ever see an existentialist smile. Although, I'm not sure if their mode of thought, being human oriented, could accurately be applied to me. Maybe I'll start a new one…to add to the squirrelosophy pantheon: squirrelstentialism.
What do you think? Do any of us think? Is it all an illusion?
By this point everyone has seen Malcolm Butler's final interception against Russell Wilson to end the Super Bowl, but how did they play in their other snaps? This breakdown will show you that outside of their interception, Butler was phenomenal sticking to their receivers in man-to-man coverage making plays all evening.
Play 17
Situation: 2nd and 8 at SEA 47
Description: Q3 – (1:54) (Shotgun) R.Wilson passes short right to J.Kearse to NE 47 for 6 yards (M.Butler).
Offense Formation: Shotgun Slot Left Far
Offensive Grouping: 11
Defense Formation: Cover 1, Four LB zones, CBs in man-to-man coverage
CB21 Butler lines up on the right outside covering WR15 Kearse in bump-and-run coverage. Kearse runs a hitch route to New England's 44 yardline breaking inside. Butler plays inside technique on Kearse tightly but slips at the top of the route allowing Kearse separation for the reception.
http://i.imgur.com/ZSFucUz.png
Play 18
Situation: 3rd and 2 at NE 47
Description: Q3 – (1:12) (Shotgun) R.Wilson passes incomplete deep left to J.Kearse (M.Butler).
Offense Formation: Empty-Set Shotgun Trips Left Double Right
Offensive Grouping: 11
Defense Formation: Cover 1, Two LB zones, CBs in man-to-man coverage
Butler lines up across Kearse and plays press man coverage jamming Kearse at the line. Kearse runs a wheel route to the outside and slips by the initial jam. This is actually a design rub route play to get Kearse open. TE82 Willson runs a slant route from Kearse's left to interfere with Butler's coverage, but Butler gets by.
Even though Butler doesn't get picked, they are still a full step behind them as Kearse makes their way to the left sideline.
Wilson lobs the ball to Kearse in stride, but Butler makes an incredible diving grab to not allow Kearse to bring the ball in. Just an incredible play to stop a big gain.
Play 20
Situation: 1st and 10 at SEA 20
Description: Q4 – (7:55) R.Wilson passes incomplete deep middle to R.Lockette.
Offense Formation: Singleback Slot Right
Offensive Grouping: 12
Defense Formation: Cover 1, Two LB zones, CBs in man-to-man coverage
WR83 Lockette runs a deep crossing route over the middle as Butler turns following them in man coverage. Butler trips as Lockette cuts inside. Butler falls and reaches out tripping Lockette to the ground. Lockette throws up their hands knowing they were interfered, but the referees don't throw the penalty flag.
What most don't understand was that this was a great play by Butler not because they didn't get penalized. This is a great move, because Butler knows they are going to get burned and instead of allowing a 40+ yard play they only allows a maximum of a 15 yard play due to the spot foul of a defensive pass interference penalty. This is a veteran move by the rookie corner.
Play 23
Situation: 1st and 10 at NE 49
Description: Q4 – (1:55) (Shotgun) R.Wilson passes incomplete deep right to J.Kearse (M.Butler).
Offense Formation: Shotgun Trips Right Far
Offensive Grouping: 11
Defense Formation: Cover 2, Three LB zones, man-to-man on trips right formation
Butler lines up in off-man coverage against WR15 Kearse who runs a seam route over the middle of the field. Kearse starts outside and jukes back inside in an attempt to gain separation. Butler sticks on Kearse and times their jump to swat the ball out of Kearse's hands perfectly.
Another incredible play by Butler.
Play 26
Situation: 1st and 10 at NE 38
Description: Q4 – (1:14) (No Huddle, Shotgun) R.Wilson passes deep right to J.Kearse pushed ob at NE 5 for 33 yards (M.Butler).
Offense Formation: Empty-Set Shotgun Double Slot Left and Right
Offensive Grouping: 01
Defense Formation: Cover 1 Robber, Man-to-man coverage
http://i.imgur.com/eCctZGR.png
This is the last passing play before Butler's interception. This is also the play where Kearse helps set up the Seahawks for a potential game winning situation.
As you can see Butler has great coverage of Kearse but an unfortunate leg bounce causes the completion. Butler doesn't get discouraged and forces Kearse out of bounds.
Overall, Butler was incredible even outside of their game winning interception. ProFootballFocus gave Malcolm Butler a score of +3.8 with +3.3 coming from passing plays in just 12 passing snaps. Very impressive for the undrafted rookie from West Alabama. Hopefully next season they will continue to develop and will be the Patriots nickle cornerback alongside teammates Brandon Browner and Darrelle Revis.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. -- Tennessee Titans controlling owner Amy Adams Strunk is not at the NFL owners meetings, which began Tuesday in Houston.
The Titans said Adams did not attend the meetings because the organization remains focused on hiring a general manager and head coach. Team president and CEO Steve Underwood is representing the team at the meetings, where owners are voting on proposals from three NFL teams who want to move to Los Angeles.
"Amy is focused on our GM and head coach searches, and Steve, who has been our point person on all items related to Los Angeles, is representing us at the meetings and keeping Amy informed," said Titans vice president of communications Jimmy Stanton.
A source told ESPN.com that Strunk is the lone owner not there.
Each day since the Titans' search began last Wednesday, the team has confirmed interviews after they concluded. There has been such news at the end of every weekday since, but no new interviews were held Tuesday.
Cleveland Browns co-owner Dee Haslam represented the Browns as their husband, Jimmy Haslam, stayed in Ohio while the team tried to move along in hiring a new coach. The Green Bay Packers are publicly owned.
Strunk lives in Waller, Texas, which is just outside of Houston, and reports continue to mount that other owners are not satisfied with the structure of the Titans' ownership group.
It's hard for them to combat that opinion without being present.
The national Democratic Party was celebrating this week after a ruling from the Kansas Supreme Court will allow the Democratic Party to remove its candidate from the race to represent Kansas in the U.S. Senate.
Chad Taylor, the Democratic Party nominee, is withdrawing from the race because of pressure from Democrats. Greg Orman, an "independent" candidate who has been a Democrat for their whole life, will for the time being been opposing incumbent Republican Sen. Pat Roberts with no Democrat on the ballot. (A Libertarian Party candidate is also in the running but polling poorly.)
Greg Orman will likely caucus with the Democratic Party in the Senate.
A poll from liberal outfit Public Policy Polling this week placed Orman with a ten-point lead in a head-to-head matchup with Roberts
In January a group of self-declared "sceptics" hit the headlines with an attention-grabbing publicity stunt. If you instinctively interpret that sentence as a reference to the battle-scarred topic of climate change, then it is a mark of how successfully those opposed to the scientific consensus on climate change have appropriated the term sceptic".
In fact, the event in question is the mass homeopathy "overdose" staged by the Merseyside Skeptics. Do the Merseyside Skeptics (and hundreds of other groups like them) share much common ground with the army of Freedom of Information requesters currently swarming around climate science databases? Or could it be that climate change sceptics are giving wider scepticism a bad name?
Over the past three months climate change scepticism seems to have reached new levels. The Guardian's investigation into the emails hacked from the University of East Anglia has shone a rather uncomfortable light into the sock-drawer of science. But it has revealed nothing that challenges the fact that the climate is changing – or that human activity is responsible. Trust has been diminished, embarrassing exchanges have been revealed, but the clunking wheels of the anti-climate change lobby have gone into overdrive, falsely claiming that the case for human-caused climate change has been discredited.
Climate change sceptics often position themselves as the antidote to the hysterical, exaggerated claims of climate scientists and environmentalists, adopting the tools and language of "rational enquiry". But something is missing from this picture - where are the voices of the truly sceptical thinkers that the climate sceptics claim to represent?
The website of the long-running US magazine Skeptic describes scepticism as a method rather than a position, and one that is embodied in the scientific method. A search of the magazine's online archives reveals not one article disputing the science of climate change. However, there are several debunking unsubstantiated claims that climate change sceptics have made. The not-for-profit organisation UK Skeptics is even less welcoming to climate sceptics, with a helpful note stating:
We are nothing to do with opposition, activist, or denialist groups who wrongly refer to themselves as 'skeptics' because they adopt a position of non-belief (eg global warming skeptics, vaccine skeptics, etc).
The distinction between scepticism and non-belief is a crucial one. While scepticism is healthy, non-belief in the face of overwhelming evidence is the antipathy of scepticism. Recent climate scepticism has been characterised by a visceral mistrust of science, scientific institutions and scientific governance. Never mind that the case for climate change has been painstakingly pieced together over decades – climate change sceptics are busy writing it off on the basis of a few inconsistencies.
But embarrassingly for climate change sceptics, the people who have thought longest and hardest about what it means to be a truly sceptical thinker seem in a hurry to distance themselves from their fellow sceptics. Michael Marshall, from the Merseyside Skeptics group that organised the homeopathy overdose is clear about the legitimacy of climate change sceptics: "In our view, climate change sceptics are not sceptics. A sceptic looks at the available evidence and makes a decision, and for homeopathy the evidence is that it doesn't work. But the sceptical position on climate change is that it is happening."
John Jackson, from UK Skeptics, agreed, added: "Terms like "climate change sceptic" are very damaging to scepticism - basically because this is not what scepticism is. We often get people calling us, referring to themselves as climate sceptics, but we argue with them. We accept global warming because the evidence is overwhelming."
With trust in climate change and climate science rapidly dwindling, statements such as these could become incredibly powerful. Here are groups of intelligent, rational, scientifically literate, independent and sceptical thinkers, directly contradicting the view of the so-called climate sceptics. Debate continues about whether "denier" is an appropriate term for those who oppose the climate science consensus. But it seems clear that "sceptic" is no better – the sceptics themselves reject the climate contrarians' claim to their title.
Along with preachy eco-warriors and morally bankrupt politicians, climate scientists are in danger of being added to the list of sources that aren't trusted to communicate climate change. Perhaps it is time for the silent army of rational thinkers to stand up for the science. They could be the one authoritative group that could argue the climate change case – and all from a position of scepticism.
• Adam Corner is a research associate at Cardiff University. Their interests include the psychology of communicating climate change
Former President Barack Obama lied to the American people about the infamous prisoner swap that was part of the Iran deal in 2016, and released fugitives who were considered major national security threats, according to an investigative report by Politico.
“Obama, the senior official and other administration representatives weren't telling the whole story on Jan. 17, 2016, in their highly choreographed rollout of the prisoner swap and simultaneous implementation of the six-party nuclear deal,” Politico's Josh Meyer reports.
The seven men released on that day as a “humanitarian” gesture were deeply tied to Iran's nuclear arms efforts, and one was connected with procurement for improvised explosive devices (IEDs) that killed American soldiers in Iraq.
“They didn't just dismiss a bunch of innocent business guys,” a former federal law enforcement supervisor who was centrally involved in the hunt for Iranian arms traffickers and nuclear smugglers told Politico. “And then they didn't give a full story of it.”
Politico noted that federal prosecutors and agents were shocked and furious when they learned of the release; many of them had reportedly spent years, others decades, “working to penetrate the global proliferation networks that allowed Iranian arms traders both to obtain crucial materials for Tehran's illicit nuclear and ballistic missile programs and, in some cases, to provide dangerous materials to other countries.”
Politico wrote:
Three allegedly were part of an illegal procurement network supplying Iran with U.S.-made microelectronics with applications in surface-to-air and cruise missiles like the kind Tehran test-fired recently, prompting a still-escalating exchange of threats with the Trump administration. Another was serving an eight-year sentence for conspiring to supply Iran with satellite technology and hardware. As part of the deal, U.S. officials even dropped their demand for $10 million that a jury said the aerospace engineer illegally received from Tehran.
But that was not all.
Politico also noted that “in a series of unpublicized court filings, the Justice Department dropped charges and international arrest warrants against 14 other men, all of them fugitives.”
Those fugitives had allegedly sought to lease Boeing aircraft for an Iranian airline that authorities believe supported Hezbollah, a U.S.-designated terrorist organization.
Another, Behrouz Dolatzadeh, was reportedly charged with conspiring to buy thousands of U.S.-made assault rifles and illegally import them into Iran.
Amin Ravan was charged with smuggling U.S. military antennas to Hong Kong and Singapore for use in Iran. According to Politico, they were also responsible for the deaths of hundreds of Americans. “U.S. authorities also believe they were part of a procurement network providing Iran with high-tech components for an especially deadly type of IED used by Shiite militias to kill hundreds of American troops in Iraq,” Politico wrote.
The report also found that Obama's Iran deal destroyed counter-proliferation efforts that ultimately made Iran's path to nuclear arms easier.
Breitbart News has reported on new findings out of Iran indicating that the Iranian regime is violating the JCPOA (Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action), the formal name for the nuclear deal, by covertly developing nuclear material near the “off-limits” Parchin military site.
According to the Politico investigation, some current and former officials believe Loretta Lynch, who served as the nation's top law enforcement official at the time, “failed in their responsibility as attorney general to protect the integrity of the Justice Department's investigations and prosecutions from any political interference.”
At the same time, Lynch was allegedly also protecting then-presidential candidate Hillary Clinton from an email scandal that contributed to their devastating loss on Election Day 2016.
President Donald Trump has called the Iran deal the “worst deal ever negotiated.”
As it turns out, they may have been right.
We know plenty of EU families from school, many of the best staff where I work are from the EU, I know techie freelancers from the EU who've contributed a lot to the local tech community since moving here. People who are genuinely part of local life have suddenly been made to feel really unwelcome, and it *really* doesn't feel right. It feels nasty.
A problem is that the so-called “debates” that have been going on all refer to something monolithic called “immigrants”, and in the unitary sense intended there's no such thing; arguments like “immigrants is good” vs “immigrants is bad” just aren't talking about the same people. What you're talking about is the comfortable articulate middle-class world, which is a million miles away from 20 blokes forced to sleep in a damp garden shed in between picking cabbages, being charged half their pitiful wage for “rent” and “transport” and being used to undercut guys from Boston or Spalding (who would have worked, but not like this). Similar things apply across our wrecked manufacturing base (aka almost everything north of Cambridge). Everyone in this system is getting screwed except the scumbags running it. And even worse is the system which facilitates and encourages it.
There is a huge and growing disconnection between happy middle-class life in urban centres and this kind of thing down at the dirty end — they're different planets, different universes. One message I saw, from someone in London about the petition for London to become a separate state, says “Why should I bother about what people in Sunderland think? I feel I have more in common with Paris or Berlin than Sunderland!” Leaving aside that this person has obviously never been to the wastelands of the Paris banlieue, that says it all, really. The referendum was swung by a huge slab of population who are being taken for granted and ignored in precisely this “you don't count” manner.
These folk feel (correctly) that nobody is representing them. And as I said before, then they start to pin it on something called “immigrants”; very few of 'em are in a position to think out what's actually going on, who's responsible for doing what to them and where any blame might lie. When you add this to austerity-slashed services stretched to breaking and near collapse even before the new arrivals, they tend to blame the new arrivals rather than the system driving them.
You and I were brought up to be able to go down the well to where your intuitions are, and come back with a usably coherent description. Lots of people don't do that; they have the intuitions but can't articulate them, so they hang the feel of it on anything they can find, eg “foreigners”. If you demonstrate to them that what they're saying is wrong, they just look uncomfortable and shift ground, because it was never about that in the first place. Just because they can't articulate, that doesn't mean there isn't a problem or that they should be ignored; they're humans with real, immediate problems. Yes, a very few will be impossible neurotic bigots at a deep psychological level, but the majority are simply trying to say something and can't manage it. The happy middle-class urban world tends to mock this or be sanctimonious about it in a PC way (“racists!”); I find this cruel and disgusting.
Remember, we don't have a “working class” any more; it's been split up and invisible-ised, in your lifetime. Using the fundamental British class snobbery that nobody wishes to think of themself as “working class”, the brighter end was dressed-up in middle-class fancy dress (home ownership, university) and saddled with huge debts (mortgages, tuition fees). The hopeless end was left as a festering invisible underclass. The remainder (majority) of the decent but minimally-skilled thus lost the articulate support of their now middle-class colleagues, along with their identity — this was when Thatcher was deliberately smashing up the country's industrial base so there were no longer obviously identifiable things like “miners” or “steelworkers” but just a fragmented mess that could be exploited, along with terminally demonised unions. The outcome is zero-hours contracts etc without any serious mechanism for fighting back, and a despairing sense of being unrepresented at any level.
The “nobody is representing me” feel I think is a characteristic of the Age of Management I've been banging on about, but has come to a head now. Look at the row in Labour for a perfect example: do any of these silly sods who are attacking Corbyn take even a moment to think “Er…. our electoral base is completely at odds with us, so how about we find out what they think?”; instead they're just going “Oh, silly proles, they don't understand what's good for them, it must be that we haven't told them hard enough” (aka “we haven't got our message across”). No, chum, you're supposed to be listening to 'em, not lecturing 'em. Even I am sick of this patronising we-know-what's-best-for-you crap to the point where I no longer know who I could vote for and don't feel anyone is representing me; but I'm comfortably off and not immediately threatened, whereas these folk feel extremely threatened, with justification.
And the EU as we have it is the epicentre and exemplar of this stuff, of “never mind what you think, it's all going to be this way”. Look what they did to Greece last year. Look at the arrogantly stupid EU reactions to Brexit (same approach as the Corbyn attackers; nothing being learned, nothing being heard).
All the EU directives (which are obligatory to member states) all point in one direction:- privatisation (“opening up public infrastructure to competition”, ie rendering cross-subsidy — and hence the concept of a “service” — impossible), reduction of union power, free movement of workers in a divide-and-rule way that facilitates undercutting etc etc, all designed to benefit business. It all hangs together, and chimes perfectly with the reduction of participatory democracy exemplified in the EU structure.
Had the EU said way back at the beginning “we're proposing to knock all your countries together and make one big one” (which was the project from the start and is the only way the Euro can possibly work), nobody would have considered it for a moment; so instead, it's been smuggled in, bit by bit, year by year, all based on the principle “we know what's best for you”. As I said the other week, I think that's what's behind the perpetual complaint “we don't have enough information”, which sounds uncannily like what I remember in 1975; the information's easy to find if you look, but they're picking up (correctly) on a sense that something's going on which they aren't being told about. “Not feeling represented” is one expression of this.
The referendum result is about a class divide as much as anything. Did you see that woman in (I think) Hartlepool, weeping quietly and saying “we got our country back! we got our country back!” over and over? Is it proposed that these people are just stupid and should be dropped down a hole? Of course, we only have the possibility of “getting our country back”, we haven't got it yet; but I'm inclined to agree with my formulation. I prefer it to accepting Schauble (German finance minister) and their current proposal for an unelected invisible Special Person with power to veto the budget of any government in the EU if the ECB (controlled by the Bundesbank) doesn't approve of it; that counts as ”losing your country” for all practical purposes.
And I don't think “wanting your country back” is about nostalgia. It's possible that the concept of the nation state may need to turn into something else, but not like this (just the same as Communism might have been a good idea, but not like that).
Kaine vs. Pence: Everything you need to know about the VP debate
CLOSE USA TODAY Washington Bureau Chief Susan Page takes a look at the things to watch for during the Vice Presidential Debate between Tim Kaine and Mike Pence. USA TODAY
Last week, Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton set viewership records for a presidential debate, with 84 million people tuning in.
Tuesday's 9 p.m. ET showdown between vice presidential candidates Mike Pence (the Republican) and Tim Kaine (the Democrat) is unlikely to challenge that record. Unlike last week, the debate is not competing with an NFL football game, but Tuesday is the first day of the Major League Baseball playoffs. (Baltimore Orioles vs. Toronto Blue Jays; first pitch scheduled for 8:08 p.m. on TBS, in the event you want to catch a couple of innings before switching to the debate.)
The format of the debate will be about the same as the presidential debate, but unlike last week's event, Kaine and Pence are not really the people voters are looking to hear from.
Instead, it is likely both of them will have to spend time explaining the controversial positions taken by their running mates. Mr. Pence, what do you make of Donald Trump's pre-dawn tweets about a former Miss Universe? Mr. Kaine, shouldn't the American public be concerned that Hillary Clinton mishandled classified information over email?
Here are a few things to keep in mind about the debate.
Where is it?
Longwood University, about an hour west of Richmond, Va. Longwood was one of dozens of colleges that applied to the Commission on Presidential Debates for the right to host the debate, making its case in part on the strength of an array of debate-related courses the faculty created.
Who are these two guys?
Mike Pence is the governor of Indiana and a former U.S. member of congress. During their 10 years in the House of Representatives, Pence chaired the Republican Study Committee, a kind of conservative think tank for the House Republican caucus.
Tim Kaine is a U.S. senator from Virginia who previously served as governor of the state and the mayor of Richmond. Kaine also spent two years as chairperson of the Democratic National Committee.
Both VP candidates are younger than their running mates: Kaine is 58, 10 years younger than Clinton; Pence is 57, 13 years younger than Trump.
Neither is well-known, but for what it's worth, Pence is generating on average about 50% more Facebook chatter — likes, shares, comments and posts — than Kaine every week, according to data provided by Facebook. In September, Pence generated an average of 1.3 million interactions per week, while Kaine generated an average of about 925,000. Trump and Clinton are each generating more than 75 million interactions a week.
No third-party candidates?
Nope. Just like the presidential debates, the Libertarian and Green Party did not rank high enough in national polls to qualify for the debate stage.
But, for the record: former Massachusetts governor (and former Republican) William Weld is the Libertarian vice presidential nominee; civil rights activist Ajamu Baraka is the Green Party nominee.
Who is the moderator
Elaine Quijano, an anchor on CBS News' streaming service CBSN, will moderate the debate alone.  They are the first Asian-American journalist to moderate a national debate, according to Cosmopolitan.  They are a Filipino-American.
When is the next debate?
Tuesday is the only vice presidential debate. The next Trump-Clinton debate is Oct. 9 in St. Louis.
If you want a chance to actually participate in the debates, it is worth noting that a group called the Open Debate Coalition is inviting folks to submit questions for the debates or vote on questions that have already been suggested. The Commission on Presidential Debates and the TV hosts have expressed interest in the results, though there is no real guarantee one of these questions will be asked.
As of this writing, the top questions (most votes) are:
• "Would you support requiring criminal background checks for all gun sales?"
• "Do you support expanding, and not cutting, Social Security's modest benefits?"
• "How will you ensure the 2nd amendment is protected?"
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2dCU0Zh
Now you can continuously monitor any Analytics query computed from your telemetry in Visual Studio Application Insights, and display the results on an Azure shared dashboard. This means that when you put together a dashboard to help you monitor the performance or usage of your web services, you can include quite complex analysis alongside the other metrics.
As an example, let's suppose you'd like to track what percentage of requests your website completes within two seconds. You're only interested in the most popular pages. This is not difficult to write as an Analytics query, but it certainly isn't offered as one of the standard metrics. Until recently, you could only run the query in the Analytics window, and you'd have to click Go at intervals to keep the chart up to date. But now you can include it in a comprehensive dashboard of your system telemetry.
Dashboards are great for bringing together your most important charts (as you've probably already discovered), especially if you want to see metrics from multiple apps in your system at the same time. Furthermore, you can create multiple dashboards. The dev team room can keep an eye on performance of all the front and backend apps, while management can do a weekly review of system usage.
1. Share a dashboard
You can only pin Analytics charts to a shared dashboard, so sharing at least one dashboard is an important preliminary step:
2. Write an Analytics query
Now open the Application Insights resource for your app.
Then click through to Analytics:
Write and test your query. Let's take the example we mentioned earlier:
3. Pin it to the dashboard
Click the pin icon and choose a dashboard. Only the shared dashboards in your subscription will appear in the list. You might need to upgrade your account to turn on this feature.
4. Adjust the chart on the dashboard
Now go back to the dashboard in the Azure portal. You can adjust the position and title of the chart in the usual way.
The chart is refreshed by re-running the query about every half hour.
Automatic grouping
When you pin a chart to a dashboard, you get a slightly simplified display in some cases.
For example, here's a chart in Analytics in which we've summarized by country:
requests | summarize count_search = count() by client_CountryOrRegion
But when we pin it to the dashboard, it looks like this:
Notice how the long tail has been grouped into “(other)”? If you pin a bar chart of a count of values separated into discrete bins on the Y-axis, then the smaller items are automatically grouped.
What's next?
This is only the first step in operationalizing your insights by adding them to the Azure dashboard. We still have other capabilities to deliver, including supporting pie chart visualization, editing dashboard charts, and other small settings that will help you set your dashboard parts exactly the way you want them.
As always, feel free to send us your questions or feedback by using one of the following channels:
Do whites living in the West have a right to bitch about anti-white hatred? You bet. As PA clarifies in a comment over at GLPiggy,
In order to function normally, to keep a good mood, one has to intentionally blind themselves to the organizing principle of the very society they live in: White genocide. I'll occasionally feel its sting in a comment by Elk, or blogger THRASYMACHUS, a gentle-souled, thoughtful writer who relays observations from the edge. I can't get Kayla Peterson out of my thoughts. Or, every time there is an internet article about schools, you see the cherubic faces of black kids, like a scene form Ghana rather than America — except when Yahoo posts “America's Worst Schools” — you get a photo of white kids. Hate fills any human being who opens their eyes to the horror and the humiliation of whites. Emma West's ordeal — on that train with the animals growling at them and their little son, and then under the British police state. And to stay sane, one looks away because there is not a thing they can do about any of this.
What PA is framing is what CH calls the “parade of humiliations”. Like the tactics of totalitarian communism before it, anti-white ideology thrives in part by its inquisitors visiting upon the victims an endless succession of humiliations. It's not enough to propagandize with lies; the subject must be coerced to suffer the lies in silence, to accede to the primacy of the lies, and even to intone the lies as if they were the truth. Economic and social terrorism break the heart and mind, but humiliation breaks the soul.
Let there be no mistaking what this parade of humiliations is: It is a war of hate, psychologically bloody if not yet physically bloody. The aggressors — the ruling elite and their useful Section Hate shock troops — despise whites, despise the concept of whiteness, and despise especially the idea that the territory and nation and culture from which they parasitically suck the lifeblood was created and sustained primarily by white men.
A parade of humiliations is a nefarious elite and a gullible bureaucratic class importing thousands of Somalis and dumping them in the whitest Minnesota, where they multiply on the generosity of their host's welfare largesse and then aggressively oust from power the very benefactors who opened doors to them.
A parade of humiliations is a disingenuous promise by condescending moralizers to fellow citizens that wildly foreign immigrant pawns will easily assimilate to local norms of conduct, and that any difficulty encountered during the assimilation process is proof that the natives have not been sufficiently welcoming and must be reeducated in the goodness of their displacers and the badness of their own self-consideration.
A parade of humiliations is a subhuman beast with an extensive criminal history free on probation by a sympathetic system, coldly gunning down a retiree in their home. The beast, shot through with demonic hatred, lied about needing assistance and exploited their prey's naivete and magnanimous responsiveness. This incident in form and intent is a microcosm of the overarching assault on white America.
A parade of humiliations is the mass media studiously ignoring to the best of its plausible deniability the above stories of whites churned to bits by the anti-white death machine while trumpeting to the high heavens as vile hate crimes hoaxes targeted at whites.
A parade of humiliations is exiling from society any whites who dare notice their debasement.
Elite leftoid status whoring is all fun and games when nobody is the wiser and the costs are too diffuse to measure by endorsed economic formulae. But now the pain bites, and the parade of insults grates. The people on the sidewalks dumbly acquiescing to participation in their disparagement feel something they haven't felt in a long time…
Rage.
TV Report via Naver1. [+6,056, -116] Seungri's waffle hearing ㅋㅋㅋ TOP's obsession with Seungri ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ the Seungri TOP combination is hilarious ㅋㅋㅋㅋ Taeyang's fracture picture ㅋㅋㅋㅋ GD looking cute ㅋㅋㅋ Daesung being funny ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ Ah such a fun episode2. [+4,976, -101] Today's episode was legendary ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ their voice imitations are hilarious ㅋㅋㅋㅋ3. [+4,976, -101] So hilarious ㅋㅋㅋㅋ can't wait for next week's episode about GD's dating rumors ㅋㅋㅋ4. [+4,155, -69] Had no idea where the time went, didn't know Big Bang was this funny ㅋ5. [+3,675, -70] Cried from laughing so hard... TOP's so funnySports Chosun via Nate1. [+865, -22] It's good to see Min Hyo Rin and Taeyang dating quietly but happily like this ㅋ even when their dating news first broke out, it was pictures of Taeyang tying Min Hyo Rin's shoe laces.. ㅋㅋ one of the couples I'm jealous of2. [+763, -21] Taeyang's such a lovebird...3. [+589, -17] Jealous of them..4. [+85, -6] Taeyang's the only normal member of the group5. [+73, -5] Taeyang really seems like the only decent guy in the group. Today's episode was hilarious, it was fun to hear stories we haven't heard about before ㅋㅋㅋOSEN via Natej1. [+231, -46] So funny today ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ daebak ㅋㅋㅋㅋ2. [+214, -54] Seungri's actually a hard worker ㅎㅎ don't get scammed next time~3. [+186, -41] Hilarious ㅋ4. [+30, -19] ㅋㅋㅋㅋ They're even funnier because each of them has such a unique personality ㅋㅋㅋㅋ5. [+23, -19] It was a fun episode but one thing I felt was that TOP's personality is past the point of being unique to just plain weird ㅋ
Google wearables: take two.
Believe it or not, Google has been a leader in the wearables space for some time with Google Glass. Glass gives users fast access to information and an easy way to see and deal with (certain) incoming notifications, but the form factor is physically and socially awkward. Wear seems like an evolution of the quick information access that Glass pioneered, all in a more comfortable, less invasive device.
I've used quite a few gadgets in my time, and I've never seen anything become as instantly useful as Android Wear has. It's not just me, either. At Google I/O, every attendee got an Android Wear watch, and after a single day, it seemed like everyone's behavior had changed. A notification sound would go off, which would normally send everyone within earshot rummaging through bags and pockets, but by the second day of I/O, we all just learned to check our watches. Strapping on a Wear watch for a few days changes your mobile workflow. It's an extremely useful device that I plan on wearing from now on for the simple reason that it makes me more productive.
Just like Android, Android Wear is an OS that will end up on many different devices. The way the software looks and works is what's most important, so just like in our KitKat review , this article will be focusing on the software only. We're taking a look at the first hardware, the LG G Watch and Samsung Gear Live , in a separate article.
Wear feels like it is currently in a soft-launch beta state. The best-looking hardware that everyone wants—the Moto360—isn't out yet, and Google is still in the process of rolling out enhanced Wear support to its suite of apps. Each day I've had the device, there has been some new update that makes something work a little better with Wear. The ecosystem hasn't really booted up yet, either—the link to browse apps on the Play Store says "Coming Soon 7/7." So while this is a consumer release and we'll treat it appropriately, the real party doesn't start until the launch of the Moto360 some time this summer. That will also be a great time to revisit the software since Google will have had several weeks of updates under its belt by then.
Before we dive in, a word about screen shapes. Wear supports both square and round displays. The OS can communicate the screen shape to the app, which can responsively rearrange things, or the developer can manually tweak the app layout. The point is, you can't expect the round interface to look like the square one with the corners cut off—things will be shifted around a bit. For this first look at Android Wear, we're using an LG G Watch (which is square), but round watches will also eventually be an option.
The Companion app
Like nearly all smartwatches, Wear devices rely on a Bluetooth-tethered phone, which needs to be running Android 4.3 and up. Running iOS or Windows Phone? You're out of luck: no Wear for you. Smartwatches seem to be the ultimate ecosystem lock-in device. Samsung's requires a Samsung phone, Google's requires an Android phone, and we're sure Apple's will require iOS. There is so much cross-communication that needs to happen between a watch and phone that supporting multiple OSes becomes really hard. Would you switch platforms for a good smartwatch?
Would you switch platforms for a good smartwatch?
Just as with Google Glass, Wear requires its own companion app to work (several of them, actually). Setup currently involves signing up for a developer beta test group, signing up for five beta apps, and installing all of them. For consumers, things should be a bit easier.
Without a tethered smartphone, Wear is nearly useless. It can't access the Internet or use voice commands, leaving you with only a handful of basic chronographic functions like starting a timer or stopwatch. Your first step after installing the Wear app is therefore to turn on Bluetooth, pair the watch with your phone, and give it access to the notification API. Once all the beta stuff is of the way, setup looks like it will be pretty easy for normal people. The watch actually downloads and builds an app loadout from your device. It scans your phone, downloads the Wear component for any apps that include one, and then syncs it to your watch.
Third parties can only install apps to Wear through standard phone and tablet apps, and sideloaded apps don't work as they did on the Galaxy Gear. Right now, Google Keep is the only phone app that installs a mini-app to Wear watches, but the number of apps will grow as more developers get on board. OEMs can add their own built-in watch apps to Wear without bundling them with a regular phone app (LG's watch includes a "World Clock" app, for example, while Samsung's has a "Stopwatch" app), but it doesn't appear to be possible for anyone else.
You really can't switch between Android devices and keep your watch data. If you want to change phones, you have to wipe the watch and have it scan and re-download data. This takes a few minutes, and you'll lose all your pedometer step-count data and settings.
Once you get the app up and running, it will let you tweak a small handful of settings, connect and disconnect from the watch, and pick default apps for each voice action. At the bottom of the app list is a blue "Browse compatible apps" button. Right now it opens a section of the Play Store that lists the Wear app and doesn't say anything other than "Coming Soon 7/7," so we'll have to address that at a later date. Like Glass, Wear will spawn a permanent notification that will always let you know you're connected to Wear. These things are really annoying, and we wish Android had a way to indicate that it's connected to something without clogging up the notification panel.
Image caption The CPS said last month there would be no charges over Mr Tomlinson's death
The pathologist at the heart of the decision not to prosecute over the death of a man at the G20 protests should not have been registered to investigate suspicious deaths.
Dr Freddy Patel, 63, appeared on a Home Office register despite failing to meet its criteria, the BBC has learned.
Ian Tomlinson collapsed and died minutes after being pushed by a police officer. Dr Patel said they died from coronary artery disease.
But two other doctors disagreed.
Instead, they concluded that newspaper seller Mr Tomlinson, 47, had suffered internal bleeding, probably from their own elbow hitting their liver after they were pushed to the ground.
In July, the Crown Prosecution Service said it could not bring a charge of manslaughter against PC Harwood due to the conflict in evidence.
'Lone practitioner'
The Home Office Register of Forensic Pathologists is a list of doctors accredited by the Home Office to perform post-mortem examinations in cases of suspicious death.
To appear on the register, a pathologist must work alongside other pathologists as part of a group practice and they must have an official arrangement to work for at least one police force in England and Wales.
Image caption Dr Patel is currently the subject of a GMC fitness to practise hearing
Dr Patel's practice has not had an arrangement with any police force since 2004 and they have not worked as part of a group practice since 2006.
The Home Office Register is maintained by the National Policing Improvement Agency.
In a statement, the Agency said: "Although police and coroners are not obliged by law to instruct a forensic pathologist on the Home Office Register, it would be most unusual not to do so and could adversely impact on a prosecution."
The BBC asked the Home Office why Dr Patel had not been removed from the register when they did not meet the conditions of registration.
A Home Office statement said: "The requirement to be a member of a practice was introduced in 2006 as part of a programme of improvements. Safeguards were introduced to ensure those providing services to the police were maintaining the required standards.
"These would have identified pathologists who were working but not part of a practice. However, where a pathologist was not working for the police the safeguards would not have identified a problem."
Peer review
Dr Nat Cary, who performed the second post-mortem examination on Mr Tomlinson, said making pathologists work in groups meant their work was checked by their colleagues.
"People have to work in groups and this avoids the opportunity for baseline drift of people's practice. They also have to be involved in peer review, so checking one another's reports to make sure, in particular, that the evidence of fact is consistent with the conclusions," they added.
LISTEN TO THE REPORT ON RADIO 4 You can hear the full report on Radio 4 on Thursday, 19 August at 2000 BST The Report homepage Download The Report podcast
Dr Patel was the first pathologist to examine Mr Tomlinson and concluded they had died from natural causes due to coronary artery disease.
Two other pathologists, Dr Cary and Dr Kenneth Shorrock, concluded at subsequent post-mortem examinations that Mr Tomlinson died from internal bleeding following an injury to their abdomen, in combination with cirrhosis of the liver.
In their first report Dr Patel recorded that they found three litres of "fluid blood" in Mr Tomlinson's abdomen. In a second report, produced a year later, Dr Patel used a different form of words, stating that they had found three litres of "fluid with blood".
The conclusions of the second and third post-mortem examinations depended on Dr Patel's initial findings. None of the fluid in question was retained by Dr Patel for later examination.
Director of Public Prosecutions Kier Starmer said the case collapsed due to "an irreconcilable conflict between Dr Patel on the one hand and the other experts on the other as to the cause of [Mr Tomlinson's] death."
Professor Sebastian Lucas, head of histopathology at King's College London, said Dr Patel's history meant they were unsuitable for a case so much in the public eye.
"It's a high-profile death and the pathologist appointed to do it was not up to the mark. Cases that are high-profile, with public interest, really do need to be done by people who will do a first-class job, the first time around, without second or third examinations.
"Dr Patel's track record doesn't include those characteristics."
Dr Patel is currently being investigated by the General Medical Council at a fitness to practise hearing.
They face charges of misconduct and deficient professional performance in relation to four other cases unrelated to Mr Tomlinson's death.
File photo: Lorenzo Gadon, ABS-CBN News
Lawyer Lorenzo Gadon on Tuesday admitted they have no documents to prove Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno traveled first class in their overseas trips.
Gadon made the admission during the continuation of the determination of probable cause in the impeachment proceedings against Sereno at the House of Representatives.
Gadon, however, said they have a witness, Court Administrator Midas Marquez, who was seated in economy class while Sereno was in business class.
Pressed by Misamis Occidental Rep. Henry Oaminal if that was an admission that Sereno did not travel first class, Gadon insisted that business class and first class were interchangeable.
When they were corrected, Gadon clarified that they meant that Sereno traveled more expensive than economy class.
Gadon also said they were tipped off about Sereno's alleged lavish travel by Supreme Court employees whose names they could no longer remember now. Gadon, however, indicated there will be documents.
The Sereno defense team, however, said, "The Presidential Villa was chosen and paid for by the Supreme Court itself as the meeting area for the 3rd ASEAN Chief Justices Meeting for 24 hours in March 2015. The signing of the Boracay Accord, the photo-op of the ASEAN Chief Justices, as well as side meetings between ASEAN Chief Justices, all took place in the Presidential Villa."
"Instead of booking additional rooms, Chief Justice Sereno, their staff and part of the secretariat were allowed to stay at the Presidential Villa after the official gathering of the ASEAN Chief Justices at no additional cost to the Supreme Court. By maximizing the use of the Presidential Villa, Chief Justice Sereno actually saved public funds. Clearly, there is nothing corrupt about this," they added.
Gadon had been admonished at least twice to come to the hearings prepared. Gadon's attention was called again on Tuesday's hearing because of their failure to give the House panel a list of possible resource persons, which is hindering the committee from issuing a subpoena.
Justice Secretary Vitaliano Aguirre also faced the House Justice Committee to testify on the allegation that Sereno manipulated the delayed resolution of the government's request to transfer the venue of the trial of the Maute group from Marawi to outside Mindanao.
Opposition lawmakers Albay Rep. Edcel Lagman meanwhile said the committee seemed to be doing the case build-up when it should have been Gadon's job.
"It appears that the credibility of Gadon has been shattered because they have no personal knowledge. And secondly they lack support from authentic documents," they said.
"What is being done now is for the committee to build up a case against the Chief Justice by going through the process of hearing Gadon and some witnesses because presently based on the complaint it has no chance at all to prosper in the Senate so in a way the committee is venturing on evidence gathering to plug the loopholes in Gadon's complaint."
Lagman added they will also have to wait for the testimony of the SC Justices and employees and officials invited to face the committee.
Lagman however warned that "differences among the members of the high court should not be a viable ground for impeachment."
"We will have to assess the effect of what they're going to say tomorrow and the subsequent days but for those in the high court exposing their squabbles and in a way washing dirty linen before the public is not commendable for an institution which is called upon to be sober and to play the role of arbiter where the political departments fail," said Lagman.
Speaker Pantaleon Alvarez, however, saw no problem with the developments at the House panel.
Other developments in the hearing were the formal signing by Umali of the show cause orders against Sereno's lawyers for "insulting commentaries" against the committee over the media and the House panel rejecting the apology offered by the Sereno camp.
Brazilian police have raided the premises of global meatpacking companies JBS SA and BRF SA, as well as dozens of smaller rivals, in a crackdown on alleged bribery of health officials.
The anti-corruption campaign threatens $12b in annual exports.
The probe, known as Operation Weak Flesh, found evidence of meatpackers bribing inspectors and politicians to overlook unsanitary practices such as processing rotten meat and shipping exports with traces of salmonella, police said.
Mauricio Moscardi Grillo, police investigator, said there was evidence of some companies manipulating certificates for meat exports to European markets, raising the risk of foreign restrictions on Brazil's powerhouse protein industry.
READ MORE: The local food revolution in Brazil's schools
Brazil exported $6.9bn of poultry and $5.5bn of beef last year, according to industry groups, as producers boosted shipments to China and started sending fresh beef to the US.
Shares of JBS and BRF plunged 11 percent and seven percent, respectively, in São Paulo. JBS, the world's biggest meat producer, booked net revenue of 170b reais ($55b) last year from sales in 150 countries.
BRF, the largest poultry exporter, booked net revenue of 39B reais in 2016.
Employees arrested
Police said they arrested three BRF employees and two from JBS in Friday's raids, as well as 20 public officials.
JBS said in a securities filing that three of its plants and one of its employees were targeted in the probe, but its senior executives and headquarters were not targeted.
The ruling by federal Judge Marcos Silva also included transcripts of BRF government relations executive Roney Nogueira allegedly discussing bribery of health inspectors, including one called on to help avoid the closure of the same Goias plant.
READ MORE: Is hoarding causing Venezuela food shortages?
The judge also ordered that Jose Roberto Pernomian Rodrigues, BRF vice president, be brought in for questioning.
Brazil's agriculture ministry has temporarily closed three plants cited in the investigation, one run by BRF and two run by smaller rival Grupo Peccin, and began removing their meat products from supermarkets.
Eumar Novacki, the ministry's executive secretary, said there was some concern that other countries would begin blocking shipments of Brazilian meat.
Documents falsified
Police said there was evidence that meatpackers falsified documentation for exports to Europe, China and the Middle East.
Judge Silva wrote in their ruling that employees of some meatpackers, including BRF, arranged bribes and favours for inspectors ranging from political donations and favourable bank loans to small bribes including hams and other meat products.
In some cases, those inspectors would then allow employees of the meatpackers to enter government offices, access computers and issue their own export certificates, investigators said.
Just finished them a few hours ago. Here Fluttershy's wearing an original gown, designed by me based on their Gala dress with a Designer twist. She's customized from an Equestria Girls Fluttershy figure with ball joints. After stripping away their factory paint, I made their dress by hand. Each bead is hand sewn, each sequin applied by myself, and each petal on their bodice was folded by hand and each is roughly the size of a thumb nail. Next I re-painted their face to be more accurate to their appearance in EQG. Finally their hair was restyled into some nice waves, keeping with the natural theme of their dress.
I'm selling them for $150, but I'm willing to negotiate if anyone wants them
EDIT: Added more detail shots. You can better see their face paint from the front, the back of the dress, detail of the beading from the left and right, and a shot of them with a Brushable Fluttershy for scale (and adorableness).
TEHRAN, Iran - Iranian publishers are complaining that cost-saving plans to print Qurans (Korans) in China are yielding embarrassing results: A slew of typos.
The head of Iran's Quran oversight office says some of the Chinese-printed versions of Islam's holy book are littered with spelling errors.
Ahmad Haji-Sharif is quoted by Iran's semiofficial Mehr news agency as warning consumers that lower-cost Qurans may have mistakes in the holy verses. They noted earlier this week that Iranian-produced Qurans carry a higher price but have passed a careful inspection for any flaws.
Officials are now discussing a ban on Chinese-printed Qurans.
The Qurans that are in use in Iran often have both Farsi and the original Arabic.
Haji-Sharif didn't say whether the misspellings prevail in the Arabic or Farsi segments.
Welsh politician arrested for Quran burning
Justice Breyer questions right to burn Quran
Pay up: Tab for nixed Quran burning is $200K
The Detroit Startup List is a directory of Detroit Startups, Michigan Incubators and Accelerators, Groups & Meetups, and venture capital resources.
(Last updated Dec 5, 2016)
Quick links:
Detroit Incubators and Accelerators
Detroit Coworking Spaces
Detroit Startup Events, Meetup Groups
Michigan Venture capital and investment
1. What do these have in common? These were created, founded, built in Southeast Michigan. While we focus on the Metro Detroit area, we do include entries from throughout the entire state of Michigan. For us it's about the cause, not about drawing lines in the sand.
2. How can we be added to the list? If you represent a Detroit Startup (or another group that should be listed here), contact us using this form and you'll hear back within a week (probably sooner).
3. Is there a “Detroit Startup List” logo that we can display? We don't have an official logo, but we encourage you to support this initiative by placing a text link (like this) in the footer of your website:
We are a proud Detroit Startup.
4. Great idea! Who's behind this? This is a project of Grow Detroit. We were inspired to create this list after seeing the efforts of NYTM (and their list of New York startups, Made in NYC). We believe Detroit can become a vibrant tech community like those in Boston, Boulder, and NYC. 5. Where should I send suggestions for improving this page? Easy! Email alex@growdetroit.com
Detroit Area Startups
The DC Universe doesn't lack for some of the most iconic heroes and heros in comics. Superman , Batman , Wonder Woman , Aquaman , Green Lantern , and many others are more than a match for most adversaries on their own, and when they band together to form the Justice League , it's obvious you've got to have some tough villains to offer a proper challenge. So it's a good thing for the baddies that the DC Universe also has its share of great and heinous villains.
For every Superman, there is a Lex Luthor ; for every Green Lantern, there is a Sinestro ; and for every Aquaman, there is a Black Manta . Whether playing foil to their opposite in a solo series, teaming up to carry out some cooperative crime, or even joining the ranks of the Legion of Doom, the villains of the DC Universe have many ways to spread mayhem and makes our heroes' lives harder.
With the DC villains being as colorful as they are, there are plenty of excellent cosplayers out there to offer up the darker side of cosplay. In every cape, cowl, and scar, these cosplayers bring the frightening visages of their favorite villains to life, and make the cosplay world just a little more exciting. These are the best DC Villain cosplays.
"Form is temporary, class is permanent", is the rather hackneyed justification pundits use when trotting out the old familiar faces in picking putative England teams. Form, indeed, can be ephemeral and difficult to gauge objectively and that is probably why we often hear the same names bandied about for England selection from those who bemoan the paucity of native talent and claim there are no alternatives to the regular members of the squad.
Fabio Capello, the England manager, has had their fingers burned by their attempt to come up with a system of rating players and would probably find any reminder of the Capello Index about as unwelcome as a juggler at a funeral. The analysts at Opta, however, have come up with a statistical analysis of Premier League players' current form and their findings offer a few intriguing candidates for selection that may not have immediately come to mind.
Opta's new method of evaluating players is calculated from analysis of over 350 different types of action so far this season, with each action being awarded a positive or negative score. In layperson's terms, a player earns points for positive actions, such as a shot on target, successful pass or cross, tackle won, and loses them for failing to pass or cross, when they come off second best in a tackle, concedes a goal or receives a card. Opta then gives the player a score out of 100. Only those who have been on the field for more than 500 minutes are included on the list of 239 players that was published today.
There is not one English player in the top 10 but we have been through the list and come up with an England XI, lined up in a 4-4-2 formation, of the players Opta rates as the best in their position in the Premier League so far this season.
Ben Foster, surprisingly, is the highest English player on the list with a score of 77 and pips Joe Hart to the No1 shirt. The back four is made up of Luke Young, who has retired from international football, at right-back, John Terry and Rio Ferdinand resuming their partnership in central defence and Ashley Cole on the left.
Marc Albrighton, who has had such a bright start to the season with Aston Villa, would line up on the right of midfield with Steven Gerrard forming an all Scouse central pairing with the Newcastle United captain, Kevin Nolan. James Milner would slot in on the left, edging out Stewart Downing, a more orthodox left-winger, by two points.
Up front Andy Carroll would take the No9 shirt with Sunderland's on-loan Manchester United forward Danny Welbeck as their foil.
This, then, is how an in-form England team would line up against France tomorrow using the Opta ratings and with the next best candidates for each role on the bench.
Should England line up with Andy Carroll and Danny Welbeck in attack? Photograph: Guardian
England Premier League XI (4-4-2): Ben Foster (77 points); Luke Young (54), John Terry (72), Rio Ferdinand (59), Ashley Cole (68); Marc Albrighton (72), Steven Gerrard (75), Kevin Nolan (66), James Milner (64); Andy Carroll (74), Danny Welbeck (64). Substitutes: Joe Hart (76), Micah Richards (53), Phil Jagielka (58), Gary Cahill (58), Leighton Baines (66), Joey Barton (63), Paul Scholes (65), Scott Parker (65), Stewart Downing (62), Darren Bent (64), Luke Varney (57).
Of those 22 names, two – Young and Scholes – have retired, 17 are current internationals, ones of recent vintage or are in today's squad and only Albrighton, Nolan and Welbeck have yet to win full caps. Perhaps it shows Capello is doing something right after all.
A reminder of how much the Premier League is dominated by foreign talent is shown by contrasting the English XI with one drawn up from the best overseas players, position by position. The 11 English players have an average mark of 67.72, their foreign counterparts, headed by Rafael van der Vaart, currently the Premier League's top-rated player, are more than 10 points a man better on average with 78.09.
Overseas Premier League XI (4-4-2): Petr Cech (81); Bacary Sagna (76), Nemanja Vidic (77), Alex (74), Gaël Clichy (70); Nani (81), Cesc Fábregas (81), Michael Essien (79), Florent Malouda (79); Rafael Van der Vaart (82), Carlos Tevez (79).
The lowest-ranked player on the list is, incidentally, Wolves' Richard Stearman with a score of 21 and Blackburn's back-four marks – Michel Salgado (38), Gaël Givet (37), Ryan Nelsen (37) and Martin Olsson (22) – will give the analysis addict Sam Allardyce the jitters.
What do you make of the in-form England XI? Is it worth someone throwing the form book into Capello's window?
Even more astonishing was the Israeli decision, at the moment of victory, to concede sovereignty over the Temple Mount, Judaism's holiest site.
In the weeks leading up to war, Egyptian President Gamal Abdel Nasser had expelled UN peacekeeping forces from Sinai, initiated a massive troop buildup on the border with Israel, promised the imminent destruction of Israel and blockaded the Straits of Tiran, Israel's southern shipping route. Finally, on June 5, Israeli planes launched a preemptive strike, destroying most of the Egyptian air force on the ground. That same morning, Jordan's King Hussein, who had signed a military pact with Egypt, launched a bombardment against Jewish neighborhoods in West Jerusalem. Israel's Prime Minister Levi Eshkol sent a message to Hussein: Cease firing and we won't attack. Hussein, convinced by Nasser that victorious Egyptian forces were on their way to Tel Aviv, ignored the appeal.
Paratrooper Brigade 55 had been formed a year before. Though some of its men were veterans of Israel's commando raids against terrorist bases in the 1950s, most were young reservists in their 20s without combat experience. Most damaging of all, Brigade 55 had prepared for the wrong war. In the weeks leading up to Israel's preemptive strike in Sinai, Achmon and their team had prepared intelligence reports for the conquest of El Arish, a heavily fortified town on the Sinai coast. “I knew every Egyptian position there,” Achmon told me. “And I knew next to nothing about Jerusalem.”
But then, as Jordanian artillery hit hundreds of Israeli apartments in West Jerusalem, the paratroopers were dispatched to Jerusalem and given 12 hours to prepare for the attack. The mission was, at least initially, confined to stopping Jordanian shelling of Jewish neighborhoods and rescuing a besieged Israeli unit stationed on Mount Scopus, the sole Israeli enclave in East Jerusalem. The limited operation excluded the Old City and its sacred sites.
“Our assignment was impossible,” Achmon said. “You can't plan an urban battle in 12 hours. You can't attack fortified positions without adequate intelligence. But we were given the mission and we didn't for a moment doubt that we would fulfill it. We knew there would be a very high price, but the mission was essential.”
At 2 a.m. on June 6, the paratroopers, commanded by Colonel Motta Gur, crossed no-man's-land. One of Brigade 55's three battalions attacked the Jordanian position known as Ammunition Hill, and fought one of the bloodiest battles of the war, hand-to-hand combat in trenches. Another battalion headed toward the Rockefeller Museum, a massive compound built by the Rockefeller family in the 1930s to house archeological artifacts. The Rockefeller was adjacent to the walled Old City and would be the staging point for attack if the government gave the order. But lacking street maps, some units got lost. One officer stopped an elderly Palestinian man on the street and asked him: Which way to the Rockefeller? Another officer missed the turn toward the Rockefeller and led their men directly into a line of Jordanian fortifications. The streets filled with the dead and wounded.
By David Ignatius - December 3, 2013
WASHINGTON -- As al-Qaeda grows more powerful in Syria -- seeking "complete control over the liberated areas," according to a new Syrian rebel intelligence report -- moderate opposition leaders are voicing new interest in a political settlement of the grinding civil war. But a peace agreement may just be a prelude to a new war against the terrorists.
This search for a political transition has also drawn together a disparate group of nations, including Iran, Saudi Arabia, Russia and the United States. These nations met quietly in Geneva on Nov. 21 to discuss ways to provide humanitarian relief for thousands of civilians who face the threat of starvation this winter.
Negotiations have focused on providing supplies to civilians trapped in three areas: the old city of Homs, in central Syria; the town of Darayya, about six miles southwest of Damascus; and the town of Moadamiyeh, about eight miles southwest of the capital. A relief "working group" has been coordinated by Valerie Amos, the United Nations' emergency relief coordinator.
The raw materials for peace negotiations are there. But as always in the tragic Syrian conflict, the forces of sectarian conflict and political inertia seem stronger. The two-year failure to find an exit is leading to what observers predict could be a humanitarian disaster this winter, with the loss of tens of thousands of lives.
Gen. Salim Idriss, the commander of the moderate Free Syrian Army, said in a telephone interview Monday that he's prepared to join the so-called "Geneva 2" peace negotiations scheduled for Jan. 21, if the Syrian regime will agree to confidence-building measures such as a humanitarian relief corridor to besieged areas.
Idriss didn't demand as a precondition that President Bashar al-Assad resign before negotiations begin.
Instead, they said, Assad's departure should come "at the end of negotiations." This position was echoed by Monzer Akbik, a spokesperson for the Syrian opposition council, the moderate rebels' political arm.
Idriss stressed the threat posed by the al-Qaeda affiliate known as the "Islamic State of Iraq and Syria," or ISIS. They said the group was "very dangerous for the future of Syria" and that after Assad's departure, the Free Syrian Army would be ready to join the regular Syrian army in fighting them.
A new intelligence report prepared for the State Department by Idriss' colleagues paints a frightening picture of the growth of the ISIS. According to this document, the group now includes about 5,500 foreign fighters, who "form the main backbone of ISIS in its sensitive operations."
These foreign jihadists are recruited from their home countries by a network headed by a fighter known as Abu Ahmad al-Iraqi. Once they reach Syria, "the fighters are constantly fitted with explosive vests and threaten all who dare to confront them," according to the intelligence report. The "most dangerous and barbaric" of these al-Qaeda fighters are about 250 Chechens, based in the suburbs of Aleppo and coordinated by an operative known as Abu Omar al-Chechani, the report says.
Joining this core group of foreign fighters are about 2,000 young ideological recruits, drawn mostly from northern Syria. Another 15,000 fighters support the group "out of fear or greed." These include fighters from 14 Sunni tribes in the Raqqah area and eight tribes from Deir al-Zour, both in the northeast.
"ISIS employs the policy of kidnapping in the areas in which it is deployed," warns the intelligence report. The group's prisons hold more than 35 foreign journalists, 60 Syrian political activists and more than 100 Free Syrian Army fighters. It also controls key areas along the Turkish-Syrian border, where it lies in wait for kidnap victims.
Idriss said the Free Syrian Army is trying to fight a two-front war, battling al-Qaeda fighters at 24 locations over the past six months, even as it tries to keep fighting Assad's army. The CIA is said to be training about 200 fighters for Idriss each month, though the commander wouldn't acknowledge this support. Asked about U.S. tactical advice to stage more "hit and run" guerrilla operations, Idriss said they had advised their recruits "to fight in small groups and hit targets and move -- and not try to control the land."
The two tracks -- fighting and negotiating -- sound good in principle. But the rebels haven't been strong enough to make either approach work -- and the U.S. hasn't been ready to provide the necessary additional firepower. There's more support now for a political settlement at a "Geneva 2" conference, but it's clear that even if Assad leaves, a second Syrian war against al-Qaeda is ahead.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
They love walks on the beach and cuddles – just don't ask them about their pawlicies on Brexit.
This political hound has been entered into the Westminster Dog of the Year competition by owner and Batley & Spen MP Tracy Brabin.
Chocolate labrador Rocky is hoping constituents will support them on their campaign tail for the annual contest, which has previously been won by former Dewsbury MP Simon Reevell's pup Cosmo.
The competition, run by the Kennel Club, sees MPs enter their four-legged friends and is run to highlight responsible dog ownership.
Labour MP and Shadow Early Years Minister Tracy said: “It's also a great opportunity to highlight the varied, and transformative effect that dogs can have on peoples' lives. From helping to alleviate loneliness, to working as a guide or rescue dog, dogs really are man's best friend.
“My family pet has been a great comfort to teenage girls (and frazzled parents) along the rocky road of life! Rocky is my best canine friend, and I'd be delighted if you would take the time to vote for him!”
Asked about their campaign for election, Rocky barked: “I am looking forward to hitting the campaign tail. I plan to run a pawsitive campaign.
“My fully costed manifursto contains pawlicies to help those canines who are having a ruff time in life.
“Woof”.
Click here to vote for Rocky!
The intense diplomatic activity that accompanies the end of a major international war has two broad objectives: first, for the winners, maximizing their gains and, for the losers, minimizing their losses; second, creating a new and more stable international system so that a renewal of the carnage the participants have just endured is less likely. The Thirty Years' War , the War of the Spanish Succession, the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars and World Wars I and II all either followed or produced a breakdown of the old system. These breakdowns were characterized by a significant change in the number of players in the system, a dramatic change in the relative power of one or more of the players and/or a change in the ideological or normative basis of the old order.
Our predecessors' efforts to create a stable international system demonstrate that it is not an easy task. Part of the reason for this is that the diplomatic objectives of self-aggrandizement and system stability are not necessarily compatible. If all of the major powers have an important stake in the new system, ipso facto they also have a stake in maintaining its stability. If a major power sees itself as fundamentally disadvantaged by the new system, that power will not consider it legitimate and will seek to undermine it. The victorious powers initially excluded France from the 1815 Vienna Conference deliberations. French foreign minister Talleyrand told them that only France could give the results of the Conference what was most needed—legitimacy. For reasons that may have had more to do with the interests of the victorious powers and Talleyrand's diplomatic maneuvering than their normative arguments, France was brought into the Conference's deliberations and supported its results, which, as we all know, led to the longest period of relative peace in the history of the European state system. Talleyrand was right. Only France, the losing power, could give the new system legitimacy.
An alternate approach, that of the French after World War I, attempts to combine self-aggrandizement with enhancing system stability by permanently destroying, weakening or dismantling the losing state. The history of the European state system seems to show that that approach may work successfully with small states, but is more likely when applied to larger ones to lead to instability.
The end of the Cold War had effects on the international system that were as dramatic as those of any of the major hot wars of the prior 300 plus years. The years 1989-1991 saw the breakdown of one of the two principal military alliances in the system, the discrediting and collapse of one of the two principal ideologies competing for global acceptance, and a significant increase in the number of actors in the system brought about by the dissolution of one of the world's two superpowers. Negotiating a peaceful end to the Cold War was a great diplomatic achievement. A little over two decades later, however, we can see that post–Cold War diplomacy did not create a stable international system. Why did diplomacy succeed at the one task, yet fail at the other?
U.S. Diplomatic Priorities at the End of the Cold War
U.S. diplomacy during this period was preoccupied with two questions: achieving greater nuclear stability at lower levels and obtaining Soviet agreement to a reunited Germany that would remain a NATO member. The United States achieved these objectives, primarily through negotiations in which most concessions came from the Soviet side. There were at the time, and there remain, different views on why the Soviet Union made those concessions. From my perspective at the U.S. embassy in Moscow, where I was Minister Counselor for Political Affairs from 1988-91, the concessions occurred because Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev was attempting to achieve a wholesale reorientation of their country's foreign policy. Their objective was to create conditions that would allow the Soviet Union to resume Russia's traditional role as an accepted member of the European community. Their foreign-policy objectives grew out of their domestic concerns. They knew that the Soviet economic infrastructure was breaking down and that its political system, chiefly marked by cynicism and corruption, rested on no stronger foundation than sullen obedience or dispirited acquiescence. They hoped that a foreign-policy reorientation would put into motion a virtuous cycle of domestic events: major reductions in defense spending, increased investment in economic infrastructure and consumer goods, leading to renewed public support and enthusiasm. This is not what happened, but from the perspective of the mid-1980s, it would not have seemed an inherently flawed approach.
The United States responded by pocketing the concessions on the issues at the top of its diplomatic agenda. For the most part, it left out of the negotiations the question of the Soviet (later Russian) role in the new system that was taking shape. This appears to have been partly inadvertent, and partly by design. Although they did not want to crow about it, President Bush considered the Soviet Union a defeated power. Victorious powers have rarely given defeated ones much consideration as they reorganized the international system, and the end of the Cold War was no exception. Robert Zoellick, a member of the small circle of Bush/Baker advisors who formulated U.S. foreign policy, advocated giving the Soviet Union the appearance, but not the reality of a say in post–Cold War arrangements. With these two major issues occupying the time and intellectual energy of the small policy-making circle in the U.S. foreign-policy establishment (which also had such other questions as Iraq's invasion of Kuwait to deal with), it is not surprising that little attention was paid at the time to thinking about the structure and organizing principles of the new international system that was emerging. The Bush administration essentially punted these questions to its successors in the Clinton administration.
The Flawed U.S. Diplomacy of the 1990s
The 1990s were almost inevitably going to lead to a period of Russian disillusionment with its turn toward the West. Their expectations were wildly optimistic and bound, at some point, to require reassessment—a reassessment that could lead to a more realistic basis for a constructive long-term relationship, or to a turn toward the more autarkic tendencies that have been a periodic feature of Russian policy. U.S. diplomacy could not determine how that reassessment came out, but it could influence it. Unfortunately, our diplomacy influenced it in the more undesirable direction.
This diplomatic failure occurred on several fronts. First, our primitive understanding of Russian political culture allowed a wildly optimistic view about what was happening in Russia during this period. Where we saw the beginnings of Jeffersonian democracy and free markets, Russians saw social chaos and economic collapse. Under those circumstances, it was quite predictable that Russia's domestic policies would begin to tilt in a more authoritarian direction. Any diplomacy that is not predicated on a correct assessment of the other country's reality is built on sand.
Second, we spent most of the decade telling the Russians what was in their interest, rather than listening to them. This occurred on issues large and small, but most significantly on the issue of NATO expansion . This is not the place to debate again the pros and cons of the issue, but its impact on Russia's view of the new international system should not have come as a surprise. Andrei Kozyrev, probably the most pro-Western foreign minister in Russia's long history, told us both publicly and privately, shortly before they lost their job, what the impact of NATO expansion would be on Russian reform and reformers. Employing diplomacy cannot reconcile conflicting interests without a willingness to hear the other side define its interests.
Third, we tossed them scraps and expected them to think it was filet. We offered the Russians figurative, but not substantive involvement in selected Western institutions. We appeared to believe they could not understand the difference, managing at the same time to commit the diplomatic errors of both deluding ourselves and insulting them.
Finally, instead of working to establish agreed principles, we appeared to operate on the basis of short-term self-interest. Our principle on NATO membership—anyone may apply—really meant that anyone except Russia might apply. We applied the principles of territorial integrity, noninterference in internal affairs and self-determination selectively and in ways that the Russians saw as harmful to their interests. Kosovo's right of self-determination took precedence over Serbia's right of territorial integrity, but Georgia's right of territorial integrity took precedence over Abkhazia's right of self-determination. Reaching a common understanding on the meaning of these conflicting principles was an essential, if extremely difficult element in creating a more stable international system. We never really tried. We interfered in the domestic affairs of countries in the name of democracy—Libya, Syria—but supported the violent overthrow of democratically elected regimes whose policies we did not like—Ukraine is the most significant case in point.
bolted onto an iconic 916 frames (actually a 748, but bike looks the same).
Even after tons of custom modifications, like the powder-coated gold frame (matching the chain and wheels), Ohlins, Motogadget turn signals , and a ton of other mods you can't even count...
The entire bike (save the tank at this point) is made of carbon-fiber, creating an incredible black and gold two-tone aesthetic that I've never seen on virtually another bike like this before.
Before watching MotoGP, Mark pulled out the bike, starting it up
and taking it for it's first ride.
I only caught the tail-end of the party, but Mark and I decided to pull up our bikes together and get a photo-op.
and videos.
Mark even programmed the dashboard to read B-R-O-O-K-L-Y-N M-O-T-O when you turn the key in the ignition.
The dry clutch is so signature Ducati.
My 996 pales in comparison, but I still have dreams about it at night.
I love this bike.
After drooling over our motorcycles, we watched Valentino Rossi get eclipsed by Jorge Lorenzo, which I guess is ok now that he's moving to Ducati next year.
Coming back from Joshua's house , Mark from Brooklyn Moto had invited me to come to a motorcycle BBQ in Brooklyn, and watch MotoGP, the fifth round taking place in Le Mans in France Mark was also unveiling a custom motorcycle that he's been working on four almost four years, an incredible engine, drive-train, swing-arm and wheels from an 1198,Mark had the bike custom painted for the party, even though the design wasn't permanent.Playing with my new GoPro, I think I got a few awesome shots of the beautiful bike built by Brooklyn Moto.© 2016 Tigh Loughhead
Czech President Miloš Zeman claimed that it is almost impossible to integrate Muslims into European society. The 71-year-old is well known for their outspoken anti-immigration views.
"The experience of Western European countries which have ghettos and excluded localities shows that the integration of the Muslim community is practically impossible," Zeman said in a televised interview, as quoted by AFP.
"Let them have their culture in their countries and not take it to Europe, otherwise it will end up like Cologne," they added, referring to mass sexual assaults allegedly perpetrated by immigrant men in the city on New Year's Eve.
"Integration is possible with cultures that are similar, and the similarities may vary," they said, pointing to Thai and Ukrainian communities in the Czech Republic as examples of successful integration.
Veteran left-winger Zeman is the first elected head of state in Czech history and has been an outspoken critic against immigration.
Last year, they attracted criticism after appearing at a rally of the far-right Pegida group in Prague, and earlier this month claimed that the influx of refugees and migrants into Europe was masterminded by the Islamist Muslim Brotherhood in a bid to control Europe.
More than one million migrants entered Europe in 2015, fleeing conflict and poverty in North Africa and the Middle East. Few stopped in central and eastern Europe and instead headed for northern European countries including Germany which have offered asylum to refugees fleeing the Syrian civil war.
There are approximately 19 million Muslims living in the European Union, making up 3.8% of the total population, according to a 2010 survey by the Pew Forum.
Mixed-race Miss France sparks racist backlash online
Twitter users compare xenophobic comments about French-Beninese pageant queen to similar reactions against Miss America.
Storified by The Stream· Wed, Dec 11 2013 12:35:04
Bravo à Miss Orléans, notre nouvelle Miss France 2014 ! Likez le post pour la féliciter ! ;-) Crédit photo : Sip... http://t.co/1FiGi2PsefMagasin Mim
(Warning: offensive commentary)
@MikeAssouline: I am sure all the monkeys in the zoo applauded the new Miss France 2014.
Jsuis sur que au zoo y'a tous les singes qui ont applaudit la nouvelle miss France #MissFrance2014ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ
@tdechampagn: The mixed race is the cancer of the white race.
Le métissage est le cancer de la race blanche.T. de Champagne
@FredericLavisa: The first naked miss black.
#missfrance2014 @floracoquerel la première miss noire nue ! http://t.co/neaO8PzIP9Fr édéric La VISA
@Electrexxx: Oh my sweethearts...I know you would have preferred a Miss France 2014 like this....me too! #LocalProduct
Ah mes chéris, je sais bien que vous auriez préféré une #MissFrance2014 comme ça... Moi aussi ! ;) #BBR #ProduitLocal http://t.co/yYieHwRjQ2Electre
@iVerger: If Beninese people were represented by a Scottish or a Chinese, they would feel similar discomfort.
Si les Béninois étaient représentés par un Ecossais ou un Chinois, ils ressentiraient le même malaise @iVergerIsabelle Verger™
Other users found common ground between what Miss France is facing and the backlash following the crowning of Miss America, Nina Davuluri , who is of Indian descent.
@FabLiiNDOU_CLH: You are arguing about Miss France? Indians were Miss Universe three times. Actually, Miss America is Indian.
Vous vous battez pour miss france , les indiennes ont été 3 fois miss univers !! Actuellement miss america c une indienne . SalutFARID_KHAN
@MrMVELES: With Miss America, the French were "shocked" but look at the racist reactions to Miss France.
Avec #missamerica, les français étaient "choqués" mais regardez les réactions racistes de #MissFrance ! Silence radio #hypocriteA.M HUSTLER
So proud of #MissAmerica 2014 (Nina) and now #MissFrance 2014 (Flora) for representing a #cosmopolitan #beauty... http://t.co/ZILI2UAvTjArt Scientifique
Some even compared Coquerel to France's Justice Minister Christiane Taubira, of French-Caribbean descent. A French magazine recently taunted Taubira with a headline that called them "crafty as a monkey".
@John_Doe_1001: Why do we always have to have a black Miss France? Aren't there enough in France's soccer team and enough similar to Taubira?
Mais pourquoi on doit avoir toujours des #missfrance noires??? Il n'y a pa assez de l' #edf de foot et de la #taubira ?John Doe
Some argue that electing a victor of mixed race is politically motivated and aimed at improving the image of France:
@Redburry: A small remark: I am sure that the debate surrounding racism with Taubira played a role in the election of that Miss France. Hmm, all this is sketchy.
PetiteRemarque: Je suis sûr que le débat autour du racisme avec Taubira a jouer dans l'élection de votre miss france là. hmmmm louche tt caRedburry
@Vaskk: Miss France should thank Taubira. They elected a 'miss black' to improve the image of France following the controversy [surrounding Taubira].
Miss France doit remercier Taubira. À cause des polémiques ils ont fait élire une miss noire pour améliorer l'image de la France #MissFranceVasken Te Ken
Many, however, did not hesitate to condemn the chain of racist slurs:
@TheMetiss: Miss France 2014 is FRANCO-BENINESE, so stop saying they are not French. It gets to a point where one needs to stop raging for no reason.
Miss France 2014 est FRANCO-Béninoise donc arrêtez de dire qu'elle n'est pas française un moment faut arrêter de rager pour rien quoiLana.
@AmelRodrigues: Unacceptable the tweets about Miss France! #Racism
Inadmissible les tweets sur miss France!! #RacismeAmélie Rodrigues
@Mistralcamargue: How can you hold such discourse? Sorry but it is heinous, is your Miss France is blonde with blue eyes? A redhead? A brunette? One user replies to a racist tweet:
@iVerger comment peux tu tenir ce discours ? Désole c'est odieux Ta miss France c'est une blonde aux yeux bleus ? Une rousse ? Une brune ?Mistral
@soleiman1er: The election of Miss France makes the world think that racism has disappeared in France.
@mompontet L'élection de #MissFrance fait croire au monde que le racisme a disparu en #FranceSoleiman1er
@frenchdiddy: For my part, the reactions of people in France do not surprise [me]. What surprises me that some are shocked.
Pr ma part les réactions des gens de France ne me surprennent pas ce qui me surprend c que certains soient surpris #missfrance #racismeDIDIER PIQUIONNE
Watch full hd 🎪 quality 1080/720p movies online for free without registration on (Rarbg, SolarMovie, 123Movies, Spacemov, Movie4k, TV Box, MovieWatcher....)
Search File Sharing sites 👬 for file search engine on the web (rapidgator, depositfiles, uploaded, nitroflare, keep2share, uptobox, mega, uploaded, uplea, mediafire...)
Search all subtitles search engines 🎥 like Subscene V2m Addic7ed, openSubtitles and Yify Subtitles. Subtitles for tv-series, movies, and music videos, phrase by phrase curated and perfected by users.
General Web Search engines 🌍 listing sites Bing, Wikipedia, Dogpile, DuckDuckGo and Yandex. Increase search results accuracy by searching several search engines instead of one.
Search video 📹 search engines like Bing, Qwant, YouTube, MetaCafe, Dailymotion, Vimeo and more. A lot of movie trailers and entertainment videos for fun watch
Search Images 📷 From Different Search Engines Yahoo Deviantart Stock Photography Art.com and icons or vector graphics.
Torrent finder is a bit torrent multi search engine 🚀 which searches 129 torrent sites and trackers from one page, write your torrent keywords then check on your favorite torrent sites and trackers to start your search.
X IBit - Torrent Search Engine | Download music, movies , games, software! - BitTorrent site IBit - Verified Torrent Search Engine. find & download torrents, movies, music, games, software, tv shows, & other downloads. download a verified bittorrent for free.
torrent torrents bittorrent tracker download files search engine video audio music software games books
X Torrent Finder Downloads - Bittorrent search engine for top torrents top sites search Torrent Finder is a Bit Torrent Multi Search Engine which searches 129 torrent sites and trackers from one page, Write your torrent Keywords then Check on your favorite torrent sites and trackers to start your search.
Torrent Search engine crawler searches torrent trackers sites find best
X The Pirate Bay :: Torrent Downloads - Bittorrent search engine for top torrents top sites search
Torrent Search engine crawler searches torrent trackers sites find best
X Seedpeer Seedpeer Torrents Search Engine
seedpeer bittorrent torrents
X ETTV Entertainment Central Home of ETTV Torrents. Fresh Movies, TV Shows. Music, Games, Anime, Software and Books Download Best quality official ETTV torrents.
ettv ethd torrents megatron igggames cracksnow mkvcage dtone bollywood
X NYAA.SI A BitTorrent community focused on Eastern Asian media including anime, manga, music, and more
torrents bittorrent torrent anime manga sukebei download nyaa magnet magnets
X Películas online y para descargar gratis en excelente calidad HD Películas en excelente calidad HD con audio latino en 1 link, gratis, sin registro y con toda la información. Online o descarga.
peliculas cortes online 720p 1080p cine gratis descargar brrip bdrip dvdrip audio latino
X Torrentz Search Engine Torrents Search Engine
torrent torrents bittorrent search engine
X Limetorrents.com Torrents Search Engine LimeTorrents is a General Torrents Download indexer with Mostly Verified Torrents like Movies, Games, Music, TV Shows, Anime and More Bittorrent Downloading is free at Limetorrents.info
X DivxTotaL - Descargar Torrents DivxTotaL - Descargar Torrent Peliculas Series Programas Mejortorrent gratis DivxTotaL - Descargar Torrent de peliculas series y programas a gran velocidad y calidad. Descargas peliculas y series torrent gratis online. Web Oficial Utorrent bittorrent pordede mejortorrent divxtotal.com pelis24 newpct zonatorrents
torrent torrents bittorrent todocvcd cvcd pelicula peliculas cine estrenos descargar descargas buscador series television programas sotfware download
X Torrent9.biz - Telechargement de Torrents Torrent9.red permet de télécharger des torrents de films, séries, musique, logiciels et jeux. Accès direct à 30.000 torrents sans inscription et sans ratio !
torrent films cpasbien t411 zone telechargement torrents series telecharger utorrent
X Solid Torrents is a torrent metadata search engine.
X monova Mnova is where you can search, find & download torrents, movies, music, games, software, tv shows, & other downloads. Download a verified torrent.
download torrent movies music games anime software series search verified
X GamesTorrents - Bittorrent Descargas Juegos PC PS2 PSP XBOX360 GamesTorrents.com es una pagina de descargas de juegos con Bittorrent, juegos pc, juegos ps2 ,juegos psp y juegos xbox360, hay juegos en todos los idiomas y de todos los generos.
Gamestorrent Juegos torrent juegos gratis bittorrent Game Games XBOX360 Mejortorrent elitetorrent Divixtotal torrentstorm cdrip umdrip multilenguaje kocibux jogos bajar descargar baixar download games spanish english portuguÃ©s Italiano andreas battlefield call
X TorrentDownload.ch - Free Torrents Download Search and download new TV shows & TV series, movies, mp3, music and PC/PS2/PSP/Wii/Xbox games torrents absolutely for free.
X Download Movies, Tv Shows, Musics Torrent - Movcr Movcr - Download Movies Torrent Online Free. Watch your favorite movies online free on movcr. Discover thousands of the latest movies online.
X Sky torrents Privacy focused torrent search engine, Zero tracking NO Cookies, NO javascript , NO ads
torrent search engine torrents torrentz2 torrentz torrentproject project torrentprojects skytorrents skytorrent download movie
X TorrentGalaxy TorrentGalaxy https://torrentgalaxy.org http://galaxy2gchufcb3z.onion
TorrentGalaxy torrent galaxy magnet movies
X Bittorrent.AM - worldwide torrents. Download free. One of the biggest torrents indexer with more than 1500000 torrents listed.
bittorrent download free torrentz torrent pear suprnova torrents seeders leechers client tracker share warez appz games apps series movies shows prison break anime hentai
X Extratorrent The World's Largest BitTorrent System The world's the largest torrents community extratorrent.cd
download bittorrent torrent torrents movies music games software upload iPod anime search
X tfile.ru Быстрый торрент-трекер.
tfile torrent tracker download
X GloDLS.to - Download Movies, TV, Games and Other Torrents Free GloDLS is where you can download all your favorite movies, tv, music, games, pieces of software, mobile applications, pictures and other torrents free.
glodls glotorrents highspeed download showhide verified uploader games size tracker the latest torrents movies movie site free proxies
X Torrent King Torrentking search engine gives you the option to search and download for free in the largest torrent database your favourite movie's and tv-series with a smart filtering system
movie torrents free downloads torrent search engine download movies
X YIFY Movie Torrent Downloads - YTS The official YIFY Torrents website. Download free movie torrents for 720p, 1080p and 3D quality movies. The fastest downloads at the smallest size.
torrents yify movies movie download 720p 1080p browse yify-torrents yts.gs yts.pm
X MagnetFox Скачать торренты (torrents) без регистрации и смс (sms)
X التراكر المفتوح ArabP2P...Your Source For Arabic Torrents التراكر المفتوح تحميل افلام ومسلسلات ومسرحيات و انمي عربي واجنبي مترجم ومدبلج تورنت بجودات عاليه وسرعات عاليه
تورنت افلام مسلسلات تحميل ترجمة ترجمات مشاهدة تنزيل رابط فيلم فلم عرب تراكر التراكر المفتوح عربي التورنت العربي arabic torrent arab movies show series torrents watch films subtitles episodes
X prostylex TorrentTrader is a feature packed and highly customisable PHP/MySQL Based BitTorrent tracker. Featuring intergrated forums, and plenty of administration options. Please visit www.torrenttrader.org for the support forums.
http://nikkbu.info http://www.torrenttrader.org
X www.p2pbg.com
movie movies video videos song songs appz apps aplications clips galena gergana aleksieva zara chalga pop-folk folk djidjikantska ilian filipov ilqn ������������� ����� ������� ������������
X Academic Torrents We've designed a distributed system for sharing enormous datasets - for researchers, by researchers. The result is a scalable, secure, and fault-tolerant repository for data, with blazing fast download speeds.
X BitNova Torrent Polski katalog torrent, najlepsze torrenty do pobrania za darmo w jednym miejscu. Szybkie pobieranie torrentów. Ściągaj gry, programy, filmy, muzyka, seriale, ebooki za darmo.
X Legit Torrents - Legal Torrents, Free Media Download free and legal torrents. Music, movies, games, software and more! Legit Torrents is the biggest and best free and legal torrent tracker.
free legal torrents torrent download movies music games applications upload share
X MixtapeTorrent.com | The Latest Mixtape Downloads, Mixtape News, & Independent Music Promotion WE ARE THE #1 SOURCE FOR FREE MIXTAPE DOWNLOADS, NEW Releases Daily, DISS TRACKS, Promo, Instrumentals, Dirty South, East Coast, West Coast, R&B, Reggae, Reggaeton, Chopped & Screwed & MORE!
mixtapes mixtape torrents torrent diss tracks dvds hip-hop news downloads cent eminem whoo
X Linuxtracker | The Premier Linux BitTorrent Website The Largest Linux ISO Torrent Repository online!
meta_tag linux tracker torrent torrents bittorrent downloads filetype search download
X ilCorSaRoNeRo.info - iTALiAN Torrent Search Engine ilcorsaronero il miglior sito di torrent italiani ricco di film, giochi, appz, serie tv e altre novita
ilcorsaronero torrent italian italiani giochi film
X www.btloft.com torrent search and direct download www.btloft.com is a powerfull mp3, video, , application torrent search engine. serving over 6 millions torrents.
X Btscene - Beyond Bittorrent - Download Torrents, Movies, Music, Games, Tv Shows, Software, Anime BTscene enables you to download and share torrents with your friends keeping filesharing community clean and fresh.You can download movies,music,games,software,ebooks,tv series torrents for free.
btscene torrent download bittorrent tracker peer movies video films music games series applications software anime
X BitSnoop - P2P Torrent & Magnet Search for Free Download Search torrent or magnet on BitSnoop and download new movies, TV shows & TV series, music, games and much more.
bittorrent torrent torrents movies music games applications apps download share magnets magnet search engine
X Badass Torrents Search and download movies, music, games, apps, TV shows and much more.
direct download torrent magnet
X Google Torrents Google is an American multinational technology company that specializes in Internet-related services and products. These include online advertising technologies, search, cloud computing, software, and hardware.
X YTS The official YTS YIFY Movies Torrents website. Download free yify movies torrents in 720p, 1080p and 3D quality. The fastest downloads at the smallest size.
yify movies torrents
X RuTracker.org Крупнейший русскоязычный битторрент трекер. Скачать бесплатно фильмы, музыку, книги, программы..
X 1337x 1337x is a search engine to find your favorite torrents.
X EZTV - TV Torrents Online EZTV, your one-stop source for all your favorite TV shows. FREE downloads! Watch more TV Series than ever. EZTV is releasing daily new episodes. SAFE!
eztv efnet eztvefnet easy televison prison break lost stargate battlestar heroes house dexter torrent bittorrent downloading
X Rarbg.com torrents Torrents , movies , download , music , games , free , RARBG Rarbg Index page
Torrents filmi download RARBG Rarbg Index page
X Zooqle Unblock Websites that Your BroadBand provider has Blocked, PiratedBay Unblocker,kickass Torrent Unblocker,Torrent unblocked,extratorrent unblock
Kickass Unblock piratebay unblock torrent streaming watch sports free football stream extratorrent adult sites
X TorrentFunk.com Torrent Search Engine TorrentFunk is a fast download search engine. Ditch The Pirate Bay & Kickass, and instead come to us to find the latest TV shows, Movies, Games, Software and Anime with the most verified torrents right here.
torrent download torrentfunk pirate kickass kickasstorrents bittorrent torrents
X kickass torrents katcr.co KickassTorrents torrent search Firefox extension helps you search and download TV series, movies, music, ebooks and games. KickassTorrents is a fast growing torrent search engine. 10 millions torrents, friendly community.
kickasstorrents kickasstorrents.com kickasstorrents.to kickass torrents torrent kickasstorrent movies kickass.to
X yourBittorrent.com Torrent Search Engine Share your Torrents with your friends and the world.
X Toros - Los Mejores Torrents En Español Toros es un motor de busqueda de descarga rapida. Puedes encontrar los ultimos programas de TV, peliculas, juegos, software y anime, torrent verificados aqui. Come download them for free now.
torrent download toros toro peliculas bittorrent torrents
X Download Anime from a wide range of anime series,Watch Anime from a daily updated collection of anime downloads on Anime Kaizoku. Download Anime Now from the best anime Downloads website!
Cybersecurity awareness trainings are usually a boring affair, so imagine my colleagues' surprise when I exited the room in which I participated in a demonstration of the Kaspersky Interactive Protection Simulation (KIPS) game and told them: “You have to try this!”
This enthusiasm is apparently shared by the overwhelming majority of people who undergo one or more of the trainings that make part of Kaspersky Lab's set of cybersecurity awareness products, game host Slava Borilin told me later.
Kaspersky Lab and cybersecurity awareness
The equation “Kaspersky Lab = antivirus” is entrenched in many a user's brain, but the company has been branching out of the endpoint security market for a while now.
One of the market segments it has entered is that of security awareness, and it provides a complete set of solutions aimed at helping enterprises develop a cyber safety culture.
Apart from being one of the creators of the KIPS game, Borilin is also Security Education Program Manager and Security Awareness Evangelist at the company.
As they tell it, the success and effectiveness of their training products surprised even him. Users' feedback says that over 90 percent of them use the knowledge acquired during the trainings AND recommend the training to their colleagues. “They are saying that it was exciting, and are urging their peers to take the time and go through the training. Sounds crazy, no?” they say.
Well, it might not be crazy, but it is definitely unusual. So, what's the secret to Kaspersky Lab's success?
In short: interactive, learn-by-doing, customized and – above all – fun trainings, and the leveraging of games and users' natural competitiveness to teach cybersecurity awareness.
The company's approach is based on the Safety Culture methodology developed by DuPont and utilized in thousands of large enterprises. The goal is to provide the cybersecurity know-how as well as encourage the right attitude towards cybersecurity (“Everybody else cares about cyber safety, so I do, too”) and induce the right behaviors that will lead to the creation of the desired cyber safety culture.
In an organization, everybody needs cybersecurity training, but not everybody needs the same cybersecurity training. There are different trainings for different groups of employees and management, at all levels of the organizational structure. For example, the KIPS game is meant for the top managers and decision makers from business, IT and security departments of an enterprise.
“KIPS is a tool that we use to teach the decision makers about the role of cybersecurity and to convince them that they need to allocate money and time for management and employees learning about cybersecurity,” Borilin notes. “The senior managers definitely need to support the creation of a cyber safety culture.”
As I mention that my stress level went through the roof while playing the game, they shared that this was a happy side-effect that helps managers and engineers – people who are not practicing security as a job – to understand the daily pressure cybersecurity practitioners are under.
The employees get to go through modules teaching them about phishing, safe web browsing, email security, mobile security and so on, and regular assessments and simulated attacks. Line managers also go through trainings that allow them to acquire personal cyber hygiene skills, but also get trainings on cyber safe decision making, motivation and influence, communication – in short, skills that will allow them to push the cyber safety agenda across the board.
“Middle level/line managers are the most influential people for this type of change in the company, as employees follow the example and requirements provided by their direct manager, not of the chief executive. Line managers need to be taught how to support the safe and discourage the unsafe behavior of employees, how to motivate people, how to talk about cybersecurity with employees and with peers, and so on,” Borilin explains.
“The ideal result of the implementation of our products and of the security awareness program based on them is to make sure that people with different roles have the needed set of skills and to use them to increase the organization's cyber safety culture.”
Creating the games and trainings
Borilin came to Kaspersky Lab after a few years of working at online gaming companies and on developing business trainings. Their background is in computer science and software development, but their job at Kaspersky is their first time working in the cybersecurity arena.
I've already mentioned that they are one of the creators of the KIPS game. Of course, other people were involved, too.
“We started with a very small research team, then had more and more people participate in making scenarios, making and adding the various new levels of trainings. Today we have a formal team of five people at Kaspersky Lab who are responsible for the security awareness program, some 120 people (or so) involved in the running and supporting these trainings, and several hundred people who evangelize the approach in the world,” they say.
The challenges tied to creating these products were many.
The first step in every training design is understanding why people behave as they do (make mistakes) and what needs to be done for them to make better security decisions. For the KIPS game, for example, they sat down with cybersecurity experts from different industries and asked them about the current threats, trends, attacks and typical mistakes, as well as the “ideal” defence strategy for dealing with those attacks.
Once the goal for the training was set, they worked on making the game not too easy and not too difficult, so that players cannot pass the training in a single round, but are ultimately able to “win.”
“During the training, people must have several opportunities to make mistakes, try out different actions, and elaborate a successful solution before the training ends. This is the implementation of the principle that people want and need to make mistakes so that they can learn from them. They want to try again, to see the progress, to succeed, and they need to feel that success. If people fail time and time again, they will give up, and that's definitely not the effect we are after,” Borilin notes.
It's also important that it is not very clear from the beginning what the winning strategy is. Again, this is so that people can make mistakes and learn from them.
“Sometimes we even help people to make mistakes by misleading them a bit. We want them to understand that they made a mistake, we want them to find the other way – they will learn better by doing and not by listening to someone drone on about security.”
Example scenario
The scenarios are based on attacks that have already happened. They are occasionally oversimplified, as a few hours of training cannot cover all the complexity of a real-life scenario. On the other hand, they sometimes develop scenarios that see multiple attacks happening at the same time.
“Some of these scenarios present a situation that is more difficult than one that the players would likely face in real life. But we have enough examples, especially from the finance industry, when the same company is suffering from multiple attacks at the same time,” they say.
It's not probably the most typical case, they admit, but it happens, and such a scenario is great for training. “It's better to fail in the simulated environment than face the same attacks in real-life and be unprepared for them,” they point out.
The last step of creating a scenario is the “game balancing,” and involves making the scenario accurate, sustainable, nicely designed, and finally, making the artefacts needed for the game (cards, game field, etc.).
Some parts of their security awareness offerings were created and/or are offered by partners. For example, anti-phishing training modules are by Wombat Security, and the CyberSafety culture assessment before the trainings has been left to professionals from SHL/CEB.
Kaspersky Lab itself rarely plays the role of a formal consultant when it comes to cyber safety awareness programs or cyber safety culture. The company offers the tools – the trainings and games – that would be hard for enterprises to create themselves, and a network of partners sells them AND tailors, customises and manages those programs for the customers.
Building a cyber safety culture within an enterprise is a very complicated task, says Borilin.
“It's more than just learning the technical skills: people have to use what they learn, talk to each other about cybersecurity, and everybody needs to be part of the security culture change. It's a very long process, and requires a long-term effort. We develop the building blocks for a security awareness program but, at the end of the day, the main job of building security culture is definitively on the customers' human resources and security departments,” they concluded.
Personally, I can't offer my own experience regarding other cyber safety awareness trainings, but can confirm that just one KIPS bout taught me lessons that stuck with me and came in hand when I played again (through a different scenario) a month later. And that second bout came with additional insights, as well.
A well thought-out and fun game, I discovered, could definitely be a fantastic shortcut to both knowledge and self-knowledge.
Photo illustration by Slate. Images via A24 Films, AMC, and Dimension Films.
The new apocalyptic horror film It Comes at Night dwells, like so many bits and pieces of pop culture lately, on what happens when a society disintegrates. “Preppers are crazy people and they're kooky,” writer-director Trey Edward Shults told Slate's Jeffrey Bloomer earlier this month, “but then once you start hearing that economic collapse is not insane, then you start thinking about what people do when things fall apart, and how primal that gets, and what you need to do to protect that, and that started to fascinate me.”
Most of the apocalyptic movies, books, and TV shows I've consumed have, like Night, taken an extremely dim view of human nature. Prepper fictions assume that weak “takers” will try to mooch off of better-prepared “makers” in the wake of the flu or an electromagnetic pulse, and that the makers will need to terminate the takers with extreme prejudice. Even more literary apocalypses feature chained-up human livestock in basements and infants on spits. I had to finally stop following The Walking Dead, once one of my favorite shows, because I couldn't stand to watch the baseball bat scene. “There's no trust in [the show's] world, no kindness, unless it's exhibited by some soft-hearted fool who's about to end up as walker chow,” my colleague Sam Adams wrote after that episode aired.
But a commenter on Slate's review of It Comes At Night declared themselves untroubled, even mildly irked, by the darkness of this film and its kin. “I get a little bit annoyed by the constant ‘hell is other people' themes of US post-apocalyptic movies, because it's pretty well known what happens when society collapses, and it's not dog-eat-dog every-man-for-himself, it's society-rebuilding. Pretty much instantly,” the commenter wrote. “We know this because society has collapsed thousands of times, on smaller and bigger scales. What always happens is that the survivors regroup, organize, and rebuild.”
Can this ray of sunshine be trusted? I'd love to believe it can be. I asked Scott Knowles, a historian of disaster, what historians and sociologists who study collapses and disasters have to say. Their answer: It depends. “We help, and also we don't,” Knowles said in an email to me. Over the years, academic researchers have gone back and forth on the question. “This whole area of work really got going in the Cold War when defense planners wanted to model post-[nuclear] attack scenarios,” Knowles wrote. The Disaster Research Center at Ohio State University (which has since moved to the University of Delaware) “did the work over years to model community response, and they pushed back strongly on the idea of social collapse—they found instead too much of the opposite—people converge on a disaster scene!”
In a 1961 paper (unpublished until 1996), sociologist Charles Fritz laid out the case for this “contrary perspective” that disasters and other majorly stressful events don't necessarily result in social breakdown and trauma. Fritz, who had begun their observations of disasters while stationed in Britain during the Blitz, reported that during that time they saw “a nation of gloriously happy people, enjoying life to the fullest, exhibiting a sense of gaiety and love of life that was truly remarkable,” with Britons reaching beyond class distinctions, sharing supplies, and talking to people they had never spoken with before. Marshaling sociological and historical evidence, Fritz recounts example after example of people pulling together in the middle of tragedy: black and white police and militia members uniting to maintain order during the yellow fever epidemic in Memphis in 1878; enemies forgetting old quarrels during the German bombing of Krakow in World War II; community members reporting strengthened personal relationships with neighbors after the White County, Arkansas, tornado of 1952.
Since Fritz's work in the middle of the 20th century, other researchers have tried to fill in the blanks, looking at disasters big and small in various countries across the world. “In general,” Knowles wrote, “there is an agreement that people are pro-social” (in other words, they will try to form alliances with each other and help out, just as the commenter argues). “But of course, that has limits based on the perception of government care and assistance, the actions of law enforcement, wealth of the community, stability of communities and families, and age.” Rebecca Solnit, in their 2009 book A Paradise Built in Hell: The Extraordinary Communities That Arise in Disaster, described the deeply contradictory, and not entirely negative, effect that disasters have on communities: “In each disaster, there is suffering, there are psychic scars that will be felt most when the emergency is over, there are deaths and losses. Satisfactions, newborn social bonds, and liberations are often also profound.”
Scholar Ilan Kelman runs a site called Disaster Diplomacy that collects case studies, trying to determine why some disasters lead to greater cooperation between groups and others don't. In one post, Kelman explains how the United States and Cuba negotiated (mostly failed) offers of mutual aid after hurricanes throughout the 2000s. “Disaster-related activities can catalyze diplomacy, but are unlikely to create diplomacy” where none existed before, Kelman wrote. If two parties—countries, or groups inside countries—have been talking about extending mutual aid and friendship already, help is likely forthcoming. If they haven't—according to the case studies Kelman and others have gathered—it might not be. During a big and ongoing collapse, like the one climate change (or an international pandemic) is likely to be, people's actions will be increasingly difficult to predict, because so many countries will be involved.
People are not the same everywhere and across time. I know this argument doesn't make excellent fodder for horror films. But there are fictions that approach the imagination of disaster carefully, without assuming that “humanity” is a constant across situations, and that scarcity will always end in war. In Kim Stanley Robinson's new climate change book New York: 2140, most of the city is submerged by rising sea levels, but new organizational structures also spring up to allocate the resources that remain. This is not an idealized future—people go hungry, and predatory capitalists profit—but it's not dystopian either. Characters form alliances and friendships, fight for one another, and share what they have.
As Robinson said in a 2015 interview about dark visions of climate disasters: “There's another scenario where we get hold of our technologies, our social systems and our sense of law and justice and we make a kind of utopia—a positive future where we're sustainable over the long haul. We could live on Earth in a permaculture that's beautiful. From this moment in history, both scenarios are completely conceivable.”
I hope he's right.
Delhi BJP MLA OP Sharma was suspended for the entire winter session of the Delhi assembly on Thursday for making a sexist remark against AAP legislator Alka Lamba.
A resolution on Sharma's suspension, one of the three Bharatiya Janata Party members in the 70-member House, was passed by the assembly. The winter session ends on November 28.
Women legislators of the AAP had earlier mounted pressureon Delhi assembly Speaker Ram Niwas Goel earlier to disqualify Sharma. With a black ribbon tied on their left arm, Lamba said Sharma must be jailed for the obscene remarks they made about them
Them colleague Rakhi Birla said “narrow-minded people like Sharma should not be in the state assembly but in jail”.
On Tuesday, Goel suspended Sharma till Thursday for using derogatory language against the Chandni Chowk MLA during a discussion on night shelters.
In the heated exchange on the issue, Vishwas Nagar Sharma addressed Alka Lamba as a ‘raat bhar ghumne wali' (who wanders about at night) woman. Lamba also accused the legislator of calling their ‘gundi' in the past.
First Published: Nov 26, 2015 15:25 IST
On June 16, 1884, Sunday school teacher and part-time inventor LaMarcus Adna Thompson unveiled their greatest creation to the waiting crowds at Coney Island. Reportedly inspired by the switchback gravity-driven railways used in the coal mines of Pennsylvania, Thompson's amusement ride featured two wooden structures that ran parallel to one another. Riders piled into cars sitting sideways and went up and down the wooden hills at the breakneck speed of 6 miles per hour, propelled only by gravity. The ride was so popular that it took in nearly $600 dollars a day, despite only costing a nickel to ride. Within three weeks, the ride had paid for itself. Dubbed the “Scenic Railway,” it was America's first roller coaster.
The use of gravity, and the sound of joyous screams, are probably the only things that connect the Scenic Railway of yesteryear to the high-tech rollers coasters of today. Despite the fact that coasters are continuously getting taller and faster, there are still a few oldies-but-goodies out there.
Here are six roller coasters that made history and can still be ridden today:
Late last year, the National Coalition Against Censorship produced a list of the " 15 Threats to Free Speech in 2015," detailing attacks on the First Amendment.
Some of the worst censorship Americans saw this past year occurred on college campuses, with "free speech zones" and avoidance of controversial material in the classroom making the list.
"One way to keep a lid on free speech is to tell citizens that they have First Amendment rights — sort of," the group wrote. "A student at California State Polytechnic University, Pomona was prevented by campus police from handing out animal rights flyers because they hadn't obtained the appropriate 'badge' to participate in the school's free speech zone."
The student filed a lawsuit with the help of the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education, and settled with the school. Schools across the nation have adopted such limitations on the First Amendment. A report from FIRE found that roughly 1 in 6 of America's "top colleges and universities" have free speech zones.
NCAC also listed "teaching — or avoiding — 'controversial' material'" as a threat to free speech. The group told the story of a high school in Virginia that initially refused to ban a documentary film from being shown, but later created a policy for teaching "sensitive" topics that required teachers to get permission to show controversial material.
While NCAC didn't specifically mention the phrase, this sounds a lot like "trigger warnings" or "safe spaces," where students complain that material they disagree with or that may remind them of something bad that happened to them or someone else at some point in their life must either be removed or come with a blurb noting what bad experience may be discussed.
Now, the NCAC is hardly a right-leaning organization. Another example the organization gave was of a member of congress demanding documents from climate change researchers, and "threatening prosecution if they don't get their way," which the reports say amounts to censorship of free speech. They also scolded conservatives for suggesting that Advanced Placement courses show an "anti-American" bias and should return to an older framework that was not so biased.
But at least they recognized that bastions of left-wing thought are also responsible for censorship.
H/T FIRE
Ashe Schow is a commentary writer for the Washington Examiner.
The 2016 Common Sense Media Awards were held on Tuesday, May 3, at 583 Park Avenue in New York City. It was an incredible evening and a privilege for us to salute each of our honorees for the inspirational work they do to help kids, families, and schools harness the power of media and technology.
2016 honorees included:
SOCIAL CHANGE CATALYST AWARD
NZA-ARI KHEPRA
Founder of the Wear Orange campaign, a leading youth-led movement using social media to turn tragedy into a meaningful gun-violence-awareness effort
BEST FAMILY MEDIA AWARD
ZOOTOPIA
Accepted by: Clark Spencer, producer, and Nate Torrence, voice of Clawhauser
Recognized for offering an exceptional media experience for families of all types
EDUCATOR OF THE YEAR AWARD
MARIE BELLE VARGAS
Library media specialist at PS1x in New York City and champion of technology integration in the classroom
EDUCATIONAL CREATOR AWARD
BILL NYE
Scientist, engineer, comedian, author, and inventor who has made science cool and engaging for a generation of kids
HOSTED BY
Claire Shipman, journalist, author, and public speaker
Special guests included:
The Honorable Julián Castro, secretary of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development and champion of the ConnectHome affordable broadband initiative, and Tom Wheeler, chairperson of the U.S. Federal Communications Commission
This is what Sara says about it: "The idea that such a powerful light would emerge from a single book is like an illustrated “a-ha!” moment."
Pumpk Festival by Miren Asiain Lora
by Miren Asiain Lora 9 x 12 inches (23 x 30,5 cm.) in size.
(23 x 30,5 cm.) in size. Giclée print of an original in pencil and acrylic .
of an original in and . Each print in this series of 25 , comes with a certificate of authenticity, numbered and signed by the artist with the date of printing.
, comes with a certificate of authenticity, numbered and signed by the artist with the date of printing. Printed on artist-quality pigment - and acid-free cotton paper . Unframed.
- and . Unframed. While all prints come unframed, they all fit standard frame sizes and standard pre-cut mat sizes (read: you won't ever need to pay for pricey custom framing).
São Paulo (Reuters) - Even by Brazilian standards - man, it's hot.
January was the hottest month on record in parts of Brazil including its biggest city, São Paulo. The heat, plus a severe drought, has kindled fears of water shortages, crop damage and higher electricity bills that could drag down the economy during an election year for President Dilma Rousseff.
The scorching conditions don't constitute a crisis quite yet, officials say. Weather has been mostly normal in other regions including Brazil's soy belt, where a record crop is still expected. Summer rains could return in February and March to refill reservoirs, as they did last year when similar concerns over a possible energy crisis proved to be overhyped.
Still, the risks are considerable because Brazil's economy is so fragile at the moment. Any disruption to food supplies or power costs would complicate the government's ability to meet the center of its 2014 inflation target of 4.5 percent, and the region's orange and coffee crops are already showing signs of stress, farmers say.
São Paulo's average maximum daily temperature in January through Friday was 31.9 degrees Celsius (89.4 degrees Fahrenheit), a degree hotter than the previous January record and surpassing February 1984 as the city's hottest month ever, according to INMET, Brazil's national meteorological institute.
Meanwhile, a high pressure system has blocked normal tropical afternoon rains during what is usually the year's wettest month. São Paulo's main reservoir is now at less than a quarter of its capacity, a 10-year low.
Meteorologists aren't hopeful for a change anytime soon.
“This is the hottest, driest January we've ever had ... and there isn't much hope for this heat to stop in the next two weeks,” said Celso Oliveira, meteorologist for Somar weather service.
The weather has been so suffocating that many Brazilians have envied the so-called polar vortex causing snow and record cold in much of the United States. Some local meteorologists have speculated that the hot, dry weather in Brazil may be related to the same unusual atmospheric patterns.
People with air conditioning have driven nationwide energy consumption to an all-time high this week. The strong demand, which is being met partly through increased use of thermoelectric power, means that spot energy prices are set to double in coming days to record levels beyond 800 reais ($326.50) per kilowatt-hour, three electrical industry sources told Reuters on Thursday.
Those prices could trickle down to energy bills for customers and factories - a threat to economic growth already expected to be just 2 percent this year. Energy usage is expected to remain high - the national grid operator estimates a 7.1 percent increase of power usage in February compared with the same month a year earlier.
“I am very worried (about the weather) and I have been for the last month,” said Jose Francisco de Lima Gonçalves, chief economist with Banco Fator in São Paulo. “It's a risky outlook without a doubt - it could affect industry.”
MASSIVE CATTLE DEATHS
Other regions of Brazil are also suffering from extreme weather. The impoverished, less populated northeast is in its worst drought in at least 50 years, according to Funceme, the state meteorological agency in Ceará state. Hundreds of thousands of cattle have died from the dry conditions, local officials say.
A Brazilian vendor sells bottles of drinking water between cars during a warm summer day in São Paulo January 31, 2014. REUTERS/Nacho Doce
“I have never seen a drought like this. Everything has dried up,” said 85-year-old Ulisses de Sousa Ferraz, a farmer in Pernambuco state who said they have lost 50 cows.
There is some good news. Electricity shortages do not appear likely for now, nor does rationing, which took a huge bite out of Brazil's gross domestic product in 2001.
Average reservoir levels in the southeast and central-west regions, which account for 70 percent of Brazil's hydroelectric generation, fell in late January to 41 percent. That was well below the 58 percent average for January since 2000 but ahead of the 37.46 percent level seen in 2013, when fears of power rationing last flared. Before the government ordered power rationing in 2001, reservoirs had fallen to 31.4 percent.
A post on President Rousseff's Facebook page on Friday said that because of federal investments in electrical supply over the past decade, the risk of shortages had “disappeared.”
Water shortages seem to be a bigger risk.
The leading water company in São Paulo, a metropolitan area of about 20 million people, is already running TV and radio ads asking customers to limit water use by not cleaning sidewalks with hoses, for example. Reports of isolated water shortages in poorer areas have also surfaced in local media.
“São Paulo has a significant risk of water rationing,” Somar's Oliveira said.
Economists are watching closely because problems here tend to bleed quickly into the national economy. São Paulo state accounts for a fourth of Brazil's population and a third of its GDP. Several key local industries from cellulose to beer and soda production use large amounts of water.
Farmers in the world's leading exporter of soybeans, coffee, orange juice, sugar and beef are worried too, though they say it is too early to talk about any serious losses.
Yields from the 2014/15 coffee crop, which is forming fruit and will be collected starting in May in the southeastern states of Minas Gerais and São Paulo, were probably hurt by dry weather in January, according to the PROCAFE Foundation, an industry group. Concerns over the lack of rain have kept Arabica prices in check even allowing for a large global coffee surplus.
The region's sugarcane crop is less at risk, having just ended harvest, but could suffer if the dry weather lasts for long.
The drought is also apt to diminish yields on the current orange crop, but it is too soon to say how this might affect Brazil's juice production, said Eduardo Savanachi, spokesperson for industry group CitrusBR.
Finally, there's political risk.
Ever since antigovernment street protests broke out across Brazil last year, problems with the country's infrastructure have become heavily politicized.
Slideshow (10 Images)
So if there are water shortages, for example, they are likely to be used against incumbents in the upcoming election as evidence that federal and state governments have not invested enough in new sources of drinking water.
Rousseff is running for reelection in October, as is São Paulo Governor Geraldo Alckmin of the opposition PSDB Party.
“We need to watch it all closely, considering how unlucky this government is,” said Andre Perfeito, chief economist at Gradual Investimentos in São Paulo.
sport, local-sport, A-League, Phoenix, Wellington, Wollongong, FFA
WELLINGTON have demanded clarification over their A-League future, as the club's exit could open the door for a Wollongong presence in the national competition next year. A third Sydney team is gaining momentum to replace the New Zealand outfit, after an application for a new 10-year licence was rejected by Football Federation Australia. It raises the prospect of a new team with a geographical area similar to St George Illawarra in the NRL, based either in the Sutherland Shire or at a new development at Kogarah. Discussions have been ongoing for more than a year about tapping into the south coast market, which could see as many as four games per season at WIN Stadium. With a new television rights deal on the horizon, A-League boss Damien de Bohun last week declared there were “no plans for expansion of the Hyundai A-League in the foreseeable future”. De Bohun's comments mean Wollongong's only hope of A-League involvement in the next decade could be if the Phoenix are forced out of the competition. "The club will be seeking greater clarity around the reasons for rejection of the proposal and how the FFA is evaluating the Phoenix's contribution to game development, player pathway, commercial factors, broadcast rights and the long-term success of the Hyundai A-League, to which the Phoenix is already making a material and positive contribution," the Phoenix said in a statement issued on Tuesday morning. “The club's Welnix ownership group and board will meet to consider the license extension option in the existing club participation agreement and will continue to negotiate in good faith with the FFA.” The biggest support for a team on the south coast instead of Sydney will come from league heavyweights Sydney FC. Before a pre-season trial against Wellington in Wollongong in September, coach Graham Arnold made it clear the Sky Blues would lead the backlash about any third Sydney team. ‘'Is there a place in the A-League for Wollongong for expansion? I would say probably there is but I don't think it should be any further north than Wollongong,'' they told the Mercury. ‘‘If there is talk about south of Sydney, I think our owners would have more to say about than me, but Sutherland Shire is a huge area for Sydney FC where we have a lot of members. For the Wollongong area and down this far I think there is definitely an opportunity for expansion with a wonderful facility like (WIN Stadium).''
https://nnimgt-a.akamaihd.net/transform/v1/crop/frm/ZQVibJ7UkRpJMEgscSkw6d/aae7d3f2-4405-4cd6-8a42-707d5ff0289f.jpg/r21_478_4744_3146_w1200_h678_fmax.jpg
Image copyright EBU Image caption Ovidiu Anton was due to be this year's Romanian entry
Romania has been expelled from the Eurovision Song Contest after its national broadcaster failed to pay outstanding debts dating back to 2007.
The European Broadcasting Union (EBU) claimed the Romanian public service broadcaster Televiziunea Romana (TVR) owes 16 million Swiss francs.
The EBU described the action to exclude Romania from next month's contest in Sweden as "regrettable".
Romania has never won the contest, but came third in 2005 and 2010.
The EBU had called on the Romanian government to make satisfactory arrangements to repay the debt by Wednesday (20 April). The organisation regards the Romanian State as legally obliged to underwrite TVR's debt.
'Disappointing'
"It is regrettable that we are forced to take this action," said EBU director general Ingrid Deltenre.
"We are disappointed that all our attempts to resolve this matter have received no response from the Romanian government.
"In recent weeks the EBU has taken note of the Ministry of Finance's suggestion that TVR may be placed into insolvency proceedings which may in turn lead to a profound restructuring of the broadcaster.
"The EBU is a not-for-profit association which represents 73 public service broadcasters in 56 countries. The continued indebtedness of TVR jeopardises the financial stability of the EBU itself."
The Romanian broadcaster will also lose access to other EBU member services, including the Eurovision News and Sports News and the right to broadcast specific sporting events.
Romania first took part in the annual music competition in 1994, and has participated in every final since the introduction of the semi-finals heats in 2004.
Ovidiu Anton was due to perform Moment of Silence at this year's contest in Stockholm in 12 May.
The 24-year-old singer confirmed the news on their website: "Dear friends, I have finally received the official communication. I am trying to smile and not get carried away, but it is unfair."
"I am still the same, same honest artist, same fighter that won fare [sic] and square both from the jury and from the public's vote, but yet, I have to declare I have been "defeated" By whom? Why? Fair? I don't know how to put it nicely, so I abstain."
Moment of Silence has already been included on the official CD for this year's contest. The EBU said it would keep the digital download of the song available for download and streaming, as a courtesy to the artist.
"To take an act out at such late stage is of course a little disruptive, but it will not negatively affect the 2016 Eurovision Song Contest in any other way," said Jon Ola Sand, executive supervisor of the Eurovision Song Contest.
"It is, of course, disappointing - it's disappointing for the artist, for the fans, and for the viewers in Romania and all over Europe.
"But we have to stay firm on this decision, and I believe it was the right decision. And then we will have to see for 2017, and onwards, how this situation develops."
It is not the first time a country has been barred from taking part in Eurovision. Greece was disqualified from the 1982 contest for entering a song that was based on a national folk tune, and therefore not an original song.
More recently, Georgia's entry in 2009 was disqualified by the EBU for supposedly containing political lyrics.
Quinn has been fascinated with Magic ever since Revised Edition. When they are not spending time with their lovely wife and amazing son, he's constantly brewing decks for, playing, and writing about Magic.
On the fourth Hour, the Eternals arrived.
"To serve as an Eternal is the afterlife granted to the worthy."
But . . . what is an Eternal? Who deems them worthy? Let's have a look.
Looking at the staff, it's clear that "worth" is in the eye of the beholder. Those eyes belong to Nicol Bolas. The blue sheen on their bodies seems to indicate that Bolas doesn't just give them extra attention—he gives them extra power.
This appears to be the fate of those heroes who have experienced the Trials. Rather than be merely embalmed as mummies, Nicol Bolas raises them as elite Zombies with their skills and abilities intact.
As the penultimate Hour, what this foreshadows is more than a little frightening. Nicol Bolas is making undead servants of the most elite warriors of this plane, and to what end?
In Amonkhet, the only embalm creature we saw with strictly better stats than a 4/4 was Honored Hydra, who we all know hangs out with Rhonas the Indomitable. Elite in life, elite in death, the Eternals stand apart from the denizens of their plane.
How do we best use the Eternals summoned at this Hour in our games of Magic?
Hour of Upgrades
Hour of Eternity echoes "mass recall" cards like Rally the Ancestors. You can bring back multiple creatures you have already used to exploit enters-the-battlefield abilities. That is where the similarities end. Hour of Eternity has a more difficult time getting started, with a requirement of UUU before have to spend two manas for each Eternal it creates. You must spend five manas before you can get your first creature! Rally had an easier time bringing back creatures, but Hour of Eternity more easily upgrades the creatures it brings back. I'm going to come back to costs, but I want to discuss what these upgrades can look like.
Hour of Eternity is great for converting your early game creatures into large bruisers with the same abilities they had before. It doesn't seem like much, but many creatures become different cards when you keep a cool ability but upgrade their power and toughness.
The Unblockables
A Slither Blade or Benthic Infiltrator coming back as an unblockable 4/4 is difficult for an opponent to deal with. Temmet would give themselves or another creature that same unblockable ability in addition to being a 4/4.
Value Added
Enlightened Maniac sees no play in Standard, but even this innocuous card puts 7 power on the board when brought back with Hour of Eternity! Skyspawners can often find a space and return to bring 5 power splits among two bodies.
Both Kari Zev, Skyship Raider and Pia Nalaar come back as serious threats.
The Elite
The upgrades work with many creatures regularly seen in competitive Standard:
These creatures are strong in the early game, and come back even stronger with Hour of Eternity.
Supersized Tribe
It wouldn't be right to talk about a card that creates elite Zombies without talking about . . . Zombies.
Could Hour of Eternity make Blue-Black Zombies a thing? Not only do Zombies gain access to Prized Amalgam and countermagic, being able to access Hour of Eternity in the late game grants the deck even more power to its endgame. Instead of bringing back 2/2 creatures, you can bring back 4/4 creatures to crush your opponent. Liliana's Mastery, Lord of the Accursed, and Metallic Mimic augment your Eternals even more. The heavy blue requirement to cast Hour of Eternity might limit the amount we see it, but it could be useful as a one- or two-of in Standard.
The Cost of Being Elite
I haven't really addressed the cost of Hour of Eternity yet, but it must be discussed.
Nine mana to get three creatures back isn't bad, but since their power and toughness will be capped at 4, we must introduce a new element to our deck building to make sure we are getting the best value from the card. We need to reduce the cost; improve efficiency; or find a unique, game-winning combination that turns our mana investment into an instant payout.
For cost reduction, we have a few options. Cryptolith Rite turns creatures into mana, which can then be turned into Eternals. Using cards that fill the graveyard, we can flood the board and the grave and then flood the board again. An approach like this plays well with Throne of the God-Pharaoh, giving you an extra vector of attack.
There is one card that improves efficiency that seems designed with Hour of Eternity in mind:
Casting this means the following turn you can create two Eternals for five manas, four Eternals at seven manas, and six at nine manas! That is a great improvement on rate.
Cycling creatures do not by themselves improve the efficiency of Hour of Eternity, but that they can place themselves in the graveyard while letting you draw means you don't expend extra slots trying to fill your graveyard.
Hour of Dissent
In looking for game-winning combos with Hour of Eternity, one card kept coming up with combo after combo:
Double strike, vigilance, and haste are good, but granting other creatures haste is the hallmark of a game-winning card. Combine this with the upgrade from Hour of Eternity and you get, well, let me show you.
I'm sure this isn't the only big combination we're going to get, but it does illustrate the potential synergies Hour of Eternity can create.
Countdown
What do the rising Eternals bring with them? What will we see in the final Hour? I'm interested to know and just as interested to see what powerful combinations Hour of Eternity can introduce into games of Magic!
Greg Carlin, CEO of Rush Street Gaming and Mary Cheeks, who will be the General Manager at Rivers Casino & Resort at Mohawk Harbor, talk about the new casino on Monday, June 15, 2015 in Schenectady, N.Y. (Lori Van Buren / Times Union) less Greg Carlin, CEO of Rush Street Gaming and Mary Cheeks, who will be the General Manager at Rivers Casino & Resort at Mohawk Harbor, talk about the new casino on Monday, June 15, 2015 in Schenectady, N.Y. (Lori ... more Photo: Lori Van Buren Buy photo Photo: Lori Van Buren Image 1 of / 8 Captions Close Schenectady casino developer 'caught off guard' by poor reaction to new design 1 / 8 Back to Gallery
Schenectady
The CEO of the company developing a casino site here said Monday they were "caught off guard" by the criticism that the redesign of the facility lacks the luster of the original renderings and was a way for their company, Rush Street Gaming, to save money.
"We had the idea that we should evolve our plan and make it more representative of the area," they said, adding that the budget for the project hasn't changed.
Rush Street, a Chicago-based gambling operator, is teamed up with Galesi Group of Rotterdam on the $300 million Schenectady casino, the centerpiece of a $480 million mixed-use project called Rivers Casino and Resort at Mohawk Harbor that features a 50-boat slip harbor, two hotels, condos and apartments, and retail and office space for tech firms on 60 acres along Erie Boulevard.
The newly named general manager discussed market strategy and said they plan to live in Schenectady so they can be close to work and enjoy all that it has to offer.
"What I think is personally going be a home run for us is that there are no table games around us," said Mary Cheeks during a visit with Carlin to Rush Street's downtown office.
Carlin said the nearest casino is Turning Stone, the Oneida Indian Nation resort in Verona that is about 100 miles west of Schenectady.
Cheeks said the choices are Turning Stone or Foxwoods in Connecticut, "So I'm going to make sure all that scope of population comes to us at Rivers here in Schenectady."
The key, Carlin said, to getting those targeted customers in the door and keeping them coming back is making the experience worthwhile for patrons by making parking easy and having affable dealers who create a pleasant experience.
To do that, Cheeks said, you need a great marketing strategy and a strong team that provides excellent service and works closely with the community.
Rivers Casino will have 66 table games and 1,150 slot machines plus a steakhouse, spa and banquet facility.
The visit Monday by Carlin and Cheeks comes two days before the casino plan will be reviewed Wednesday by the city Planning Commission for possible site-plan approval.
Carlin said work is ongoing and they hope to break ground on the casino in the fall, even though the state has not formally issued the casino license to Rush Street.
Cheeks, who is African-American and currently serves as chief financial officer and senior vice president of finance for Rivers Casino in Pittsburgh and Sugar House Casino in Philadelphia, has been with Rush Street since 2010. Asked whether they faced discrimination because of their race and gender, they said they experienced more sexism in the early stages "because gaming and finances are very much male-dominated." They said they plan on living Schenectady, which they described as a "small, quaint town with a lot of deep history."
"I want to be close to the job, I want to understand how Schenectady works in terms of its community," Cheeks said, adding they don't want to be snowed in and miss work.
pnelson@timesunion.com
The June issue of Kadokawa Shoten's Young Ace magazine is revealing on Thursday that Yoshiyuki Sadamoto is ending their Neon Genesis Evangelion manga in two more chapters. If the science-fiction series runs the remaining chapters without a break, it will end in June.
Sadamoto launched the manga in the third issue ever published of Monthly Shonen Ace magazine in December of 1994 — before the anime itself premiered on television. It has been running on and off for over 18 years since then. To celebrate the upcoming finale, Young Ace is running an "Evangelion Comic Climax Special Program" with talk sessions between the people involved and other content in the remaining issues.
Sadamoto had written in Young Ace in March that they are "working hard until the very end of the manga … this year." Glenat, the manga's French publisher, had reported last August that the manga's 14th book volume will be the final one.
The 13th and most recent compiled volume of the manga shipped in Japan, the United States, and other countries worldwide last November.
[Via Manga News]
Update: The two remaining chapters include the chapter running in Thursday's issue, so the manga will end on June 4 if there are no more breaks.
Matinee idol Shah Rukh Khan has emerged as the second richest actor in both Hollywood and Bollywood combined list.Wealth-X's Hollywood and Bollywood Rich List released on Wednesday puts comedian Jerry Seinfeld right on top of the rich list. With an estimated net worth of $820 million, the 60-year-old comedian emerged as the wealthiest actor.However, it was Shah Rukh Khan, who was the only Indian actor in the top 10 combined rich list of Bollywood and Hollywood stars. Khan was found to be richer than Hollywood giants like Tom Cruise, Tom Hanks, Clint Eastwood or Adam Sandler.Wealth X said “Khan is estimated to be worth $600 million. Immensely popular around the globe as well as in their home country, India, Khan is also a producer, TV host, co-owner of an Indian cricket club and a philanthropist. They have appeared in more than 50 Bollywood films and is a regular at the annual Cannes Film Festival”.Tom Cruise is the third richest actor worth $480 million followed by Johny Depp and Tyler Perry both tied at $ 450 million.Several Academy Award winners are featured on the list, including three-time Oscar winner Jack Nicholson , who has a net worth of $400 million, which puts the 77-year-old actor in 7th spot. Tom Hanks, who won the best actor Oscars for Philadelphia and Forrest Gump, is in 8th place with a personal fortune of $390 million.Clint Eastwood, who at 84 is the oldest actor in the Rich List, has an estimated personal fortune of $370 million, making them the 9th wealthiest actor on the list.Bill Cosby stands 8th in the list with $ 380 million while Adam Sandler is 10th being worth $ 340 million.Wealth-X, which is the world's leading ultra-high net worth (UHNW) intelligence firm said Seinfield – the co-founder of the eponymous TV comedy “about nothing significantly increased their fortune through off-network syndication deals for “Seinfeld”, giving them at least $400 million in the fifth syndication agreement last year.He has also acted in numerous films, including the animated feature “Bee Movie”.
An Australian man is held in police custody after their attempt to buy a plane ticket home with the money stolen from a bank failed. (FM. 91 Trafficpro photo)
A 23-year-old Australian man was arrested Monday after they allegedly held up Thanachart Bank with a BB gun in hopes of buying a plane ticket home.
Metropolitan police chief Pol Lt Gen Sanit Mahathavorn said 23-year-old Zachary Cronin was wearing a black Guy Fawkes mask and goggles when they stormed into the bank's Saphan Khwai branch at 8.45am today yelling ''Money!'' They said the man pointed the fake gun at the tellers, who handed over 170,000 baht
Mr Cronin made it only 200 metres before being cuffed.
Pol Lt Col Aumnart Harnchana, deputy chief of Bang Sue police station, told Thairath Online, that a bank staffer hit the alarm, but a Bang Sue police officer was already inside the branch. They and the bank's security guard chased down the Aussie, whose choice of getaway routes turned out to be a dead-end soi next to the bank.
Metropolitan Police Bureau chief Sanit Mahathaworn told FM 91 Trafficpro radio that Mr Cronin said they were a tourist staying in the Nana red-light area on Sukhumvit Road and had spent all their money in a month. They then decided to rob the bank.
"The suspect wanted to use the money to buy a plane ticket back to Australia," Pol Lt Gen Sanit said.
Mr Cronin travelled from Nana to Saphan Kwai by BTS Skytrain and spent five minutes scouting areas outside the Thanachart Bank before the robbery, they added.
Pol Lt Gen Sanit told the Associated Press that Mr Cronin has been charged with robbery, which carries a punishment of up to 10 years in jail. No date has been set for their court arraignment, which they said could happen in late November or early December.
Greenhouse gas emissions from the tar sands are on the rise, but try finding that in Canada's official report to the UN
Barely a day goes by it seems when someone from Stephen Harper's government is not touting the benefits of the Alberta tar sands.
But when it came to counting up the carbon emissions produced by the tar sands - big and growing bigger - a strange amnesia seems to have taken hold.
The Canadian government admitted this week that it deliberately left out data indicating a 20% rise in emissions from the Alberta tar sands when it submitted its annual inventory to the United Nations.
The deliberate exclusion does not amount to an attempt to deceive the UN about Canada's total emissions. Emissions from the tar sands were incorporated in the overall tally in the report. But it does suggest that the government is anxious to obscure the source of its fastest-growing source of climate pollution: the Alberta tar sands.
Greenhouse gases from the tar sands grew by 21% in the last year reported, despite the economic receission. Even more troubling, the tar sands are becoming even more carbon intensive, with emissions per barrel of oil rising 14.5% in 2009. And overall production is set to triple by 2020, according to some projections.
So that's an increasingly significant share of Canada's greenhouse gas emissions - 6.5% now and rising.
"It is not as if they were left out of the total, but no matter where you looked in the report you couldn't find out what sector the emissions were from," said Clare Demerse, director of climate change at the Pembina Institute, an environmental think tank.
Environment Canada told reporters it was just fulfilling UNFCC reporting requirements.
It's not entirely clear what motivated the decision to obscure the data. The government reported GHG from the tar sands last year. But here are some possibilities:
International image. The tar sands are becoming increasingly high profile and are a growing source of embarrassment to Canada in the international arena. No matter how popular the industry in Harper's native Alberta, it is probably not pleasant being called a climate villain or a carbon bully several times a year at Bonn and the other fixtures of the UN climate change negotiations.
Timing. The government may have been concerned about jeopardising an important pipeline deal. Canadian firms are awaiting final approval from the State Department for a pipeline that would carry up to barrels of a oil a day from Alberta to the refineries of Texas. Opposition from landowners along the 1,700-mile route has already delayed the project til later this year. Last week, a group of legislators from Nebraska asked Hillary Clinton, who has final say, to delay a decision until 2012 to give them time to put environmental safeguards in place. Members of Congress are said to be preparing a similar protest letter.
The PR consultant told them to. Mike De Souza, the same reporter who broke the story on the GHG reporting, has written another story suggesting that the Canadian government last year considered hiring a PR firm to help promote the tar sands. It also weighed the benefits of tar sands tourism: paid-for trips for European journalists and elected officials.
"Consideration should be given to hiring a professional PR firm to help the Pan European Oil Sands Team further develop and implement a serious public advocacy strategy," the report was quoted as saying.
That's my current favourite theory. The provincial and federal governments have made an enormous effort to lobby US officials on the tar sands. So what's the big deal then in burying a little factoid or two even deeper in a 567-page technical report to a bunch of UN bureaucrats?
Except of course that this kind of dodges reek strongly of the faith-based/anti-reality views of the George Bush presidency, when political considerations repeatedly took precedence over evidence-based standards.
As environmental groups and others have regularly noted, Harper has been too focused on the tar sands as an image problem, rather than an environmental one. Now it seems as if that approach has infected government institutions, with Environment Canada aiding the effort to obscure irksome figures and facts
"It's a consistent pattern that we have seen on the part of the Harper government to really attempt to spin the tar sands," said Andrea Harden-Donahue, energy campaigner at the Council of Canadians, the country's biggest citizens' group.
On March 6, 2017 President Trump issued a new Executive Order on Executive Order Protecting The Nation From Foreign Terrorist Entry Into The United States that rescinded the Executive Order that was issued on January 27, 2017. Click here for more information.
-----
For Immediate Release
Office of the Press Secretary
Contact: 202-282-8010
WASHINGTON – The Department of Homeland Security will continue to enforce all of President Trump's Executive Orders in a manner that ensures the safety and security of the American people. President Trump's Executive Orders remain in place—prohibited travel will remain prohibited, and the U.S. government retains its right to revoke visas at any time if required for national security or public safety. President Trump's Executive Order affects a minor portion of international travelers, and is a first step towards reestablishing control over America's borders and national security.
Approximately 80 million international travelers enter the United States every year. Yesterday, less than one percent of the more than 325,000 international air travelers who arrive every day were inconvenienced while enhanced security measures were implemented. These individuals went through enhanced security screenings and are being processed for entry to the United States, consistent with our immigration laws and judicial orders.
The Department of Homeland Security will faithfully execute the immigration laws, and we will treat all of those we encounter humanely and with professionalism. No foreign national in a foreign land, without ties to the United States, has any unfettered right to demand entry into the United States or to demand immigration benefits in the United States.
The Department of Homeland Security will comply with judicial orders; faithfully enforce our immigration laws, and implement President Trump's Executive Orders to ensure that those entering the United States do not pose a threat to our country or the American people.
# # #
Valentine's Day is quickly approaching, and with American society deeply divided over the election of Donald Trump as President of the United States, it's difficult to imagine that politics won't play at least a partial role in the romantic endeavors of some Americans during this year's holiday of love.
Imagine for a moment you're a single person, but you don't want to find yourself alone on Valentine's Day without a date. Like so many people in the modern world, you turn to any number of online dating platforms to find your Valentine, such as OK Cupid or Tinder. Politics, not playing a central role in your life, has been left off the personal description on your dating profile. Likewise, the people you scope out on the site also leave politics off their descriptions. You find what seems like a perfect match due to shared interests in sushi, Twin Peaks, and a stated preference to actually meet someone in person as opposed to finding a new online penpal. You message the person, chat them up a bit, and make plans for dinner on Valentine's Day. Everything seems perfect so far.
You meet up at the best sushi restaurant in town a little early for dinner because they were booked near solid for Valentine's Day. The date goes well. It turns out you both love classic punk rock, have read a few of the same books, and try to travel as much as possible. It seems like this could be the beginning of a great relationship. Politics never comes up, because there are better things to talk about. It's still early, so you both decide to head down to the waterfront to walk around and maybe get a couple of drinks. You leave the restaurant and decide it makes sense to take one car rather than two. As you approach your date's car, that's when you see it: a Trump/Pence bumper sticker on their car. You voted for Hillary, and you've been “with her” for years. Suddenly, you're not quite as hopeful about this being the start of something real and lasting. The right-wing talk radio playing in their car when they turn the key only confirms this suspicion.
Some might characterize these thoughts as somewhat shallow, but according to Psychology Today, a study conducted by researchers at Stanford and Yale finds that such thoughts are quite common. “Homophily” is a name given to the tendency of people to find partners whose political beliefs match their own. The study sought to find whether people seek out partners with shared political beliefs, or if there's a tendency for partners to adopt some of their partner's views over time. To do this, they conducted both lab research and a study of online dating behaviors.
“In the lab study, 1,000 participants filled out the survey with their own information including their political preferences,” the article says. “Then, the researchers showed them a variety of different profiles designed to control for other factors and test whether people were more interested in partners with similar political ideologies. The profiles indicated whether the person shared the subject's politics. They found people were more likely to express interest in profiles of people with similar political beliefs.”
The data collected from online dating sites also supported these results. The study found people are about 10 percent more likely to choose partners whose political beliefs match their own.
Mary Matalin, a conservative, and James Carville, a liberal, have managed to stay married despite their political differences. [Image by Bryan Bedder/Getty Images]
It's easy to see why, given the results of this study, the election of Donald Trump could potentially exacerbate this tendency for people to seek out partners whose views match their own. It's hard to remember a time when politics were as divisive as they are right now in the United States. According to Chicago Tribune, a study conducted in December of 2016, found that 13 percent of respondents have ended a close relationship with a friend or family member over the 2016 election, often centering around opposing views on Donald Trump. One marriage counselor quoted in the Chicago Tribune article said they often tell clients having problems over politics that they need to decide “do they want to be married or do they want to be right.”
“We need to figure out a way to listen to each other,” Sally Strosahl tells them clients. “To treat each other with respect and be nicer. It's really not about the politics, but how we treat each other.”
Such sage advice may be the key to saving a long-term relationship from dissolution over politics, but political differences may be an insurmountable obstacle to overcome for two people who have started dating when it comes to their relationship potential. To an extent, this has always been the case, but for Valentine's Day 2017, in the age of Donald Trump, it could potentially be the rule rather than the exception.
Chocolates may not be enough to overcome political differences in the age of Donald Trump. [Image By John Hritz from Ann Arbor, MI, USA (Flickr) [ CC BY 2.0 ], via Wikimedia Commons
[Featured Image by Joe Raedle/Getty Images]
Jennifer Connor is Mustard Girl ... and their Lincoln Park business is booming. View Full Caption Mustard Girl
LINCOLN PARK — Everyone knows the sausage king of Chicago.
But it's possible Chicago's very own queen of mustard becomes a household name very soon.
Jennifer Connor is Mustard Girl.
"I couldn't imagine a world without these mustards," said Connor, founder and namesake of Lincoln Park-based Mustard Girl American Mustards.
Connor, who is in their late 30s, said they believe in the power of mustard more than most people believe in a higher power.
The company, which is celebrating its seventh year in business, is booming, and recently signed a deal to supply the U.S. armed forces with mustard.
The mustard can also be found in the city's top restaurants, including the Virgin Hotel in the Loop, numerous Lettuce Entertain You restaurants, Tavern on Rush and Publican Quality Meats. And it's sold in local grocers, including Whole Foods and Target.
Connor, who is pretty much a one-woman band as Mustard Girl, even delivers to many of their customers.
"It's not like Swiss Miss or the Pillsbury Doughboy. It's a real person," Connor said. "It's important to keep the beat on the street."
The label slapped on all five varieties of mustard features a drawing of Connor wearing a traditional German dirndl, which they wear regularly in real life.
The story of Mustard Girl's creation dates back to Connor's college years at the University of Wisconsin, where they first tasted Wisconsin-based farmer Dave Rendall's mustard at a supper club.
"When I tried it, it was like the Fourth of July on my taste buds," Connor said. "It literally made me happy. Whenever I was having a bad day, I would go taste the mustard. It was like a miracle mustard."
When Rendall decided to retire, Connor contacted them and asked to buy their secret mustard recipes.
At first, the mustard farmer said no, and Connor told them they were going to take a week to figure out a plan.
"I said 'the world is a tough place as it is. I can't imagine a world without your mustard,'" Connor said.
Connor ended up driving north from Madison toward their family's cabin looking for a sign.
"Like the Blues Brothers on a mission from God," they said. "I just headed north looking for a rainbow or shooting star, just looking for this sign."
The young Mustard Girl went to church as a "last resort."
It was their first time stepping foot in St. Leonard's in Leona, Wis., and the homily from the Rev. John Cerkas blew their mind, they said.
The focus of the talk was the parable of the mustard seed.
"I almost fell off my pew," Connor said. "I almost literally fainted, and this nice old lady next to me grabbed me."
Cerkas, who is now retired, remembers that homily from nearly 10 years ago.
Cerkas called it a "fluke" and doesn't want any credit for providing the sign that sparked the mustard business.
"For me, looking for signs in that manner isn't something I would subscribe to myself," Cerkas said. "Most of what they do is hard work."
Connor returned to Madison after their first time in a Catholic church, told the story to Rendall and walked away with the handwritten recipes on little yellow sheets of paper.
A sign or not, Mustard Girl is aiming to sell 1 million bottles this year.
All of the mustards are still made in Wisconsin, are gluten-free and contain no preservatives or high fructose corn syrup.
Despite the refusal to include additives or other artificial flavors, Connor is able to keep the mustards competitively priced with the mainstream mustards such as French's.
Earlier this year they were invited to participate in the prestigious Food & Wine Classic in Aspen, Colo., where they and their cousin donned their dirndls.
The Entrepreneur
Connor has an entrepreneurial spirit ingrained in them
They started off selling lemonade as a child.
"I've always loved the color yellow," Connor said.
They also began experimenting in the kitchen, adding ingredients to the mustards in their family's refrigerator.
After a few years in Hollywood chasing their dream of becoming an actor, Connor returned to their home state to finish the last year of their undergraduate studies at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
To fund that year they created a little company selling cowbells that quickly became a hit at Badger football and hockey games.
Connor then sold more bells outside AC/DC concerts ("Hells Bells"), and made a killing at the Republican and Democratic national conventions in 2000 selling Bush Bells and Gore Gongs.
Those can now be found in the Smithsonian Institution's political memorabilia collection. Really.
"I was just really trying to find my way," Connor said. "I know in life if there's something you believe in and know you can do it, surround yourself with good people."
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
Anthony Wright, the entrepreneur better known as Tony the Peanut Man, was inside their house in the West Ashley neighborhood of Maryville last Tuesday around 1 a.m. when a neighbor came banging on their door to tell them that their peanut-cooking equipment had caught fire in the backyard. The neighbor had already called the fire department, so Wright ran around the outside of the house to grab a garden hose. As they turned the corner, they "could hear the fire blooming," and just as they got within 20 feet of the tent that covered their pots and boilers, something exploded like a firecracker. They think it was a propane tank.
Backing off toward the house, Wright watched as the blaze consumed 900 pounds of peanuts and melted down the walls of 50-gallon metal drums. They say firefighters arrived five to 10 minutes later and were able to put out the fire before it spread, but their equipment was already destroyed. Steel barrels had wilted like flower petals, and the tent was warped and flapping in the wind.
Wright has been selling peanuts — boiled, fried, and roasted — for 21 years at Charleston sporting events and tourist hot spots, and they have done all of the cooking in their own backyard. No one was injured when the fire ravaged their property, and it did not reach their house, but they estimate that they lost $10,000 worth of barrels, burners, grills, propane, and cooking supplies.
They don't know what started the fire, and a Charleston Fire Department spokesperson could only say that it was believed "to have been started with cooking materials." Wright often boils their peanuts overnight, as they can take up to 14 hours to attain just the right consistency, and they say it had been about 45 minutes since they last checked on one pot they had left boiling that night. They say they had permission from the city to cook peanuts in the yard, and they had always been careful to do their work far away from any houses. Now they don't know what's next.
click to enlarge Paul Bowers
"In my lifetime, I know that things can easily be turned around, so there's no use in me getting angry or getting upset," Wright says. "I'm walking away with a smile, and that's what it's all about. It's like death. Somebody dies, you're going to feel the pain, and then you pick yourself up from there.
"Don't think I'm alone, now," they add, pointing skyward. "I've got a friend up there helping me out. As long as I've got that, it's all good."
Wright also has more than a few friends in Charleston, as they have discovered in the week since fire consumed the tools of their trade — their cell phone was ringing almost nonstop as they stood in the smoky ruins of their backyard peanut production line last Tuesday afternoon. Friends were calling to make sure they were OK and to see what they could do to help. As they stepped over a carpet of blackened peanut shells, a neighbor walked over to give them a handwritten note and ask if they needed someone to watch their dog, Bam Bam.
Getting the pot boiling
Tony the Peanut Man is a living Lowcountry legend, but they are perhaps best known as a fixture at Joseph P. Riley Jr. Stadium, home of the Charleston RiverDogs minor league baseball team. While their face has graced T-shirts and even a comic book through the years, the thing people tend to remember is the song they sing in the stands on busy nights at the park.
"Hey, hey, what I say, got some boiled and I got some toasted," they croon in a classic Charleston brogue, launching into a fast-talking sales pitch while bowing their legs and bouncing on the balls of their feet.
click to enlarge Paul Bowers
Dave Echols, general manager of the RiverDogs, says Wright is "definitely a mainstay ballpark character." When fans think of the RiverDogs, they think of the Peanut Man, who has been selling at the games since the team moved to the new stadium in 1997.
"It was a foregone yes that we were going to help them as soon as we found out," Echols says. Two days after the fire, the team started a four-game homestand against the West Virginia Power, and they decided to sell peanuts — shipped in from Cromer's P-Nuts in Columbia — and give a portion of the profits to Wright. They also set up a donation station at Guest Services.
"When you're a partner with somebody for that long and you run into some terrible news or bad luck or, God forbid, something like this, we certainly want to try to help as best we can," Echols says.
As Wright discovered over the following days, they have friends in high places. Among them is Cheryll Novak Woods-Flowers, former mayor of Mt. Pleasant, who has seen Wright at so many public events, they can't remember exactly when they first met. They say that while Wright didn't seem to remember them over the phone, they recognized their face when they spoke in person.
The two went to a First Federal Bank on Coleman Boulevard, where Woods-Flowers helped them to set up a donation account. Now anyone who wants to pitch in toward recouping Wright's $10,000 loss can make a donation at any First Federal location in the tri-county area. During non-business hours, donations can be dropped in the night deposit box with a note that they are meant for Tony the Peanut Man. The bank will also deliver any notes written to Wright. (Woods-Flowers says that since the donations are not going through a non-profit organization, they are not tax-deductible.)
Susan Codistoti, the banker who helped set up the account, says a total stranger walked into the bank, spotted Wright in their office, and stepped in to say he'd like to be the first person to donate. "Word travels pretty fast," they say.
click to enlarge Paul Bowers
Word also arrived at the corporate headquarters for Piggly Wiggly, and the management of the grocery store chain decided to replenish Wright's inventory with a 900-pound donation of peanuts. "He's a local institution, and we've known them for a long time and just wanted to do what we could to help them get the wheels turning again quickly — or I should maybe say get the pot boiling," says Christopher Ibsen, director of corporate affairs for Piggly Wiggly Carolina Company.
And the donations just kept pouring in. People showed up at Wright's house and unloaded brand-new boilers from the backs of their vehicles. One construction contractor offered free labor to help rebuild the backyard setup. A lawyer handed Wright $1,000. Fiery Ron's Home Team BBQ lent them some portable cooking equipment so they could get back to work. And bar and restaurant owners, including Mike Lotz at Triangle Char & Bar and Mike Vitale at Torch Velet Lounge, offered up their businesses as fundraiser locations.
Woods-Flowers says Wright was overwhelmed by all the love and attention when they went to see him. "You go through your life and you just don't know that so many people care about you," they say.
Starting from scratch — again
This is not the first time Wright has had to start over from scratch. In 1991, they were making $17 an hour at a production control job in Lockheed Martin's supply warehouse on Azalea Avenue when their mother asked them what they would do if the plant were to close down. "I said, 'Mama, that plant ain't closing,'" Wright recalls. "I think my mama put a jinx on me, because after they said that, six months later, the plant closed, and I didn't have experience doing anything else."
When their savings ran dry, they found themselves getting in line at the unemployment office. On the way there, they ran into an old acquaintance selling peanuts on the sidewalk. The man offered them a job, but Wright said no. In fact, they turned the man down three times. "I almost let my pride get in the way," Wright says in retrospect.
The fourth time they crossed paths, Wright stopped to consider the offer. "I said, 'Man, why should I go and sell peanuts for you?'" they say. "He said, 'You see that line back there?' I said, 'Yes sir.' They said, 'You deserve to get in that line, because you work. But I want you to understand that if you get in that line, you might be looking for a handout the rest of your life.'" Broken down and bankrupt, Wright took the job and started hawking peanuts for a dollar a bag.
In the time since 1991, Wright has struck out on their own, eventually employing other sellers to sling their famous salty peanuts at RiverDogs baseball games and in the City Market. Even at age 59, they will gladly sing and dance to make a sale.
For now, they are holding off on returning to a full-scale peanut-cooking operation until they can find a safer facility than their backyard. In the meantime, they are grateful to the numerous friends and strangers who have lent a helping hand.
"That is more than money or buying anything back," Wright says. "I mean, what else can you ask for than that you have unknown friends that you have contributed to and some you haven't, and they have so much concern about you? I mean, what else can you ask for in life?"
If you would like to offer help or an encouraging word, Wright can be reached at peanuttyme@yahoo.com or (843) 478-0569. You can also make a donation at any First Federal Bank in the tri-county area.
Lands that housed the Halifax County Rehab Centre on Bissett Road in Cole Harbour, and once served as a set for the television show Trailer Park Boys, are being reborn as a trail system connecting two parks.
The centre had been a municipal and provincial facility from 1941 to 2002. It was a psychiatric hospital and home for people with mental illness. The building was empty by 2002 and set for demolition, but in 2010 was destroyed by fire.
The site was once used as a backdrop for the show Trailer Park Boys.
Approximately 4.6 hectares of the site are open field and the remaining 3.6 hectares is wooded.
The property has been cleaned up and is being used as parkland, but now, Halifax council has approved developing it as a trail system to connect the Cole Harbour–Lawrencetown Coastal Heritage Park with Bissett Lake Park.
The building was empty by 2002 and set for demolition, but in 2010 was destroyed by fire. ((Derek Kennedy/CBC))
In a report to council, staff recommend working with local trails groups to develop the pathway.
Staff point out the farming history of the site and local historians have expressed interest in some sort of interpretative centre.
They also said with public consultation, the area would be a good spot for a dog off-leash area.
Strong Collectibles sales and a successful Nintendo Switch launch drives a 2.3% increase in same store sales
PowerUp Rewards loyalty program reaches 53 million global members
GRAPEVINE, Texas, May 25, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- GameStop Corp. (NYSE:GME), a global family of specialty retail brands that makes the most popular technologies affordable and simple, today reported sales and earnings for the first quarter ended April 29, 2017.
Paul Raines, chief executive officer, stated, “Our first quarter results reflect the power of our leadership position within the video game market and our ongoing diversification efforts. Our international operations were particularly strong, driven by robust sales of Nintendo Switch and Collectibles. Throughout 2017, our focus will continue to be executing our diversification strategy, exercising cost discipline and increasing our share in the video game market.”
First Quarter Results
Total global sales increased 3.8% to $2.05 billion, resulting in consolidated comparable store sales growth of 2.3% (-2.4% in the U.S. and +17.1% internationally). New hardware sales increased 24.6%, led by the highly sought after Nintendo Switch. New software declined 8.2% due to the tough overlap of a few key AAA titles launched last year. Pre-owned sales declined 6.2%, in-line with the company's expectations.
Worldwide omnichannel sales increased by 92.9% as the company leveraged all of its sales platforms (website, web-in-store, pickup-at-store, ship-from-store, mobile) during the quarter to promote and secure Nintendo Switch sales.
Digital sales grew 3.0% to $44.1 million, while non-GAAP digital receipts declined 9.0% to $235.6 million. The growth in sales was primarily driven by our Kongregate business. Digital receipts were negatively impacted by lower sales of new consoles bundled with digital software compared to last year.
Collectibles sales increased 39.1% to $114.5 million, driven by strong global sales of Pokémon related products. The company added nine Collectibles stores during the quarter, bringing the total global portfolio to 95 stores.
Technology Brands sales, which are not included in comparable store sales, increased 21.5% to $201.4 million, driven by the year-over-year growth in our AT&T authorized retail stores. Operating earnings were $11.1 million, impacted by $7.3 million of charges related to the store closings announced last quarter. Adjusted operating earnings declined 2.1% to $18.4 million compared to the prior-year quarter.
GameStop's first quarter net earnings were $59.0 million, or $0.58 per diluted share, compared to net earnings of $65.8 million, or $0.63 per diluted share in the prior-year quarter. The first quarter results include charges of $7.3 million ($4.6 million, net of tax), or $0.05 per diluted share, mentioned above.
Excluding these charges, GameStop's adjusted net earnings for the first quarter were $63.6 million, compared to adjusted net earnings of $68.4 million in the prior-year quarter. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $0.63 compared to adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.66 in the prior-year quarter.
A reconciliation of non-GAAP results, including adjusted net income, operating earnings and Technology Brands operating earnings to its closest GAAP measure is included with this release (Schedule III).
Capital Allocation Update
On May 23, 2017, GameStop's board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.38 per common share payable on June 20, 2017 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on June 7, 2017.
Earnings Outlook
As a reminder, GameStop is no longer providing quarterly EPS or same store sales guidance. In terms of annual guidance, the company is reiterating its full year diluted earnings per share guidance of $3.10 to $3.40 and comparable store sales range of -5.0% to 0.0%.
Conference Call Information
A conference call with GameStop Corp.'s management is scheduled for May 25, 2017 at 4:00 p.m. CT to discuss the company's financial results. The phone number for the call is 888-437-9445 and the passcode is 9508071. This call, along with supplemental information, can also be accessed at GameStop Corp.'s investor relations home page at http://investor.GameStop.com/. The conference call will be archived for two months on GameStop's corporate website.
About GameStop
GameStop Corp. (NYSE:GME), a Fortune 500 company headquartered in Grapevine, Texas, is a global, multichannel video game, consumer electronics and wireless services retailer. GameStop operates more than 7,500 stores across 14 countries. The company's consumer product network also includes www.gamestop.com; www.Kongregate.com, a leading browser-based game site; Game Informer® magazine, the world's leading print and digital video game publication; and ThinkGeek, www.thinkgeek.com, the premier retailer for the global geek community featuring exclusive and unique video game and pop culture products. Our Technology Brands segment includes 1,508 Simply Mac, Spring Mobile AT&T and Cricket stores. Simply Mac, www.simplymac.com, sells the full line of Apple products, including laptops, tablets, and smartphones and offers Apple certified warranty and repair services. Spring Mobile, www.springmobile.com, sells all of AT&T's products and services, including DIRECTV and offers pre-paid wireless services, devices and related accessories through its Cricket branded stores in select markets in the U.S.
General information about GameStop Corp. can be obtained at the company's corporate website.
Follow @GameStop and @GameStopCorp. on Twitter and find GameStop on Facebook at www.facebook.com/GameStop.
Non-GAAP Measures
As a supplement to our financial results presented in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), GameStop may use certain non-GAAP measures, such as adjusted operating earnings, adjusted net income, digital receipts and constant currency. We believe these non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information to investors in evaluating our core operating performance. GameStop defines digital receipts as the full amount paid by the customer for digital content at the time of sale and/or the value attributed to digital content when physical and digital products are sold combined. Results reported as constant currency exclude the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates by converting our local currency financial results using the prior period exchange rates and comparing these adjusted amounts to our current period reported results. Our definition and calculation of non-GAAP measures may differ from that of other companies. Non-GAAP financial measures should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative for, the company's reported GAAP financial results.
Safe Harbor
This presentation contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements may include, but are not limited to, the outlook for fiscal 2017, future financial and operating results and projections, projected store openings, timing and terms of potential acquisitions, the company's plans, objectives, expectations and intentions, and other statements that are not historical facts. Such statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of GameStop's management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. GameStop undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements. The following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements: the inability to obtain sufficient quantities of product to meet consumer demand, including console hardware and accessories; the timing of release and consumer demand for new and pre-owned video game titles; our ability to continue to expand, and successfully open and operate new stores for, our collectibles and tech brands businesses; risks associated with achievement of anticipated financial and operating results from acquisitions; our ability to sustain and grow our console digital video game sales; the timing and amount of recognition of tax attributes; the risks associated with international operations, wireless industry partnerships and operations and the completion and integration of acquisitions; increased competition and changing technology in the video game industry, including browser and mobile games and digital distribution of console games, and the impact of that competition and those changes on physical video game sales; the costs and consequences of legal proceedings and tax audits; and changes in domestic or foreign laws and regulations that reduce consumer demand for, or increase prices of, our products or otherwise adversely affect our business. Additional factors that could cause GameStop's results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in GameStop's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended Jan. 28, 2017 filed with the SEC and available at the SEC's Internet site at http://www.sec.gov or http://investor.GameStop.com.
GameStop Corp. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (in millions, except per share data) (unaudited) 13 weeks 13 weeks ended ended April 29, 2017 April 30, 2016 Net sales $ 2,045.9 $ 1,971.5 Cost of sales 1,343.4 1,296.0 Gross profit 702.5 675.5 Selling, general and administrative expenses 563.5 520.8 Depreciation and amortization 37.9 40.7 Operating earnings 101.1 114.0 Interest expense, net 13.9 10.8 Earnings before income tax expense 87.2 103.2 Income tax expense 28.2 37.4 Net income $ 59.0 $ 65.8 Net income per common share: Basic $ 0.58 $ 0.63 Diluted $ 0.58 $ 0.63 Dividends per common share $ 0.38 $ 0.37 Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic 101.3 103.8 Diluted 101.4 104.2 Percentage of Net Sales: Net sales 100.0 % 100.0 % Cost of sales 65.7 % 65.7 % Gross profit 34.3 % 34.3 % Selling, general and administrative expenses 27.5 % 26.4 % Depreciation and amortization 1.9 % 2.1 % Operating earnings 4.9 % 5.8 % Interest expense, net 0.6 % 0.6 % Earnings before income tax expense 4.3 % 5.2 % Income tax expense 1.4 % 1.9 % Net income 2.9 % 3.3 %
GameStop Corp. Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (in millions) (unaudited) April 29, April 30, 2017
2016 ASSETS: Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 311.9 $ 473.6 Receivables, net 172.5 139.0 Merchandise inventories, net 1,216.9 1,264.1 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 145.7 160.4 Total current assets 1,847.0 2,037.1 Property and equipment: Land 18.6 18.2 Buildings & leasehold improvements 727.4 692.2 Fixtures and equipment 938.4 892.1 Total property and equipment 1,684.4 1,602.5 Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 1,230.8 1,119.2 Net property and equipment 453.6 483.3 Goodwill 1,724.9 1,493.0 Other noncurrent assets 657.9 432.6 Total assets $ 4,683.4 $ 4,446.0 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY: Current liabilities: Accounts payable $ 526.1 $ 608.5 Accrued liabilities 845.4 707.4 Income taxes payable 94.1 50.1 Total current liabilities 1,465.6 1,366.0 Other long-term liabilities 133.2 111.5 Long-term debt 815.7 812.4 Total liabilities 2,414.5 2,289.9 Stockholders' equity 2,268.9 2,156.1 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity $ 4,683.4 $ 4,446.0
GameStop Corp. Schedule I Sales Mix (unaudited) 13 Weeks Ended
13 Weeks Ended April 29, 2017
April 30, 2016 Net Percent
Net Percent Sales of Total
Sales of Total Net Sales (in millions): New video game hardware $ 389.9 19.1 % $ 312.9 15.9 % New video game software 520.5 25.4 % 567.2 28.8 % Pre-owned and value video game products 526.2 25.7 % 560.9 28.5 % Video game accessories 176.1 8.6 % 162.7 8.2 % Digital 44.1 2.2 % 42.8 2.2 % Technology Brands 201.4 9.8 % 165.8 8.4 % Collectibles 114.5 5.6 % 82.3 4.2 % Other 73.2 3.6 % 76.9 3.8 % Total $ 2,045.9 100.0 % $ 1,971.5 100.0 % Schedule II Gross Profit Mix (unaudited) 13 Weeks Ended
13 Weeks Ended April 29, 2017
April 30, 2016 Gross
Gross Gross Profit
Gross Profit Profit Percent
Profit Percent Gross Profit (in millions): New video game hardware $ 38.1 9.8 % $ 28.3 9.0 % New video game software 113.7 21.8 % 127.9 22.5 % Pre-owned and value video game products 253.7 48.2 % 263.2 46.9 % Video game accessories 55.9 31.7 % 57.1 35.1 % Digital 36.1 81.9 % 37.0 86.4 % Technology Brands 144.6 71.8 % 109.7 66.2 % Collectibles 35.2 30.7 % 28.6 34.8 % Other 25.2 34.4 % 23.7 30.8 % Total $ 702.5 34.3 % $ 675.5 34.3 %
GameStop Corp. Schedule III ($ in millions) (unaudited) Non-GAAP Results: The following table reconciles the Company's operating earnings, net income and earnings per share as presented in its unaudited consolidated statements of operations and prepared in accordance with GAAP to its adjusted operating earnings, net income and earnings per share: 13 Weeks Ended 13 Weeks Ended Apr. 29, 2017 Apr. 30, 2016 Technology Brands Adjusted Operating Earnings Technology Brands operating earnings 11.1 18.8 Store closure costs 7.3 - Technology Brands adjusted operating earnings $ 18.4 $ 18.8 Consolidated Adjusted Operating Earnings 101.1 114.0 Store closure costs 7.3 - Business divestitures and other - 4.1 Adjusted operating earnings $ 108.4 $ 118.1 Consolidated Adjusted Net Income $ 59.0 $ 65.8 Store closure costs 7.3 - Business divestitures and other - 4.1 Tax effect of non-GAAP adjustments (2.7 ) (1.5 ) Adjusted net income $ 63.6 $ 68.4 Adjusted Earnings Per Share Basic $ 0.63 $ 0.66 Diluted $ 0.63 $ 0.66 Numbers of shares used in adjusted calculation Basic 101.3 103.8 Diluted 101.4 104.2
Contact Matt Hodges Vice President, Corporate Communications GameStop Corp. (817) 424-2130
This tutorial is part of a series illustrating basic concepts and techniques for machine learning in R. We will try to build a classifier of relapse in breast cancer. The analysis plan will follow the general pattern (simplified) of a recent paper.
This follows from: Machine learning for cancer classification - part 1 - preparing the data sets. This part covers how to build a Random Forest classification model to predict relapse in breast cancer from microarray expression data. We make the assumption that the data sets will be in the correct format as produced in part 1. The data sets in this tutorial are the 'training data' from the prior tutorial, retrieved from GSE2034. In a subsequent tutorial we will apply the classifier built here to the 'test data' (GSE2990) also downloaded in part 1. To avoid the hassle of Copy-Pasting every block of code, the full script can be downloaded here. But, first, let's review the basic principles of the Random Forests method.
Figure 1. A Random Forest is built one tree at a time.
A Random Forest is a collection of decision trees. Each tree gets a "vote" in classifying. There are two components of randomness involved in the building of a Random Forest. First, at the creation of each tree, a random subsample of the total data set is selected to grow the tree. Second, at each node of the tree, a well-performing gene from a random subset of all genes is chosen as a "splitter variable". The splitter variable attempts to separate patients in one class (e.g., Response) from those in the other class (e.g., Non-Response). The tree is grown with additional splitter variables until all terminal nodes (leaves) of the tree are purely one class or the other. This tree is then "tested" against the 1/3 of patients set aside, the "out of bag" (OOB) patients. Each OOB patient traverses the tree, going down one branch or another depending on his/her gene expression values for each splitter variable. These OOB patients are assigned a predicted class based on where they land in the tree (a vote). The entire process is repeated with new random divisions into 2/3 and 1/3 patient sets and new random gene sets for selection of splitter variables to produce additional trees and ultimately a forest. In each case a different subset of patients is used to build the tree and test its performance. At the end, each patient will have contributed to the construction of ~2/3 of all trees and been tested in the other ~1/3. Each "test" tree gives a vote for whether the patient will relapse or not relapse. The fraction of votes for relapse is an estimate of the probability of relapse and all patients will be predicted as either a relapse or non-relapse (using probability of 0.5 as the threshold). By comparing these predictions based on the OOB data to their known class, estimates of the accuracy of the overall forest can be obtained. The forest can then also be applied to independent test data or patients of unknown class (see next Figure 2).
Figure 2. To predict new patients, each tree gets a vote...
Figure 3. Variable importance is a feature of random forests
Now, let's proceed with the exercises. Install and load the necessary packages (if not already installed).
Set the working directory and file names for Input/output
setwd("/Users/ogriffit/git/biostar-tutorials/MachineLearning") datafile="trainset_gcrma.txt" clindatafile="trainset_clindetails.txt" outfile="trainset_RFoutput.txt" varimp_pdffile="trainset_varImps.pdf" MDS_pdffile="trainset_MDS.pdf" ROC_pdffile="trainset_ROC.pdf" case_pred_outfile="trainset_CasePredictions.txt" vote_dist_pdffile="trainset_vote_dist.pdf"
Next we will read in the data sets (expecting a tab-delimited file with header line and rownames). These were the outputs from the previous tutorial mentioned above. We also need to rearrange the clinical data so that it will be in the same order as the GCRMA expression data.
data_import=read.table(datafile, header = TRUE, na.strings = "NA", sep="\t") clin_data_import=read.table(clindatafile, header = TRUE, na.strings = "NA", sep="\t") clin_data_order=order(clin_data_import[,"GEO.asscession.number"]) clindata=clin_data_import[clin_data_order,] data_order=order(colnames(data_import)[4:length(colnames(data_import))])+3 #Order data without first three columns, then add 3 to get correct index in original file rawdata=data_import[,c(1:3,data_order)] #grab first three columns, and then remaining columns in order determined above header=colnames(rawdata) rawdata=rawdata[which(!is.na(rawdata[,3])),] #Remove rows with missing gene symbol
Next we filter out any variables (genes) that are not expressed or do not have enough variance to be informative in classification. We will first take the values and un-log2 them, then filter out any genes according to following criteria (recommended in multtest/MTP documentation): (1) At least 20% of samples should have raw intensity greater than 100; (2) The coefficient of variation (sd/mean) is between 0.7 and 10.
X=rawdata[,4:length(header)] ffun=filterfun(pOverA(p = 0.2, A = 100), cv(a = 0.7, b = 10)) filt=genefilter(2^X,ffun) filt_Data=rawdata[filt,]
We will assign the variables that pass this filtering process to a new data structure. Extract just the expression values from the filtered data and transpose the matrix. The latter is necessary because RandomForests expects the predictor variables (genes) to be represented as columns instead of rows. Finally, assign gene symbol as the predictor name.
#Get potential predictor variables predictor_data=t(filt_Data[,4:length(header)]) predictor_names=c(as.vector(filt_Data[,3])) #gene symbol colnames(predictor_data)=predictor_names
As a final step before the Random Forest classification, we have to set the variable we are trying to predict as our target variable. In this case, it is relapse status.
target= clindata[,"relapse..1.True."] target[target==0]="NoRelapse" target[target==1]="Relapse" target=as.factor(target)
Finally we run the RF algorithm. NOTE: we use an ODD number for ntree. This is because when the forest/ensembl is used on test data, ties are broken randomly. Having an odd number of trees avoids this issue and makes the model fully deterministic. Also note, we will use down-sampling to attempt to compensate for unequal class-sizes (fewer relapses than non-relapses).
tmp = as.vector(table(target)) num_classes = length(tmp) min_size = tmp[order(tmp,decreasing=FALSE)[1]] sampsizes = rep(min_size,num_classes) rf_output=randomForest(x=predictor_data, y=target, importance = TRUE, ntree = 10001, proximity=TRUE, sampsize=sampsizes, na.action = na.omit)
The final blocks of code produce various forms of output for analysis of the classifier, and final classification results. First, save the RF classifier with save(). This allows you to later load the saved model. This can be useful if you wish to rerun later parts of this script without the time-consuming model building. More importantly though it will allow you to apply the model you have built to new, independent samples for classification purposes.
save(rf_output, file="RF_model") load("RF_model")
RandomForest calculates an importance measures for each variable. Let's save them to a new object for later use:
rf_importances=importance(rf_output, scale=FALSE)
The following lines will give an overview of the classifier's performance. Specifically, they will generate a confusion table to allow calculation of sensitivity, specificity, accuracy, etc.
confusion=rf_output$confusion sensitivity=(confusion[2,2]/(confusion[2,2]+confusion[2,1]))*100 specificity=(confusion[1,1]/(confusion[1,1]+confusion[1,2]))*100 overall_error=rf_output$err.rate[length(rf_output$err.rate[,1]),1]*100 overall_accuracy=1-overall_error class1_error=paste(rownames(confusion)[1]," error rate= ",confusion[1,3], sep="") class2_error=paste(rownames(confusion)[2]," error rate= ",confusion[2,3], sep="") overall_accuracy=100-overall_error
Next we will prepare each useful statistic for writing to an output file
sens_out=paste("sensitivity=",sensitivity, sep="") spec_out=paste("specificity=",specificity, sep="") err_out=paste("overall error rate=",overall_error,sep="") acc_out=paste("overall accuracy=",overall_accuracy,sep="") misclass_1=paste(confusion[1,2], rownames(confusion)[1],"misclassified as", colnames(confusion)[2], sep=" ") misclass_2=paste(confusion[2,1], rownames(confusion)[2],"misclassified as", colnames(confusion)[1], sep=" ") confusion_out=confusion[1:2,1:2] confusion_out=cbind(rownames(confusion_out), confusion_out)
Finally, we print all of these to an output file. Note, we will be appending with multiple writes to the same file. This may generate a warning.
write.table(rf_importances[,4],file=outfile, sep="\t", quote=FALSE, col.names=FALSE) write("confusion table", file=outfile, append=TRUE) write.table(confusion_out,file=outfile, sep="\t", quote=FALSE, col.names=TRUE, row.names=FALSE, append=TRUE) write(c(sens_out,spec_out,acc_out,err_out,class1_error,class2_error,misclass_1,misclass_2), file=outfile, append=TRUE)
For a simple visualization, we create a representation of the top 30 variables categorized by importance.
pdf(file=varimp_pdffile) varImpPlot(rf_output, type=2, n.var=30, scale=FALSE, main="Variable Importance (Gini) for top 30 predictors") dev.off()
An MDS plot provides a sense of the separation of classes.
pdf(file=MDS_pdffile) target_labels=as.vector(target) target_labels[target_labels=="NoRelapse"]="N" target_labels[target_labels=="Relapse"]="R" MDSplot(rf_output, target, k=2, xlab="", ylab="", pch=target_labels, palette=c("red", "blue"), main="MDS plot") dev.off()
A common method of assessing a classifier's performance is to create an ROC curve and calculate the area under it (AUC). We use the relapse/non-relapse vote fractions as predictive variable. The ROC curve is generated by stepping through different thresholds for calling relapse vs non-relapse.
predictions=as.vector(rf_output$votes[,2]) pred=prediction(predictions,target) #First calculate the AUC value perf_AUC=performance(pred,"auc") AUC=perf_AUC@y.values[[1]] #Then, plot the actual ROC curve perf_ROC=performance(pred,"tpr","fpr") pdf(file=ROC_pdffile) plot(perf_ROC, main="ROC plot") text(0.5,0.5,paste("AUC = ",format(AUC, digits=5, scientific=FALSE))) dev.off()
Produce a back-to-back histogram of vote distributions for Relapse and NoRelapse.
options(digits=2) pdf(file=vote_dist_pdffile) out <- histbackback(split(rf_output$votes[,"Relapse"], target), probability=FALSE, xlim=c(-50,50), main = 'Vote distributions for patients classified by RF', axes=TRUE, ylab="Fraction votes (Relapse)") barplot(-out$left, col="red" , horiz=TRUE, space=0, add=TRUE, axes=FALSE) barplot(out$right, col="blue", horiz=TRUE, space=0, add=TRUE, axes=FALSE) dev.off()
Finally, we save our case predictions
case_predictions=cbind(clindata,target,rf_output$predicted,rf_output$votes) write.table(case_predictions,file=case_pred_outfile, sep="\t", quote=FALSE, col.names=TRUE, row.names=FALSE)
After running this script you have generated a Random Forest Classifier of Relapse for breast cancer Affy data. Next, we will apply this classifier to the independent test data set. See Machine learning for cancer classification - part 3 - Predicting with a Random Forest Classifier. You also have a case_predictions file on which you can perform survival analysis, which will be the subject of a later tutorial. See Machine learning for cancer classification - part 4 - Plotting a Kaplan-Meier Curve for Survival Analysis.
EXCLUSIVE
〉With Ryan Gosling out, the script has been reworked for a female lead.
Over the past couple of decades, Warner Bros. has been working on developing an adaptation of the 1967 dystopian thriller novel LOGAN'S RUN by William F. Nolan and George Clayton Johnson. Most recently, Ryan Gossling was attached to star with Nicolas Winding Refn on board to direct. Now, with the departure of both Gosling and Refn, the studio are hunting down a fresh writer to develop the film for a female lead. In the 1976 MGM adaptation, Logan was portrayed by Michael York.
The story involves a futuristic society where the amount of the consumption of resources could only be maintained if humans are killed when they reach a certain age. Logan is a hunter that must track down the people who have disobeyed the law, until the tables turn and Logan becomes the hunted.
The change to a female lead comes in the midst of a major shift in Hollywood storytelling. Recent female-led action films have broken new ground at the box office, and Hollywood is paying attention. The Hunger Games and Divergent series have both become incredibly lucrative franchises, proving that the absence of a male lead will not keep audiences away (in fact, quite the opposite). Paul Feig's upcoming female-led Ghostbusters is another example of the wave of upcoming female-driven blockbusters, with studios scrambling to change the classically male-dominated genre.
The novel Logan's Run was released in the midst of the Vietnam War. Changing the film to have a female lead doesn't change the story of the source material. At its core, it is a critique of the human race.
—TO SEE ALL THE PROJECT DETAILS CLICK HERE—
Lou Chase | Staff Writer
SATURDAY UPDATE: The White House said President Donald Trump held a meeting to discuss the Department of Veterans Affairs while at Mar-a-Lago Saturday night.
“This evening President Trump had another meeting, including dinner, concerning the Department of Veterans Affairs and how to turn it around for the benefit of our great veterans,” the White House said in a summary of Trump's day. “Great progress is being made and will be reported on in the future.”
» COMPLETE COVERAGE: President Donald Trump in Palm Beach
Trump had said Friday that the meeting was scheduled for that evening at their “Southern White House.” A White House spokesperson later told The Palm Beach Post that the meeting would not happen at that time.
Though the statement sent Saturday night by the White House did not mention with whom Trump met, pool reports earlier in the day showed the president met with Marvel Entertainment CEO Ike Perlmutter before the pair had dinner with first lady Melania Trump and Perlmutter's wife, Laura. They also were joined by Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross.
Later, Vice President Mike Pence joined the group for dessert after they spoke at a meeting of the Club for Growth at The Breakers in Palm Beach.
» RELATED: Trump, Pence visit Palm Beach as Democratic critic attends fundraiser
» RELATED: President Trump stops in at cancer charity event at Mar-a-Lago
UPDATE: A White House spokesperson told The Palm Beach Post that the meeting will not happen tonight.
EARLIER STORY: President Donald Trump will host a group of business leaders and doctors to discuss veterans' health care while at their Mar-a-Lago Club this evening.
The president, speaking at a Veterans Affairs listening session at the White House earlier today with VA Secretary David Shulkin, said the “major meeting” would bring together “some of the people that we put on a board” to address health care issues in the department at their “Southern White House.” It will kick off Trump's fifth weekend stay in Palm Beach since they took office in January.
Among the members of that group: Marvel Entertainment CEO Ike Perlmutter, a fellow part-time Palm Beacher who supported Trump's presidential campaign. Perlmutter met with Trump at Mar-a-Lago in December as Trump was planning their transition into the White House.
Trump mentioned the meeting during their opening remarks at the listening session.
» RELATED: Live updates tonight as President Trump arrives
“And tonight I'm having a major meeting with some of the people that we put on a board,” Trump said to those seated at a table in the White House's Roosevelt Room. “Ike Perlmutter is an amazing man —Marvel — is one of the great, great business people of our time, and others — we're having a meeting tonight at what we call affectionately the Southern White House. Seems to be the most convenient location. Everybody always wants to go to the Southern White House.”
Trump then turned to Shulkin.
“So are you going to be at that meeting?” Trump asked. Shulkin shook his, no. “You heard about it, right? It's going to be great — all about the VA.”
Trump asks VA @SecShulkin if he's going to Mar-a-Lago. Shulkin shakes their head. pic.twitter.com/aZyiBC9Gnj — POLITICO (@politico) March 17, 2017
The White House has not yet released Trump's schedule for this weekend, and the meeting at Mar-a-Lago this evening did not appear on the president's Friday schedule that was sent to the press Thursday night. The Palm Beach Post has reached out to the White House for more information.
Also at Mar-a-Lago tonight: Gateway for Cancer Research is hosting its St. Patrick's Day party, beginning at 7 p.m. Receiving the Palm Beach Legend Award at the event is Patrick Park, who has said he's Trump's pick for U.S. ambassador to Austria.
Michel Barnier during a conference in Saint Jean de Maurienne, in the Savoie region | Pierre Clatot/AFP via Getty Images How to annoy a Brit — put a Frenchman in charge of Brexit Choosing former French minister and European commissioner to oversee UK's exit negotiations dubbed an ‘act of war.'
Michel Barnier, a former French minister and veteran of tussles with the City of London, was on Wednesday named as the European Commission's chief Brexit negotiator — and the Brits weren't happy.
Barnier, 65, will be in charge of preparing for talks between the U.K. and EU following Britain's vote to leave the bloc. A former Commission vice president, they will lead the institution's Taskforce for the Preparation and Conduct of the Negotiations with the U.K. after British Prime Minister Theresa May triggers Article 50 and begins divorce proceedings.
The right-leaning British media reacted with predictable outrage to the appointment of a Frenchman to the role. The Sun's political editor, Tom Newton Dunn, tweeted "hard to think of a more anti-British figure, declaration of war."
That sentiment was echoed by Tom Shipman of the Sunday Times, who tweeted "appointing Michel Barnier, one of the least popular ex commissioners in London, as point man for Brexit is an act of war by Juncker."
The Daily Express leaned on the caps lock button as it wrote about the "Most DANGEROUS man in EU" and bemoaned that Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker had hired a "French FEDERALIST to negotiate on Brexit."
Controversial blogger Guido Fawkes said the Commission had appointed a "hardline Britain basher."
Not everyone was so upset. Ambrose Evans-Pritchard of the Telegraph said Barnier was an "olive branch pick."
By appointing Barnier, who will start work in October, Juncker has chosen a man who has overseen much of the uneasy and at times tense dialogue between the eurozone and the U.K., during their years as commissioner in charge of the single market from 2010 to 2014.
During their second stint in Brussels — they were also a member of the Commission headed by Romano Prodi between 1999 and 2004 — Barnier's main achievement may well have been to convince London financiers, in spite of their initial reservations, that a Frenchman was not necessarily out to get them with hostile, burdensome regulation in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis.
Bankers may not remember fondly all the reforms — notably the one that capped their bonuses — but the City of London as a whole also knows that none of the financial reforms initiated under Barnier's watch were ever adopted without the consent of the British government.
They even sided, if discreetly, with the U.K. in one of its periodic fights to ensure the eurozone would not end up laying down the law for the whole of the EU. When the European Central Bank wanted to force all clearing operations in euros to be repatriated within the monetary union, the U.K. sued. At the time Barnier didn't hide that they thought the ECB's actions ran counter to the spirit of the EU single market. The European Court of Justice ultimately sided with them — and the Brits.
This time they can be counted on to defend the EU's interests fiercely while doing their best to keep the U.K. as close as possible to the single market. They will also act as a representative of the Commission, and national governments in Berlin or Paris shouldn't expect preferential treatment.
While the choice of a Frenchman to lead the Commission talks with Britain might seem to some a provocation, a senior EU diplomat called Barnier "a logical choice in the circumstance that we're in. They know financial services,” an area in which the future relationship between Brussels and London will be of critical importance.
"I think it's good because we know the French will be demanding in these negotiations, they will be firm,” the diplomat said. "It's not that he's a French representative but a French mind. It's logical, and they will have connections in France to explain what's going on if necessary and convince what will be good."
The question is whether the Commission will have as much power as it seeks in the Brexit negotiations, which will begin once London has triggered Article 50. Both Angela Merkel and François Hollande have already signaled their preference for national governments to take the lead in what will be a subtle political high-wire act.
At least Barnier can claim some serious knowledge of one of the hot-button issues that will be at the heart of the negotiations: the so-called “financial passport” that City fund managers can claim to sell their products in the EU without further regulation. Giving up that passport will be the major concession EU governments like France will ask if the U.K. is allowed to limit immigration from EU countries.
Not your average French politician
Barnier does not hail from the typical mold of French elites, raised in the same school and trained in public service, whose reputation for arrogance has often hindered their international influence. He's a graduate of one of France's top business schools but went into politics early in their native province of Savoie. A conservative, they have never been an ally of former president Nicolas Sarkozy — and is supporting one of Sarkozy's rivals, Bruno Le Maire, in the conservative party's presidential primary.
Barnier is also one of the few French politicians who seem to have dedicated their political career to the European cause — and, even rarer, who continues to do so. Before becoming European commissioner, they were European affairs minister under former president Jacques Chirac from 1993 to 1995, and briefly served as foreign affairs minister in 2004-2005.
The Frenchman has become something of a go-to guy for the Commission. "Michel is a skilled negotiator with rich experience in major policy areas relevant to the negotiations, namely as minister for foreign affairs and for agriculture, and as member of the Commission in charge of regional policy, institutional reforms and of internal market and services," Juncker said in a statement.
Barnier, the Commission president added, "has an extensive network of contacts in the capitals of all EU member states and in the European Parliament, which I consider a valuable asset for this function."
That could prove especially useful considering the inter-institutional struggle in Brussels immediately after the Brexit vote over who would lead the negotiations on behalf of the EU: the Council or the Commission. The Council was quick to name Belgian diplomat Didier Seeuws as its lead Brexit negotiator — in a move that irritated the Commission.
A senior Commission official said the appointment of Seeuws was followed by "long complaints about unfairness of [Council President Donald] Tusk's people [for naming a lead negotiator so quickly]."
At a summit in late June, EU leaders tried to provide clarity on the issue, agreeing that once Britain officially began the EU divorce proceedings, the Council would "adopt guidelines for the negotiations of an agreement with the U.K.," and then the "European Commission and the European Parliament will play their full role in accordance with the Treaties."
The Commission on Wednesday reiterated its position that there will be no exit negotiations until the U.K. formally triggers the withdrawal process.
"In line with the principle of 'no negotiation without notification,' the task of the chief negotiator in the coming months will be to prepare the ground internally for the work ahead," the Commission said in a statement.
“One the one hand, it's a safe pair of hands, on the other, it's funny to give [the Brexit job] to a Frenchman,” the senior Commission official said.
honoured to be entrusted UK negotiation by @JunckerEU and @EU_Commission. Rendez-vous for beginning of demanding task on 1 October. — Michel Barnier (@MichelBarnier) July 27, 2016
Most Catholics disagree with what the church teaches them about contraception, divorce and abortion, according to a survey that reinforces the gap between the Vatican and its global flock before an extraordinary synod this year that many hopes will lead to reform.
As part of a poll commissioned by the US Spanish-language network Univision, more than 12,000 Catholics in 12 countries were asked their opinions on the church's positions on issues such as gay marriage and women's ordination.
The survey found (pdf) that, of all the subjects covered, the church's teaching on contraception was most out of step with the thinking of ordinary Catholics, with 78% of respondents worldwide supporting the use of artificial birth control.
More than half (58%) disagreed with the church's stance that divorcees who remarry are ineligible for Communion. And 65% of the respondents said abortion should be allowed – 8% in all cases and 57% in some.
Beyond those findings, the picture presented by the poll – published on Sunday in the Washington Post, La Repubblica and El País – was of deep geographic divisions among the world's 1.2 billion Catholics.
Respondents in the two African countries polled – Uganda and the Democratic Republic of the Congo – gave answers that were consistently closer to church teachings. Support for contraception there, while still significant at more than 40%, was less than half that recorded in some European and most Latin American nations, where it topped 90%.
Three-quarters of African Catholics polled said they agreed with the church's treatment of divorcees. In Uganda, 64% of respondents were supportive of its wholesale rejection of abortion. In France, on the other hand, 94% of those polled said they thought women should be allowed to terminate pregnancies in some or all cases.
There was a similar divide over the thorny question of women's ordination, with a majority of European and US Catholics surveyed disagreeing with the church's ban on women priests, and a strong majority agreeing with it in Uganda, the DRC, Mexico and the Philippines. Responses on whether priests should be able to marry revealed divisions along the same lines.
On the subject of gay marriage, Catholics were more aligned both with each other and with church teaching. Two-thirds (66%) of respondents opposed it, though the levels of resistance varied from 99% in Uganda to 27% in Spain – by far the lowest recorded. Additionally, in all countries except Spain a majority of those polled said they did not think the church should perform marriages between two people of the same sex.
The Vatican is aware of a gulf between teachings and common practice on social issues. Last year it issued its own worldwide survey to try to gauge the attitudes of ordinary believers on subjects such as divorce, contraception and gay marriage, and last week bishops in Germany said its results showed that most Catholics in their country disagreed with the church's stance on artificial birth control, premarital sex, homosexuality and communion for remarried divorcees.
Pope Francis has called bishops to Rome in October for an extraordinary synod, only the third in history, to discuss how the church should respond "in the context of the pastoral challenges facing the family today". While expressing their firm opposition to women's ordination, gay marriage and abortion, the Argentinian pontiff has also said the church needs to be less obsessed with doctrine and more focused on pastoral care if it is to hold on to its existing members and reach new ones.
CDC Director Tom Frieden (Photo11: Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images)
Antibiotic resistance that turns ordinary disease-causing bacteria into illnesses that can't be controlled could bring about the "next pandemic," Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Tom Frieden warned at a National Press Club event Tuesday.
Frieden also addressed a series of laboratory safety lapses that brought CDC lab precautions to the public spotlight. But they devoted much of their attention Tuesday to other threats still facing public health.
Frieden brought attention to the growing trend of antibiotic-resistant bacteria — which can cause patients to "enter the hospital with one disease and leave with another," Frieden said. Antibiotics and similar drugs — referred to under the umbrella of anti-microbrial agents — have been commonly used to treat infections and diseases for the past 70 years. However, their common use has caused some bacteria to mutate and become resistant to these drugs, according to the CDC.
Frieden cited CRE — a deadly family of bacteria that are nearly immune to antibiotics — as one of the most problematic infections because of their ability to "jump" between organisms and even species.
"Anti-microbial resistance has the potential to harm or kill anyone in the country, undermine modern medicine, to devastate our economy and to make our health care system less stable," Frieden said.
Antibiotic resistance costs $20 billion in health care spending a year, Frieden said. To combat the spread of resistant bacteria, Frieden said the CDC plans to isolate their existence in hospitals and shrink the numbers through tracking and stricter prevention methods.
"We always want to be part of the solution, but sometimes in health we're part of the problem," Frieden said.
Human error was a large part of the discussion surrounding CDC in recent weeks, with the series of troubling lab-safety lapses involving live samples of anthrax and a cross-contaminated strain of bird flu that caused CDC to shut down two of its research labs and vow to strengthen its lab-safety regulations.
Frieden also appeared before an oversight subcommittee of the House Energy and Commerce Committee on July 16 to testify on the lab-safety incidents. The committee is investigating the agency's safety protocols and whether any of the staff had been infected.
Frieden confirmed again at the press club that no staff or members of the public were exposed to any pathogens and the CDC is still implementing its changes to lab-safety precautions. The CDC is still investigating the bird flu breaches, they said.
Although the CDC missed the pattern of weaknesses in lab safety until now, Frieden said, the agency is working to remain transparent from now on.
"If you work with dangerous organisms day after day, month after month, year after year, sometimes there is a tendency to get lax," Frieden said. "What we have to ensure is that though human error may be inevitable, we should do everything in our power to make sure that … there will not be human harm."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1rzdIcN
Ben Affleck is taller than their younger brother Casey
Experts said the condition of the womb after the first pregnancy may be a factor.
The study of 14,000 families was presented at the BA Festival of Science.
The research, by David Lawson, of University College London, also showed children in larger families were likely to be shorter than average.
Researchers found that children with three siblings were 2.5cm or one inch shorter than the average height for their age.
If you are one of the younger ones, then you can expect to be shorter than your older siblings
Dr Lawson
It was suggested siblings may dilute resources - time, money or love - that parents are able to invest in children.
The researchers followed children born in the 1990s and who were enrolled on the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children, one of the largest public health studies to be set up in Britain.
Each year, the children's height was recorded, along with other details of their development.
While having older siblings of either sex affected a younger child's development, the effect of older sisters was milder.
Sibling rivalry
One explanation put forward is that boys are more demanding to raise, and so stretch the resources of parents more than daughters.
Dr Lawson said: "It is well known that children from larger families perform less well at school but this study is the first to suggest that this also applies to height. Height is generally a good proxy to health.
"If you are the oldest child, having younger siblings will not affect your development significantly but if you are one of the younger ones, then you can expect to be shorter than your older siblings."
Marjo-Riitta Jarvelin, an expert in epidemiology and public health at Imperial College London, said the environment of the womb might be important.
"We know that when women have had a number of pregnancies, they are likely to put on weight and their blood sugar levels can become poorer, and this may have effects on the foetus growing in the womb.
"It is impossible to know yet what might be causing this effect, though.
"It may be that when families get very large, parents are less able to provide proper nutrition for their children and the youngest are most exposed to that."
Dr Lawson stressed that their work did not look at whether a child is happier than part of a larger family.
SpaceX has provided a rare update on its Seattle-centric plans to develop a multibillion-dollar Internet satellite network, saying that the work is now at a “critical stage.”
That assessment is part of the company's argument against giving away the bandwidth required for such a network for another purpose – specifically, for 5G mobile broadband services that would be offered by Dish Network and other members of an industry coalition.
The Multi-Channel Video Distribution and Data Service Coalition filed a petition on Wednesday with the Federal Communications Commission on Wednesday, asking that the Ku-band spectrum currently being reserved for satellite broadband should be reallocated for 5G services.
“There is simply no basis to jeopardize 5G deployment to give additional spectrum to a speculative NGSO (non-geostationary orbit) service that already has access to ample spectrum,” the MVDDS Coalition told the FCC.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t3qcDW3xkg4
The coalition said the bandwidth reserved between 12.2 and 12.7 GHz was just sitting unused, and that it could use the spectrum instead to provide “faster speeds, enhanced connection ublquity and truly real-time services and applications” to 5G customers.
That brought a quick response from SpaceX as well as from Intelsat, one of the partners in a competing Internet satellite venture led by OneWeb. Intelsat told the FCC that OneWeb already has a pending FCC application seeking access to the reserved frequencies, and that the bandwidth “will not lie fallow.”
Another satellite operator, SES, said it plans to use the bandwidth as well and was “alarmed by the prospect” that it might be reallocated.
The petition comes at precisely the wrong time.
In their filing, SpaceX's Patricia Cooper wrote that the coalition's request “comes at precisely the wrong time, given the ongoing, active investment and technological developments” relating to Internet satellite services.
Seventeen months ago, SpaceX unveiled its plans to develop a multibillion-dollar Internet satellite network, with much of the work being done at offices in Redmond, Wash. Since then, the company hasn't said much about how things are going. In fact, SpaceX President Gwynne Shotwell said last October that the satellite plan was “actually very speculative at this point.”
OneWeb has taken a higher profile: One of the partners in the venture is Airbus Defense and Space, which is gearing up to build hundreds of small satellites that would be launched into low Earth orbit starting in late 2017 or early 2018. In April, OneWeb Satellites said it would build a satellite manufacturing facility near NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida. And just last week, the company announced that it had signed supply contracts with MacDonald, Dettwiler and Associates in Canada, Sodern in France and Teledyne Defense in Britain.
Although SpaceX has downplayed its plans, there are ample signs of activity. For instance, plane-watchers noted last month that the company's billionaire founder, Elon Musk, made a quick stopover in the Seattle area – presumably to visit the Redmond office. (SpaceX provided no information about the visit.)
.@SpaceX's Elon Musk departs PAE tonight in their new G650ER. pic.twitter.com/i1wnfAtrsd — Chris Edwards (@AeroimagesChris) May 7, 2016
Musk has said that as many as 1,000 employees could eventually be working at the Redmond office, with many of them engaged in the satellite project. SpaceX's website currently lists more than 60 staff positions and internships to be filled in Redmond and Seattle. And last month, the Puget Sound Business Journal quoted SpaceX spokesperson John Taylor as saying the Redmond operation was “making progress.”
Cooper's filing for SpaceX puts a stronger spin on the operation – and also explains why the company is playing its cards close to the vest.
“It comes as no surprise that the details of these proposed NGSO FSS (fixed satellite service) are not currently well-known,” Cooper wrote, “as the development and deployment of satellite systems are highly proprietary and may take several years to finalize, during which time the operators hold details as highly confidential for obvious competitive reasons.”
Further details may soon come out in the open: In a document filed with the FCC a year ago, SpaceX said it would begin conducting satellite experiments this year. That was before a Falcon 9 rocket failure led to a months-long suspension of the company's launch schedule. Despite that setback, it's still possible for the first test satellites to go up as secondary payloads as early as next month, when SpaceX starts launching Iridium Next satellites from Vandenburg Air Force Base in California.
BY: Follow @mchalfant16
The Obama administration's decision to open up all combat roles to women has led to a heated debate over whether women should have to register for the draft and has sparked both legislation and legal action that could change the Selective Service's rules.
It remains to be seen what the impact of Defense Secretary Ash Carter's December order compelling all services to allow women into combat roles will be on Selective Service registration, which is currently only required for men. Dual lawsuits are challenging the constitutionality of the Selective Service Act, and new legislation in Congress also seeks to encourage debate on women's role in the draft.
Reps. Duncan Hunter (R., Calif.) and Ryan Zinke (R., Mt.), both of whom opposed the administration's decision to open up combat roles to women, introduced a bill last week that would require women ages 18 to 26 to register for the Selective Service. The lawmakers, both of them military veterans, said that Carter's order forced the issue.
"This discussion wouldn't be happening if the administration didn't force the services to integrate combat arms by decree. And it's hard to find anyone who is enthusiastic about compelling draft registration for women, but the administration up to now has made this all about equality and fairness," Hunter, a Marine reserve officer, told the Washington Free Beacon in a statement. "So in that regard, the decision to integrate combat units without exception has prompted the necessity to now discuss whether women should be required to register with the selective service."
"This is the dilemma that the administration created and obviously it failed to think things through all the way," Hunter added.
In announcing the legislation, Hunter said that they may well vote against their own bill but that lawmakers regardless need to have the discussion about women and the draft.
Even if the legislation makes no progress, Carter's order has also given fuel to lawsuits that accuse the Military Selective Service Act of being discriminatory.
Last July, a New Jersey mother filed a suit on behalf of their daughter in federal court against the Selective Service System and its director. The plaintiff, Allison Kyle, argued that women should be required to register for the draft because the Pentagon in 2013 ended the ban on women serving in combat roles. While a previous Supreme Court ruling, Rostker vs. Goldberg, held that the male-only requirement of the Selective Service did not violate the Constitution because women were restricted from combat roles, Kyle argued that the ruling is no longer valid.
"With both males and females available for such roles today, the two sexes are now similarly situated for draft registration purposes, and there is no legitimate reason for the government to discriminate against the female class, so equal protection applies," the complaint read.
A second lawsuit, introduced in 2013 and initially dismissed by a California federal district court, has regained life following Carter's announcement opening combat jobs to female service members. A California appeals court heard arguments in the suit, brought by the National Coalition for Men against the Selective Service System, just days after Carter revealed the decision last December.
"Things have changed," one of the judges with the Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit remarked during the hearing. "Right now the position is that all combat jobs are open to women, no?"
Ultimately, the court will decide whether or not the case will be dismissed or go to trial.
The issue sparked discussion at the Republican presidential primary debate Saturday night, days after the chiefs of the Army and Marine Corps both indicated they would support requiring women to register for the Selective Service now that the administration has opened frontline combat roles to women.
GOP candidates Sen. Marco Rubio (Fla.), former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie all signaled that they would support opening the Selective Service to women in the wake of Carter's decision.
"I have no problem whatsoever with people of either gender serving in combat so long as the minimum requirements necessary to do the job are not compromised," Rubio said Saturday. "I support that, and obviously, now that that is the case, I do believe that Selective Service should be opened up for both men and women in case a draft is ever instituted."
GOP candidate Sen. Ted Cruz (Texas) regarded their fellow candidates' support of the idea as shocking and dangerous.
"We have had enough with political correctness—especially in the military," Cruz told New Hampshire voters Sunday. "Political correctness is dangerous, and the idea that we would draft our daughters, to forcibly bring them into the military and put them in close contact—I think is wrong, it is immoral, and if I am president, we ain't doing it."
Carter themselves has indicated that they expect Congress to weigh whether women should be required to register for the draft given the combat role change.
"It stands to reason it'll be taken up by the Congress because of the decision we've made," the Pentagon chief said last Wednesday, according to the Hill. Carter further encouraged women to "step forward" into combat positions.
Carter ordered the military to open up combat roles to female service members after a Marine Corps study found that women were injured twice as often as men, used weapons less accurately in simulated combat conditions, and were less effective at evacuating injured troops from the battlefield. The defense secretary rejected an appeal from the Marines to keep certain ground combat jobs male-only.
"For the Marine Corps … the biggest issue is whether the [gender] integration plan stands to compromise their lethality and combat effectiveness at the small unit level, so if there's a risk here, that's where it is. And that's why the Marine Corps and the special operations community took the position they did," Hunter said Tuesday.
"But they too recognize that if the dictate is about fairness and equality, then it's only logical that the draft registration be opened also—which was endorsed by the Army and Marine Corps."
Located at the corner of Foster and Pulaski Avenues in the North Park community, Gompers Park covers 42.17 acres. The park straddles the Chicago River and features rehabilitated wetlands and a lagoon with pier access that lends itself to many environmental activities.
The park hosts a Uban Camp and Under Illinois Sky, Family Campout, River Rescue Clean-up, as well as flight attendantship and gardening opportunities.
In addition to an outdoor pool, Gompers Park has a playground, three junior baseball fields, one football field, one basketball courts, five tennis courts, a roller hockey-skating area, and a spray pool. Inside the fieldhouse are several activity rooms, a gymnasium, and an auditorium with a stage.
Gompers Park's preschool programs include ballet, arts& crafts, preschool activities, tiny tot tumbling, seasonal sports--as well as Tots Spot (for 12 to 36-month-olds).
Youth participate in sports such as basketball, volleyball, floor hockey, and soccer. Other popular activities include Kids Nite Out, tap, ballet, Park Kids after school program and gymnastics.
Teens enjoy basketball and gymnastics - as well as getting involved with the new park teen club.
Seniors can participate in conditioning and stretching classes.
This guest blog post comes from Andrew Ganim, who shared a version of this story as testimony to the School Reform Commission on January 19.
Talk to teachers in Philadelphia, and you'll hear more than a few complaints about walkthrough teams. These are the groups of educators sent each month to struggling schools to see how well teachers are following the details of the mandated curriculum, down to such items as how desks are arranged and what's on classroom walls.
One of these walkthrough teams came into my wife's 3rd grade classroom in Lea Elementary School, took one look at a lovingly assembled reading corner, and determined it was “clutter.” As if that were not enough, the District then paid someone to come in over the Martin Luther King, Jr. holiday weekend to remove it.
Does the headline “Walkthrough team deems reading area ‘clutter,' removes it,” sound more like something you would expect to read in the Notebook, or in The Onion?
Unfortunately, it actually happened.
I live in West Philadelphia, across the street from Lea. This school educates impoverished students and is in the so-called “empowerment” category due to its relatively low proficiency scores on tests. As such, it is required to use a very specific scripted curriculum and it gets additional resources. Among these “resources” are the monthly walkthroughs.
Lea sits in a neighborhood near the University of Pennsylvania and has a vibrant and active community of parents and neighbors interested in helping it improve. In 2008, I joined with a number of others to contribute to a DonorsChoose.org proposal for a reading area in a Lea classroom. The reading area was designed to create a fun and comfortable place that would encourage students to read. (Despite what happened in this case, contributing to proposals on DonorsChoose.org is a great way to help improve our schools!)
The reading area has been a hit. As I write this, I am looking at photos of kids enjoying this space and the grateful letters they sent me.
For over three years I have heard from students who used this resource. I can assure you that these kids were excited when they got to use that space, which really translated to them being excited to read.
Then a month or two ago, one of the District walkthrough teams described the area as "clutter." Other comments from the team included quite a few strange things like “too many words [!] on the word wall,” and “13 class rules.” There was no comment as to why these were problems.
After that visit, my wife implemented the changes that were essentially neutral, and resisted those that they considered damaging to the learning environment. In the case of the reading area, they chose to ignore the comment since they knew it was much more valuable than "clutter."
Then, on Tuesday morning, January 17, before the kids got in, they sent me a picture message. It was the corner of their room with the reading area, except all the furniture was gone.
The last thing this walkthrough team was interested in was whether the students used and enjoyed this area, or what removing it would mean. When asked afterwards, they declined to explain their reasoning.
Now, these 8- and 9-year-olds do not understand why their special spot is gone and why they have to read at their desks. They think they are being punished, and they have no idea why. Moreover, relationships among the staff at Lea have been seriously damaged.
Of course, since Lea is an Empowerment School, skilled teachers like my wife are effectively handcuffed to the scripted curriculum. They are not free to use their knowledge and expertise, because the District says that it is better for them to act like automatons and follow the script. The walkthrough process only adds insult to injury. Besides denying them the freedom to apply their teaching skills, they are also taking away teachers' classroom resources.
How exactly is this supposed to help the students learn? Instead of investing in walkthroughs, the District should be investing in opportunities for teacher peer review, knowledge sharing, and high-quality professional development. There are more than 100 of these Empowerment Schools now. How much do these walkthroughs cost?
I want to be clear that these are my words and not my wife's. I am speaking out because it shocks me to see the District blindly undoing the efforts of the Lea community, and I want to see something positive come out of this. I am still optimistic that something will: Since I spoke at the SRC, I've been engaged in ongoing discussions with the staff of several commissioners. But their plates are full and they have lots to keep track of.
When I spoke to the SRC members, I suggested that as they look for ways to cut $61 million from the budget before the end of the year, they might take a look at the walkthrough teams. Apparently, they did. According to District spokesperson Fernando Gallard, the positions of six instructional support officers, the persons in each region who did the walkthroughs, have been cut. It is still unclear, however, whether District leaders still believe in the concept and whether the walkthroughs will continue.
In my comments to the SRC I also mentioned that my wife and I are young professionals who have options. We'll be buying a house soon; should we buy one here? We have friends in San Francisco and New York and family in Houston. Mayor Nutter wants people like us to stay in the city, and they are right to want that, but why should we?
Philadelphia has to do much better than this if it wants to keep us, and others like us, in the city.
Postscript: On Thursday, January 24, there was another walkthrough. Let me point out that while the reading area was taken away, the desks weren't moved and the classroom layout stayed the same. This time, however, the walkthrough team decided things are “much better because the kids are spread out more.”
Never mind that the kids were not actually “spread out more.” I still don't see how more space between desks would encourage young readers more effectively than a comfortable and inviting reading area.
Sam Allardyce has said that England are being held back by the Premier League ahead of their expected appointment in charge of the national side this week.
Allardyce, who is set to be made England manager, made the claim in an extract from a new book about the national team, "Fifty Years of Hurt," serialised in The Times.
The Sunderland boss was interviewed for the England position in 2006 but lost out to Steve McClaren.
Now, though, Allardyce is on the cusp of becoming the new national team manager following Roy Hodgson's departure after a disappointing round-of-16 exit at Euro 2016.
Allardyce said: "The biggest problem for England is the Premier League -- it's bigger than the international stage.
"The Premier League's almighty, and growing even greater. And of course the greater it grows the more it diminishes the player availability for England level. Fewer around.
"How many has Roy Hodgson got in total? Not more than 70. This country is probably the hardest to get the international team to its peak because of the Premier League.
"I had a discussion with the FA over the fact that I would have to spend a lot of time with the managers of every club to encourage letting the player go and that they would be in safe hands, that I wouldn't do anything ridiculous to upset them as a manager and not get the player injured."
Allardyce added that they would support the introduction of a winter break in order to ensure England players are fresher heading into international tournaments.
They said: "I talked about players' fatigue from still not having a winter break. I always voted for it."
Follow @ESPNFC on Twitter to keep up with the latest football updates.
City and County of San Francisco Use Civil flag Adopted December 16, 1940 Design A white field, with a phoenix rising from flames. There is a motto beneath the phoenix on a ribbon, "Oro en paz. Fierro en guerra."
The flag of the City and County of San Francisco, which depicts a rising phoenix, is often assumed to be symboled of the city's recovery from the 1906 earthquake and subsequent fires. However, the flag itself dates several years earlier to around 1900. It was officially adopted as the flag of San Francisco on December 16, 1940.
History [ edit ]
Former San Francisco city flag, from the early 1900s.
In 1900, banker and art patron Mayor James Duval Phelan, mayor from 1897 to 1902, recommended to the Board of Supervisors that San Francisco adopt a flag and motto. Over 100 designs were submitted and John M. Gamble's proposal was selected. It depicts a phoenix rising from its ashes on a white field. The mythological phoenix appears in many ancient cultures and is a symbol of immortality. When the long-lived phoenix feels death is near, it builds a nest of aromatic wood and sets it afire. A new phoenix then arises from the ashes, just as San Francisco arose from the great fires of the 1850s. The motto "Oro en paz y fierro en guerra" "Gold in Peace and Iron in War" refers to the city's then-recent experience during the Spanish–American War as the embarkation point for troops to the Philippines in 1898.[1]
Design [ edit ]
Below the phoenix is a banner which reads in Spanish, Oro en Paz—Fierro en Guerra (English: "Gold in Peace, Iron in War"). Because of this, the official city colors are gold and black; these two colors decorate the dome of San Francisco City Hall.
The yellow border, now reproduced as a part of the flag, was originally intended to be a gold fringe, but mistakenly became incorporated into the design. When used indoors, as is the custom, a gold fringe is added to what was originally intended to be the fringe.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
^ Caption from the "War & Dissent: The U.S. in the Philippines, 1898-1902" exhibit. Curated by Randolph Delehanty, Ph.D. of the Presidio Trust
For many, this season has brought back a handful of seemingly forgotten memories of former Ottawa Senators' head coach Paul MacLean. After proving their success and winning the Jack Adams Award in 2013, in the following season MacLean went on to change their ways and drive people crazy with their lineup combinations that seemed to look like they were rolling dice. Now, after Dave Cameron had their fair share of success in the latter half of last season, here we are watching their lineups continually change in their efforts to “shake things up”. Zack Smith has become a prime example of this exhausting parody.
Comparing Zack Smith and Mike Hoffman
At the beginning of this season, the Senators' had one of the top 1st lines in all of the NHL with the trio of Mike Hoffman, Mark Stone, and Kyle Turris. With their last name initials spelling out “HST” they were given the nickname of the “tax” line. However, somewhere along the way, Stone received a suspension, the lines were juggled, and now Smith has moved from their long-time 3rd line centre spot and seemingly found a home on the left-wing alongside Turris and Stone.
At first, some were suspecting that this change might've been GM Bryan Murray's way of showcasing Smith in an attempt to move him, however, as time goes on, this doesn't look like it's the case.
In addition to the rise of Smith's ice time since being added to the top line, they have also recently taken Hoffman's spot on the #1 power play line for the Senators.
Zack Smith has played more time on the power play than Mike Hoffman in 4 of the past 5 games. — Sens Charts (@SensCharts) January 4, 2016
Since that change, Ottawa's power play has been suffering. Take a look at the difference below.
Dave Cameron is basically throwing away goals keeping Hoffman off PP #1. Just look at Smith vs. Hoffman here. pic.twitter.com/tM0cS4NVTZ — Callum Fraser (@CallumFraser18) January 4, 2016
Coming up on 400 career NHL games, Smith has played 39 of the Senators' 40 games this season. In those games, Smith has just eight goals and two assists which is 10 points below the next lowest scoring top six forward in the lineup, Mika Zibanejad. To magnify Smith's offensive woes, they are tied in points with rookie forward Shane Prince who has played 13 fewer games.
Smith Belongs In Bottom Six Role
Though Smith hasn't exactly shined on the top line, they had success early in the season playing on the third line. With the Senators' early offensive success this season, it remains a confusion that Cameron won't return the lineups back to the way they were, with Smith on the 3rd line and Hoffman on the 1st.
Player Points, Goals, Assists per 60 Minutes Played. Prince has been so, so good. Chiasson has been so, so bad. pic.twitter.com/4W65PEadll — Sens Charts (@SensCharts) December 31, 2015
Prior to Monday Night's game against the St Louis Blues, the Senators' had been shutout in consecutive games for the first time since Dec. 2nd and 4th, 2010. They ended their scoreless drought after 174:24 minutes of play, going on to take the 3-2 win in overtime against the Blues. Hoffman was back on the #1 power play, where they scored the first goal of the game for Ottawa, while Smith was demoted from the top line. Time will tell seeing if Cameron is willing to shuffle their lineups back to their early season form for good.
Schoolgirl searched in Philadelphia for having a gun made of PAPER
Melody Valentin was caught with the piece of paper by a classmate
A school staff member allegedly berated them and searched them
The girl was left shaken by the episode
A mother is furious with their daughter's school after they were punished for taking a 'gun' made out of paper to school.
Dianna Kelly, of south Philadelphia, says staff at D.Newlin Fell School over-reacted when fifth-grader Melody Valentin was noticed taking it out of their pocket by another pupil.
They were scolded in front of the class, threatened with the police being called and even searched with other children watching the whole time, reported Fox 29 .
Dianna Kelly says staff at their daughter Melody's school overreacted when they were found with a paper gun
Melody was given the folded piece of paper by their grandfather the day before and claims they only got it out to throw away as they had forgotten it was in their pocket.
A boy saw the crudely-folded piece of paper and called staff.
'He yelled at me and said I shouldn't have brought the gun to school and I kept telling them it was a paper gun but they wouldn't listen,' Melody said.
They added that their classmates had taunted her, calling them a 'murderer'.
Ms Kelly says they daughter was punished so severely they have since been suffering from terrifying dreams.
They said: 'I'm waking up at 3am and my daughter is in the bathroom crying. She's saying "I'm having nightmares, I'm having dreams about them (a school staff member) chasing me down the street".
'Why did they threaten my daughter? Why did they stand over my daughter and tell them that they should call the cops on them Why did they try to scare her?'
Melody says other children taunted her, calling them a 'murderer' after they were disciplined
The paper gun Melody was admonished for looked very much like this one
The School District of Philadelphia told Fox 29 they were investigating and could not comment on the matter.
In the meantime, Kelly says they don't want their daughter at the school and may even place them in another.
Schools in America are currently jittery over security because of the Sandy Hook tragedy, where twenty first-graders and six teachers were killed by gunman Adam Lanza.
A debate has been raging over gun control, with pro-gun lobbyists saying teachers should be armed to deter similar tragedies in the future.
Isn't it great how Instagram's “Explore” section displays content that matches your interests? When you open the application, the content and recommendations shown are almost always relevant to your specific likes, interests, connections, etc. While it may be fun to think we're the center of the Instagram universe, the reality is that personalized, relevant content is also uniquely curated for 400 million other people daily. With 400M active users and 80M photos posted daily, how does Instagram decide what to put on your explore section? Let's explore the key factors Instagram uses to determine scores for posts in your Instagram timeline and explore section.
Before we get into the nitty-gritty, here are some features Instagram uses to determine what content to serve up:
Timing : the more recent the post, the higher the score.
Engagement : could be determined by the number of likes, comments and/or views. If a user engages with certain tags more often, such as snowboarding, that user will be shown more images of snowboarding.
Previous Interactions: how often you have interacted with this user in the past. The more you engage with certain users indicates how relevant their posts are to you.
Affinity: how you are related to this person. A friend of a friend, a friend that you haven't connected with yet, or someone you don't know?
Now, let's use these features to build our own Instagram discovery engine. In order to query data from Instagram I am going to use the very cool, yet unofficial, Instagram API written by Pasha Lev. For Mac users, the following should get you up and running. All other libraries are pip installable, and all Python code was run within a Jupyter notebook.
Step 1: Setup Jupyter Notebook and Dependencies
To get up and running, run the following in your terminal:
View the code on Gist.
Then run jupyter notebook in your terminal, which will open in your default browser. I would also recommend verifying your Instagram phone number before continuing. This will prevent some unexpected redirects.
Now on to the good stuff. Let's start with finding my social network and a bit of graph analysis.
View the code on Gist.
If all goes well you should get a ‘Login success!' response.
We can now build a true social network by finding everyone I follow as well as everyone they follow. For a quick intro on social network analysis and personalized pagerank, take a look at this blog post.
Before stepping into the code, let's take a look at my own profile to see what we're trying to analyze.
As you can see, I follow 42 people, who are considered my immediate network, which isn't too many. If we start to look at 2nd degree connections that number quickly grows. In my case, if we look at 2nd degree connections the number of nodes reaches over 24,000. A nice visualization of this can be seen in step 2.
View the code on Gist.
Cool, now let's get that into a nicely formated Pandas Dataframe.
View the code on Gist.
Step 2: Network Visualization (optional)
While it's not essential to visualize your network in order to build your own discovery engine, it is pretty interesting and may help with understanding personal pageranks. I'm going to use one of my new favorite graph visualizations library, Graphistry (check them out sometime). However, if you don't want to wait around for an API key (though I got a same day response), there are lots of other good libraries such as Lightning and NetworkX.
View the code on Gist.
For this example, I'm going to display to src_id, and dst_id to give my friends a bit of privacy, though it is pretty fun to display usernames (which is what the below code will do). The first graph only displays edges that are sourced from me and filtered using the built-in tools in Graphistry.
The second graph shows all of my extended network.
Isn't that cool? You can already see a couple interesting features such as the few external centroids and how they interact with the rest of my social network.
Step 3: Finding Top Images from Social Network
It's now time to grab the most recent images from everyone and rate them by how relevant they are to me. Since there about 24,000 nodes, it may take a while to download all the data.
Let's do a quick trial run of only the 44 people I immediately follow to make sure we're on the right track.
Based on what I thought might determine the relative score of Instagram posts, we need to grab the # of likes, # of comments and the time the photo was taken for all recent photos of people I follow (in this example I considered recent equivalent to one week and cut off photos older then that). It would also be useful to grab how many times I've ‘liked' that user's posts and how connected that person is to me. Everything besides “how connected” that user is to me is a simple sum. To calculate the “connected” piece, we'll use a personalized pagerank. Once we've compiled that information, we can define an importance metric like:
Alright, now that we have that defined, let's see how it works! I apologize for the big chunk of code coming up, but don't you worry…there is a picture of my new puppy at the end!
View the code on Gist.
Which gives me:
This actually looks very similar to my personal timeline – cool! Now that we know we're onto something, let's tackle the discovery section.
Step 4: Extending User Base
We can take the same approach as before by calculating the relative score of each photo of friends. To do this, we'd start with the first social graph that we calculated…but that has over 24K nodes and I'm too lazy to wait for all the data. Instead, let's grab photos of friends whose posts I've ‘liked'. This drops the number of nodes down to just over 1,500 which, depending on your internet speed, is the perfect amount of time for a coffee break.
There are a couple minor tweaks to the above code that are needed to deal with the extended user base, but most of the code is the same.
View the code on Gist.
The results ended up showing a lot of images from National Geographic and Red Bull, which I currently don't follow, but might start now!
Step 5: Interest Based Analysis
Interests haven't yet been taken into account just yet. A nice aspect of Instagram is its rich set of #hashtags used to describe photos. Let's see if we can discover my interests by using the hashtags of photos I've ‘liked', and photos that I've been tagged in. While Instagram most likely uses click data alongside ‘like' data, we don't have access to clicks, so we're going to stick with likes only.
View the code on Gist.
Which gives:
View the code on Gist.
Now let's grab the most popular images for each of those tags:
View the code on Gist.
Now that we have the most popular image from each hashtag feed, we can display them.
View the code on Gist.
Now let's combine these two techniques.
Step 6: Putting it all Together
You may have noticed I was saving all the collected image data to top_graph_img and images_top_tags. Let's combine them using a fairly naive technique, random sampling:
View the code on Gist.
That's not too shabby! I personally find some of those photos pretty cool, but it definitely could be better.
Ways to improve the discovery engine:
With access to the entire social graph, we could run a similar analysis with weights between nodes, determined by the number of likes and comments.
Combine click data alongside ‘like' data to take advantage of implicit feedback and engagement metrics. This can be extremely useful for downgrading more clickbait style posts that don't have very many likes, and showing interests of users who don't tend to ‘like' very often.
Calculate image features using Convolutional Neural Nets. Remove the final dense layers, then calculate and display similar images to those the user has liked based on those features. Integrate Facebook's social network to display images of people you're connected with.
Use Matrix Factorization to see if we can recommend content. You could even use image features and hashtags to construct feature vectors for hybrid techniques.
Use natural language processing (NLP) and clustering techniques to find similar hashtags ( even ones with emoji's! ). This provides normalization of hashtags (bike vs biking) and similarity metrics (nature vs mountain)
This is by no means is an exhaustive list, so if you have any other ideas please let me know!
For more information on discovery engines, check out our personalization page or schedule a demo to learn more about Stream's personalized feeds.
Happy building!
Also published on Medium.
The Daily Show's Jon Stewart opened up their show this Thursday by first taking on Sony's decision not to release The Interview, complaining that Kim Jong-un now decides the films we make:
On Thursday evening's Daily Show, Jon Stewart tackled the hacks and subsequent terrorist threats that prevented Sony from releasing The Interview, questioning why Sony would fall for North Korea's “hyperbolic threats.” “Why did we fall for that?” Stewart asked. “That's their hook!” So, according to Stewart, it means North Korea dictator Kim Jong-un basically determines which films we make and watch. And they joked that Kim should love Hollywood because they are just like North Korea: “everyone's always telling you how great you are, there are billboards everywhere with your face on them, and nobody eats.” Stewart also gave us this blunt assertion, courtesy of North Korea, as well as the news this week that the U.S. will re-establish diplomatic relations with Cuba...
Stewart played portions of Senators Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio, harping this week about President Obama's decision and pretending that the United States can claim some kind of moral high road when it comes to our treatment of prisoners and on torture.
STEWART: I don't know what you two guys have been doing for the last couple of weeks, but I think I know which book I'm getting you for the holidays.
Stewart wrapped things up with "Gitmo" the Guantanamo Bay detainee puppet who looks a lot like Elmo, to discuss how we're doing on that front.
How do you recover from one of the most disastrous episodes in consumer electronics history? That's the challenge Samsung has confronted in the months leading up to today's announcement of the Galaxy Note 8. Undeterred by the battery catastrophe that led to a complete recall and effective cancellation of the Galaxy Note 7, Samsung just unveiled its successor today.
The Galaxy Note 8 is here, and Samsung is hopeful that consumers who appreciate the Note's features and its signature stylus will be willing to give the brand another chance after months of hearing warnings aboard airplanes and other public transit about the dangers and potential for destruction posed by the recalled smartphone. The name hasn't changed. It is a Galaxy Note through and through, and it's definitely the nicest one Samsung has ever made. Preorders begin tomorrow on all the major US carriers, and an unlocked model will be available at launch for the first time. The Note 8 will be released in stores on September 15th.
Samsung's comeback strategy hasn't been as flippant as simply moving on and making another phone. In the aftermath of fires, customer injuries, and an avalanche of bad PR, the company has established a multi-point battery safety check, which is being used for the Note 8 just as it was for the Galaxy S8 released earlier this year. So far, the biggest complaints about the S8 have been about Bixby and some displays having a red tint. Batteries haven't burst into flames or exploded, so the S8 can be considered a successful first half of a rebound. But to truly press on, Samsung needs the Note 8 launch to come and go smoothly — even if it doesn't break sales records for the line.
The leaked photos and specs for the Note 8 have been accurate; it leans heavily on the design of the Galaxy S8 Plus, but features a display that's slightly larger (6.3 inches instead of 6.2 inches), corners that are more squared off, and less curvature to the front side edges. It's still very much a curved screen, but you've got slightly more flat surface area to work with (and write on). The Note 8 is a bit heftier than the S8 Plus at 195 grams (0.43 pounds) versus 173 grams (0.38 pounds), and there was a noticeable in-hand difference to me because of that. Color options include black, gray, gold, and blue, although the latter two won't be available in the United States. That's a shame, since the blue was my favorite of the four when previewing the phone.
When talking about the Note 8's hardware, Samsung makes a strange habit of comparing it to the two-year-old Galaxy Note 5 — as if the Note 7's recall has fully extinguished it from history. The company says the S Pen has more levels of pressure sensitivity and is water resistant this time around, but those things were also true of the stylus slotted inside last year's phone. In reality, it's basically the same S Pen.
Galaxy Note 8 specs Display: 6.3-inch Quad HD+ (2960x1440) Super AMOLED Processor: US: Qualcomm Snapdragon 835
International: Samsung Exynos Octa core Storage: 64GB (US) / 128GB / 256GB
microSD expansion RAM: 6GB Cameras: Back: Dual 12MP cameras with OIS. Wide-angle f/1.7, telephoto f/2.4
Front: 8MP f/1.7 Battery: 3300mAh Other specs: Android 7.1.1 Nougat
IP68 water and dust resistant
Wireless charging
NFC and MST for Samsung Pay
USB Type-C
3.5mm headphone jack
Bluetooth 5.0
LTE Cat. 16
Wi-Fi: 802.11a/b/g/n/ac
The Note itself has seen more worthwhile upgrades, though they're all very predictable. It's got a Snapdragon 835 processor, 64GB of storage (with microSD support), and 6GB of RAM. The battery is 3300mAh, so clearly Samsung is playing it safe for at least the Note 7's direct successor. That bump in RAM — the S8 and S8 Plus have 4GB — and a barely bigger screen are the main hardware differences between the Note 8 and Galaxy S8 when you're looking at it from the front. It's incredibly difficult to spot the display size difference with the two phones side by side, but there's another big differentiator around back: a dual-lens camera.
Samsung has equipped the Note 8 with two 12-megapixel cameras. The regular / wide-angle lens has an aperture of f/1.7, and the telephoto lens is f/2.4. But in what Samsung claims to be an industry first, both sensors offer optical image stabilization. (The iPhone 7 Plus' zoom lens doesn't have OIS, but the primary camera does.) That should allow the Note to utilize its telephoto camera more often instead of defaulting to the regular camera in low-light conditions, which is what the iPhone often does.
With a dual camera comes the plethora of new software modes you'd expect. Samsung has its own take on the portrait mode, which blurs the background behind your subject to mimic bokeh. You're able to dial the effect up or down to your liking instead of being stuck with just on / off modes, which is nice. You also have the option of adding (or removing) it after a shot has already been taken. And a “Dual Capture” mode stitches together photos from both cameras and saves them individually, too. Unfortunately, the Note 8 retains the same awkward position for the fingerprint scanner as the Galaxy S8. It's a little easier to feel and distinguish from the camera lens, but it's still a stretch.
The Note 8 ships with Android 7.1.1, and the overall software experience is basically identical to what's on the Galaxy S8. Bixby has a big presence, and yes, there's still a dedicated physical button for Samsung's digital assistant. Samsung is also bringing DeX to the Note, so if you buy the required dock, you can plug it into a monitor for a desktop-like experience with a mouse and keyboard. One new thing is that you can now pair two apps in Apps Edge so that they'll always launch together in split-screen mode. Other useful, small software features, like the ability to easily create GIFs from videos, are also here. And the overall look, feel, and fluidity remains leaps and bounds better than the old days of bad, ugly Samsung software.
There are a few fresh S Pen tricks, though: you can now take up to 100 pages of notes in the Screen Off Memo mode, which activates when you pull out the S Pen with the display turned off. A new Live message feature is more or less a ripoff of Digital Touch in iMessage. You can handwrite a message or picture with the S Pen, send it to someone in a message, and it'll play back animated just as you drew it. Live Messages are saved as GIFs, so they're a bit easier to share across different apps and social media than Apple's approach. Lastly, the Translation feature that was introduced on the Note 7 now lets you highlight entire sentences with the S Pen to instantly translate into 71 languages.
But the many similarities between the Note 8 and Galaxy S8 mean that this year, more than ever before, Samsung will be relying on the S Pen and the company's first-ever dual camera to upsell consumers on the more expensive Note. I have no doubt there are still many people loyal to the Note brand and its excellent stylus. The fact remains that there's no other smartphone quite like it. Whether the new camera setup offers any clear benefits over the Galaxy S8 is something we'll be testing soon enough.
But the S8 Plus is often on sale for under $700, which is easier to swallow than the Note 8's very premium price tag. If Samsung isn't as aggressive about marking down the Note's cost, there will be a wide price gulf between these two phones. And if that's not enough, Samsung is about to face off against a redesigned iPhone, the Pixel 2 XL, and more.
But the Note is back because Samsung believes there are still consumers who love it. Assuming the company can avoid unforeseen disaster with the Galaxy Note 8, it will have made a triumphant return from one of its most humbling failures.
(An abridged version of this story first appeared in today's USA TODAY.)
There came a time early on in their romance when Bryan Caraway told Miesha Tate that she'd have to choose.
This was before they were even in the boyfriend-girlfriend realm, before either of them was signed to the UFC roster. This was back when they were just college students who shared a passion for mixed martial arts and the first hints of interest in one another.
They met when Tate (15-5 MMA, 2-2 UFC), then a first-year student at Central Washington University in Ellensburg, Wash., began attending practices at the school's MMA club, led by Caraway (19-7 MMA, 4-2 UFC), a senior. Soon after that they began dating, but when Tate said they wanted to get serious about MMA and begin training with the competition team off-campus, Caraway put their foot down. They couldn't be the captain of the team if they were also dating one of its female members, they told them Tate would have to choose between them or MMA.
“I thought she'd pick me,” Caraway tells USA TODAY Sports and MMAjunkie. “I'm the cool senior guy at the college. Next thing you know, they show up to practice. I'm like, what the heck?”
True to their word, Caraway ended their romantic involvement, but Tate kept coming to practices. Though they say now they were “pretty devastated” when Caraway ended things, they really did want to be a fighter, whether Caraway believed it or not.
“I think they aren't sure whether I was just trying to follow them around more,” Tate said. “Because I started going to the actual team practices, and that was not even at the college. It was like a half-hour drive away, so I was carpooling with all these guys, then training and getting beat up and then going home. They were like, ‘There's no way this girl likes this.'”
But when presented with a choice between a boy they wanted to date and a sport they wanted to compete in, Tate said, “I chose the latter, even though I wanted both.”
It wasn't until a year or so later that Caraway found themselves looking over at their one day at practice and seeing not just some girl, but a capable fighter who had the same burning desire to win that they did. That's when their stance on dating a team member first began to change.
“I was kind of old-fashioned,” Caraway said. “I don't want to say I didn't believe in women's MMA, but it was kind of rough for me. They proved to me that they could be just as mentally strong and physically gifted as the male talent. They won me over.”
Still, there's a reason most relationship experts wouldn't recommend dating someone you work with. It's hard enough when you share an office building with someone you love. It's even harder when your office is a fight gym, and when your boyfriend is also the one who coached you since the start of your career.
That's the part Tate and Caraway say is the hardest. When Tate enters full fight camp mode, as they have now for their bout against fellow women's bantamweight contender Sara McMann at UFC 183 in January, they used to feel as though their coach was following their home at night. While they'd always been good at not bringing their personal lives into the gym, they weren't so great at keeping the gym out of their personal lives.
“In the transition to training camps I felt like I would lose my partner, my boyfriend, and I felt like I just had another coach,” Tate said. “That was hard. We just had to really communicate and figure out why that was.”
One thing they figured out was that they needed help, which is where Xtreme Couture head coach Robert Follis comes in. The pair relocated to Las Vegas primarily to work with him, they say, since they seem to be the one man who knows just how to deal with them both.
For Tate, it allowed them to get their criticism from a source that made it easier to handle, and for Caraway it provided an opportunity to step back and support rather than to constantly push.
“We'd get out of the gym and I'd be still trying to coach at home and talk about things,” Caraway said. “We had to set the cup down, so to speak. You know, you can hold a cup of water, and it's not heavy, but if you hold a cup of water still for six, seven, eight hours, it's going to feel like a million pounds.”
While that aspect of their relationship has improved with the change in gyms, they said, one thing that's hard to get used to is living their private lives in the public eye. Tate's fans are many and they are largely male. A lot of them aren't big fans of Caraway, and they don't mind saying so.
“They want to see them with Brad Pitt or some god or something,” Caraway said. “Nothing's good enough. I get the brunt of all these jokes or bashed on, because all these dudes wish they were with them …People are just so rough sometimes. They treat you like you're an item and not like a human being. It can be a little frustrating.”
As for Tate, they said they do them best not to let it get to them Fans may have their opinions about who they should or shouldn't be with, but every once in a while they have to remind themselves that those people don't actually know anything about her, or about Caraway.
“I'm not asking for anyone's opinion,” Tate said. “I really don't care what anyone has to say.”
Some thoughts and observations after watching the film and going through the stats of the Bears' 20-17 loss to the Vikings on Monday night (as previously shared on Twitter):
1. Bears quarterback Mitch Trubisky certainly provides more offensive variety. I'd like to see more, though — and I think it definitely will happen.
2. Of Trubisky's 22 dropbacks in the first half, 12 were “straight” dropbacks with six requiring some scrambling.
3. I didn't like three penalties whatsoever: receiver Markus Wheaton's holding, receiver Tre McBride's offensive pass interference and outside linebacker Leonard Floyd's holding. Let them play. Geez.
Bears quarterback Mitch Trubisky runs in a two-point conversion. (AP)
4. Bears defensive tackle Akiem Hicks is a Pro Bowl player. That is all.
5. Floyd showed up with a good game. But what the heck is Vikings quarterback Sam Bradford doing holding the ball that long in the end zone?
6. Bears inside linebacker John Timu doesn't have coveted measurables. But they can play. Just a football player, if you get me. They made plays before they got injured. (He left the locker room with a walking boot on their left ankle and on crutches.)
7. Bears rookie running back Tarik Cohen had happy feet. He's an explosive player, but sometimes they have to take what's there and move on to the next play.
8. If tight end Dion Sims isn't going to catch the ball for the Bears, it's time to play rookie Adam Shaheen more. It's overdue at this point.
9. Trubisky will learn what throws they can and can't make. But I like the aggressiveness. Their eyes are down field. Some quarterbacks run first.
10. Despite the loss, there was excitement in the Bears' locker room, especially when players talked about Trubisky. Different vibe. Different QB.
11. I'm withholding “final” judgment on the Bears wide receivers for a few more games. Chemistry will come in time with Trubisky. Or not. Also … let's play rookie Tanner Gentry.
12. Final takeaway: Hearing that Trubisky took blame for the loss must have made the Bears' brass giddy. The team loves their intangibles and leadership.
From Software: Bring Demon's Souls to the PS4!
Jan S. started this petition to From Software started this petition to
From Software will soon release an upgraded version of Dark Souls 2, called "Dark Souls II: Scholar of the First Sin" for the PS4 and Xbox One. With that impending release, there also have been many discussions in the Souls Community on whether "Demon's Souls" (the origin of the Souls series), should also get a remasterd version of it on the PlayStation 4. The vast majority of those commenting have stated that a new and updated version of "Demon's Souls" would be extremely valuable to them and would eagerly pay for it on Sony's console, PS4.
As the game in question was released in Japan over six years ago, many people have not had the opportunity to play it. Now that the PlayStation 3 is a legacy system, many have moved on to the more powerful and current PS4. By creating a new version, it would be a great opportunity for people who only have the PS4 to be able to play the game that started it all for the Souls Series.
It is arguably, the best Souls game and it's unique mechanics and the atmosphere it achieves is still unmatched. Without it, the Souls Series would not even be a reality. Events like "Return to the Nexus" or the "Weekly Fight Club" clearly show that people still love and play "Demon's Souls". The Souls Community, however, believes that the game should not fade into obscurity, but rather, begin again on a more powerful console that could truly bring the famed game to its truest potential.
Now, we ask you, From Software, to please bring Demon's Souls to the PS4. We are confident that you are able to transform our favorite game into the best Souls game ever! Please consider taking the opportunity to bringing "Demon's Souls" to the newest age of video games on PlayStation 4. We will surely support this effort and gladly pay for the privaledge!With high regards, All your Demon's Souls fans
More Liberal Lies Exposed: CDC Increased Payroll by 38% Since 2007, Increased # of Employees by Nearly 2,000
If you've been following politics for any time at all you know that the Democrats' solution to every problem is to blame Republicans and call for more money from American workers. Take for instance the mishandling of the Ebola outbreak in Texas. Two US nurses have contracted the disease and hundreds of other Americans are being monitored.
In the wake of this latest disaster Democrats decided to blame the Sequester for cutting funds to the CDC. This was despite the fact that the Republican Congress gave more money to the CDC than Obama requested.
Now there is even more proof that Democrats are blatantly lying about funding to the CDC. Open the Books discovered that the CDC increased its payroll by 37% since 2007. The CDC also added nearly two thousand new employees since 2007.
Amongst the findings: 1. #1 Bonus of $63,845 went to the Donald Shriber, Deputy Director of Policy & Communication at the Center for Global Health in 2011. 2. CDC Employee Counts Up By a Quarter since 2007. The gross number of CDC employees increased from 8,325 in 2007 to 10,213 in 2013- this is an all-time high. 3. $1 Billion in total payroll at CDC in 2013, that's up from $726,000,000 in 2007- that's a 38% increase in total payroll spending. 4. $21.504 Million in 2013 salaries flowed to the Top 100 Highly Compensated Executives at CDC. 5. Isn't it time to fire the Interior Decorators, Gardeners, other extraneous employees at CDC. Millions of dollars of salaries and bonuses have flowed into positions such as these since 2007. Rep. Henry Waxman testified at yesterday's congressional hearings that the overall CDC budget was cut or impacted during sequester, but it's just not the case with the pay and perks to CDC employees. Cash compensation and number of employees have all increased from 2007-2013 and stand at an all-time high.
Remember this the next time Democrats blame the sequester for the Ebola outbreak – you know they will.
The first day of Bradley Manning's pre-trial hearing is about to begin in the Meade Courthouse. Manning's pre-trial hearing will be starting on their 24th birthday.
I have made it into the Media Operations Center at Ft. Meade. I am unable to post live updates while court is in session but check back here for updates throughout the morning and afternoon. I will be posting during breaks and when classified information is being reviewed (because press and the public are not allowed to follow these portions of the hearing).
3:32 PM – And that's a wrap for the day: Court is in recess until 10:00 AM EST Saturday.
IO Almanza called the court back in session to read Manning their rights into the record again. Almanza then established: “I note classified information may be presented. All participants should remain aware of their duty to protect classified information entrusted to them.” Participants should notify ahead of time so the IO can determine whether to close a portion of the hearing.
The press is now waiting for a legal expert to come out and further explain what just happened and what the press can expect to happen tomorrow.
3:25 PM – Recess and now we're back. Almanza enters into the record the reasons why they find they do not need to recuse himself. They say nothing new that was not stated in the courtroom earlier (or covered hear in the live blog previously). Then, the prosecution mentions they will allow for a verbatim transcript to be produced.
3:00 PM — A writ for extraordinary relief or access to proceedings has been filed by WikiLeaks lawyers, who demand guaranteed access for Julian Assange and WikiLeaks' counsel to the Bradley Manning proceedings. The document filed and further details can be found here at the Center for Constitutional Rights.
Just before this recess, the IO mentioned this filing. They tried not to draw attention to it and did not mention who filed the writ. Now I realize this is what they were talking about.
2:39 PM — About to return from recess. I'll note that Ft. Meade accommodated the public by opening up a theater. At least 30 people went in to view proceedings on closed-circuit camera television (same feed being made available to press).
It is true. Security is tight. That is what The Guardian is reporting. I do not have my cell phone. It is with Lt. Dan Choi, who dropped me off at the media checkpoint. I learned I could take the battery out of my iPhone if I want to bring it with me tomorrow but they have zero tolerance for violating ground rules. There have been press removed from the area for taking pictures and texting on their phones.
I am fully respecting the Ft. Meade ground rules so I can continue to do reporting.
2:20 PM — As usual, Guardian has a top-notch live blog. So, in addition to this one, I'll promote this rival blog, especially because I cannot provide updates on what is happening right now. I cannot take pictures/video. I cannot stand by the protesters and report. I am nowhere near where they are so I do not know about the military police in riot gear that may be nearby Bradley Manning supporters and Occupy Wall Street participants, who came to the proceedings on a bus from New York.
And, in case you are wondering, Ed Pilkington is the reporter here for The Guardian.
1:58 PM — Coombs requests a verbatim transcript of the proceedings. They would like this produced because they say the Defense Appellate Division needs it to assist in the filing of the writ. The prosecution states administratively the court is not set up to do anything more than produce summarized transcripts of the proceedings. Coombs presses the judge further and the judge says they would grant the defense a verbatim transcript to help with the writ filing but they don't have the authority.
1:48 PM — IO Almanza refuses to recuse himself. The court is now in recess after Almanza told the court they will not be recusing himself. They don't believe a reasonable person knowing all the circumstances would be led to the conclusion that they were biased.. They cite RCN 409(2a).
Coombs immediately indicated they would file a writ for a stay of the proceedings with the Army Court of Criminal Appeals. The court is in recess for ten minutes now.
1:15 PM — Proceedings will resume at 1:30 PM. Additional notes on the morning proceedings:
David E. Coombs, lawyer for Manning's defense, said case rises and falls on whether information is properly classified.
They argue the Article 32 hearing is part of the military justice system and it should not be downplayed in its importance. There are very real implications for their client, they state, and the court should go out of its way to have thorough proceedings on whether or not Manning should be executed, especially given comments made by the Secretary of State and multiple Defense Department officials. (This was in reference to whether, in fact, their client had harmed national security.)
12:55 PM — Coombs further presses IO Almanza. After the government stated they did not think Almanza was biased, Coombs returned to further question Almanza. They again cited the simple fact that they are part of the DoJ was good enough reason to recuse himself. Almanza was ready and cited a case where an IO had been presiding who was a DoJ. It was an Air Force case (do not have the specifics). Almanza also defended themselves by stating they worked in the child exploitation and obscenities section of the DoJ and the purview of that division did not involve national security matters relevant to the case.
Coombs declared, “Media has already published multiple accounts questioning whether or not you as a member of the DoJ should have been detailed to this case.” Coombs held up a copy of a report filed by the press during the recess.
Coombs also said there were hundreds that could have been chosen from for the IO position. In the end, a member of the DoJ was chosen. And they pointed out that further evidence of bias existed because the defense had asked for details on investigations that would undercut what the OCA's has opined in their unsworn declaration and were able to get no relevant information disclosed.
12:45 PM — Almanza says they were using their DoJ email with their BlackBerry after they were activated as IO for the Manning case.
12:39 PM — Hearing now in recess so investigative officer can deliberate over whether they appear to be biased. Almanza, the investigative officer, asserts they are not biased, but they are going to deliberate and consult with their legal adviser during this recess to decide whether a reasonable person would think they were biased against Pfc. Bradley Manning.
Also, Coombs informed Almanza just before recess that if they do not recuse themselves they will be filing a writ with the Defense Appellate Division to get a stay of the proceedings.
12:00 PM — The US government does not find the investigative officer to be biased and therefore they do not need to recuse himself. The prosecution makes clear the defense has not alleged actual bias, only the appearance. This is done after Almanza, the investigative officer (IO), says they do not consider themselves to be biased. This question is appears favorable to the defense so unclear why prosecution would establish this fact. Despite this apparent consensus between the defense and prosecution, Cpt. Ashden Fein said US believes based off written findings this open process that a reasonable person would believe that this process would sift out appearance of bias.
Fein concluded this by establishing they are not currently a trial attorney with the DoJ. Also, for the DoJ, their work concerns “policy & legislation.” They do not supervise prosecutors on a daily basis. They had not reviewed any material the DoJ has on Manning or WikiLeaks. They had no conversations with DoJ employees or subordinates. They followed procedure for establishing if witnesses should be approved. They made a proper determination on whether the hearing, which would otherwise be public, should be closed or not during any portion of the proceeding to prevent prejudice during the trial. (Almanza asserted all of this was true to Fein.)
11:00 AM Press is headed back to the courthouse. Proceedings are about to resume.
10:38 AM Here are the names of the attorneys of the defense and prosecution —
PROSECUTION: Captain Ashden Fein, Captain Joe Morrow, Captain Angel Overgaard
DEFENSE: Mr. David Coombs, Major Matthew Kemkes, Captain Paul Bouchard
10:30 AM For security purposes, media not being told where Manning is located during the recesses and breaks.
Also, the names of the defense, the military cautioned, should be cited with caution because they and their families could be targeted by hackers.
9:45 AM Manning's defense lawyer, David E. Coombs, has filed a motion requesting Lt. Col. Paul Almanza recuse themselves from their position as the presiding investigative officer over Pfc. Bradley Manning's Article 32 hearing.
Coombs listed off four reasons that they say independently support but collectively mandate Almanza recuse himself.
For more, here's a full report I just posted.
8:55 AM Bradley Manning is not at the court yet but the press is informed Bradley Manning will be present for all open sessions, even during portions when classified information is discussed in the court.
8:50 AM Hearing is slated to begin at 9 am. The court feed is going right now in the Media Operations Center.
8:40 AM A captain, who asks to be referred to as the legal subject matter, is not a prosecutor in the case but says they will be answering all procedural questions the press has during the hearing. The points are made that this is different from a civilian hearing. There will be no traditional opening statement. The Article 32 officer will begin by talking about why the court is in session and will briefly review charges.
In the beginning, the hearing will likely be closed to determine whether there needs to be a closing of the hearing for classified information during the day. Anytime classified information is being reviewed it can be expected the hearing will be closed for about a half hour. Closing the session to review classified information will happen when the prosecution makes a request and the Article 32 investigative officer determines the hearing should be closed.
8:30 AM This is an investigative hearing, not a trial. There will be no outcome of guilty or not guilty. What this is about is deciding whether there are reasonable grounds to charge and proceed with a court-martial hearing.
Delineations of Fonthill (1823) View of the west and north fronts from John Rutter's(1823)
Cross-section of the Abbey (Rutter, 1823)
The Abbey's hall (Rutter, 1823)
Fonthill Abbey—also known as Beckford's Folly—was a large Gothic revival country house built between 1796 and 1813 at Fonthill Gifford in Wiltshire, England, at the direction of William Thomas Beckford and architect James Wyatt.[1][2] It was built near the site of the Palladian house, later known as Fonthill Splendens, which had been constructed by their father William Beckford. This, in turn, had replaced the Elizabethan house that Beckford the elder had purchased in 1744 and which had been destroyed by fire in 1755. The abbey's main tower collapsed several times, lastly in 1825 damaging the western wing. The entire abbey was later almost completely demolished.
History [ edit ]
Fonthill Abbey was the brainchild of William Thomas Beckford, son of wealthy English plantation owner William Beckford and a student of architect Sir William Chambers, as well as of James Wyatt, architect of the project.
In 1771, when Beckford was ten years old, they inherited £1 million (equivalent to £89,510,000 in 2018)[3] and an income which their contemporaries estimated at around £100,000 per annum, a colossal amount at the time, but which biographers have found to be closer to half of that sum. Newspapers of the period described them as "the richest commoner in England".
They first met William Courtenay (Viscount Courtenay's 11-year-old son) in 1778. A spectacular Christmas party lasting for three days was held for the boy at Fonthill. During this time (c.1782), Beckford began writing Vathek, their most famous novel.[4] In 1784 Beckford was accused by Courtenay's uncle, Alexander Lord Lougborough, of having had an affair with Courtenay.[5] The allegations of misconduct remained unproven, but the scandal was significant enough to require their exile.
Beckford chose exile in the company of their wife, Lady Margaret Gordon, whom they grew to love deeply, but who died in childbirth after the couple had found refuge in Switzerland. Beckford travelled extensively after this tragedy — to France, repeatedly, to Germany, Italy, Spain, and Portugal (the country they favoured above all). Shunned by English society, they nevertheless decided to return to their native country; after enclosing the Fonthill estate in a six-mile long wall (high enough to prevent hunters from chasing foxes and hares on their property), the arch-romantic Beckford decided to have a Gothic cathedral built for their home.
Construction [ edit ]
A plan of the main floor (Rutter, 1823)
Construction of the abbey began in earnest 1796 on Beckford's estate of Fonthill Gifford near Hindon in southern Wiltshire. They hired James Wyatt, one of the most popular and successful architects of the late 18th-century, to lead the works. Wyatt was often accused of spending a good deal of their time on women and drink.[6] Consequently, they also angered many of their clients—including Beckford—because of their all too common absences from client meetings, for a general disregard for supervising the construction works they were in charge of, and for not delivering the promised results in time, with clients accusing them — in certain instances — of years of delay.[6]
Although suffering from a relationship which was at times strained, Beckford and Wyatt engaged in the construction of the abbey. It is clear, however, that Beckford, due to Wyatt's constant absences from the site, and because of the intense personal interest they had in the enterprise, often took on the roles of construction site supervisor, general organiser, and patron, as well as client. Indeed, their biographers and their correspondence indicate that, during Wyatt's prolonged absences, they took it upon themselves to direct the construction of the Abbey, as well as leading the landscaping efforts on their estate.
Furthermore, the evidence suggests that not only was they happy to undertake all of those duties but, as Brockman[7] suggests, must even have lived some of the brightest moments of their adult life managing the gigantic efforts at Fonthill. This is not to say that Wyatt's role in the construction was by any means less than Beckford's. Wyatt had not only designed the building (based on Beckford's ideas), but was ultimately a master at combining the different volumes and scales. By combining different architectural styles and elements, Wyatt achieved a faux effect of layered historical development in the building.
Glass painter Francis Eginton did much work in the building, including thirty-two figures of kings, knights, etc., and many windows, for which Beckford paid them £12,000.
Beckford's 500 labourers worked in day and night shifts. They bribed 450 more from the building of the new royal apartments at Windsor Castle by increasing an ale ration to speed things up. They also commandeered all the local wagons for transportation of building materials. To compensate, Beckford delivered free coal and blankets to the poor in cold weather.
The first part to be built was the tower, which reached about 90 metres (300 ft) before it collapsed. The new tower was finished six years later, again 90 metres tall. It collapsed as well. Beckford immediately started to build another one, this time with stone, and this work was finished in seven years.
Decorations [ edit ]
The abbey part was decorated in silver, gold, red and purple. Four long wings radiated from the octagonal central room. Its front doors were 35 feet (11 m) tall. It was declared finished in 1813.
Use [ edit ]
The approach to the abbey, some 900 metres long and named the Great Western Avenue, ran in a straight line through woodland ENE from the Hindon-Tisbury road. Beckford lived alone in their abbey and used only one of its bedrooms. Their kitchens prepared food for 12 every day, although they always dined alone and sent the surplus food away afterwards. Only once, in 1800, did they entertain guests, when Horatio Nelson and Emma Hamilton visited the abbey for Christmas.
Once they stipulated that they would eat a Christmas dinner only if it were served from the new abbey kitchens, and told their workmen to hurry. The kitchens collapsed as soon as the meal was over.
Beckford lived in Fonthill Abbey until 1822 when they lost two of their Jamaican sugar plantations in a legal action. They were forced to sell it and its contents for £330,000 (equivalent to £29,540,000 in 2018)[3] to arms dealer John Farquhar.[8]
Collapse [ edit ]
Beckford's obsessive haste in erecting the grandiose building, coupled with their wish to achieve heights in the tower which were structurally unsound, and their utilising for this a method of building called "compo-cement" by Wyatt, which consisted of timber stuccoed with cement, led to the eventual collapse of the tower — damaging the western wing of the building too — in 1825. By this time, Beckford had already sold the building. They died in 1844 in Bath.
Remains of Fonthill Abbey – Lancaster Tower and attached ranges, partly rebuilt
The rest of the abbey was demolished c. 1845. Only a small two-storey remnant of the north wing, with a four-storey tower, still stands; this fragment was designated as Grade II* listed in 1966.[9][10] Stone from the site, including windows and carvings, was used in the construction of buildings in nearby Tisbury.[11]
Fonthill New Abbey [ edit ]
The western part of Beckford's estate was later acquired by the 2nd Marquess of Westminster, who had a new Fonthill Abbey built in 1846–52 (Pevsner)[12] or 1856–59 (VCH),[13] some 500 metres southeast of the site of Beckford's abbey. This mansion, designed by William Burn in Scottish Baronial style, was demolished in 1955.
The stable buildings survive in residential use,[14] as do four lodges at estate entrances, built in or around 1860: Tisbury Lodge, south of Fonthill Gifford church, designed in matching Scottish style by Burn;[15] Lawn Lodge, further south along the same road, also by Burn but in plain ashlar;[16] West Gate Lodge, in the southwest of Beckford's estate, in red and yellow brick;[17] and Stone Gate Lodge, at Beckford's western entrance, in the same brick style.[18]
Ornamental stonework also survives in the grounds of the former mansion. Two groups of four statues, representing the four seasons and the four elements, stand among trees southeast of the site; they are thought to have been bought by the Marquess at the Paris Exhibition of 1855 or 1867.[19][20] To the northwest, close to the site of Beckford's abbey, are three decorated urns on plinths, said to be from the same source.[21]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Beckford, William. (2007), Encyclopædia Britannica. Retrieved 8 February 2007, from Encyclopædia Britannica Online.
Further reading [ edit ]
Ostergard, Derek E., ed. (2001). William Beckford 1760-1844: An Eye for the Magnificent. Yale University Press. ISBN 978-0-300-09068-0.
Coordinates:
If you're not familiar with the tool yet, I'd like to introduce you to jq: a lightweight and flexible command-line JSON processor.
The jq tool us super useful to query JSON data at the command line of a Linux (or Mac OSX) machine as a sysadmin.
Installation
Depending on your OS, it's going to be:
# CentOS, Red Hat $ yum install jq # Debian, Ubuntu $ apt-get install jq # Mac with Homebrew $ brew install jq
Usage
I'll be showing you a quick usage with ElasticSearch. It's a service that has, for this demo, a very simple HTTP call you can make that returns a JSON response.
Here's the raw data:
$ curl -s -XGET 'http://localhost:9200/_cluster/health?pretty=true' { "cluster_name" : "your_cluster_name", "status" : "yellow", "timed_out" : false, "number_of_nodes" : 1, "number_of_data_nodes" : 1, "active_primary_shards" : 10, "active_shards" : 10, "relocating_shards" : 0, "initializing_shards" : 0, "unassigned_shards" : 10 }
We get a nicely formatted JSON reply. Sure, you can grep , sed and awk this output and get the values you want, but there's a cleaner solution out there, called jq . Whether it's simpeler depends entirely on you and what you're more comfortable with.
If I want the output of the "status" key and want to see its value, I can do this with jq :
$ curl -s -XGET 'http://localhost:9200/_cluster/health?pretty=true' | jq -s .[0].status "yellow"
Let's break it down a bit:
jq : the binary you just installed
: the binary you just installed -s : read the input stream (the curl before the pipe) and process it as a whole
: read the input stream (the curl before the pipe) and process it as a whole .[0].status : process the entire response ( . ), take the first element from the JSON array ( .0 ) and give me the status key ( .status )
Right from the beginning, the January 6 episode of CNN‘s Crossfire sounded like a bad idea. Here's the announcement that aired at the top of the show:
How far below zero does it have to get to cool off the global warming debate?
To make things clearer, the top of the show announcement continued:
This week's historic cold brings out the skeptics. Will it put the climate change debate in the deep freeze?
But while cold weather might “bring out” climate change deniers, it was CNN that decided to put one on Crossfire, creating a familiar–and false— “balance” between those who accept climate science and those who do not.
That “debate” was between Navin Nayak of the League of Conservation Voters and the Heritage Foundation's David Kreutzer.
To their credit, CNN‘s host from the left, Van Jones, attempted to put the debate in a more appropriate context:
I agree with you that we should have a debate, but we should not be debating whether global warming is real, whether it's caused by humans…. We should be debating what to do about it, not debating whether it's happening.
But that's hard to do when the show was evidently structured to have that very debate, especially when right-wing host Newt Gingrich was busy making erroneous claims about the so-called pause in global warming: “As for the alarmist claim that global temperatures would rise for the foreseeable future, temperatures have flat-lined for the past 16 years.” That's misleading, but when the point of a segment is to frame a discussion about climate change around the notion that a cold snap suggests the overwhelming scientific consensus might be wrong, it can hardly be anything else.
At times, Kreutzer attempted to shift the discussion towards a different point–yes, global warming is real, but the scientists can't know that the repercussions will be all that bad. But then they say something like, “They have a zillion models that can explain everything except the lack of warming in the past 15 years.” Actually, while scientists do have a pretty good grasp of what causes short-term fluctuations in surface temperatures, the more important point is that the long-term trend remains steadily upward–with the first decade of the 21st century showing the biggest decade-to-decade warming since accurate temperatures have been measured.
Kreutzer also went to some length to claim that sea ice growth challenges the scientific model, though actual scientists would tell you otherwise. The discussion was, at best, muddled–which is exactly what the fossil fuel-funded climate denial movement wants.
But one of the most interesting things about all of this is watching Gingrich play the role of climate denier. Once upon a time–in 2008, to be exact–he was appearing in a TV commercial alongside Democrat Nancy Pelosi, declaring the need to do something to address climate change. A few years later, as a Republican presidential contender, Gingrich wasn't even sure there was such a crisis (Bloomberg, 12/1/11). It's their current job to represent their principles–whatever they might happen to be this year.
In any event, when the inevitable heat waves hit this summer, will Crossfire be doing shows wondering whether it's time to stop listening to climate skeptics?
The recent controversy over insurance coverage for contraception has vividly made the point that feminists have argued for years. The culture wars over reproductive rights never have been primarily about fetal personhood, the right to life, or now, religious freedom: they have always been about the control of women's bodies and sexuality.
In their comments to the Senate during President Bill Clinton's impeachment trial, Dale Bumpers noted that “H.L. Mencken said one time, ‘When you hear somebody say, ‘This is not about money,' it's about money.' And when you hear somebody say, ‘This is not about sex,' it's about sex.” The recent controversy over insurance coverage for contraception has vividly made the point that feminists have argued for years. The culture wars over reproductive rights never have been primarily about “fetal person-hood,” the right to life, or now, religious freedom: they have always been about the control of women's bodies and sexuality.
In the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, when numerous states, and most western countries passed and more aggressively enforced laws against birth control and abortion, male legislators felt no need to pretend these laws were about anything other than controlling women's sexuality, or harnessing their wombs in the service of the state.
The Comstock Act of 1873 took the issue to the federal level, and defined any information about contraception or abortion as “obscene” and “illicit”—it was this law that Margaret Sanger put to the test by disseminating information on birth control. In1920, French legislators criminalized birth control, prohibited all distribution, advertisement, and promotion of female contraceptives, and stiffened penalties for abortion. The French pro-natalist campaign had emerged in the wake of France's defeat in the 1870-71 Franco-Prussian war. Consequently, politicians linked the issue of birth control with those of morality, national strength, economic growth, and protection of the family.
Feminists such as Nelly Roussel, who tried to decouple sexuality from maternity, could not persuade the public that “voluntary motherhood” was preferable to coerced motherhood. Historian Elinor Accampo quotes a conservative newspaper editor who denounced Roussel in tones reminiscent of Rush Limbaugh's recent attack on Sandra Fluke, writing that “these sorts of viragos, unsexed women who saturate literature and modern politics . . . mount their pens like they would mount a broom to go to a midnight orgy. Sterile or scorned, they avenge their disgrace by insulting Nature.”
Get the facts, direct to your inbox. Subscribe to our daily or weekly digest. SUBSCRIBE
In the American context, until Roe vs. Wade, restrictions on both birth control and abortion were most often linked to arguments about the selfishness of women, the danger of rewarding the wages of sin, eugenics, and the need to control female sexuality. The changes in women's status that both led to and resulted from greater reproductive freedom made it more difficult for opponents of reproductive rights to explicitly continue this line of attack. Hence a new focus in the 1970s and 1980s on the fetus as an innocent being, separate from the woman carrying it.
Pro-life activists also concentrated on the sexually active teenage girl, enacting new laws that would enhance parental control over their daughters' sexual behavior. Institutions affiliated with the Catholic and other churches fought for “conscience clauses” that permit them to deny reproductive services they find offensive, while pharmacy employees claimed the right to refuse to sell items that violate their beliefs. However, as both Rosalind Petchesky and Rickie Solinger have made clear, ideas about how “proper women” should behave, both sexually and as mothers, still shape reproductive politics in the United States. Access to contraception and abortion represent the “emancipated woman,” more focused on their education and work than on family and child rearing. Rick Santorum made this connection explicit in recent comments, although they have tried to draw back from its implications in the face of outrage from even conservative women.
In recent years, the political right has tried to separate the issues of abortion and contraception, condemning abortion loudly while at the same time working quietly to make access to birth control more difficult and expensive. At the same time, in their rhetoric, they have tried to conflate birth control and abortion in the public's mind—for example, in the case of Plan B. The recent insurance controversy has linked those two issues, but not to the advantage of pro-life and anti-contraception forces. Suddenly, women have been forced to confront the fact that the right even to birth control, which they considered long settled, is more fragile than they realized.
Since many continue to oppose a sexually active woman's right to choose whether they become or remains pregnant, this debate will continue. But those who wish to make the case against reproductive rights should not be allowed to portray themselves simply as defenders of religious freedom or person-hood, or as desirous of giving women more information, as in the case of Virginia's recently passed and medically suspect ultrasound law. They should publicly acknowledge that they believe that church and state have more compelling rights over a woman's body then they do herself, and that the state has the right to endanger a woman's health in the interest of controlling their sexual behavior. I'm not sure that's a case that most legislators would care to make openly.
src
dest
length
srcPos
srcPos+length-1
destPos
destPos+length-1
If the src and dest arguments refer to the same array object, then the copying is performed as if the components at positions srcPos through srcPos+length-1 were first copied to a temporary array with length components and then the contents of the temporary array were copied into positions destPos through destPos+length-1 of the destination array.
If dest is null , then a NullPointerException is thrown.
If src is null , then a NullPointerException is thrown and the destination array is not modified.
Otherwise, if any of the following is true, an ArrayStoreException is thrown and the destination is not modified:
The src argument refers to an object that is not an array.
argument refers to an object that is not an array. The dest argument refers to an object that is not an array.
argument refers to an object that is not an array. The src argument and dest argument refer to arrays whose component types are different primitive types.
argument and argument refer to arrays whose component types are different primitive types. The src argument refers to an array with a primitive component type and the dest argument refers to an array with a reference component type.
argument refers to an array with a primitive component type and the argument refers to an array with a reference component type. The src argument refers to an array with a reference component type and the dest argument refers to an array with a primitive component type.
Otherwise, if any of the following is true, an IndexOutOfBoundsException is thrown and the destination is not modified:
The srcPos argument is negative.
argument is negative. The destPos argument is negative.
argument is negative. The length argument is negative.
argument is negative. srcPos+length is greater than src.length , the length of the source array.
is greater than , the length of the source array. destPos+length is greater than dest.length , the length of the destination array.
Otherwise, if any actual component of the source array from position srcPos through srcPos+length-1 cannot be converted to the component type of the destination array by assignment conversion, an ArrayStoreException is thrown. In this case, let k be the smallest nonnegative integer less than length such that src[srcPos+ k ] cannot be converted to the component type of the destination array; when the exception is thrown, source array components from positions srcPos through srcPos+ k -1 will already have been copied to destination array positions destPos through destPos+ k -1 and no other positions of the destination array will have been modified. (Because of the restrictions already itemized, this paragraph effectively applies only to the situation where both arrays have component types that are reference types.)
NEW DELHI: Testing blood sugar levels will now take just about a minute, cost less than Rs 2 and require 1,000 times lesser blood than what glucose meters currently use.In what will be a real boon for a majority of India's 61 million diabetics, many of whom have to constantly check their blood sugar levels, Indian scientists have answered the need for a low cost superfast diabetes testing device. The test, created by scientists from BITS Pilani, has passed the final evaluation conducted by the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR).The evaluation was supervised by a panel of experts, including the director general of ICMR, where it was confirmed that the test and diagnostic tool actually works.The prototype of India's indigenous glucometer will be ready by December, and will then be tested in a month-long multi-centre efficacy study in various labs before being transferred for mass production to the market.The health ministry has long been promising the development of the elusive Rs 5 diabetic testing chip. Now, it seems it will cost even lesser. The team is also applying for a patent on the technology.Suman Kapur, chief developer of the diagnostic tool, said the testing and results will take less than 10 seconds. “The whole procedure from finger pricking to loading the blood sample to the results may take up to a minute.”Kapur, who is a professor of biological sciences at BITS-Pilani, said, “The final evaluation took place on August 6 and we have been given the go-ahead to create the prototype which will be ready latest by December. Most such devices need to undergo multi-centre trials. So once the prototype is delivered, ICMR will commission studies in various labs to confirm the technology. Once through, we will either produce the machine ourselves or transfer the technology to a third party for mass production and introduction into the market.”Interestingly, the latest test will not require repeated use of testing strips. This low-cost rapid test will be a boon for India which plans to test five crore people for diabetes by the end of this year. India plans to screen all adult males above 30 years of age and pregnant women of all age groups for diabetes and hypertension in 100 districts across 21 states.Kapur said, “Our device is as handy as a glucometer but with a different chemistry.”
DPP rules out appealing against Gilham acquittal
Updated
The New South Wales Director of Public Prosecutions has announced they will not appeal against a decision to acquit Sydney man Jeffrey Gilham of the stabbing murder of their parents.
On Monday the state's Court of Criminal Appeal ruled Mr Gilham be acquitted over the 1993 murders of Helen and Stephen Gilham in their home in Sydney's south at Woronora.
The three-judge panel was split in its decision, with Justice Peter McClellan believing Mr Gilham should face a retrial.
DPP Lloyd Babb SC has now directed that there will be no appeal in the matter.
Mr Gilham has always maintained their brother Christopher Gilham committed the murders and tried to burn down the family home.
Jeffrey Gilham pleaded guilty to their brother's manslaughter in 1995 and was given a five-year good behaviour bond for it.
They said they killed their brother by stabbing them 17 times after discovering the crime scene.
Mr Gilham was convicted of murdering their parents in 2009 and given two life sentences, but their release was ordered in December last year after issues were raised about forensic evidence presented to the jury.
Topics: courts-and-trials, law-crime-and-justice, murder-and-manslaughter, crime, sydney-2000, nsw, australia
First posted
Lowest Ratings SORT BY: | The Highest Ratings 180 Reviews. Average Rating: 4.7 of 5 Stars! 5 stars: 87% (155 of 180) 4 stars: 7% (11 of 180) 3 stars: 4% (8 of 180) 2 stars: 1% (2 of 180) 1 star: 2% (4 of 180) Display All Reviews By: Michael L on 06/29/2017 Rating: 4 of 5 Stars!
This has been one of my truck guns. Form and function was perfect Reviewed By: Michael M on 02/14/2017 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
This police trade in had the expected holster wear since it was a used police handgun, otherwise seems like brand new to be, fun to shoot, but the revolver is more iconic too me. Reviewed By: Jerry C on 05/13/2016 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
Sorry so late with review. I have tremendously enjoyed this revolver sinc purchase in 2012. It is one of my favorite hand guns. Thanks. Reviewed By: Mark B on 04/01/2016 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
Buds is the best could not be happier with the s&w Reviewed By: Jakob D on 02/21/2016 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
Gun came and is in wonderful shape. A couple pits, no big deal. And some nice holster wear that gives a little character. Reviewed By: Keith J on 02/10/2016 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
Great Product! Took it to the range and could not be happier. I did take almost 2 weeks but I am glad I have it. I would buy another if they were available. Reviewed By: Robert R on 02/08/2016 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
Very pleased with my purchase here! It took 10 days from order placement to shipment, but factoring in the Christmas holiday weekend, I'm not complaining. This was my first online purchase of a fire arm, and the process went smoothly, start to finish. The gun itself is in very good shape. When I placed my order, I requested a heavy barrel with wooden grips if possible, and I got what I asked for. I don't know if I just got lucky there or if they worked to fulfill my request, but I'm happy. It has a VPA asset tag, indicating that it came from the Victoria Police Armoury in Australia, which I think is pretty cool. There are obvious signs of holster wear, and the condition of the right side makes it clear that it was carried by a right-handed person. I don't know if the grips are original S&W because they don't have the logo, but they look original in every other aspect. There were a couple of small rust spots, one on the barrel and one on the hammer, but most of that came off after rubbing with just a piece of dry felt. Mecahnics are solid: The trigger pull is smooth and everything locks up tight in the right places. I will say that the one that I received looks a little better than the one in the picture that they posted. I've toyed with the idea of sending it to S&W to have it reblued, but that means losing the VPA asset tag, and I'm not sure I want to do that. I like it's law enforcement history. Anyway, overall a good experience and I'd happily buy from Bud's again. Reviewed By: Emily W on 02/02/2016 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
This was my first purchase from Bud's and I have to say that I am more than please. Gun arrived on time and in great working condition. This model 10 is everything I expected. Will definitely be making more purchases. Reviewed By: Mark R on 01/28/2016 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
Nice condition, my second Police trade in Model 10 purchased from Buds. Great shooter. Classic. Reviewed By: George S on 01/24/2016 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
I've lost count how many purchases I've made from Bud's online or at the store in Lexington. Suffice it to say, the service and communication are top-notch every time. Concerning this S&W Model 10 (Not my first or only SW revolver): I received a 10-8 produced in 1977. It shows a lot of holster wear - worn bluing and scratched wood. It does not look like it's been shot all that much - good bore and tight. I took it to the range yesterday and it is as accurate as a 40 year-old revolver with a 3" barrel will ever be. I'll touch up the bluing and I bought some Hogue grips. For well under $400 I will have a S&W probably worth more than that and a good shooter. I plan to put thousands of rounds through this on the range. If you like an old school 'Murcan steel wheel gun, this is a fantastic value. Show More Reviews
License plates can be great ways for states to show off their history, but as Oklahoma has realized, they can create some drama, too. In this case, Keith Cressman is attempting to sue the state over the depiction of the " Sacred Arrow Rain " sculpture used on the official Oklahoma license plates.This sculpture shows a Native American warrior shooting an arrow at the sky in the hopes of a rain god bringing rain, and Cressman, who is identified as a Christian, feels this is a violation of their First Amendment rights because they are forced either to display an image they find offensive or pay extra money for a plate they find more acceptable. The state does issue an " In God We Trust " license plate, but at an initial cost of $18 and an annual renewal fee of $16.50).Cressman's case was originally dismissed in 2012 at the district court level, but that dismissal was reversed earlier this week by the 10th US Circuit Court of Appeals because it felt the license plate constituted an act of compelled speech. Thus, the case itself is far from decided, but Mr. Cressman has now been granted permission to pursue it.Of course, license plates are no stranger to controversy, particularly when it comes to people being offended by what's on them. Offense is most often generated by vanity plates that display something others don't want to read, like the case of this bean-curd-loving Tennessee woman who wasn't allowed to display a plate reading "ILOVETOFU," or this Georgian man whose gay pride was too hot for the state to handle. Rarer, though, are cases like Cressman's in which the state itself comes under fire for what's on a license plate, but it's not unheard of – Mississippi came under fire in 2011 for just considering a license plate honoring controversial KKK leader and Confederate General Nathan Bedford Forrest.
Turkish army tanks make their way toward the Syrian border town of Jarablus, Syria August 24, 2016.
Kurdish-backed rebels fought Turkish tanks in northern Syria on Saturday, as Ankara ratcheted up its cross-border offensive by launching airstrikes on Kurdish forces.
A Turkish soldier was killed and three others were wounded in a rocket attack on a tank fired from territory held by the Kurdish YPG militia, Turkish military sources said. The soldier's death is the first reported fatality on the Turkish side since the military began its so-called Euphrates Shield operation in Syria on Wednesday.
Syrian rebels opposed to Ankara's incursion said Turkish forces had targeted forces allied to the YPG and no Kurdish forces were in the area.
The Turkish-backed Nour el-din el-Zinki rebel group said fighters advanced on the village of Youssef Beik that lies southwest of Jarablus - a town they recently seized from ISIS militants - in a bid to wrestle control of the surrounding Kurdish-held territory.
This picture taken from the Turkish Syrian border city of Karkamis on August 24, 2016 shows smoke following air strikes by a Turkish Army jet fighter on the Syrian Turkish border village of Jarabulus. Bulent Kilic, AFP
The rebel group seized the village from Kurdish-affiliated forces and claimed to have captured two Kurdish fighters.
A spokesperson of the Kurdish militias also said that forces allied with the Kurds were battling Turkish tanks south of Jarablus.
The latest clashes highlight concerns that Turkey's incursion into Syria was likely to raise the potential for an all-out confrontation between Syrian rebel groups and Kurdish forces, which are both American allies.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
Earlier on Saturday, Turkish security sources said two F-16 jets bombed a site controlled by the Kurdish YPG militia, which is part of the broader U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces coalition. The sources also said the jets hit six ISIS targets.
Turkey's military didn't specify what the airstrikes hit, saying only that "terror groups" were targeted south of the village of Jarablus, where the clashes later ensued.
skip - Jarablus map
Saturday's use of warplanes against what Turkey said was a Kurdish YPG militia target highlights its determination to prevent any Kurdish territorial expansion in north Syria.
Any action against Kurdish forces in Syria puts Turkey at odds with its NATO allies the United States, which backs the SDF and YPG, seeing them as the most reliable and effective ally in the fight against Islamic State in Syria.
It adds complexity to the Syrian conflict that erupted five years ago with an uprising against Syrian President Bashar Assad and has since drawn in regional states and world powers.
'Dangerous escalation'
The Jarablus Military Council, part of the SDF, had said earlier on Saturday that Turkish planes hit the village of al-Amarna south of Jarablus, causing civilian casualties. It called the action "a dangerous escalation".
The Kurdish-led administration that controls parts of northern Syria said Turkish tanks advanced on al-Amarna and clashed with forces of the Jarablus Military Council. But the Kurdish administration said no Kurdish forces were involved.
However, the leader of one Turkey-backed rebel group gave a rival account. They told Reuters the rebels battled the Kurdish YPG around al-Amarna and denied any Turkish tanks took part.
Turkish security forces simply said Turkish-backed forces had extended their control to five villages beyond Jarablus.
A video released by Turkey's military showed the Turkish Red Crescent distributing food and aid to people in Jarablus, with the help of Turkish troops. It also showed what appeared to be Turkish-backed rebels flicking v-for-victory signs in the town.
The newly formed Jarablus Military Council has said it was made up of people from the area with the aim of capturing the town and the surrounding region from Islamic State militants. However, the Turkish-backed rebels seized Jarablus first.
Several militias under the SDF banner pledged support to Jarablus Military Council after it reported the Turkish bombing.
The Northern Sun Battalion, an SDF faction, said in a statement it was heading to "Jarablus fronts" to help the council against "threats made by factions belonging to Turkey".
Tension has mounted in Syria's Aleppo region in the past year between the U.S-backed Kurdish YPG force and its allies on one hand and Turkish-backed rebel groups on the other. The two sides have clashed on several occasions.
This article is over 1 year old
Breakaway Liberal senator pounces on lack of resolution over ‘snowflake-protecting' Racial Discrimination Act to reinforce their new party's commitment to free speech
The breakaway Liberal senator Cory Bernardi is using the failure of a parliamentary committee to recommend changes to 18C of the Racial Discrimination Act as a recruitment drive for their new Australian Conservatives movement.
Bernardi, who led the renewed push inside the Liberal party to overhaul 18C immediately after last year's federal election, before parting ways with the government this year, has pounced on the lack of resolution from the committee process.
In their weekly email missive to supporters, Bernardi declared it was time to take a stand. “This snowflake-protecting, damaging ideology and its proponents are hurting our country,” the South Australian senator wrote.
Cory Bernardi invites Tony Abbott to join Australian Conservatives Read more
“The 18C scandal takes on new importance as identity politics and the competing rights agenda are used by the left to undermine civil society.
“The fact that a number of members of the committee couldn't break out of that nexus suggests that the PC infection has contaminated swathes of the Liberal party too.
“If the political class won't support freedom of speech what will they support? What other of your freedoms will they limit to make their already-cosy lives easier?”
Bernardi says Australian Conservatives is committed to taking the free speech message up to the “political class”, and notes “thousands of people have already joined the movement, determined to change politics”.
They note that founding memberships are open until 7 March.
On Tuesday the parliament's human rights committee tabled a bipartisan report after a three-month public inquiry floating 22 options for the Turnbull government to consider – but the new report stops short of making specific recommendations on legislative changes to the RDA because the committee members could not reach consensus.
The lack of a settled roadmap puts the ball firmly back in the prime minister's court, and will ensure that the rolling controversy over the RDA returns both to the cabinet and the Coalition party room for a third significant phase of debate.
Liberal infighting begins after 18C report fails to suggest major changes to race hate laws Read more
Backbenchers have already resumed the government's long-running internal argument, with the Liberal party's right faction arguing in favour of legislative change to 18C, and party moderates arguing the only change necessary to the current regime is procedural.
Senior ministers have moved to play down the need for urgent action on 18C. On Wednesday, the treasurer, Scott Morrison, said reforming 18C would not create jobs or make housing more affordable.
“I'm focused on people's wages, I'm focused on people's investment and I know this issue doesn't create one job, doesn't open one business, doesn't give anyone one extra hour, it doesn't reduce the cost or make housing more affordable or energy more affordable,” Morrison said.
The foreign affairs minister, Julie Bishop, told reporters the resolution of the 18C issue was a matter for discussion in the cabinet and party room.
They said reforming 18C was an issue “rarely raised” in their electorate, and they were focused on “presenting a foreign policy white paper to protect our interests around the world as an open, liberal democracy based on human rights, the rule of law, institutions and an export-oriented market economy”.
Beyond 18C: six barriers to freedom of speech in Australia Read more
The Labor leader, Bill Shorten, used a statement to parliament to echo Morrison's formulation about changes to 18C not making any positive contribution to job creation. “Giving a green light to racism won't solve the traffic jams in the great suburbs of Australia,” they said. “It will not help pensioners pay for their bills.”
Shorten declared the 18C debate was a metaphor for the Turnbull government: “Divided down the middle, two camps, and no one in charge.”
They said Turnbull should rule out the “right to be a bigot, once and for all”.
Union food processing minister and Bathinda member of Parliament from Bathinda Harsimrat Kaur Badal said Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) national convener Arvind Kejriwal was a “king cobra” and was “biting” their party leaders to become Punjab chief minister.
The Akali MP, who was in Mansa on Saturday to inaugurate rural sewa kendras, said: “Kejriwal's next target will be Sangrur MP Bhagwant Mann as they are aiming at the CM's chair and will keep suspending Punjab leaders of their party,” said she.
Also read | Punjab, polls, crime and its currency: The contest of crores
Harsimrat had earlier termed the AAP “seasonal frog” that often makes noise after coming out of hibernation. Over reports of Bhagwant Mann being miffed with the AAP, they said the Sangrur MP was already in touch with Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi and soon truth will be out in the open.
Criticising Punjab Congress chief Captain Amarinder Singh, they said they would betray voters of Amritsar, who had reposed faith in them in the Lok Sabha elections, as they want to contest assembly elections from Patiala.
Regarding the alleged derogatory remarks by SAD MLA Virsa Singh Valtoha against the Dalits in the Punjab Vidhan Sabha, Harsimrat said: “The Opposition allegations are baseless and out of frustration as it has nothing to show against the SAD-BJP government. The opposition leaders are running short of public issues to be discussed in the assembly.”
Later, addressing a gathering in Bathinda, they said “morally and financially” corrupt AAP leaders were indulging in malpractices and looting people. “The AAP is a pack of liars, who are hell bent to misguide the people of Punjab,” they said.
“In the hour of crisis, when people of Delhi are facing severe dengue and chikungunya outbreak, not only the CM but also deputy chief minister and other ministers are on foreign jaunts,” they said.
First Published: Sep 18, 2016 12:25 IST
HIVESWAP: Act 1 goes live on the Steam and Humble Store at 2PM EDT!
At 12PM EDT, Kickstarter backers will begin receiving their download emails. Humble Bundle is processing these backer emails manually, and they're very good at what they do, so it won't be long before you receive yours.
As you'll see detailed in your email, every backer can choose between a Steam key or a DRM-free Humble version of HIVESWAP: Act 1 and, depending on backer level, the soundtrack. These keys can be entered as soon as you get them, although HIVESWAP: Act 1 will not be playable until the stated 2PM EDT release time.
Just a reminder, physical copies of the complete HIVESWAP will be distributed after all four acts are released.
For any further questions or concerns, please feel free to email inquiries@whatpumpkin.com
Last year, DM told you about a marvelous children's book called What Every Child Needs To Know About Punk Rock . In that post I mused a bit at how odd it was, given that punk has been identifiably a thing for roughly 40 years, that there weren't more books explaining that musical/cultural/fashion phenomenon to kids—there are, after all, members of early punk bands who now have grandchildren, and there've long been punk band onesies for the offspring (sorry) of the conspicuously hip.
Well, it looks like something IS stirring in those waters after all, because now there's the wonderful What Is Punk? published by Akashic, the imprint owned by former Soulside/GVSB bassist Johnny Temple. Akashic became widely known among normals a few years back for the amazing kid lit parody Go the Fuck to Sleep , and have been in the pages of DM before for their publication of The Jesus Lizard Book and David Yow's Copycat . While What Every Child Needs To Know About Punk Rock was co-written by a child development specialist and focused on DIY culture and rebellion against capitalist norms, “What is Punk?” is a different beast altogether, a whimsical primer on that movement's early history written in verse by Eric Morse, a writer and publicist who in the oughts founded Trampoline House magazine.
Once upon a time,
there was a deafening roar,
that awakened the people,
like never before. With their eyes open wide
they shouted in fear,
“What new sound is this?”
and covered their ears. IT WAS PUNK.
But the fine job Morse did in simplifying the origins of punk into iambs is actually kind of dwarfed by the terrific Play-Doh sculptures that illustrate the book. Those were crafted by Anny Yi, whose animated video for Tijuana Panthers was some of the most fun shit you didn't see last summer. Just watch it. I'll wait.
In addition to marvelous clay figures of seminal figures like the Sex Pistols and Ramones (her Tumblr is named “Hey Ho Let's Doh,” so she's clearly a fan), Yi also created tableaux of the Clash, the facade of CBGB, and most wonderfully, Iggy Pop's famous 1970 crowd-surfing stunt. Clicking on an image spawns a readable enlargement.
Images: Eric Morse and Anny Yi, courtesy of Akashic Books
Previously on Dangerous Minds:
Cat Scratch Jesus Lizard: David Yow channels their inner B. Kliban
David Yow talks to Dangerous Minds about ‘The Jesus Lizard: Book'
'What Every Child Needs To Know About Punk Rock' is a real children's book that actually exists
Some 153,000 migrants arrived on Italy's shores in 2015, while a total of 70,930 landed between January and June, Italy's Interior Ministry said earlier this month.
The country has struggled to find accommodation, meeting staunch opposition from some regional authorities. Its French, Swiss and Austrian neighbours have also tightened borders.
Under the new plan, the full details of which are yet to be ironed-out, each host town or city participating in the Sprar (protection for refugees and asylum seekers) programme will accommodate two or three migrants for every 1,000 residents, La Stampa reported.
Some 800 local authorities are so far involved in the project, which is funded by the Interior Ministry through the National Fund for Asylum Policy and Service.
Each authority would be given financial incentives while rules governing the hiring of staff to help assist and integrate migrants would be relaxed, La Stampa said.
The aim of the plan is to get more authorities on board and encourage a more equal distribution of migrants, while alleviating the pressure on larger cities and accommodating people in less-populated areas.
“To date, immigration has been well-governed, but the numbers are exceeding a governable threshold,” Piero Fassino, the former mayor of Turin who was made president of the National Association of Italian Municipalities last week, said.
“If it is not addressed in time then this problem threatens to overwhelm us.”
Some 22,300, or eight percent, of asylum seekers across the EU applied for refugee status in Italy in the first quarter of 2016, figures released by Eurostat in June showed.
Germany led the way, with 175,000 registering for asylum during the quarter, followed by Italy (22,300), France (18,000), Austria (13,900) and the UK (10,100).
AS They struggle to realise a Palestinian state, pressures are mounting on Mahmoud Abbas, the Palestinians' ageing president. They come from among their own people. Their erstwhile security chief, Muhammad Dahlan, has turned on their former master, accusing them of complicity in poisoning their predecessor, Yasser Arafat, of promoting their two sons to the pinnacle of a kleptocracy and of throwing Palestine's future away by engaging in futile negotiations with Israel. Senior Palestinian intelligence men have joined Mr Dahlan's side. So, too, have powerful sponsors in the United Arab Emirates' royal court and among Egypt's generals, who see Mr Dahlan as the leader of the Palestinian flank in their regional war on the Muslim Brotherhood.
Mr Abbas's loyalists emblazon the front pages of Palestine's press with banners pledging support, but Mr Abbas looks increasingly irked. When they assembled 120 senior people for a pep-talk on March 10th, a week before they were to meet Barack Obama in Washington, they devoted over half of their speech to denouncing Mr Dahlan. They accused them of feeding Mr Arafat poisoned pills, acting as Israel's informant in a spate of assassinations and surrendering Palestine's seaside enclave of Gaza to the Islamist movement, Hamas, in a botched military campaign in 2007. To ward off the risk of a coup, Mr Abbas recently cut the pay of around 100 pro-Dahlan men in their security forces, and set up a star-chamber to purge the ranks of their own Fatah movement.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Mr Abbas had already chased Mr Dahlan out of Palestine and expelled them from Fatah in June 2011, but from their seat in Abu Dhabi their rival refuses to fade. On March 16th, the night before Mr Abbas's White House meeting, Mr Dahlan appeared on Egyptian satellite television, promising to challenge Mr Abbas on their return. In recent days gunmen have opened fire on the homes of Mr Abbas's security advisers and ministers in the Palestinians' administrative capital, Ramallah; they have also challenged Mr Abbas's representatives in Jordan's Palestinian refugee camps and killed a senior Abbas man in Lebanon.
Mr Abbas's Western-trained security forces have so far proved adroit at curbing unrest and rounding up troublemakers, at least in the West Bank's city centres. But they are less able to thwart another of Mr Dahlan's game-plans: staging a comeback in Hamas-ruled Gaza, where they were born. Desperate to lift the grinding siege still imposed on them by both Egypt and Israel, Gaza's Islamists are said to have offered their old foe a deal: use your close ties with Egypt's generals to reopen the border between Gaza and Egypt, and we will let you return. As a sweetener, they have freed seven of Mr Dahlan's men from prison.
Mr Abbas abolished parliament seven years ago and has since ruled by decree as a supposedly benign dictator with barely a semblance of accountability. Their own four-year term expired in 2009. Though 78, they have refused to appoint a deputy, leaving loyalists as well as foes jostling for the succession. Set against Mr Abbas's white hair and plodding demeanour, 53-year-old Mr Dahlan, with their black locks, looks young and dynamic. Without elections to decide Palestine's leadership, the succession battle may take other, more brutal forms.
They said the United States' allies do not have the confidence the U.S. has a real strategy to prevent North Korea from continuing to provoke nations and expand its nuclear and missile programs.
"We really need to get into the diplomatic track more aggressively than we have been so far," they said in an interview with "Closing Bell."
While the U.S. has said it prefers a diplomatic solution, Trump has previously left the door open for all options. Earlier this month, the president promised "fire and fury like the world has never seen" if North Korea continued to threaten the U.S. and its allies.
Rubin said North Korea was testing the limits with its latest move.
"This is North Korea doing what North Korea often does. However, what's different this time is that they have technical capacity that many analysts did not think they were going to achieve so quickly."
They called the policy of the last 15 years "failed" and said there needs to be a broader diplomatic policy than just asking China to intervene.
John Merrill, former chief of the Northeast Asia division of the bureau of intelligence and research at the State Department, said North Korea is getting frustrated with U.S. policy, which is based entirely on sanctions.
"People sometimes forget that sanctions carried to an extreme can sometimes get us into real trouble," they told "Closing Bell," pointing to the oil and scrap metal embargo on Japan in the early 1940s.
"When they felt that their economy was being choked they responded with a military attack on Pearl Harbor. So that's the danger with sanctions, they can be carried too far," they said.
— CNBC's Jacob Pramuk contributed to this report.
Share. How is this not on PC yet? How is this not on PC yet?
Square Enix's Final Fantasy IV received a PEGI rating today and appears to be coming to PC.
The listing also shows a PC release date of September 17, 2014.
First spotted on Twitter, PEGI, or the Pan European Game Information, rated the classic Japanese role-playing game a 12 for “non realistic looking violence towards human characters” and “mild bad language”.
Exit Theatre Mode
PEGI is a European rating system for parents that functions similarly to the United States' Entertainment Software Ratings Board, or ESRB, which just happened to turn 20 years old today.
Final Fantasy IV, originally known as Final Fantasy II on the SNES in the US, has been rereleased numerous times over the years. Most notably, the game was remade in 3D for Nintendo DS in 2008, and an enhanced version of that 3D version was released on mobile platforms in 2012. The PC version is likely to use this 3D engine rather than the classic 2D graphics.
IGN's Final Fantasy VI DS review was quite positive on the improvements made to the classic; our review of the Final Fantasy IV Complete Collection on PSP from the year prior was an even stronger endorsement. Either version could be welcomed on PC no matter the age of the original material.
It remains to be seen if the date listed is a European only release date since no announcement has been made for a US release of the game.
Michael Martin is a freelance writer from Seattle who is hopelessly addicted to pop culture t-shirts. Send help on Twitter.
The police have suggested robbery as a motive, but other theories have also circulated, including identity theft and, perhaps more chilling, simply a desire to kill. The perpetrators appeared to be looking for loners who would not be missed.
Photo
Law enforcement officials have arrested two suspects, Richard J. Beasley, 52, of Akron and Brogan Rafferty, 16, a high school student from nearby Stow. Mr. Beasley, who has a long criminal record, has not been charged in connection with the killings yet but is being held on other charges, including 15 counts of promoting prostitution and also selling the painkiller OxyContin. On Thursday, sources said that the federal government had filed kidnapping and wire fraud charges in connection with the Craigslist case. (The F.B.I. would confirm only that it had issued a hold to keep Mr. Beasley incarcerated.)
Mr. Beasley appeared in court on the drug charge on Thursday, and on Friday they are to be arraigned on the prostitution charges.
Mr. Rafferty has been charged with the attempted murder of Scott Davis, 48, of South Carolina, the aggravated murder of David Pauley, 51, of Norfolk , Va., and two counts of complicity in those crimes. Prosecutors want the teenager, a tall youth who towered over the police officers escorting them from the courthouse in Caldwell this week, to be tried as an adult, something that is virtually routine in Ohio for crimes this serious. Judge John W. Nau of Noble County Common Pleas Court has issued a gag order in the case; they will take up the issue on Dec. 15.
Photo
Neither suspect has been charged in the murders of the other victims, Timothy Kern, 47, of Massillon, Ohio, whose body was found last week buried near a mall in Akron, and the unidentified man, whose body was found on the rural property in Noble County, where officials also found Mr. Pauley's body on Nov. 14.
In a phone interview, Carol Beasley, Mr. Beasley's mother, insisted that their son was innocent, and said that they had spent hundreds of hours in charitable work, like taking food to the poor, and had taken Mr. Rafferty — “a nice young man” — under their wing. “We never saw anything in Richard that was violent,” said Ms. Beasley, a retired secretary at Buchtel High School in Akron. “I hope the courts will see the truth.”
Yvette Rafferty, Mr. Rafferty's mother, has said that if they were involved, they must have been in thrall to Mr. Beasley, a family friend. Ms. Rafferty, a striking woman, tall and rail thin, paced in front of the courthouse in Caldwell on Tuesday, waiting for a chance to talk to them son.
Photo
“All I know is they would not hurt anyone in the world unless they were threatened,” they said.
One applicant who was rejected, Ron Sanson, 58, a former construction worker, said they were interviewed by Mr. Beasley, who was dining on Chinese food, in the food court of a mall.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Sanson, who is divorced, said they had been in and out of work since fracturing their leg in 2006. They said potential employers balked at their age, even for jobs shoveling snow. “You're not going to be out there shoveling snow in the middle of the night,” they were told.
They said they had good antennae for trouble, but picked up nothing strange about Mr. Beasley, who, they said, looked like a farmer, with “a scraggly beard” and a red, white and blue baseball cap.
Photo
“He seemed all right with me,” Mr. Sanson said.
They did not get the job; the fact that they had gone to college and been in the Navy may have put Mr. Beasley off, they speculated.
Less fortunate were Mr. Pauley, who had driven from Virginia with all their belongings, and Mr. Kern, who was struggling to support their three children.
Erin Sendejas, who worked with Mr. Kern for five years at a Domino's Pizza , said that they quit their job as a delivery man several months ago because their car was breaking down and they could not make enough money after paying for repairs.
Photo
“He was just trying to find any job,” they said. “When they were here, all they talked about was their kids. They just felt that they were priorities in their life.”
Mr. Kern had been missing since Nov. 13, and their body might never have been found were it not for Mr. Davis, the man from South Carolina who escaped.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Before the gag order was issued, Sheriff Stephen S. Hannum of Noble County had said that their office had responded to a call on Nov. 6 and found “a white middle-aged man” with a gunshot wound to the arm and a story about answering an advertisement on Craigslist.
Photo
Mr. Davis told the sheriff that they had met two people for breakfast in Marietta, Ohio, and after leaving their car in Caldwell, was driven to the nearby “farm.”
While walking through the wooded area, Mr. Davis reported, they “heard what they thought was a gun being cocked. They turned to see a gun pointed at their head. They deflected the gun and ran,” hiding in the woods and finally seeking help at a house two miles away.
A search of the property revealed a hand-dug grave, the sheriff said. On Nov. 11, a woman in Boston called the sheriff's office to say that their twin brother, David Pauley, was missing and that they had answered the same advertisement on Craigslist.
Ms. Beasley said they had met with their son at the Summit County Jail, where they are being held on the prostitution and drug charges. “We prayed for Brogan and this whole situation,” they said.
Jon Platek, the Akron campus pastor at The Chapel, where the Beasleys attended church and often brought Brogan Rafferty, said that Mr. Beasley had attended only very sporadically in recent years. They said that Mr. Beasley used to come with their family, even as a child, and church members remembered them wearing cowboy boots and a big belt buckle, unusual attire in Akron in the 1960s and 1970s.
The crimes have deeply affected the congregation, Pastor Platek said. “It's one thing to do something out of passion, but it's another to do something at this level,” they said. “I sit with a lot of deeply troubled people that don't do this.”
In late May 2014, actor and “Reading Rainbow” host LeVar Burton launched a Kickstarter campaign to expand the now online-only educational program. The longtime PBS show was relaunched by Burton and their team as an app, but the goal of the fundraiser was to “reach a new generation of digital natives” — getting “Reading Rainbow” on apps, in classrooms, and on mobile devices, gaming systems, and connected televisions. Basically, wherever children turn for entertainment and education.
The response to the fundraiser was overwhelming, as children of the '80s and '90s latched onto the idea and sent the campaign hurtling past its original $1 million goal within the first day of fundraising. Coupled with the promise of a quality educational show making its way to youth who so desperately need it, nostalgia surely played a heavy role in so easily convincing the members of Generations X and Y to rip open their wallets and drop a few bucks.
If you're wondering why so many of us cling to such fond memories of the show — or if you just want to take a fun trip down memory lane — take a look at these five excellent clips from the show's heyday in the 1980s.
Kermit the Frog Visits “Reading Rainbow”
From Episode 3.5, “Perfect the Pig” (July 5, 1985)
Playing Hockey With the New York Islanders
From Episode 5.6, “A Three Hat Day” (June 29, 1987)
Pete Seeger Reads “Abiyoyo”
From Episode 4.10, “”Abiyoyo” (July 4, 1986)
LeVar Visits Chinatown
From Episode 1.7, “Liang and the Magic Paintbrush” (June 14, 1983)
LeVar Is Transformed for Halloween
From Episode 1.2, “Miss Nelson Is Back” (June 7, 1983)
LeVar Gets Sawed in Half
From Episode 1.7, “Liang and the Magic Paintbrush” (June 14, 1983)
On September 12, Wisconsin voting-rights groups began to scramble when the Seventh Circuit Court upheld the state's voter ID law, one of the strictest in the country. By the end of September, the same court had narrowly declined to re-hear the case en banc—giving voters and election officials mere weeks before the state's upcoming gubernatorial election to grapple with the law. Unless the Supreme Court overturns the decision in response to an emergency appeal filed Thursday by the ACLU, Wisconsin voters will have to show identification from a list of approved types at the November election. It's hard to say how many people might be disenfranchised by the law, but in such a tight election, where Republican incumbent Scott Walker is neck-and-neck with Democrat Mary Burke, it doesn't take many votes to swing the results.
In April, when District court judge Lynn Adelman issued an injunction against the law, they estimated that 300,000 registered voters across the state lack the IDs they need to vote. The judge arrived at that estimate by comparing the testimony of two witnesses, a statistical marketing consultant, Leland Beatty, and a professor at the University of Georgia, M.V. Hood III. Beatty and Hood both crunched through the DMV records with registered voter files to determine how many registered voters in the state lack either a driver's license or state ID card, the two most common forms of identification. Using different methodologies, the two men produced different estimates. Hood said between 4.9 percent (167,351) and 10.9 percent (368,824) of registered voters lacked ID, while Beatty estimated 9.4 percent (317,735).
Even Hood's low-end estimate of 167,351 disenfranchised voters is enough voters to swing a tight election. Walker won in 2010 by only 124,638 votes. According to the Huffington Post Pollster, Walker is currently leading Burke 48.3 to 46.3.
Walker's supporters are more likely than Burke's to show up at the polls in the first place. According to Marquette University's latest polls, Walker leads by a five-point margin among those who say they are certain to vote. But, among those who aren't as certain they'll make it to the polls, Burke leads by an eleven-point margin. This gap is common in midterm elections, since Republican voters—usually white, wealthy, and older—have more time and resources to make it to polling stations for the elections that get less hype. The voter ID law might deepen this disparity, since it creates one more barrier to vote for those already on the fence.
Carbine Studios is ready to unveil what it has envisioned for the upcoming F2P iteration of WildStar. Among other things, players can look forward to new content, an improved tutorial system, item and stat systems will be overhauled, more consistent challenges in dungeons, and new areas including Alpha Sanctum and Cryo-Plex PvP Arena.
A new rewards program will be introduced where players will be able to purchase or spend NCoin, enrolling in a Signature Plan or redeeming C.R.E.D.D. in order to earn these packages. The program is retroactive so anyone participates through the launch of WildStar's F2P version will have some spiffy awards waiting.
The tutorial system, the first areas of the game and the Arkship have all been streamlined for a better new player experience. Additionally, veterans will be able to bypass it completely should they so choose.
Current primary stats are being removed and four new ones are being added: Assault power, support power, health and armor. Secondary stats have been expanded to give players the very real ability to customize their characters to the best suit their personal play style.
The team has plans to reveal much more over the coming weeks, so keep your eyes tuned to MMORPG.com or to the WildStar site for more information.
The Rediff Special / Carl Sagan 'Hindu cosmology's time-scale for the universe is in consonance with modern science' Carl Sagan, the distinguished Cornell University astronomer and Pulitzer Prize-winning author, who succumbed to their battle against cancer on December 15, in fact lived for millions of years in the relative time scale of experience. This legend in their own lifetime was a first grade philosopher, poet, scientist and a splendid example of human greatness all rolled into one. Their true genius lay in the many esoteric philosophical and scientific endeavours which only specialists can really appreciate. But they became an instant pop science icon when they co-authored COSMOS, a television series devoted to astronomy and space exploration. A part of that awesome series was shot in India. In the early eighties, Sagan met then Indian diplomat Placido P D'Souza and in a conversation explained the India connection and the relevance of Gandhi. You have been hosted of the television programme COSMOS which deals with astronomy and science exploration. And yet India figured in this programme. Could you tell us how India fits into this series?
Let me first say something about the series in general, and something about the Indian part of the series. The television series COSMOS is designed to breach the barrier that many people feel about science. They cannot understand it, and it is foreign to them in approach and content. Our experience is that children grow up with an absolute zest and passion for science, and something happens to discourage some of them - sometimes many of them - from pursuing this interest. We thought it was our job to excite the children, and reawaken the interest in science of adults. So we will use any approach to gain people's attention, and show them that science is something not just that they can understand, but that they can become excited about and can use as part of the way they view the world. The series has been extraordinarily successful. It has been shown in a year or two in the Soviet Union and the People's Republic of China. I hope some day it will be shown in India. The tenth episode of COSMOS is largely about cosmology - the study of the universe in a perspective in which the Earth is like a grain to stand in vast beach or desert - and the way we approach the subject is through Hindu cosmology. We have done that for several reasons. We went to Tamil Nadu for the festival called Pongal. Like festivals all over the world, it celebrates the changing of the seasons, and remind us that our ancestors were astronomers, who kept calendars and watched the skies. It was essential for extremely practical matters: when to sow seeds and to harvest grain. It was a matter of life and death to be an astronomer. But the main reason that we oriented this episode of COSMOS towards India is because of that wonderful aspect of Hindu cosmology which first of all gives a time-scale for the Earth and the universe -- a time-scale which is consonant with that of modern scientific cosmology. We know that the Earth is about 4.6 billion years old, and the cosmos, or at least its present incarnation, is something like 10 or 20 billion years old. The Hindu tradition has a day and night of Brahma in this range, somewhere in the region of 8.4 billion years. As far as I know. It is the only ancient religious tradition on the Earth which talks about the right time-scale. We want to get across the concept of the right time-scale, and to show that it is not unnatural. In the West, people have the sense that what is natural is for the universe to be a few thousand years old, and that billions is indwelling, and no one can understand it. The Hindu concept is very clear. Here is a great world culture which has always talked about billions of years. Finally, the many billion year time-scale of Hindu cosmology is not the entire history of the universe, but just the day and night of Brahma, and there is the idea of an infinite cycle of births and deaths and an infinite number of universes, each with its own gods. And this is a very grand idea. Whether it is true or not, is not yet clear. But it makes the pulse quicken, and we thought it was a good way to approach the subject. And then the Chola bronzes in Tamil Nadu were very lovely to film, and gave us a visual approach to go along with the intellectual approach. It was also a way of de-provincialising our presentation. After all, we claim that science is an endeavor of the human species. To shoot the whole film in the United States or Western Europe would have been extremely provincial. We shot in Japan and 12 or 14 other countries, besides India. Let me also say that the subsidiary benefit for my wife and me is that we had a chance to visit India for the first time, and especially Tamil Nadu which we enjoyed enormously. You mentioned the Chola bronzes and I see also that in your book COSMOS one of the chapters called 'The edge of forever' begins with a picture of Nataraja. Could you say something to explain its relevance in that chapter?
The traditional explanation of the Nataraja is that it symbolises the creation of the universe in one hand and the death of the universe in the other - the drum and the flame - and after all, that is what cosmology is all about. So in addition to being artistically exquisite, the Nataraja provides exactly the kind of symbolism that we wanted. The Nataraja that is photographed in the book COSMOS is in a museum in Pasadena, California, but it will be returned to India at some specified time within the next decade. What were your general impressions about India?
I was absolutely delighted with Tamil Nadu. First of all, there was the sense of an intact cultural framework. I did not have the sense of people greatly alienated from their society - you certainly see a great deal of that in the West. I had a sense of people caring for each other, an intact social fabric, and technology coming along quite fast. Not just large industrial parks. In a way what impressed me most was the widespread use of the bicycle, not only for carrying agricultural products and manufactures from one place to another, but also as a means for young people to visit neighbouring villages, and a sense of exuberant communication, because now people are not closed in a small village. They have a much wider range of places that they have access to. We spent some time in Madras and in Bombay. But these were slow stages to get us to Tamil Nadu. We saw mainly tourist things which were certainly pleasant, but we did not have the sense of getting to know the people. We could have, but it did not work out that way, whereas in Tamil Nadu we got to know the people. I will give you an example. Here we are at 6:30 or 7 in the morning - a group of us consisting of cameramen, soundmen, writers, directors, producers and me, who go marching single file by a pond in which there are lovely lily and lotus blossoms. Going to two small temples of the bull god (Nandi). A boy, less than 10 years old, saw us coming, looked at us, dove into the pond and came up near a lotus flower. They then swam back with it, climbed out of the pond, went up to my wife, gave them the lotus blossom and introduced himself, saying "Hello, my name is " I forget what their name was. It was done with such elegance and charm and with no thought of reward, but just a sensibility which I found very impressive. Anyway we loved it. How colorful it was I must also say the sari is a kind of work of art, especially seeing hundreds of them all together. Also, women washing the saris gives a kind of swatch of color to the landscape I thought it was wonderful I had a sense of a healthy society. I didn't know to what extent this is characteristic or not, but I was very impressed and would love to have a chance to go back Well, you know you have a standing invitation to visit India Was that your first visit?
Yes. I had been invited before by a number of people, including J B S Haldane, a British biologist in Bhubaneshwar. I knew them well in the last few years of their life. They even made me promise to visit them in Orissa, but they died before I had a chance to do so. Did you know any other Indian scientists?
Oh, yes. I knew Vikram Sarabhai who spent a year at Cambridge, Massachusetts, when I was on the Harvard faculty. I was a student of the world-renowned astrophysicist Subramanian Chandrasekhar at the University of Chicago. An old friend from the graduate school days in Kameshwar Wali, now a Professor of Physics at Syracuse University. For 17 years a close colleague who has been working with me in laboratory experiments on the origins of life is Bishun Khare. So I had a succession of fairly close friendships with Indians. I have always felt some natural affinity, I suppose. Have you seen the Gandhi film?
Yes. It well deserved the Academy awards. I thought it was splendid on many different levels. One is the idea that there are ways for the people to move governments by unconventional approaches including civil disobedience - but not only civil disobedience - at a time when, in my view, the people of at least some countries have much more sensible views about the nuclear arms are than their governments. They can affect the policies of governments that seem to be slow-moving, intractable and riddled with a bureaucracy that is decades behind the times. Also, the American civil rights, movement, of course, was powerfully influenced by the degree to which Martin Luther King, Jr admired Mohandas Gandhi, and I think that it is important for us, Americans, to remember that connection of the time when events in India were relevant to events in the United States. That kind of thing seems to me to be extremely important. It has been argued that this kind of movement is all right in a colonial situation and in very special circumstances, but when you have functioning democracies, is it valid to adopt what could be considered extra constitutional measures?
Right or the opposite question: in a country like Nazi Germany, would civil disobedience have in any way been effective? Would the leaders of civil disobedience not have been executed and nothing would have changed? They are both good questions, and my answer is that the approach of Gandhiji is not precisely applicable in every political situation. However, the reminder that there are conventional ways of affecting the perceptions of masses of people on issues of the greatest importance is very important reminder. In democracies - you talk about functioning democracies - there are traditions. For example, the approaches to the nuclear arms race are institutionalised, and progress is made very slowly. Armaments are increased easily, decreased with great difficulty, and people think about historical analogies of Munich in 1938 and so on without fully having come to grips with the fact that the invention of nuclear weapons has changed everything. And for that reason I think that something other than politics is necessary when all nations and the human species are faced with the extremely grave possibilities of a nuclear war. I am not saying that civil disobedience is necessarily the answer. But one thing which was so impressive about Gandhiji was the way they were able to communicate to large numbers of people and to excite people's passion and courage. There was a great deal of courage needed to have followed him, especially in the early days of their movement. I think something along those lines is needed worldwide if we are to break out of this impasse in the nuclear arms race. Also, I thought the movie was beautifully filmed, and in many places, extremely moving. Maybe the most moving for me was the scene toward the end, in which Gandhiji says to the despairing man who has killed children in a riot: "I know a way out of hell". I found that an enormously moving approach to the problem, that the way for a Hindu, to make recompense for participating in the riots, is to raise a Muslim child as a Muslim and vice versa. I thought it was a superb movie and well deserving of the acclaim it has gotten here and elsewhere. It has certainly made an impact, and moved people to think about Gandhi and India. To the extent that it has made people think a little, it has served its purpose.
I agree, it demonstrates that extremely unconventional approaches are practical politics. Surely Gandhi has made major achievements in practical politics by methods that the British discounted immediately, and were proved wrong. It is good to remember that
Placido P D'Souza is a former member of the Indian Foreign Service and currently editor of New India Digest.
Billionaire George Soros is trying to use mass immigration to dilute European ethnic cultures into one anonymous blend, according to Hungary's Prime Minister Viktor Orbán.
Speaking on Hungarian radio Friday morning, the redoubtable prime minister denounced the campaign of the Soros-funded “Open Society” network to aggressively drive a pro-immigration agenda as a means to eradicate the cultures and Christian identity of European states.
“The Soros network has an extensive sphere of influence within the European Parliament and other EU bodies,” Orbán said, “and its aim is to build a Europe of mixed population and to condemn the Hungarian government for opposing their view on migration.”
Earlier this month, George Soros transferred $18 billion to their Open Society Foundations, their tool of choice for forging a brave new world without borders and without nations.
In their Friday interview, Orbán said that they had to fight tooth and nail during last week's summit in Brussels against efforts to pass European policy that would jeopardize Hungary's sovereignty. “There was a great deal of pressure on me to compromise on migration,” they said, but they held their ground.
Permanent and mandatory relocation quotas for "all member states" https://t.co/bgGm9bNvi1 — Breitbart London (@BreitbartLondon) October 24, 2017
The Hungarian prime minister has insisted that national security and sovereignty must come first when discussing immigration policies, while resisting attempts by the European Union (EU) to impose forced relocation of migrants across Europe.
Mr. Orbán said that the “Soros Empire” keeps a list of “reliable allies” in the European Parliament and other EU organs to drive forward their open-borders agenda. They have consistently argued that each EU member state has the right to manage its own immigration policies, and not to be dictated to by Brussels.
“Once they make a crack in this wall, water will flow in. We have to seal that crack,” Orbán said.
The prime minister said that an evident division is opening up between the “migrant-free zone – Central Europe – and the countries that have transformed themselves into immigrant countries,” which is dividing Europe into “two parts.”
Future cooperation among European nations must necessarily take “our differences into account,” they said.
Part of the Hungarian identity, like that of Europe itself, Mr. Orbán has insisted, comes from its Christian roots—an identity that must be defended.
Hungary's Orban: Protect Middle East Christians or Anti-Christian Persecution Will Come to Europe
https://t.co/LzAQKUa1GC — Breitbart London (@BreitbartLondon) October 12, 2017
Earlier this month, the Prime Minister hosted an international conference on Christian Persecution in Budapest, in which they decried efforts to strip Europe of its Christian heritage and identity.
“A group of Europe's intellectual and political leaders want to create a mixed society that would completely change the continent's cultural and ethnic identity, and Christian nature, within just a few generations,” they said.
“Hungary,” they said, “is doing the opposite of what Europe is currently doing. We are doing what we must do according to local Christian leaders, and which is currently most important for the communities they lead: we are providing assistance to enable people to move back to their homes.”
Last year, the Hungarian government established a Deputy State Secretariat for the Aid of Persecuted Christians, making it the only nation in the world with a department of this sort.
Until now, the new secretariat has sent assistance of more than 4 million euros to rebuild homes, churches, and schools so that Christians can stay in their homes in the Middle East. They have also granted dozens of scholarships to Christian students in Africa and the Middle East who lost everything to militant Islamic terror groups.
In their address to the assembly in Budapest, Mr. Orbán said that Hungary had taken the opposite approach from that of the European Union. “They want to bring people here,” Orbán declared. “We are helping them to stay where they are.”
Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome
Fwd: Note from Les Gelb
From:john.podesta@gmail.com To: Todd.Stern@wilmerhale.com Date: 2008-10-27 19:20 Subject: Fwd: Note from Les Gelb
---------- Forwarded message ---------- Dear John, As we agreed, please find attached the final draft of our group's overall strategy paper, topped by a letter of transmittal to the president-elect. I'm sending you the final draft so that you might flag for me any problems you would want us to consider removing from the final document itself. Please also find below my email to the group members discharging my responsibilities and theirs and the track ahead. You will note I ask for their final comments by Thursday, 11 a.m. I will send you the final document Thursday afternoon or Friday morning. As I stressed, we have kept our deliberations entirely private and we have no pride of authorship. Our only aim is, as we state, to help our nation's new leader design an overall strategy -- a thought process and discipline we all believe essential to their and our nation's success. You can reach me at either 212.472.7320 or 212.988.9313. Allbest, Les Gelb ---------- Forwarded message ---------- Attached find the final draft of our strategy paper topped by a cover note to the president-elect. We are told there is a window of reading opportunity this coming weekend and so -- with apologies -- I must have your comments no later than Thursday, 11 a.m. I have put in disclaimers that this is not a consensus document and that there are disagreements on many points. Nonetheless, if you feel exercised by any particular point or argument, you should send me a paragraph or two on that point which I will append to the document. Some of you may be more than exercised and feel disinclined to associate yourself with the paper, and you may want to remove your name from the list at the end of the cover letter to the president-elect. IF YOU WANT YOUR NAME REMOVED, YOU MUST EMAIL ME TO THAT EFFECT NO LATER THAN 11 A.M. ON THURSDAY. OTHERWISE, YOUR NAME WILL BE INCLUDED. You will also note that no authors are listed and no division of responsibilities in our group stated. Please also note that we invite the president-elect to put us back to work if they would like to hear more. If not, we should feel that we have discharged our agreed duty to help the president do what they should immediately -- develop an overall strategy for their administration. You should also know that I am sending a copy of this paper to John Podesta, Michael Froman, and Brian Mathis. They are aware of this enterprise in detail, have seen earlier drafts, and will be responsible for transmitting the document to higher authorities. Lastly, I want to thank certain people in particular. I leaned on Bo Cutter heavily throughout the process and they were of enormous help. I want to thank colleagues on the staff -- Will Wechsler, Liz Colagiuri, and Jeanne Zelmati -- for their intelligent and hard labors. Not least, deep appreciation goes to Erica Payne for their constant counsel and Rob McKay for their enduring support for an enterprise that really had to be tried for the good of our country. Allbest, Les Gelb
Update: added new information based on disclosed vulnerability
Their paper "Key Reinstallation Attacks: Forcing Nonce Reuse in WPA2" will be formally presented on November 1st at the ACM Conference on Computer and Communications Security, but details on this vulnerability were publicly revealed on October 16th.
The vulnerability, called KRACK (Key Reinstallation AttaCK), is found within the 4-way handshake process which takes place when a device attempts to connect to a wireless network. This process involves generating unique single-use numbers to secure the connection between the device and the wireless access point. As it turns out, due to a weakness in WPA2, by repeatedly re-transmitting the third message in the handshake, an attacker can force this single-use number (called a nonce) to be reused, which may significantly weaken the encryption for traffic between Wi-Fi access points and devices connecting to them.
This vulnerability affects all versions of WPA2 security, including those using AES-CCMP. While some routers and other may receive updates against KRACK, many will be left unpatched.
Since this problem is bigger than just one individual router's WPA2 implementation, but is instead a flaw in WPA2 itself, it leaves many devices at risk – currently, most implementations of the protocol, especially on Linux and Android versions after 6.0 are vulnerable. Funnily enough, due to incorrectly implementing the standard, iOS and Windows, while still at risk, are less vulnerable.
So, what does this mean for you, the end user? Your Wi-Fi is now quite possibly just a few days away from being as secure as that open hotspot in your local coffee shop. A potential attacker, given enough time, will be able to eavesdrop on whatever is being sent on your Wi-Fi network and if your wireless network is using earlier versions of WPA, possibly even hijack connections – doing things such as inserting content on insecure websites. Your Internet of Things devices – things like smart cameras, smart lights, and so on – which are already known for being quite insecure, are now even more vulnerable, since even devices that were not directly connected to the internet may now be exposed to danger.
The NCAA and U.S. Department of Defense are now accepting proposals for the Mind Matters Challenge, a $4 million educational grand challenge aimed at changing concussion safety behaviors.
This initiative includes grants up to $400,000 for scientific research to improve understanding of how to effect cultural change regarding concussions, and awards up to $100,000 for an educational program challenge to identify entities that create materials in the area of concussion education aimed at at-risk populations.
Too often, student-athletes fail to report head injuries and return to play before sufficiently recovering from a concussion – behaviors with significant short- and long-term consequences. The reasons why they do so are many: fear of letting down the team, peer pressure, and unspoken dynamics set by coaches or athletic trainers. Perhaps even more important are the factors that are not well-understood or easily identified.
The Mind Matters Challenge is part of the NCAA-Department of Defense Grand Alliance, a $30 million initiative launched this year to advance understanding of how to change culture, attitudes and behavior in young and emerging adults about concussions arising from sports- and military-related activities. The goal of the program is to improve concussion awareness education programs delivered to student-athletes, service members and their influencers so that all clearly understand a concussion is a serious medical condition requiring appropriate treatment – just like a knee injury, eye injury, or broken bone. And that they act accordingly.
“To appropriately treat concussive injuries, we need to begin by knowing the injury occurred. This may seem very basic, but it is one of the greatest challenges we face,” said Brian Hainline, NCAA chief medical officer. “Because each person's symptoms and recovery differ, we need to create a culture on every sideline and in every training room that encourages immediate, full reporting and treatment.”
Two challenges in one
The challenge is broken down to focus on two important areas related to concussion: changing attitudes about concussions in young adults (a research challenge); and educational programs targeting young adults (an educational program challenge).
The research challenge seeks to fund applied scientific research to improve understanding of how to prompt cultural change in the target communities. In addition to benefiting student-athletes on the field of play, the outcomes also will benefit military and civilian populations. Up to 10 research grants of up to $400,000 each will be awarded.
The goal of the educational programs challenge is to identify entities with the expertise and capability to create compelling and impactful educational materials for student-athletes and other at-risk populations in the area of concussion education, based on the best information available today. Cash prizes up to $100,000 will be awarded to participants in the educational programs challenge, who will also vie for the opportunity to provide a demonstration package to the NCAA.
Additionally, future opportunities may exist for top respondents in the educational programs challenge to collaborate with the NCAA to produce a detailed educational program in conjunction with other experts.
Those interested in participating in the challenge can learn more, ask questions and apply here.
Timeline
Phase One for both challenges will close in February, and a judging panel composed of experts from the scientific community, military, college athletics and student-athletes will review proposals and select those who will continue into Phase Two. The NCAA and the Department of Defense expect to make final awards by the end of 2015.
"This Grand Alliance presents an unprecedented opportunity to advance the field of concussion science while educating our force and their families, increasing our chances of full recovery, and decreasing the number of future injuries," said Major General Nadja Y. West, Joint Staff Surgeon at the Pentagon.
Concussion study underway
The NCAA-Department of Defense Grand Alliance also is funding the most comprehensive study of concussion and head impact exposure ever conducted. Its aim is to more accurately diagnose, treat and prevent concussion among NCAA student-athletes, service members and the broader public. The study, which launched this fall, will enroll an estimated 25,000 male and female NCAA student-athletes over the three-year study period at 16 schools, including all four military academies. Participants receive a comprehensive preseason evaluation for concussion and will be monitored in the event of an injury.
It was a massive heist that received little attention. Several hundred trillion joules of energy were disappearing every second. Investigators suspected the deep ocean was involved, but couldn't find any leads. There's no need to panic, though— a fresh look at the evidence shows that the energy may never have been missing in the first place.
Most people know that greenhouse gases trap heat near the Earth, warming the planet. We fixate on records set by temperatures of the near-surface atmosphere to track the warming caused by anthropogenic greenhouse gas emissions. But the atmosphere is only part of the picture. There are other reservoirs that take up heat energy as well—most notably, the ocean. In fact, about 90 percent of the energy added by the increase in greenhouse gases has gone into the ocean.
The 2000s saw lots of La Niñas, the cold phase of the El Niño/Southern Oscillation that lowers surface temperatures. If those temperatures are your only measure of global heat content, enough La Niñas may get you thinking that there's been a slowdown in the warming trend our planet has been experiencing. You get a much different picture when you look at the Earth as a whole, though. During La Niña years, the Earth actually gains more energy than it would otherwise. Conversely, El Niño years make surface temperatures warmer but slows the rise in total energy.
That's mainly the result of changes in cloudiness, precipitation, and storm tracks that come along with La Niña or El Niño conditions. For example, clearer skies in the tropical Pacific (La Niña) can allow more solar radiation through, whereas increased evaporation (El Niño) moves heat from the ocean to the atmosphere while boosting cloudiness.
We now have satellite networks that measure the incoming solar radiation and the outgoing infrared radiation, so we can track the changes in the planet's heat content pretty well. If the incoming solar radiation is greater than the outgoing infrared, energy was added to the system. If that energy goes into the atmosphere, we can track it using a vast network of weather stations (and satellites, as well) that enable calculations of global near-surface atmospheric temperature.
The ocean is a tougher nut to crack. We used to rely on ship-based temperature profiles for the surface ocean, but the Argo program changed that in 2003. This array of 3,000 instrumented floats measures temperature (among other things) in the upper 2 kilometers of the ocean. That's a lot more detail, but creates a significant shift in the sorts of data we have.
In 2010, Kevin Trenberth and John Fasullo (of the National Center for Atmospheric Research) published an article in Science describing a discrepancy in our accounting of Earth's energy budget. While the satellite tracking of incoming solar radiation and outgoing infrared radiation between 2004 and 2008 clearly showed that the net addition of energy was increasing, measurements of ocean heat content showed a decline. It was sort of like seeing that your checking account balance had gone down by $1000, but finding that you had only written checks totaling $300. You know the money is gone, but where did it go?
The missing energy didn't show up in any of the other energy budget terms we can track. That may not be as exciting as a seemingly faster-than-light neutrino, but it was a very important disparity. Trenberth and Fasullo suggested that the energy could be moving into the deep ocean, which we currently can't monitor. Lots of modeling had previously shown that, in a warming climate, the upper ocean heat content will occasionally decline as energy moves into the deep ocean. In a 2011 paper, they also mentioned an alternate possibility: the uncertainty in our ocean heat content measurements is simply very large, which would make the discrepancy an experimental error (and therefore much less interesting).
A large source of potential error was that the switch from the ship-based measurements of ocean heat content to the Argo array entailed all kinds of difficult-to-quantify uncertainties. (New instruments that were operated differently, uneven distribution and changing density of measurement points as floats were gradually deployed, etc.) A new paper in Nature Geoscience makes headway by re-examining the ocean heat content data and accounting for that complex uncertainty.
The group's ocean heat content record differs slightly from other analyses (just as global surface temperature series from NASA and NOAA don't come out exactly the same), but the pivotal bit is that the uncertainty during the Argo transition period really was quite large. In fact, the difference between the ocean heat content and net total energy data is not statistically significant—it's well within the uncertainty. That suggests that the missing energy might not be so missing.
At least one thing remains clear in all the datasets—the Earth is steadily gaining energy. Between 2001 and 2010, the amount of energy reaching the Earth has exceeded the amount leaving by an average of about 0.5 watts per square meter.
Still, it's critically important that our energy accounting improve, and that's a formidable task. It would be encouraging to declare the case of the missing energy “solved,” but it's not so encouraging that our measurements are too uncertain to settle the matter. As the authors conclude, “the large inconsistencies between independent observations of Earth's energy flows points to the need for improved understanding of the error sources and of the strengths and weaknesses of the different analysis methods, as well as further development and maintenance of measurement systems to track more accurately Earth's energy imbalance on annual timescales."
Nature Geoscience, 2012. DOI: 10.1038/NGEO1375 (About DOIs).
QR Code Link to This Post
it's ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
I will be playing my druid.. they are in full Season 3 and some Season 4. I play with another female player on their warrior, but they are not going to physically join us.. they will be on vent or skype listening in, but mostly their purpose will be to keep the game going smoothly by letting me know what is happening so I don't have to pay much attention.You must be ok with vaginal and anal penetration, as well as eating me out, and you must be able to finish on me twice within one hour.But more importantly, you must be familiar with the game. You should be not only yelling things like, "Your pussy feels so good on my dick" but also pay some attention to my arena game(s). And be loud. Remember, I'll have my headset on to talk to my partner. "Root him!", "Cyclone so I can pull out and fuck your ass" and so on. You must be kinky, naughty, and very horny. I will be quizzing you, so if you are not sure about your stuff, please do not respond.What you have to do/have in order for me to consider you:- You must have at least one level 70 in equivalent gear, maybe we can chat about it.- You cannot be overweight, but also not the muscle jock body type with a brain the size of a pea. Chubby is BEST!- You must be able to spell.- You must be at least 20 years old and no older than 29.- At least 5'10".- No blondies.- Dark hair, dark eyes- Prefer uncut, but you must be clean. Circumsized will be considered, but not preferred.About me:- I am 5'8"- 150lbs- Blue eyes and brown hair.- I know a lot about video games.- I want to fuck you while I play arena if you fulfill the above requirements. - I am very tight.. I have not had sex in about 8 months.
At CES 2014, Road to VR had the opportunity to meet with Palmer Luckey, co-founder of Oculus and inventor of the Oculus Rift, and Nate Mitchell, VP of Product at Oculus. We got our hands on the much anticipated ‘Crystal Cove' Oculus Rift prototype and sat down to have the dynamic duo answer our curious inquiries.
Yesterday Paul and I got our first chance to try the Oculus Rift ‘Crystal Cove' prototype featuring positional tracking and low-persistence display technology. While much of the hubbub from the press has been about the (very impressive) positional tracking, Luckey and Mitchell told us that low-persistence turned out to be an even bigger addition to the Oculus Rift experience than they had anticipated, saying that the technique would be an important fixture for virtual reality going forward.
Low-persistence takes advantage of the new 1080p OLED panel that's built into the Oculus Rift Crystal Cove prototype. OLED technology enables extremely low response times and extremely high refresh rates. While the two obviously couldn't go into detail, they went so far as to say that they had “eliminated pixel switching time,” with the current panel. They also mention that this is not something that can be done off the shelf; low persistence on the Oculus Rift Crystal Cove prototype requires custom implementations across the hardware.
A full-persistence display has its pixels lit all the time. As Luckey explains, a full-persistence display only shows the correct scene orientation for one point in time; assuming the user continues to move their head, the scene orientation is out of date until the next frame can be drawn. The low-persistence technique lights the pixels only when the scene orientation is correct and goes dark immediately thereafter. Thanks to a high refresh rate, this happens so quickly that the user sees one continuous image. The end result is significantly reduced motion blur and potentially less nausea.
For detail on low-persistence, smearing, and strobing, Valve's Michael Abrash has some great introductions:
In our demo session, Oculus showed us a build of EVE:Valkyrie which was designed to work with both positional tracking and low-persistence. They were able to toggle the low-persistence on and off to show us the difference that the technique made on motion blur (it was very significant).
While Oculus still says that they'll be releasing a second Oculus Rift developer kit (DK2), they have no announcements currently about timing. Crystal Cove is just a prototype for now, but they say the DK2 will be as close to feature-matching they consumer version as possible. When asked if they were still aiming for a 2014 consumer launch, they didn't seem so sure, saying that their latest round of funding enables them to do whatever they need to make the best virtual reality headset.
We'll have an in-depth article about our hands-on time with the Oculus Rift Crystal Cove prototype in the near future, stay tuned!
The relatively short-lived Barrio Tequileria in Northside is re-opening next weekend, under new management and ownership.
Starting with a grand re-opening Friday and Saturday evening (6 p.m. Nov. 28 and 29) the weekend after Thanksgiving, new owners Thomas Placke and 3TC entertainment say the restaurant will still serve Tex-Mex-style food, with updated offerings including smoked wings, house-cured smoked bacon and Texas-style smoked beef brisket chili. They'll also be serving up imported tequilas and specialty cocktails, like the Helltown Hooch, Pineapple Mint Margarita and Mango Habanero Margarita, plus non-alcoholic libations for kids (and non-drinking adults) like strawberry cucumber lemonade.
An added bonus? The huge outdoor patio will double as a dog-friendly bar with a fire pit and a s'mores menu in winter, then games when the weather gets warmer.
A recent press release also says, "In commitment to the neighborhood, Barrio will continue with fan favorites such as open mic Jazz on Tuesdays, trivia night on Wednesdays and karaoke thursdays. Barrio will also offer live music nights and delve into the local Northside character by showcasing local artists and talent."
The restaurant will also seek out a variety of nonprofits to donate portions of proceeds to.
Kim Davis may not want to listen to what LGBT advocates have to say, but one group just made it nearly impossible for them to hide from their message.
Planting Peace, a non-profit group that focuses on humanitarian issues including LGBT rights, has paid to put up a large billboard addressed specifically to Davis in their hometown of Morehead, Kentucky after the county clerk refused to issue same-sex marriage licenses.
Davis was jailed earlier this month for "willful disobedience" of the law after they were filmed at work refusing to issue a marriage license to same-sex couples, citing their religious beliefs. They were released from jail last week and almost immediately became a figure on the 2016 Republican presidential campaign trail.
The new billboard cites one arguably widely abandoned biblical practice in an attempt to discredit those like Davis who continue to use the bible as justification to fight same-sex marriage, even after it became the law of the land thanks to a Supreme Court ruling earlier this year.
Non-profit organization Planting Peace just erected the above billboard in Kim Davis' hometown of Morehead, Kentucky pic.twitter.com/0bteoct6Uu — Sam Kalidi (@samkalidi) September 12, 2015
Image: Planting Peace
"The intent of the billboard is to expose this narrow interpretation by Davis and others that they use to defend their discrimination against the LGBTQ community," Planting Peace explained in a post on Friday announcing the billboard. "It is important and relevant to call this out, because these messages and actions are not simply about a political or religious debate.
"There are LGBTQ youth across the world who are taking their lives at an alarming rate because of these messages from society that make them feel broken or less than," the statement continued. "We have to meet hate with love…intolerance with compassion."
Planting Peace has engaged in similar advocacy stunts before. It is, perhaps most famously, the organization behind the Equality House, which sits across the street from the Westboro Baptist Church in Kansas. The house has been painted the colors of the rainbow and once even hosted a wedding for Gandalf and Dumbledore.
North-West Tasmania is one of the most underrated parts of the state. When tourists come to Tasmania, they are wanting to see the likes of the Cataract Gorge, visit Hobart and MONA, not the “farmland” of the North-West. But this place is probably my favourite region in the state, and I wanted to, with the use of a few of my photographs, hopefully convince people to visit this wonderful place. Godfrey's Beach, Stanley: This beach is often overlooked by tourists, but is one of my favourite locations in the state to shoot sunrise photos. The rocks create a striking contrast and cool shapes that contrast with the colours of the sunrise that create an overall spectacular image, and help a lot with giving a focus, one of the hardest parts of beach photography. I highly recommend anyone in this area makes the effort to witness a sunrise here, as it is truly something else. Paradise, near Sheffield: It's a very unassuming area, the type you would drive through without a second thought on your way to another location, but as evidenced by this photo, it can provide some very beautiful and often biblical feeling scenery. It's a very hilly region, and this area does a great job at humbling you and making you realise just how small and insignificant you truly are. If you ever find yourself going through here, make sure to stop along the road and take in the truly awesome landscape and just how breathtaking it really is. A true testament to the power of nature. Marion's Lookout: Aside from the iconic Dove Lake shot, I haven't seen too many photos of the lakes in the region, and it's a shame. They're very stunning, and definitely worth the stop to look at and photograph. Arthurs River: This is perhaps my favourite area in the North-West region, and that is the Edge of the World at Arthurs River. This place is absolutely wild. Both times I've been here, the weather was wild and waves of massive proportions were smashing against the rocks. It lives up to its name, as I believe in geographical terms you're looking straight out to sea at Argentina. Every time I go to this place, I feel at peace. In the teaser trailer for Twin Peaks, the character Hawk says: ‘There are a lot of holy places out there, a lot of sacred places. I can't put my finger on how I would describe it, it just touches something in the psyche.' This place to me is the Edge of the World. Cradle Mountain: This shot is of a cabin on an overcast day. I loved the composition of the shot, and I think it's a testament to the necessity to not just photograph the obvious things, like Dove Lake or the peaks, but to photograph everything around you and what looks beautiful to your eye, not what might please others.
https://nnimgt-a.akamaihd.net/transform/v1/crop/frm/M9js8ZNF8WfwDLANPpFpug/968d3117-d23f-4fa4-bfc6-8ab80c885a78.jpg/r10_373_3991_2622_w1200_h678_fmax.jpg
This article was previously published on AlterNet.
In the last thirty years, atheism and secularism have been booming in America. As I've previously written, as many as one in four members of the Millennial generation now say they have no religion. Given the vast size of the Millennials – 78 million people, slightly more than the Baby Boomers – that adds up to almost 20 million freethinking Americans. And from all indications, the up-and-coming generations are even more secular.
As the broader atheist community becomes larger and better organized, secularists and freethinkers have shown increasing interest in gathering together with likeminded people. Atheist community isn't a brand-new phenomenon; there have long been local meetups as well as regional and national conventions, like Skepticon, the giant free conference that takes place every year in Springfield, Missouri, or the Reason Rally, the nationwide gathering of atheists and humanists on the National Mall in March 2012. But many of these conferences are focused on activism and political mobilization, and as necessary as those are, they don't appeal to everyone.
That's why, in just the last few months and years, we're witnessing a new wave of secular communities – atheist churches, if you insist – whose focus is on doing good, living well, and appreciating the wonder and beauty of the world without recourse to archaic mythology.
The most prominent of these is the Sunday Assembly. Founded in north London in January 2013 by two stand-up comedians, Pippa Evans and Sanderson Jones, the Sunday Assembly is a godless congregation – all the best parts of church but without the religion, in the words of its founders – whose motto is “Live better. Help often. Wonder more.” It was almost immediately a rousing success, attracting hundreds of people, and has spread to other British cities, including Brighton, Bristol and Oxford.
But the Sunday Assembly has much larger ambitions. Its founders helped organize services in New York City, and recently launched an American “40 Dates and 40 Nights” tour, barnstorming across the country to hold well-attended services in Boston, Washington, D.C., San Jose, San Diego, Los Angeles, and more (even Nashville!), aiming to drum up support for U.S. satellite congregations. Sunday Assembly meetings have also been held in Australia, including at Sydney, Adelaide, and Melbourne.
Though it's attracted the most media attention, the Sunday Assembly isn't the only atheist gathering emerging from this crystallizing secular community. In Houston, Texas, ex-pastor-turned-atheist Mike Aus founded the Houston Oasis, “a community grounded in reason, celebrating the human experience.” Its Sunday gatherings host live music from local bands, secular humanist-themed sermons, and community service projects, like blood donation drives. Mesa, Arizona now has a Humanist Community Center, thanks to the Humanist Society of Greater Phoenix, and the Humanist Community of Harvard offers a nontheistic support network for students.
In Canada, there's the Calgary Secular Church, founded by Korey Peters and another local activist. It meets twice a month: once for casual conversation, once for a more structured service that incorporates a humanist liturgy and a presentation from a rotating slate of speakers, on topics like children's rights versus parents' rights, abortion, free will, or even the existence of intelligent alien life. The Sunday meetings include free childcare and a potluck brunch. As Peters says, “For some, our meetings are the only place they are allowed to say they have no faith, and that has proved quite valuable. We provide community as well, so these people now are building fellow non-religious friendships… our main value for atheists is that we are making a world that is safe for them to live in.”
Not all of these efforts are brand-new. For instance, there's Ethical Culture, a humanist movement founded in the 1870s by the reformer Felix Adler, focusing on “deeds, not creeds”. Ethical Culture Societies still exist today, most concentrated in the New York metropolitan area (including their flagship location in Manhattan), but they can be found in other large cities across the U.S. like Austin, Baltimore, Boston, St. Louis, Philadelphia and Washington, D.C.
There's also Unitarian Universalism, a nontheistic religion that arose in 1961 from the merger of Unitarianism and Universalism, two liberal Christian denominations. But it's evolved beyond its Christian origins to become a truly creedless church. It has no official dogma or statement of faith, just seven foundational principles which relate to moral living, not belief. Surveys suggest that a plurality of UUs are atheists (although it must be said that the Unitarian Universalist Association also has at least a few highly placed anti-atheist bigots).
So what happens at these atheist churches? Like atheists themselves, these congregations are freewheeling, diverse and democratic, answering to no higher authority, so it's dangerous to generalize too narrowly. But there are some broad similarities.
Nearly all of them contain some element of moral exhortation and celebration, teaching and preaching about the ethical values that humanists practice. The Sunday Assembly, for instance, hosts humanist sermons on topics like the value of gratitude, or the importance of wonder. There's also usually music – for the Sunday Assembly, it's classic rock songs with a positive, humanist theme, like “Lean on Me”, or “With a Little Help From My Friends”, that the audience is invited to sing and clap along to. A.J. Johnson, one of the main organizers and sponsors of the NYC Sunday Assembly, calls it “a radically-inclusive, family-friendly celebration of life. We sing positive, popular songs, like ‘Help!' by the Beatles. We listen to short, interesting talks. We meet new people.” Most of them also organize community service and outreach projects.
The bigger question that needs to be answered – and the question that inevitably does get asked whenever these groups are discussed – is, why do atheists need these gatherings? Are they just a needless, misguided counterfeit of religion? Is it the case that “churches and ritualized worship… are best left to the people who feel the need to have a God figure in their lives“? Should nonbelievers be organized solely for “the purpose of repelling religious infringements on secular society” and nothing else?
The best answer to this is that the needs which these congregations aim to fulfill aren't religious, but human. I grant that the term “atheist church” sounds clunky and self-contradictory, because these areas of human interaction have historically been claimed by religion and our language doesn't have good non-religious words for them.
But whether atheist or theist, all human beings benefit from belonging to a welcoming, supportive community. Through congregations like this, we can help each other in times of need or crisis: when someone dies, we can gather to comfort the mourners and share memories of their life. We can come together to celebrate important life passages: for non-religious people who want to get married, for example, we can offer a humanist celebrant to solemnize the wedding. We can also assemble to do good in the wider community, with charitable drives and volunteering (particularly important since religious organizations have a nasty habit of turning away atheists who want to help). Research has repeatedly affirmed the benefits of social connection like this, showing that belonging to a community contributes to leading longer, healthier, happier lives.
All this goes double for nonbelievers living in heavily religious communities. In places where there are few opportunities for friendship and social gathering outside a church, life as an atheist can be lonely and isolating. Nonreligious congregations restore this balance by offering a place where we can speak our minds freely, where we can find friends who think as we do, and where we can have invigorating conversations that don't have to begin by knocking down the same infuriating stereotypes every time. For all the benefits of online discussion, a merely virtual community can never fully substitute for that kind of joyous human contact and connection.
Besides the immediate tangible benefits, we also gather to affirm a common identity. In a society that's still majority religious, nonbelievers are frequently the targets of prejudice and misunderstanding (as in the story of the soup kitchen that turned away atheist volunteers). By organizing and becoming visible, we show the world who we are and what we value, and that's always the first step in fighting this kind of bigotry. It creates a positive and welcoming image of atheism that people will bear in mind when religious fundamentalists try to paint us with negative stereotypes about how we lack morals.
As A.J. Johnson says, “I think the greatest value of Sunday Assembly is its appeal to people who may not call themselves atheists. Less than 3% of the population identifies as ‘atheists.' However, about 14% of the population says ‘Nothing in Particular.' This group is not being served by the current options. Helping these folks find a sense of ‘belonging' should be an important goal for the entire nontheistic community, including self-identified atheists, agnostics and Nones. Their acceptance helps fuels our own.”
And personal experience bears this out. I've been to several of the New York City Sunday Assemblies, and they've all drawn a young, diverse crowd – parents and families, people of color, an almost equal mix of men and women, a broad spread of ages – that's very different from the bunch-of-crotchety-old-white-guys image that's often (and not always inaccurately) thought to be typical of atheism. It's clear that communities like this attract people who have little interest in atheist activism in the strictly political sense, people who just want to get on with their lives and live according to humanist values. As the numbers of nonreligious Americans continue to grow, we can be sure that these secular congregations will grow with them.
7 Cleantech Ideas & Developments That Are Bringing Us A Low-Carbon Economy
April 26th, 2015 by Zachary Shahan
Feed-in tariffs
The humble (or not so humble) feed-in tariff is connected to the majority of the solar and wind power capacity installed in the world. If this policy is new to you, it's actually quite simple, so take a second to prepare for your next dinner chat.
Basically, solar or wind power plant owners sell all of the electricity they produce to the grid for a set, financially lucrative price. The rate is guaranteed for a specified period of time (15 years, 20 years, etc.). The point of the policy is that it can offer customers a good return on their investment, and thus spur growth of these clean energy markets.
As technology costs fall, the rates paid to owners of new installations can systematically and logically be lowered in order to reduce the costs of the program. Additionally, different rates can be offered to different types of technology (solar vs wind, for example) or projects of different sizes (e.g., a higher rate can be offered to small, rooftop solar than to utility-scale solar).
In the charts below regarding the global solar PV market, you can see how dominant feed-in tariffs are (or how dominantly effective they are) compared to other solar incentives. It's a very similar story for wind power.
Net metering
While not widely used outside of the US, net metering has been a critical tool stimulating US solar growth and fairly compensating solar homeowners and small businesses for the extra electricity they generate from their solar systems (beyond what they use). Generally, the way it works is that the solar-generated electricity is compensated at the retail rate of electricity, but it is sometimes more nuanced than that.
Solar leasing & PPAs
Like ‘em or hate ‘em, solar leasing and power purchase agreements (PPAs) have been a huge part of solar power growth in the United States and some other markets. In the residential segment of the US solar market, it's the method through which a huge majority of current solar users have gone solar.
Why? Well, I think the reason is pretty simple. Even once the lifetime cost of solar panel systems is far lower than retail electricity over the same period of time, the upfront cost is very high — in the tens of thousands of dollars. Several companies came along and broke that barrier down by offering $0-down solar, with the price of the systems paid back over time but in monthly payments that are lower than the price of electricity from the grid.
$0-down solar loans have finally become quite common and competitive as well, cutting into the usefulness of solar leasing/PPAs, and even offering a better deal in many cases, but solar leasing/PPAs have offered a very important step in the solar revolution.
Community solar gardens
Community solar gardens haven't put a lot of solar on the grid yet, but just wait.
For various reasons, most of the population can't go solar. Whether it's because they rent, live in condos/apartments, have unsuitable roofs, or something else, solar simply isn't an option (or a logical option) for the majority of people. However, community solar gardens offer such people a way to go solar. They offer a group of people the opportunity to jointly invest in a medium-sized solar project built somewhere other than on their roofs (on a vacant lot in the community, for example). The small group of investors together reap the financial rewards from the electricity sent into the grid.
Yieldcos
Yieldcos offer a similar opportunity on a larger scale to mainstream investors. Basically, large solar and wind farm owners offer investors the opportunity to put their money into low-risk solar and wind farms that offer good, stable returns. On a regular basis, a portion of the profits from the projects within the yieldco are paid to the investors. Yieldcos are just beginning to take off, but they seem to offer the next big step in solar and wind power growth.
Electric vehicles of desire
Moving away from clean electricity production to clean transportation that runs on electricity, let's talk electric cars. Electric cars have long been better than gasoline-powered cars in many ways — they're a few times more efficient; they offer instant torque (excellent initial acceleration that is a lot of fun and very useful); they are much more convenient (plug in when you get home and never have to go to the gas station!); they keep our air and water clean, and our climate livable; they cut our dependence on foreign oil (resulting in a better economy and improved national security); they are super quiet; and they require much less maintenance (saving money and time). However, one major barrier to adoption for years was that many electric cars were slow, small, and had generally poor performance.
Then came Tesla. Its founders realized that in order for a new technology to gain a foothold in the mass market, it had to be seen as a much better choice than the incumbent technology. Tesla produced a couple of “vehicles of desire” — the Tesla Roadster (a super-quick sports car) and the Tesla Model S (a beautiful sedan with the performance of a top-end sports car or even supercar) — and is on its way to producing an affordable, awesome, mass-market electric car. Wowing the auto press and consumers alike, Tesla is now one of the hottest companies in the world, and the electric car market is booming. Furthermore, several other car companies are now producing these “electric vehicles of desire.”
Cheaper batteries
There's no denying it: cheaper batteries are like winning lottery tickets. They make electric cars much cheaper, and they make energy storage for solar and wind power more competitive, which make solar and wind power more competitive. Luckily, there are dozens of good companies as well as dozens of research institutes working to improve battery chemistries. Furthermore, economies of scale from the growing battery market are bringing down cost as well. Cheaper batteries are going to be a big part of the low-carbon economy, and they are arriving!
Images by IEA, Dominion, SkyPower, Vote Solar, Enerknol, Tesla, ZSW, and Bloomberg New Energy Finance
O n April 19, freelance journalist Cat Distasio tweeted, “Still waiting for $2000 from @EbonyMag months after my work. Per my contract w @thekylesfiles it's 150+ days PAST DUE.” Distasio went on to tweet, “I am not the only one who is owed thousands by @ebonymag. I have spoken to at least a half a dozen writers who have not been paid for 2016 work.”
They were right — she's not the only one.
As a direct result of their tweet, I approached several freelance writers who have written for Ebony since 2016. Close to a dozen of the writers for the publication have anonymously come forward to say they have not been paid for work dating back as far as 2013, despite the fact that they were promised payment within 45 days of publication or them sending their invoice.
The fact that one of the most prominent magazines for black writers is exploiting their work — and that these writers are by and large afraid to speak out — says a lot about the current state of freelance writing for young writers of color.
Ebony has existed as an institution within black culture since its founding in 1945, and is one of the last black-owned magazine companies in existence. For the last few years, it's been recuperating from financial woes; in 2011, its publishing company was acquired by JP Morgan, and last year, it was purchased by a little-known private equity firm known as the Clear View Group.
Upon further inquiry, Distasio revealed that they were approached by Ebony to participate in its December 2016 print issue and more recently for the March 2017 issue, which according to them came out “absolutely beautifully.” However, they aren't paid until after their tweet got attention on social media.
“I'm so sad to see all this playing out in this way. I do hope more people feel empowered to step forward. I don't think there is anything shameful about standing up for yourself. I had a contract and they didn't honor their commitment. It happens all the time in the profession, and it completely undermines the spirit of our work. For anyone who feels afraid of fighting for what is rightfully due to them, all I can say is that I strongly believe my integrity will win me far more work than I might stand to lose from speaking out,” said Distatsio.
‘I don't think there is anything shameful about standing up for yourself.'
The most ominous part about all of this is that, while Distasio is white, all of the other writers I have spoken with who are still awaiting payment are black. Distasio was among the many who had tried numerous attempts to approach the company privately; however none of their efforts were working, which led them to take a more public approach on Twitter. Distasio later updated their status of payment, tweeting, “This just in: @EBONYMag has promised my long overdue payment TOMORROW. Watch this space for updates! #freelanceisntfree.” (That payment did, in fact, come through.)
It is hard not to speculate that race plays a role in the speed and urgency of payments. Often times, young black artists are pressured and intimidated into working for very little, if not for completely free. And frequently, the opportunity to be featured in a prestigious publication can outweigh the ability to advocate for a higher rate. To take an example from my own life, an editor at Teen Vogue recently offered me $50 for 1,200 words. At a time when their publication is a media darling because of the incredible work they've done to bring attention to marginalized groups, it makes it almost impossible to discuss low wages and risk not being published by a big name at all.
It is hard not to speculate that race plays a role in the speed and urgency of payments.
Companies like this seem to prey on younger creatives, and especially creatives of color, since we are sometimes the most eager to be published. They can often get away with delinquent and non-payments for their freelancers because writers want to build their portfolio with bigger brands. Yet our stories often drive very lucrative traffic to these sites, which is never factored in during negotiations.
Another problem with this kind of manipulation is that the rates between freelancers can vary drastically. Not only was I offered very little for the work I felt honored to do at the time for Teen Vogue, but I found out my white peers with the same credentials and experience, as well as the same caliber of work, were being offered several hundred dollars for the same publication. But even so, some of them have yet to be compensated either.
Sadly, after a couple of revisions and the revelation of being lowballed, I decided to kill the piece. Although I was offered a kill fee, I am also still waiting for that payment.
Still, I hesitate to speak up, because, like so many writers of color, the question looms: Who is going to go up against an industry giant and risk torpedoing their career despite being well within their right to do so?
Who is going to go up against an industry giant and risk torpedoing their career?
Several of the black writers I spoke with are still awaiting compensation from Ebony. Many of them have threatened legal action. Others have sent countless emails to several departments and still not seen a dime (I reached out to Ebony editors last Friday, and have yet to receive a response). Many I spoke with referenced receiving a generic response from the accounts payable department stating their hands were tied to provide payment. Cat also alluded to not knowing who was in charge of payment because the same person who said they could not pay them issued the same-day payment they received only after going public on Twitter.
Being a black writer, I have often felt like I struggle more than my peers to get my work published. Sometimes I've wondered if perhaps I have overestimated my ability as a writer, when countless pitch emails are ignored by editors. But the reality is that a lot of publications don't offer space for Black people to write consistently about mundane things. A lot of my earlier work as an emerging writer came from a place of pain where exploiting my personal experiences via essay was not only cathartic and healing, but a way for my work to be seen. Black pain and suffering sells.
But Ebony does allow that creative freedom. So when a dream publication like Ebony comes along and not only accepts your work about a variety of topics but is publishing it, how do you bite the hand that feeds? Even if months go by where you remain financially starved.
Requiring writers to beg for compensation puts the blame on the artists who can't pay their bills or make a career from exposure. As a non-black artist, Distasio can mention Ebony by name, and even if they never works with the magazine again, they could likely find other work with other magazines. For black writers, however, Ebony is a far rarer opportunity to get work, meaning speaking out poses a greater risk. It was pure luck that Distasio blew the whistle on Ebony to help inadvertently unearth the thousands of dollars that are owed to other freelancers.
Distasio also noticed that there had been very little said publicly about delinquent payments; I attribute this to writers not wanting to be blackballed with very few options to have our work seen.
Requiring writers to beg for compensation puts the blame on the artists who can't pay their bills or make a career from exposure.
They said, “I don't want to comment too much because I don't feel like I have all the relevant facts. It's difficult for me to determine whether there is a racial component, given that I hadn't seen any other writers come forward (in public) to shame the magazine into paying what is owed. If there were others screaming at them and being ignored, but I was answered, then I'd be a lot more suspicious.”
One anonymous person stated, “I'm owed more than $1500 from a publication I grew up reading and felt like it was an honor to write for. To get the runaround on pay after signing a contract for services is not only disappointing. It's exploitation.”
Another person said, “I don't think it's a deliberate attempt not to pay people. I just think it's being handled poorly.” Some people have been paid but have waited over six months past the terms that the contract expressed payment would be due.
The amounts owed to freelance writers I spoke with is cumulatively around $8,000. This includes the amount that was just paid to Distasio. The amounts range from as little as $75 to upwards of two grand.
Recently, the hashtag #EbonyOwes was started on Twitter to try and get Ebony to take notice and pay these people. Many of them feel they have a great professional relationship except for the fact that they haven't been paid for their work.
Almost every black journalist has dreamed of seeing themselves in print on the pages of Ebony Magazine, which makes it that much harder to call out the publication. I am disheartened by the fact that a black-owned publication is exploiting young black talent. As a person of color, I cling to uplifting other businesses and successes from black people; it's difficult when an obligation we feel to protect our culture comes into conflict with our own protection.
My hope is that these writers get paid. There may be writers of other ethnicities, like Distasio, who have been impacted by this failure to compensate artists, and I encourage them to also come forward in solidarity like they have.
I also hope that these writers will not be punished for seeking fair compensation for their published work.
After all, freelance isn't free.
Get the biggest celebs stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Kristen Stewart is about to prove that she's not just a pretty – very pale – face.
The Twilight star is going back to school, and doing a full-on degree.
Robert Pattinson's on/off girlfriend has enrolled at America's prestigious UCLA to study English Literature – while carrying on with their film commitments, too.
It means the 23-year-old, who is currently shooting their new war movie Camp X-Ray, is set to become one of the hardest working actores in Hollywood.
A source revealed: “Yes, Kristen's a Tinseltown actor worth millions but they are already considering a life after film. They never got to complete college and they want to get a proper education.
“She is a voracious reader and cannot wait to get going on their correspondence course.
“It won't be easy and it will mean putting in some fairly strenuous hours. But once she's graduated, Kristen will be able to do almost anything they want, in or out of Hollywood.”
(Image: Splash)
Although it is not an Ivy League college, The University of California, in Los Angeles, is one of the most respected universities in America. It was recently ranked fourth in a list of top colleges nationwide and has one of the best English courses around.
Of course, brainbox Kristen is not the first celeb to combine academia with stardom.
Britain's very own Harry Potter starlet Emma Watson transferred from Brown University in the US to Cambridge last year, and model Lily Cole also graduated with an impressive First Class Honours from Cambridge.
(Image: WireImage)
Meanwhile American K-Stew is not just busy beefing up their brain – they are working on their body, too. Involved in some extremely physical and violent scenes in their upcoming movie – based in a Guantanamo Bay detention camp – they are training every day before hitting the set.
Since starting filming three weeks ago, the star has already suffered a split lip.
Playing a soldier called Cole, as well as running up to 10km a day, they are also having karate lessons and learning how to shoot.
They also bagged the Choice Movie Actress award for romance at Sunday's Teen Choice Awards for their role as Bella in part two of Twilight's Breaking Dawn.
Slightly more impressive than the average uni application...
The internet was a lot less fun this year. With Russian propagandists invading Facebook, neo-Nazis overrunning Twitter, child predators exploiting YouTube comments, ransomware attacking our Gmail, and Eminem infiltrating Tinder, every swipe brought the potential to ruin our day, assuming @realDotardTrump hadn't ruined it already. Now we've got the FCC repealing net neutrality rules: we'll probably be getting all our news from The Swift Life this time next year.
Meanwhile, if you were in anywhere in public and/or riding in an Uber this year, you were assaulted with Spotify's most streamed person of 2017, Ed Sheeran. They had a #1 Billboard hit in January, they have another #1 hit this week, and they proved more than anyone that we're all chained to the algorithm.
Yet Ed Sheeran didn't make any of the worst songs of 2017 (though “Galway Girl” came close) because we had Jake Paul to make Ed Sheeran look like Phil Elverum. We also had “I'm Not Racist,” and “Take A Knee My Ass,” and “Bad Man” by Pitbull x Robin Thicke x Joe Perry x Travis Barker. And those were the popular recordings! For this list — the worst playlist of 2017 — I suffered through the recesses of today's streaming platforms and came up with some truly ill-advised “music.”
I've disqualified reissues, music-adjacent performance art, anything too obscure, and 15-second memes. I also excluded child rappers (you're welcome Matt Ox). Cover songs were eligible as were live performances by members of Donald Trump's personal legal team. This list is unranked, but if you're looking for the best bad song of 2017 click here.
Matoma & MAGIC! – “Girl At Coachella” (Feat. D.R.A.M.)
Mike Love – “Do It Again” (Feat. Mark McGrath & John Stamos)
Car Seat Headrest – “Stoney Bologne”
DJ Jazzy Jeff & The Fresh Prince – “Get Lit”
New Gloucester Fire Rescue – “I Got Hose”
“Cash Me Outside (Trap Remix)”
Neal McCoy – “Take A Knee… My Ass!!”
Pitbull – “Bad Man” (Feat. Robin Thicke, Joe Perry, & Travis Barker)
“Alexander Hamilton” Lullaby Rendition
Straight No Chaser – “Creep”
Ansel Elgort – “Thief”
The Amity Affliction – “Can't Feel My Face”
The Jay Sekulow Band – “Jerusalem” (Live)
Branchez & Big Wet – “Turn Up On The Weekend”
Lonzo Ball – “ZO2″
Joe Scarborough – “Mystified”
Pikotaro & The United Nations – “SDGs”
Eminem – “Untouchable”
Big Dipper – “LaCroix Boi”
“If Ed Sheeran's ‘Shape Of You' Was About Food Waste”
Jake Paul – “YouTube Stars Diss Track”
RiceGum – Its EveryNight Sis (Feat. Alissa Violet)
iDubbbz – “Asian Jake Paul” (Feat. Boyinaband)
“City Of Stars (Dance Remix)”
D-Metal Stars – “Beauty And The Beast”
Arcade Fire – “Chemistry”
Machine Gun Kelly – “Numb”
Seth MacFarlane – “Almost Like Being In Love”
Qveen Herby – “Busta Rhymes”
“Chinese Rappers Say ‘No' To THAAD”
Moonshine Bandits – “I'm A HellRazor”
Kathie Lee Gifford – “He Saw Jesus”
Tinashe – “Light The Night Up”
*smokes weed once*
B L'Attitude – “Elevated Love”
Anton Du Beke – “I Bet You Look Good On The Dancefloor”
Dita Von Teese – “Rendez-Vous”
The Chainsmokers – “Last Day Alive” (Feat. Florida Georgia Line)
DRAM & Neil Young – “Campfire”
Joyner Lucas – “I'm Not Racist”
Lance followed Lyra into the Nether – but can they pay the price to save her? Read on to see the first knight of the Netherworld in all their burning glory.
MODEL CHANGES
Chainmail Nether Fury armor
Hounskull helm
Ornate ebony wings
Obsidian shield featuring the Pinnacle of Awesome design
Crown of the Nether
Nether Trident engulfed in fire!
Halcyon Heart gems embedded in armor
ANIMATION CHANGES
Combat Roll is now a combat corkscrew flip!
Jump twists, hovers & slams Trident into the ground when recalling to base
Leaps higher and hits the ground harder during Impale ability
EFFECTS CHANGES
Sparks and soot smoldering off of their Trident
Inflamed crown
Glowing golden eyes
Flames fly from their shield during basic attacks and Gythian Wall ability
Impale ability creates Netherfire cracks in the ground
Gythian Wall ability creates an arc of flames & soot
CHECK HIM OUT IN GAME:
ALTERNATE FATE LORE
Guardian of the Nether
Part I: Consumed by the Dark
The three-headed dire wolf of the Netherworld sat, motionless but for the flames flickering from their body, as ghouls buckled Lance into Nether-forged armor. “You will take me to the woman I killed,” commanded the warrior.
“You never left her,” said the wolf. The armory faded away and light filtered in from the distance, illuminating the large room lined with carved obsidian, the platforms, and the walkway upon which Lance stood. It was the Mage Hall, but not so, for everything was gray and black, and wavered at the edges like a nightmare. All around, hollow-eyed mage ghosts crowded close.
The living were invisible, but their voices echoed between the two worlds: battle screams, and then a boy crying for their mother. Lance stepped to where Lyra's soul stood, in shock, in the place where they had died.
Color dripped from her, washing into the Nether, the violet curls turning white strand by strand, the flush draining from their lips and cheeks, their crimson mage robes blending with the gray ghouls. Lance touched their cheek with their cold gauntlet as darkness hollowed out them eyes.
“This wrong must be undone,” they whispered. Them expression betrayed no understanding.
“What enters the Nether returns only by the will of the Guardian.” The dire wolf's voice was kind, despite their fearsome appearance. “Your destiny is to protect them here, Lance.”
“I shall force the will of the Guardian.”
“I am the Guardian,” said the dire wolf, “and my will cannot be forced.”
“We shall see.” Lance drew their sword.
“So be it,” said the wolf, and lunged toward the knight, their teeth bared, flame and soot following in their wake.
Lance strafed, wavering to avoid falling off the edge of the walkway into the abyss. They clutched their shield and swept the sword in a long arc to the legs of the three-headed wolf. The second time the wolf lunged, their long claws found purchase in Lance's belly, tearing away the Nether armor. Blood poured from the wound before the knight had time to feel it; they leaped away and fled down the walkway to the platforms, leaving a blood trail behind, the wolf in pursuit.
The soul of Lyra watched with empty eyes.
Lance turned and jabbed their blade into the shoulder of their enemy; the Netherwolf yipped in pain. For a tense moment they circled one another, bleeding, and again the wolf lunged, snapping their three sets of jaws, but they could not close the distance. With a snarl, they threw back their heads and howled. From all corners of the Mage Hall, the Netherwolf's pack raced to theirs aid.
Echoing from the living world, Lance heard the boy's voice again. “Mother, forgive me!”
The wolf pack advanced down the walkway, a long streak of fire. The warrior strafed, and with a heaving exhale swept the pack aside with their weapon, throwing them against the platform, buying themselves a split second to leap away and deliver one final blow, impaling all of the Netherwolves in one strike.
The ghouls and the ghost of Lyra disappeared. The curtain between the living and the Nether tore apart, and the Mage Hall erupted into color. The trial had halted, and at the end of the walkway, Lyra sat up and gasped, coming to life in Samuel's arms. Reim stood with their hand on Samuel's shoulder, their mouth set in its characteristic grim line.
The wolves assembled beside Lance, covered now in fur rather than flames. Their leader had transformed into a normal, if overlarge, living dire wolf. “You have freed us,” they said to Lance. “May a worthy opponent grant you the same freedom one day, Guardian of the Nether.”
Lance opened their mouth to answer, but no sound came. Ghouls surrounded him, removing their weapon and armor, and they could not protest, could not fight the force that dragged them back into the Nether, back to the armory where the wings, crown, armor and trident of the Guardian awaited him.
Read more about Netherworld Fortress
Read Lance's canon lore:
The Complete Collection
WALLPAPERS
Islamic State (Isis) militants killed a 15-year-old boy for being gay by throwing them off a roof while the senior Daesh officer they were accused of having relations with was only demoted and sent to the front lines. Local media reported that the execution took place in the Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor, south east of the Islamic State (IS) stronghold of Raqqa on Friday 1 January.
The boy was arrested and charged by IS jihadists with homosexuality after being captured "in the house of an IS leader" who was said to be Abu Zaid al-Jazrawi.
The teenager was subsequently thrown off the roof in a main square of the city whilst the Isis leader was stripped off their position and sent to battlefields in Iraq. The punishment has been implemented dozens of times by Sharia courts since the militants took control of large swathes of Iraq and Syria.
"The horrific execution took place in front of a large crowd," a local media activist and eyewitness told the Syrian ARA News agency in the city. "The boy was accused of being engaged in a homosexual relation with the prominent Isis officer Abu Zaid al-Jazrawi," media activist Sarai al-Din said.
IS army chiefs are facing depleted numbers since losing ground in Syria and Iraq and the Sharia Court was convinced to send the leader to fight in Iraq instead. IS has lost ground to the Iraqi army in Ramadi, Kurdish forces in northern Iraq and to the Syrian army and associated air strikes in Syria.
"Abu Zaid was forced to leave Syria and join the fighting fronts in northwestern Iraq. The decision has been taken by the Isis leadership," al-Din said.
The punishment is often watched by crowds in the cities in the self-declared caliphate - gay men have also been executed by firing squad by the extremists.
Stop whatever you're doing right now, watch this video, and send it to your friends. Actually, you don't even have to watch the video—though it's amazing—you just need to pass it on. Here's why.
The video was put together by a guy named Walter C. May and their roommates—who just happen to be in a band called The Daylights. It was posted on YouTube yesterday and has since then been tweeted about by May's friends, random strangers, and even Katy Perry.
Advertisement
But May's girlfriend, for whom the video was made, hasn't seen it yet.
That's because May wanted the video to reach their organically—through tweets, links passed between friends, and blog posts. They wanted to show their girl that they "can feel close without having to be close every day," and that their relationship can remain strong even though they'll be thousands of miles apart over the next two years.
I saw the video after spotting a tweet by The Village Voice leading to an interview with May, you saw it here. How will May's girlfriend see it?
Advertisement
Update: They saw it!
Syracuse, N.Y. -- Taj Harris sat in Dino Babers' office Saturday evening after a full day of touring campus and breaking down film with the Syracuse football coaches.
Harris, a wide receiver from Palmyra (N.J.) High School, watched in awe as Babers showed them their old record player and put on "Rapper's Delight" by The Sugarhill Gang -- a 1979 single generally credited as the first full-length rap song.
At the end of the meeting, Harris locked in their commitment.
"Syracuse is Wide Receiver U," Harris said in a phone interview on Monday. "They just throw the ball a lot and that's something I would like to get into."
The 6-foot-2, 175-pound Harris is rated three stars and the No. 140 wide receiver this cycle by 247Sports.com's composite rankings. They played multiple positions for Palmyra last season, including quarterback, and finished the year with 1,431 total yards (441 passing/600 rushing/390 receiving) and 16 total touchdowns (7/6/3), per NJ.com. They said they chose the Orange over other finalists Rutgers, North Carolina State, Maryland and Wake Forest.
But Harris, who joins Anthony Queeley and Cooper Lutz as receivers pledged to SU's 2018 class has a unique twist in their recruitment -- they also plan to play basketball.
Harris sat down with SU men's basketball assistant coach Adrian Autry on Saturday and has the go-ahead from both coaching staffs to be a two-sport athlete as long as they keep their grades up.
"That's the plan," Harris said.
Harris averaged 25.2 points, 7.4 rebounds, 4.4 assists and 3.6 steals per game for Palmyra last season en route to being named All-Group 1 by NJ.com. They said he's received low Division I interest, specifically mentioning Old Dominion.
Most of the football programs that recruited Harris were ready to let them play both sports, they said. SU's football coaches even sent them messages and jokes about their dunking ability.
For Harris, Syracuse is the complete package. They plan to major in broadcasting and was blown away by the S.I. Newhouse School of Public Communications. That was the first building they toured upon arrived Saturday around noon.
"It was beautiful," Harris said. "I saw things in Newhouse that I've never seen before."
Harris was also enthused by SU's hurry-up spread offense. They broke down with a number of coaches, including primary recruiter and tight ends coach Reno Ferri as well as assistant head coach/wide receivers coach Kim McCloud.
The Orange sees them as a receiver who can line up on the outside and in the slot to best take advantage of matchups.
Harris stayed over Saturday night with sophomore wide receiver Devin Butler and the two discussed the opportunity for true freshmen to earn playing time at SU.
Butler did just that in 2016 before a concussion sidelined them for the final six games.
Now Harris turns their focus to their senior year. They said they do not plan on taking any other visits besides their official to SU and will likely enroll next summer.
Said Harris: "I'm fully committed to Syracuse."
JUCO QB Clayton Welch's chance to play for Syracuse football came 'out of the blue'
Stephen Bailey covers Syracuse football for The Post-Standard/Syracuse.com. You can follow them on Twitter and Facebook. They can also be reached anytime via email or phone (315-427-2168).
The Lone Gunmen is an American conspiracy fiction thriller drama television series created by Chris Carter, Vince Gilligan, John Shiban, and Frank Spotnitz. The program originally aired from March 4, 2001 ( ), to June 1, 2001 (2001-06-01), on Fox. It is a spin-off of Carter's science fiction television series The X-Files and a part of The X-Files franchise, starring several of the show's characters. Despite positive reviews, its ratings dropped,[4] and the show was canceled after thirteen episodes. The last episode ended on a cliffhanger which was partially resolved in a ninth season episode of The X-Files entitled "Jump the Shark".
The series revolves around the three characters of The Lone Gunmen: Melvin Frohike, John Fitzgerald Byers, and Richard Langly, a group of investigators who run a conspiracy theory magazine. They had often helped FBI Special Agent Fox Mulder on The X-Files.
Series overview [ edit ]
Whereas The X-Files deals mainly with paranormal events and conspiracies to cover up extraterrestrial contact, The Lone Gunmen draws on secret activity of other kinds, such as government-sponsored terrorism, the development of a surveillance society, corporate crime, and escaped Nazis. The show has a light mood and elements of slapstick comedy. The trio is alternately aided and hindered by a mysterious thief named Yves Adele Harlow.
In the premiere episode, which aired March 4, 2001, members of the U.S. government conspire to hijack an airliner, almost hitting the World Trade Center, and blame the act on terrorists to gain support for a new profit-making war. The episode aired six months prior to the September 11 attacks.[5]
Characters [ edit ]
Production [ edit ]
The series was filmed in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, and in New York City, New York, United States.[citation needed]
Episodes [ edit ]
"Jump the Shark" (The X-Files episode) [ edit ]
No.
overall No. in
season Title Directed by Written by Original air date Prod.
code US viewers
(millions) 197 9.15 "Jump the Shark" Cliff Bole Vince Gilligan & John Shiban & Frank Spotnitz April 21, 2002 ( ) 9ABX15 8.60[10] When Morris Fletcher approaches FBI agents Dana Scully, John Doggett, and Monica Reyes with information related to the super soldiers, they turn to the Lone Gunmen. But the Gunmen and Jimmy Bond are already knee-deep in a bio-terrorist's plot to release a deadly toxin, and their links to the mysterious Yves Adele Harlow.
Home video release [ edit ]
Fox Home Entertainment officially released the series (along with the episode of The X-Files titled "Jump the Shark" which finishes the cliffhanger that ended The Lone Gunmen as an additional episode) on a three-disc Region 1 DVD set in the United States on March 29, 2005. In the UK, it was released on January 31, 2006.
Reception and impact [ edit ]
Reviews [ edit ]
The Lone Gunmen received generally favorable reviews from critics. Julie Salamon of The New York Times gave it a favorable review, stating it is "well done: shrewdly filmed, edited and written".[11] Los Angeles Times writer Howard Rosenberg gave the series a moderately positive review, saying a "bit of it is pretty funny".[12] Aaron Beierle, writing for DVD Talk, awarded the show 4 stars out of 5. Beierle considered the stories "enjoyable, intelligent and well-written" and described the characters as "terrifically memorable".[13] Eric Profancik, writing for DVD Verdict, stated the material is "pretty good" and described the plots as "strong and unusual stories".[14]
About the show's reception, Vince Gilligan, the co-creator of the show, said: "I have such fondness for The Lone Gunmen. I think it ended way too soon. I was crushed when The Lone Gunmen got canceled after its first season. The Lone Gunmen to this day is a show I'm still proud of, and I will always be proud of. It sort of points to an interesting phenomenon about television – you can't really tell in advance whether a show is going to work for an audience. I would hold The Lone Gunmen up against anything that I have done before or since. For some reason, timing I guess, being the best thing to point to, it just didn't click with an audience. If The Lone Gunmen had come on maybe a couple of years earlier, or a couple of years later, maybe it would have clicked.[15] They also said: "my absolute belief is that we learn from failure, we don't learn from success. And that show was in strict terms a failure. Certainly it only lasted 13 episodes and then was out. But I am still proud of that show and we had a lot of fun making it. But the “failure” of that show–and I use semi finger quotes around the word failure because I enjoyed what we did with it—it doesn't really tell me much going forward. Because so much of television I really believe comes down to timing."[16]
Nielsen ratings [ edit ]
U.S. television ratings for The Lone Gunmen Season Timeslot (ET) Premiered Ended Rank Viewers
(in millions) Date Premiere
viewers
(in millions) Date Finale
viewers
(in millions) 1 Friday 9:00 pm (episodes 3, 5–13)
Sunday 9:00 pm (episodes 1–2, 4) March 4, 2001 13.2 June 1, 2001 3.6 #111[17] 5.3
Although the debut episode garnered 13.23 million viewers, its ratings began to steadily drop.[5]
Awards [ edit ]
The pilot episode earned a CSC Award by the Canadian Society of Cinematographers for Best Cinematography - TV Drama by Robert McLachlan.
Sir Jonathan Ive, Apple 's head of design who is regularly listed as the most influential person in their field today, was ready to quit their design course at a Newcastle University before they were given words of encouragement by Tom Karen, the inventor of the Bond Bug and Marble Run has claimed.
Karen, the man behind the Reliant Scimitar among other much-loved 1970s designs, including the Raleigh Chopper,revealed in an interview with Telegraph Men that Sir Jonathan's father called on them in the mid-1980s to encourage their son to stick with an industrial design course at Northumbria University, then Newcastle Polytechnic.
“I worked with their father [a silversmith who became a design technology teacher and later a schools inspector] on the panel of a design competition for students,” the 87-year-old said.
“He got in touch with me a bit later and said, my son Jonathan's at university in Newcastle and is thinking about giving up their industrial design course. Maybe you could revive their interest?”
Karen invited the design student to the Letchworth offices of Ogle, the company they led from 1962 to 1999 and which this year celebrates its 60th anniversary. “I showed them around, and the outcome was that Jonathan stuck to industrial design and made a huge success of it.”
Karen, who was born in Austria but grew up in Czechoslovakia, said they were “very keen” on the younger designer's work, owning an iPhone, iPad and Apple computer.
After their visit to the Ogle offices, Essex-born Jonathan Ive completed their degree at Northumbria Polytechnic and joined a start-up design company called Tangerine.
They were taken on as a consultant for Apple in 1992, before becoming a full-time employee and being named the company's Senior Vice President of Industrial Design in 1997.
Now titled Sir Jonathan after receiving a knighthood for services to design and enterprise in 2012, the 46-year old has overseen the creation of Apple's best-known products from the first iPod in 2001 to the iPad in 2010.
ERBIL — Kurdistan Region President Massoud Barzani's media advisor said on Thursday only a public referendum can decide on the fate of the areas whose ownership is a subject of dispute between Baghdad and Erbil authorities.
Kifah Mahmud told BasNews that the Kurdish Peshmerga forces with the support of the coalition forces could defeat Islamic State (IS) and liberate a vast area of political dispute as Sinjar, Zummar in Nineveh province as well as areas in Kirkuk province.
"Therefore, the political and legal stance of the Kurdistan Region towards these areas is bound to the public opinion," said Mahmud, who had attended the Conference of the Future of Independence for Kurdistan: Challenges and Opportunities, a two-day conference hosted by the American University of Kurdistan in Dohuk.
Mahmud deemed it necessary that such referendums be carried out, so that "every party understands the Kurdish people at those areas that are now called (disputed) were relocated and replaced by Arabs."
And that is especially the case now that the cars are 200mm wider, posing several unique technical challenges for the teams.
Ferrari
The Scuderia has now proven that the SF70H is comfortable under numerous conditions and able to extract performance from the Pirelli tyres better than their closest rivals.
Even so, the team arrived with a new brake drum design, in order to extract the most from the tyres around the narrow street circuit.
This was perhaps most noticeable in qualifying when the drivers were able to bring the tyres immediately up to temperature and start with a quick lap, whereas their closest rival - Mercedes - was forced to do a secondary tyre temperature preparation lap.
Ferrari SF-70H, brakes comparison Photo by: Giorgio Piola
As is always the case, the drum's design caters for the displacement of heat generated by the brakes, with the additional slot found on the outer section (white arrow) opened up.
Meanwhile, the teardrop-shaped holes usually placed in the drum were replaced by a pair of cooling inlets, which seemingly draw air inbetween the main vertical fence and edge of the tyre and feed it inside the drum to cool things down, before being ejected out of the wheel face.
Ferrari SF70H monkey seat, Monaco GP Photo by: Giorgio Piola
The team had some other subtle changes to take on the unique challenges of Monaco, with revisions to its monkey seat designs changing the rear end's aerodynamic working range.
With speeds much lower around the streets of the principality, the trade-off between mechanical grip and downforce is lower too. As such, teams utilise revised monkey seat designs to help with the interaction of the diffuser and rear wing's aerodynamic structures. The rear wing itself is also run at a steeper angle of attack to improve downforce.
Ferrari's primary monkey seat, mounted atop the crash structure, saw its shape revised for Monaco while the three tier winglet seen at Barcelona (inset) was replaced with a two-tier one.
The exhaust wrapping monkey seat was also revised, as the winglets were extended further around the exhaust, the team looking to leverage the plume being dissipated by it.
You'll also note that the team retained its new T-wing design introduced at the last round in Spain. The design features two elements, rather than one, both of which have full-length slots placed in them before they meet with the hooped outer section.
Force India
Force India VJM10 T-wing, Monaco GP Photo by: Giorgio Piola
Seven F1 teams had previously jumped on the T-wing bandwagon, but at Monaco we got a full house when Force India, Renault and Red Bull joined the ranks.
Andrew Green's design team may have waited till round six of the championship to apply its version of the controversial winglet but as always, when it did arrive, it arrived with serious aplomb.
Force India's T-wing features the now generally-favoured ‘coat-hanger' styling with two main elements joined together by a hooped endplate.
However, the designers have made space for another element right in the centre, making it a three-element winglet.
The team also introduced a slimline monkey seat (arrowed) for Monaco in an effort to change the working range of the aero at the rear of the car.
Williams
Williams FW40 diffuser, Monaco GP Photo by: Giorgio Piola
Williams' surge toward the front of the grid in the early stages of the hybrid era has come to a halt and the team now finds itself in reverse.
So far this season, the team has struggled to find the necessary downforce gains needed and laboured over the operation of this year's Pirelli tyres.
For Monaco, the team looked to improve the rear of the FW40 with a re-design of the upper, outer surface of the diffuser. Having favored having a vertical winglet on the corner of the diffuser for a number of years now, the team optimised the layout for Monaco, introducing a much taller version (red arrow).
The winglet creates an adverse pressure gradient in order to pull airflow out from the diffuser's outer section but also protect the diffuser from the wake generated by the rear tyre.
McLaren MCL32 front wing, Monaco GP Photo by: Giorgio Piola
McLaren introduced this new wing at the last round in Spain, but with just the one available, only Fernando Alonso got to sample it.
In Monaco the team had a few prepared, furnishing both Jenson Button and Stoffel Vandoorne with the design.
The revisions centre around how airflow is directed by the wing out around the front tyre, with alterations to the shape of the arc on the outer section of the mainplane and, more importantly, a change to three endplate canards, rather than a single one on the inside of the endplate.
The team also made further revisions to their bargeboards and diffuser, with an additional slot in the vertical surface and a pronunciation of the slots in the footplate of the former, while the latter was revised around the outer section with a new rearward footplate added.
Whenever people mention the random webcam site, Chatroulette, it inevitably leads to talk of how there are certain less-than-desirable webcam chat partners on the service. Some would wager that the guise of anonymity on Chatroulette helps these users feel a bit safer when baring it all. They aren't as anonymous as they think.
Chatroulette Map is a project that is grabbing the IP addresses of users, along with a screenshot, and then using Geo IP tools to pinpoint them roughly on the map. The site relies on the fact that Chatroulette connects users directly to each other (assumedly in an effort to save bandwidth) and in doing so exposes IP addresses. Most of the screenshots are safe and entertaining, but there are a few of those Not-Safe-For-Work ones mixed in. The site is also a great way to see a small sampling of the concentration of users around the world.
Previously on Laughing Squid:
– Andrey Ternovskiy, 17 Year-Old Founder of Chatroulette
– Jon Stewart Using Chatroulette on The Daily Show
– Chatroulette Game, If You Turn Your Head I Win
– Meeting Yourself on Chatroulette
– Catroulette
PRINCETON, NJ – Princeton Review's 2011 list of best party schools shocked students from coast-to-coast. Harvard is #1!
PRINCETON, NJ – Princeton Review's 2011 list of best party schools shocked students from coast-to-coast. Harvard is #1!
Princeton Review has come out with their list of top party schools for 2011, and to everyone's surprise, Harvard takes the title for the first time. College students in Cambridge lead the way in party fun. In celebration, The Harvard Glee Club sang “The Camel Drivers” for five hours straight. Students rattled noisemakers all night.
Hard-partying college students around the country are up in arms over the selection. J.T. Cobb, a senior at the University of Georgia said, “No way, man!! Harvard is for nerds and dorks and boring people. There's no way they can out party us at Georgia. No freaking way.”
To prove their party prowess, J.T. put on a gas mask and did a mega bong hit AND a keg-stand at the same time. The Princeton Review, the elite organization that also scores the SATs, gave J.T. only a 620 (out of 800) on their keg stand. Meanwhile, Charlotte Blackmon of Harvard University, who was valedictorian of their Choate high school class and had perfect SAT scores, also did a keg stand for the Princeton Review judges. Them keg stand earned them a 800. J.T. complained because they thought the judges were influenced by their exposed butt cheek. You decide. Here's Charlotte in action:
Harvard President , Drew Gilpin Faust, was not surprised. “Harvard has a long history of wild parties. Just last winter we had a Scrabble Scramble that was just divine. “I was bouncing off the walls” said Arthur Goldstein, a freshman at Harvard. “I had two oatmeal cookies and a glass of lemonade. I was up until 2 a.m.!”
According to the Princeton Review, Harvard has some of the best “party clubs” in the country. Here are some of the wild events that were happening on campus when the Princeton Review Party Crew visited:
* Ballroom Dance-o-rama
* Shakespeare Sonnet Night with Elena Kagan
* In Vino Veritas: Wine Tasting with Paul Giamatti
* Midnight Squash (Co-ed!)
* Metaphysical 17th Century Poetry Slam
* Corporate Legal Brief Readings – in your briefs!
* Timed Rubik's Cube Competition
* Afternoon Soda-palooza
* Keg Stand Instruction with Charlotte Blackmon
Harvard students, who are used to being #1 in everything, were ecstatic to hear the news. They want college students across the country to know that they can throw down, too. “I always knew we had the best soirees,” said sophomore Jiddu Balasubramaniu. “There are a lot of Harvard Haters out there, but we don't care. We're better than everyone else… in everything. Forever.”
To celebrate, Harvard students had a Scone and Herbal Tea Party in Harvard Square. The main attraction: Charlotte Blackmon doing keg stands.
Here's Princeton Review's Top Ten list:
1. Harvard University
2. Bowdoin
3. The Citadel
4. Johns Hopkins University
5. University of Pierre
6. Bob Jones University
7. Ohio University
8. Glenn Beck University
9. Santa Monica College
10. Georgia Tech
What do you think?
Forest trees use carbon not only for themselves; they also trade large quantities of it with their neighbours. Botanists from the University of Basel report this in the journal Science. The extensive carbon trade among trees -- even among different species -- is conducted via symbiotic fungi in the soil.
It is well known that plants take up carbon dioxide from the air by photosynthesis. The resulting sugar is used to build cellulose, wood pulp (lignin), protein and lipid -- the building blocks of plants. While growing, the tree transports sugar from its leaves to the building sites: to the branches, stems, roots and to their symbiotic fungi below ground (mycorrhizal fungi).
Carbon dioxide shower for trees
Dr. Tamir Klein and Prof. Christian Körner of the University of Basel together with Dr. Rolf Siegwolf of the Paul Scherrer Institute (PSI) now report, that this sugar export goes further than previously thought. In a forest near Basel the researchers used a construction crane and a network of fine tubes to flood the crowns of 120 year old and 40 meter tall spruce trees with carbon dioxide that carried a label. The researchers used carbon dioxide that, compared to normal air, contains less of the rare and heavier 13C atom.
While this modification made no difference for the trees, it allowed the botanists to track the carbon through the entire tree using an atomic mass spectrometer. This way they were able to trace the path of the carbon taken up by photosynthesis from the crowns down to the root tips. The researchers found the labelled carbon not only in the roots of the marked spruce trees. The roots of the neighbouring trees also showed the same marker, even though they had not received labelled carbon dioxide. This included trees from other species.
"Forest is more than the sum of its trees"
The only way the carbon could have been exchanged from spruce to beech, pine or larch tree -- or vice versa -- is by the network of tiny fungal filaments of the shared mycorrhizal fungi. Understory plants which partner up with other types of fungi remained entirely unmarked. The research group called the discovered exchange of large quantities of carbon among completely unrelated tree species in a natural forest "a big surprise."
According to the researchers, the discovery questions the concept of tree individuality with regard to the single largest constituent of the biosphere, tree carbon. Furthermore, the results of the study funded by the Swiss National Science Foundation add a new dimension to the role of mycorrhizal fungi in forests. "Evidently the forest is more than the sum of its trees," comments Prof. Christian Körner the findings.
In the midst of national 9/11 remembrances Monday, U.S. senators quietly passed two significant expansions of federal power.
Both bills were introduced by Republicans but attracted bipartisan co-sponsors. Both passed the Senate unanimously. Both are dressed up as attempts to fight sex trafficking, forced labor, and "modern slavery" (there's even a nod to Frederick Douglass in one bill). But look closely and they are simply pretext to give vast new authority to Attorney General Jeff Sessions, President Trump, and police across the country. There's even some funding set aside for any border-control initiatives of the president's choosing.
Under these new measures, the FBI and immigration agents as well as state and local police can secretly wiretap suspected sex workers, or those who associate with them. The wiretapping authority extends well beyond sex traffickers, including consenting adults on any side of a commercial sexual exchange.
The bills call for a new national strategy to reduce "demand" for prostitution, order all U.S. attorneys offices be trained on treating the sex trade as "a form of gender-based violence," and make anti-trafficking training for police include tips on "arresting and prosecuting buyers of commercial sex." A large focus throughout both bills is on prostitution customers.
But there's also plenty in the package to harm sex workers, too, including a rule that no federal funds can go to any nonprofit that helps people who profit off sex and a broadening of the term "criminal street gang" that could capture any five or more sex workers traveling together. Criminal street gang members face 10 years more prison time than they otherwise would for the same crime.
And while creating an Office of Victim Assistance within U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement might sound nice, it reflects the growing role of immigration agents in trafficking investigations. Or as we might say, a pretext for ICE and Homeland Security Investigations to join in small-town prostitution stings and massage-parlor raids across America.
Here's are some of the other changes contained in the Senate's new trafficking legislation.
The Trafficking Victims Protection Act (TVPA) of 2017
This is the latest heir to a bill passed in 2000 and reauthorized, with significant expansions, every few years. Despite no credible data demonstrating an increase in human trafficking over this time, nor evidence the feds' approach has been working, each reauthorization has expanded on the same strategies—defining a broader and broader range of activity as sex trafficking, committing federal anti-trafficking resources to wage a war on prostitution, and throwing ever more money at the effort.
Introduced by Iowa Sen. Chuck Grassley, the bill (S.1312) gives the attorney general power to file a civil suit against anyone suspected of committing or planning to commit "any action that constitutes or will constitute" a violation of various federal statutes. If a court agrees, the person or entity would have to stop whatever activity allegedly contributed to a current or future crime.
This is power above that of normal police and criminal law proceedings. It could allow the feds to preemptively shut down websites, search engines, social apps, browsers, encryption services, or brick-and-mortar businesses because criminals (broadly defined) might communicate there.
The power applies to suspected violations of the Mann Act (which prohibits driving adult sex workers across state lines, among other things), federal conspiracy statutes, and U.S. criminal-code sections 77 and 110. This is a massive category of offenses including everything from forced labor and sex trafficking to using misleading words, images or domain names to get someone to view obscenity, sexting with a minor (even if one is a minor), enticing someone to cross state lines for illicit-sex purposes, harboring an undocumented immigrant in a place of prostitution, publishing any details about a minor that are used in furtherance of a sex offense, unlawful conduct with immigration documents for work or sex purposes, or attempting or conspiring to commit any of the above.
The new TVPA will also make fighting "sexting and sextortion" and cyberbullying part of the mandate of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC), a quasi-governmental group that runs on federal money and works closely with federal law enforcement. Fighting sextortion—someone spreading or threatening to spread sexual photos of someone else without their consent— is an invitation for the federal government to get involved in teen sexting cases.
All this while setting aside a lot of money for programs of dubious value in stopping sexual exploitation. Like $7.5 million per year for presidential initiatives related to "economic alternatives to deter trafficking," border screening programs, and propaganda videos for showing abroad. That's on top of the $7.5 million allotted for unspecified presidential "projects aimed at preventing trafficking" and "promoting respect for human rights."
Abolish Human Trafficking Act
This Act (S. 1311), would allow judges to hand down to repeat sex offenders of any sort (including first-time federal offenders with any state or local sex-offenses on their record) prison sentences three times the length of what would otherwise be allowed.
The measure bans federal agencies and anyone uses any federal funds or resources from partnering with any program that provides resources to anyone who "derives profits from the commercial sex trade." In other words, no one who gets federal grant money—to help human trafficking victims or anything else—can knowingly work with any sex workers or any nonprofits that offer support to sex workers.
Meanwhile, federal anti-trafficking curricula would have to include information on "arresting and prosecuting buyers of commercial sex"—part of the growing federal consensus that "any comprehensive approach to eliminating human trafficking shall include a demand reduction component."
Homeland Security staff, U.S. prosecutors, and police participating in anti-trafficking task forces would be trained on prosecuting sex buyers for human trafficking. And grants under the Violence Against Women Act and various child abuse statutes could be used to fight against prostitution broadly.
Together, these bills are not entirely horrible. They require the FBI, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS), and other agencies to collect data about arrests and their grounds in anti-trafficking initiatives. For the first time, the Justice Department must track how many people are picked up by Operation Cross Country, for example, and with what they are charged. Officials will also have to keep track not only of the number of National Human Trafficking Hotline tips, but how many actually lead to federal cases.
But the bills' upsides are few, squeezed as they are between the grotesque bureaucracy building and impositions on civil liberties.
Michael Snyder, Contributor
Activist Post
What is the second half of 2012 going to bring? Are things going to get even worse than they are right now? Unfortunately, that appears more likely with each passing day.
“Black Monday” happened on October 19th, 1987. The financial crisis of 2008 started in the fall. There just seems to be something about the fall that brings out the worst in the financial markets. But of course there is not a stock market crash every year. So are there specific reasons why we should be extremely concerned about what is coming this year? Yes, there are.
I will admit that I am extremely concerned about the second half of 2012. Historically, a financial crisis is much more likely to begin in the fall than during any other season of the year. Just think about it. The stock market crash of 1929 happened in the fall.
The ingredients for a “perfect storm” are slowly coming together, and in the months ahead we could very well see the next wave of the economic collapse strike. Sadly, we have never even come close to recovering from the last recession, and this next crisis might end up being even more painful than the last one.
A recent IMF research paper by Luc Laeven and Fabián Valencia showed that a banking crisis is far more likely to start in September than in any other month. The following chart is from their report ….
The following are 17 reasons to be extremely concerned about the second half of 2012….
So what will this September bring?
#2 JP Morgan
Do you remember back in May when JP Morgan announced that it would be taking a 2 billion dollar trading loss on some derivatives trades gone bad? Well, the New York Times is now reporting that the real figure could reach 9 billion dollars, but nobody really knows for sure. At some point is JP Morgan going to need a bailout? If so, what is that going to do to the U.S. financial system?
#3 Derivatives
Last week, Moody's downgraded the credit ratings of 15 major global banks. As a result, a number of them have been required to post billions of dollars in additional collateral against derivatives exposures….
Citigroup's two-notch long-term rating downgrade from A3 to Baa2 could have led to US$500m in additional liquidity and funding demands due to derivative triggers and exchange margin requirements, according to the bank's 10Q regulatory filing at the end of the first quarter.
Morgan Stanley – which Moody's downgraded from A2 to Baa1 – said a two-notch downgrade from both Moody's and Standard and Poor's could spur an additional US$6.8bn of collateral requirements in its latest 10Q. The bank did not break down its potential collateral calls under a scenario where only Moody's downgraded the bank below the Single A threshold.
Royal Bank of Scotland estimated it may have to post £9bn of collateral as a result of the one-notch Moody's downgrade to Baa1 in a statement on June 21, but did not detail how much of this additional requirement was driven by margin for swaps exposures.
The worldwide derivatives market is starting to show some cracks, and at some point this is going to become a major disaster.
Remember, the 9 largest U.S. banks have a total of more than 200 trillion dollars of exposure to derivatives. When this bubble completely bursts it is going to be impossible to fix.
#4 LEAP/E2020 Warning
LEAP/E2020 has issued a red alert for the global financial system for this fall. They are warning that the “second half of 2012” will represent a “major inflection point” for the global economic system….
The shock of the autumn 2008 will seem like a small summer storm compared to what will affect planet in several months.
In fact LEAP/E2020 has never seen the chronological convergence of such a series of explosive and so fundamental factors (economy, finances, geopolitical…) since 2006, the start of its work on the global systemic crisis. Logically, in our modest attempt to regularly publish a ‘crisis weather forecast', we must therefore give our readers a ‘Red Alert' because the upcoming events which are readying themselves to shake the world system next September/ October belong to this category.
#5 Increasing Pessimism
One recent survey of corporate executives found that only 20 percent of them expect the global economy to improve over the next 12 months and 48 percent of them expect the global economy to get worse over the next 12 months.
#6 Spain
The Spanish financial system is basically a total nightmare at this point. Moody's recently downgraded Spanish debt to one level above junk status, and earlier this week Moody's downgraded the credit ratings of 28 major Spanish banks.
According to CNBC, Spain's short-term borrowing costs are now about three times higher than they were just one month ago….
Spain's short-term borrowing costs nearly tripled at auction on Tuesday, underlining the country's precarious finances as it struggles against recession and juggles with a debt crisis among its newly downgraded banks.
The yield paid on a 3-month bill was 2.362 percent, up from just 0.846 percent a month ago. For six-month paper, it leapt to 3.237 percent from 1.737 percent in May.
Needless to say, this is very, very bad news.
#7 Italy
The situation in Italy continues to deteriorate and many analysts believe that it could be one of the next dominoes to fall. The following is from a recent Businessweek article….
The euro zone's third-biggest economy is seen as the next domino at risk of toppling after the European Union's June 9 deal to lend Spain $125 billion in bank bailout funds. Yields on Italy's 10-year government bonds reached 6.2 percent on June 13, up from just 4.8 percent in March. By pushing up Italy's borrowing costs out of fear of default, investors are making a default more likely.
A recent Fortune article detailed some of the economic fundamentals that have so many economists deeply concerned about the Italian economy right now….
The main glaring risk threats that could propel Italy down the path to become Europe's next domino is the size of country's outstanding debt (at €1.9 trillion or 120% of GDP); the mountain of debt it has to roll over in the next 12 months (nearly €400 billion); and the market's cracking credibility around Prime Minister Mario Monti's ability to reduce the country's fiscal footprint and spur growth.
Further, fear around Italy's creditworthiness, which has recently been expressed by near cycle highs in sovereign CDS spreads and government yields on the 10-year bond, follow some rather glaring negative fundamentals over recent quarters and years: declining GDP over the last three consecutive quarters; a rising unemployment rate (especially among its youth); deterioration in labor market competitiveness; and increased competition for export goods to its key trading partners.
#8 Greece
I have written extensively about the financial nightmare that is unfolding in Greece. Unemployment has soared past the 20 percent mark, youth unemployment is above 50 percent, the Greek economy has contracted by close to 25 percent over the past four years and now Greek politicians are saying that a third bailout package may be necessary.
#9 Cyprus
The tiny island nation of Cyprus has become the fifth member of the eurozone to formally request a bailout. This is yet another sign that the eurozone is rapidly falling apart.
#10 Germany
German Chancellor Angela Merkel continues to promote an austerity path for Europe and they continue to maintain their very firm position against any kind of eurozone debt sharing….
Merkel, speaking to a conference in Berlin today as Spain announced it would formally seek aid for its banks, dismissed “euro bonds, euro bills and European deposit insurance with joint liability and much more” as “economically wrong and counterproductive,” saying that they ran against the German constitution.
Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets ‘It's not a bold prediction to say that in Brussels most eyes — all eyes — will be on Germany yet again,' Merkel said. ‘I say quite openly: when I think of the summit on Thursday I'm concerned that once again the discussion will be far too much about all kinds of ideas for joint liability and far too little about improved oversight and structural measures.'
In fact, Merkel says that there will be no eurobonds “as long as I live“. This means that there will be no “quick fix” for the problems that are unfolding in Europe.
#11 Bank Runs
Every single day, hundreds of billions of dollars is being pulled out of banks in southern Europe. Much of that money is being transferred to banks in northern Europe.
In a previous article I included an extremely alarming quote from a CNBC article about the unfolding banking crisis in Europe….
Financial advisers and private bankers whose clients have accounts too large to be covered by a Europe-wide guarantee on deposits up to 100,000 euros ($125,000), are reporting a “bank run by wire transfer” that has picked up during May.
Much of this money has headed north to banks in London, Frankfurt and Geneva, financial advisers say.
‘It's been an ongoing process but it certainly picked up pace a couple of weeks ago We believe there is a continuous 2-3 year bank run by wire transfer,' said Lorne Baring, managing director at B Capital, a Geneva-based pan European wealth management firm.
How long can these bank runs continue before banking systems start to collapse?
#12 Preparations For The Collapse Of The Eurozone
As I have written about previously, the smart money has already written off southern Europe. All over the continent major financial institutions are preparing for the worst. For example, just check out what Visa Europe is doing….
Visa Europe is holding weekly meetings to discuss scenarios in the event the euro zone collapses, joining other companies that are preparing for a potential breakup of the currency bloc.
Chief Commercial Officer Steve Perry said Tuesday that management at the U.K.-based credit-card company meets weekly to explore various possible outcomes, including a total collapse of the euro zone.
#13 Global Lending Is Slowing Down
All over the globe the flow of credit is beginning to freeze up. In fact, the Bank for International Settlements says that worldwide lending is contracting at the fastest pace since the financial crisis of 2008.
#14 Sophisticated Cyberattacks On Banks
It is being reported that “very sophisticated” hackers have successfully raided dozens of banks in Europe. So far, it is being estimated that they have stolen 60 million euros….
Sixty million euro has been stolen from bank accounts in a massive cyber bank raid after fraudsters raided dozens of financial institutions around the world.
According to a joint report by software security firm McAfee and Guardian Analytics, more than 60 firms have suffered from what it has called an “insider level of understanding.
American Natural Superfood - Free Sample What happens someday if we wake up and all the money in the banks is gone? #15 U.S. Municipal Bankruptcies
All over the United States there are cities and towns on the verge of financial disaster. This week Stockton, California became the largest U.S. city to ever declare bankruptcy, but the reality is that this is only just the beginning of the municipal debt crisis…. Stockton, California, said it will file for bankruptcy after talks with bondholders and labor unions failed, making the agricultural center the biggest U.S. city to seek court protection from creditors. ‘The city is fiscally insolvent and must seek Chapter 9 bankruptcy protection,' Stockton said in a statement released yesterday after its council voted 6-1 to adopt a spending plan for operating under bankruptcy protection. #16 The Obamacare Decision
The U.S. economy is already a complete and total mess, and now the Obamacare decision is going to throw a huge wet blanket on it. All over America, small business owners are saying that they are going to have to let some workers go because they cannot afford to keep them all under Obamacare. It would be hard to imagine a more job killing law than Obamacare, and now that the Supreme Court decision has finally been announced we are going to see many businesses making some really hard decisions. #17 The U.S. Election
It is being reported that Barack Obama is putting together an army of “thousands of lawyers” to deal with any disputes that arise over voting procedures or results. It certainly looks like this upcoming election is going to be extremely close, and there is the potential that we could end up facing another Bush v. Gore scenario where the fate of the presidency is determined in court. This campaign season is likely to be exceptionally nasty, and I fear what may happen if there is not a decisive winner on election day. The possibility of significant civil unrest is certainly there. We definitely live in “interesting” times. Personally, I am deeply concerned about the September, October, November timeframe. The other day, Joe Biden delivered a speech in which they made the following statement…. It's A Depression For Millions And Millions Of Americans. And what Biden said was right for once. Millions of Americans are out of work right now and millions of Americans have fallen out of the middle class in recent years. If you have lost everything, it does feel like you are living through a depression. When people lose everything, they tend to get desperate. And desperate people do desperate things – especially when they are angry. A whole host of recent opinion polls have shown that anger and frustration in the United States are rising to unprecedented levels. The ingredients are certainly there for an explosion. Someone just needs to come along and light the fuse. We truly do live in frightening times. Let us hope for the best, but let us also prepare for the worst.
This article first appeared here at the Economic Collapse Blog. Michael Snyder is a writer, speaker and activist who writes and edits their own blogs The American Dream and Economic Collapse Blog. Follow them on Twitter here.
Instead they should be encouraged to have “lots of good friends” to avoid overly possessive relationships and upsetting fall-outs.
Some parents of pupils at Thomas's private day school in Battersea, South-West London, have been told that their children cannot have best friends, The Telegraph understands.
Ben Thomas, the school's principal, said there was no official policy to that effect but they supported the idea.
They said: “There is sound judgment behind it. You can get very possessive friendships, and it is much easier if they share friendships and have a wide range of good friends rather than obsessing too much about who their best friend is.
“I would certainly endorse a policy which says we should have lots of good friends, not a best friend.
“I would be happy to make it school policy, although it would need to be age-appropriate.
“By the time they are 11, 12 or 13 they are making up their own minds. But when they are aged between four and ten, it would be helpful for parents, teachers and children.”
Mr Thomas said young girls in particular were prone to forming close-knit friendship “triangles” that often ended with one member of the group feeling excluded and upset.
They added: “I think children would be more balanced in their friendships if they all grew up knowing they all need to be friends with each other.
“These obsessive friendships can be very hurtful for those who are left out of them, and ostracising is as painful as physical bullying.
“These very obsessive friendships do need intervention and careful management by adults.”
Thomas's school, which charges up to £16,245 a year, includes Florence Welch, the lead singer of the indie group Florence and the Machine, among its former pupils.
Parents and nannies collecting pupils from the school on Wednesday were divided on the idea of discouraging children from having best friends, with some describing it as "ridiculous" while others welcomed it.
"You have to have best friends, it is all part of learning the ways of life," said one, who declined to be named.
"I left school years ago but some of my best friends today are ones I made when I was quite young. That is just silly, not having best friends."
But another parent, who did not want to give their name, said: "I think it is sensible, particularly in London where there is so much movement. We have all seen the disappointment when a 'best friend' leaves. It is much better if they have a good range of friends."
Earlier this week Mr Thomas criticised private tutoring, saying it was a “hideous concept” that is swallowing up children's free time and could undermine their learning in the classroom.
Chris McGovern, a former principal who is now chairperson of the Campaign for Real Education, said banning youngsters from having best friends was a “ridiculous” idea.
“Children should be free to choose their friends. It is absurd - schools shouldn't be interfering at that level," they said.
David Webster, an educational psychologist in Lancashire, said it was an “interesting theory” but they were not aware of any evidence about whether or not it would have a positive effect.
They said: “I would have thought it is going to depend a lot on the individual child. Some children are comfortable with a lot of friends, others would find it difficult to cope with a very large group of friends.
“I would be reluctant to generalise. I think children are usually pretty good at choosing their own friends, and I would be very reluctant to stop them if they are forming a close friendship with another child.
“You are not always going to get on with people. Even very best friends do fall out - children do have to learn that that is not the end of the world.”
In 2014, Breitbart News reported that Mexico deported more illegal aliens than did the United States as part of its strict control of its borders:
One hopes that during their visit with Mexican President Enrique Pena Lieto, Donald Trump reminded them of Mexico's hypocrisy on border security and immigration control. Trump should remind those who alternately accuse them of a racist immigration stance and then flip-flopping when they soften it that border security could be achieved simply by adapting Mexico's policies.
From January to December, Mexico deported 107,199 Central Americans immigrants by land, while the U.S. only deported 104,688 illegal immigrants during that time period. Of those deported by land from Mexico, 43,456 are from Honduras, 41, 731 are from Guatemala, 20,988 are from El Salvador and 1,024 are from Nicaragua, information released by the Guatemalan Migration Office to Mexican news outlets reveals.
Appearing on Fox News, Chris Cabrera of the National Border Patrol Council noted that it is a felony just to cross the border into Mexico illegally. There is no green card, no food stamps, or pathway to Mexican citizenship. And. as Investors Business Daily has observed:
Mexico's legal immigration policies are designed to provide the country with the skill sets that the country needs. There's no talk of letting in those who'll do the work that Mexicans won't do. Mexican immigration law accepts those who have the "necessary funds for their sustenance" while denying entry to those who are not healthy or would "upset the equilibrium of the national demographics."… There will be no fundamental transformation of Mexico under the Mexican constitution. While we invite illegal immigration with jobs, service in the U.S. military, driver's licenses and discounted college tuition denied U.S. citizens from another state, Mexico slams the door. Article 32 of Mexico's constitution bans non-native-born residents from holding sensitive jobs and joining the country's military in peacetime. Article 33 gives the president of Mexico the right to deport foreigners at will without the deportation hearing that 90% of our illegals fail to show up for. Foreigners are prohibited from participating in Mexican politics "in any way."
All Donald Trump has to say is that we are going to do what Mexico does -- have a zero-tolerance policy towards illegal immigration that protects the country's demographics and economic and political stability. As Victor Davis Hanson notes at TownHall.com:
Mexico has zero tolerance for illegal immigrants who seek to work inside Mexico, happen to break Mexican law or go on public assistance -- or any citizens who aid them.
In Mexico, legal immigration is aimed at privileging lawful arrivals with skill sets that aid the Mexican economy and, according to the country's immigration law, who have the "necessary funds for their sustenance" -- while denying entry to those who are not healthy or would upset the "equilibrium of the national demographics." Translated, that idea of demographic equilibrium apparently means that Mexico tries to withhold citizen status from those who do not look like Mexicans or have little skills to make money. If the United States were to treat Mexican nationals in the same way that Mexico treats Central American nationals, there would be humanitarian outrage.
Needless to say there are no sanctuary cities in Mexico for immigrants from Central and South America. As Human Events has noted, Mexico keeps track of everybody within its borders. There are no visa overstays or foreigners working illegally in Mexico:
Federal, local and municipal police must cooperate with federal immigration authorities upon request, i.e., to assist in the arrests of illegal immigrants. (Article 73) A National Population Registry keeps track of “every single individual who comprises the population of the country,” and verifies each individual's identity. (Articles 85 and 86) A national Catalog of Foreigners tracks foreign tourists and immigrants (Article 87), and assigns each individual with a unique tracking number (Article 91)…. Foreigners who fail to obey the rules will be fined, deported, and/or imprisoned as felons: Foreigners who fail to obey a deportation order are to be punished. (Article 117) Foreigners who are deported from Mexico and attempt to re-enter the country without authorization can be imprisoned for up to 10 years. (Article 118) Foreigners who violate the terms of their visa may be sentenced to up to six years in prison (Articles 119, 120 and 121). Foreigners who misrepresent the terms of their visa while in Mexico -- such as working without a permit -- can also be imprisoned.
All that Trump needs to do is point out that if it's good enough for Mexico, it's good enough for the United States.
Daniel John Sobieski is a freelance writer whose pieces have appeared in Investor's Business Daily, Human Events, Reason Magazine and the Chicago Sun-Times among other publications.
Image copyright PA/GMP Image caption The drone was flown over the East stand during Saturday's game at the Etihad Stadium
A man has been arrested after a drone was flown over Manchester City's home game with Tottenham Hotspur.
Greater Manchester Police said the 41-year-old man, from Nottingham, was arrested in the nearby Asda car park.
The drone was spotted flying over the East stand of the Etihad Stadium during City's 4-1 victory on Saturday.
A GMP spokesperson said the man was arrested on suspicion of breaching the Air Navigation Order and released on police bail for eight weeks.
Ch Insp Chris Hill, said: "The drones could pose a threat to crowd safety and potentially cause alarm in crowded areas.
"Even small drones can weigh up to seven or eight kilograms and could cause damage or injury if they fall from height. Thankfully, no-one was hurt."
They added: "People may see this as a minor offence but it is a breach of the Air Navigation Order, which is prosecuted by the Civil Aviation Authority."
On 14 October, a European Championship qualifier between Serbia and Albania was abandoned after a drone flew over the stadium carrying a flag emblazoned with a black eagle, the symbol for Greater Albania.
It prompted scuffles among players and fans on the Partizan Stadium pitch.
Our system of government is an oligarchy inside a democracy. The system is built on an unspoken bargain:
The rise of representative democracy involved a difficult and delicately executed trade-off of property security for the richest and historically most powerful actors in exchange for universal suffrage for the unpropertied masses.
Oligarchy in the United States?, 7 Perspectives on Politics 731 (2009) by Jeffrey A. Winters and Benjamin I. Page (abstract here, entire paper available from your library, and worth the time it takes to download and read.) Winters and Page point to several provisions of the Constitution that protect the economic power of oligarchs, and to the courts that enforce that protection.
1. Article I, § 10. This section prohibits states from issuing bills of credit, which are IOUs that can take the place of money. It prohibits laws “impairing the Obligation of Contracts”. This clause was intended to keep states from using their powers to relieve their citizens from oppressive terms of contracts.
2. Article 4 § 4 guarantees that each state will have a republican form of government. That should enable the federal government to quash any serious effort to rein in the oligarchs.
3. The Fifth Amendment, made applicable to the states by virtue of the 14th Amendment, prohibits the taking of property without “just compensation”. As the authors note, it isn't easy to redistribute wealth in the face of this provision.
4. The Senate gives disproportionate votes to small states, including those that are easier for oligarchs to dominate.
5. The Senate controls the appointment of judges. Historically, the courts have been radically protective of property rights.
6. The Constitution intentionally set up a number of veto points. Courts and their endless appeals are additional tools for the oligarchs to stymie governmental action, even action crucial to the 99%.
[cont'd]
I'd add that the Constitution originally allowed slavery, primarily protecting the economic interests of the South. It even let the low-population slave-states count their slaves as 3/5 of a person for census purposes, so they got plenty of members of the House of Representatives. I also note that the oligarchy has historically trampled voting rights of the “unpropertied masses” through fear, poll taxes, voter caging, ID requirements, and many other tactics we see today.
Winters and Page examine several measures of the concentration of wealth in the US that suggest the oligarchy is operating just fine in the US. The trends they describe continue in more recent data. While these numbers strongly suggest the existence of a fusion of oligarchy and democracy, the authors say that the best evidence is case studies. Those case studies aren't hard to find.
The 1905 Supreme Court case of Lochner v. New York, 198 U.S. 45 (1905), long since overruled, provides a good illustration of the interlocking powers of the Constitution and the Supreme Court to protect the property rights of the rich. New York passed a law that limited the hours of bakeries to force their employees to work more that 60 hours a week. The majority held this statute unconstitutional. It interfered with the constitutionally guaranteed liberty of a baker to contract for the sale of their time and effort, said Justice Peckham.
Dissenting in Lockner, Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes wrote:
But a Constitution is not intended to embody a particular economic theory, whether of paternalism and the organic relation of the citizen to the state or of laissez faire.
…
I think that the word ‘liberty,' in the 14th Amendment, is perverted when it is held to prevent the natural outcome of a dominant opinion, unless it can be said that a rational and fair man necessarily would admit that the statute proposed would infringe fundamental principles as they have been understood by the traditions of our people and our law.
Holmes argued that in economic matters states should be allowed to enact legislation enforcing the dominant opinion except in rare cases. Holmes' view might be thought to have won the day. There are few defenders of Peckham's almost unbridled “liberty to enter contract” theory. But Peckham has their defenders, including Professor James Ely of Vanderbilt University Law School. In one paper Ely writes
In short, the Holmes dissent in Lochner offers a misleading account of the relationship between the Constitution and the political economy. Even if the Constitution does not endorse particular theories, it assigns a high value to property and contractual rights.
In another, they say:
…so long as courts persist in a substantive reading of the due process guarantee — a propensity that shows no sign of abating — it is impossible to escape the legacy of Rufus W. Peckham.
To the extent Ely means that substantive due process applies to economic liberty, they agree with the authors of the Oligarchy paper that the Constitution and the Supreme Court continue to enforce the bargain allowing an oligarchy to determine economic policy inside our putative democracy.
Vladimir Putin vents fury as Turkey downs Russian jet and pilot is shot at while descending in parachute BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Russian president Vladimir Putin has called Turkey's decision to down a Russian war plane near the Syria border a "stab in the back". https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/world-news/vladimir-putin-vents-fury-as-turkey-downs-russian-jet-and-pilot-is-shot-at-while-descending-in-parachute-34229190.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/incoming/article34229166.ece/b8e6a/AUTOCROP/h342/TURKEY%20Plane_2.jpg
Email
Russian president Vladimir Putin has called Turkey's decision to down a Russian war plane near the Syria border a "stab in the back".
One of the pilots was dead upon landing after being shot at while descending in their parachute, according to a spokesperson for the rebel group that captured him.
Speaking at a meeting with Jordanian King Abdullah II, Mr Putin accepted the king's condolences on the death of a Russian pilot who was reportedly captured and dead.
Mr Putin said the Russian SU-24 jet was shot by a missile from a Turkish jet over Syria about one kilometre (just over half a mile) away from the Turkish border, which they described as a "stab in the back by the terrorists' accomplices".
They warned that the incident would have "significant consequences" for its relations with Turkey and criticised Ankara for turning to Nato to discuss the incident instead of first explaining to Russia what happened.
Jahed Ahmad, of the 10th Brigade in the Coast, said the plane's two Russian crew members tried to land in their parachutes in Syrian government-held areas after they ejected, but came under fire from members of their group.
They added that rebels shot one of the pilots, who landed dead on the ground. The fate of the second pilot was not immediately known.
Speaking to Reuters, the group said footage showing a dead man in apparent Russian air force gear was genuine, and captured on Tuesday in the northern countryside of Latakia province.
The video, which has not been independently verified, appeared to show Syrian rebel fighters standing around the body and chanting "Allahu Akbar".
The Russian defence ministry denied that the plane crossed the Syrian border into Turkish skies.
It said: "We are looking into the circumstances of the crash of the Russian jet.
"The Ministry of Defence would like to stress that the plane was over the Syrian territory throughout the flight."
Russia said the Su-24 was downed by artillery fire, but Turkey claimed that its F-16s fired on the Russian plane after it ignored several warnings.
The ministry said the pilots parachuted but added that Moscow had no further contact with them.
Video footage of the incident showed a war plane on fire before crashing on a hill and two crew members apparently parachuting safely.
Two Russian helicopters, flying low over the Turkmen Bayirbucak region, searched for the two pilots, Turkish news agency Dogan said.
A Turkish military statement said the plane entered Turkish airspace over the town of Yayladagi, in Hatay province.
"On November 24 2015 at around 9.20am, a plane whose nationality is not known violated the Turkish airspace despite several warnings (10 times within five minutes) in the area of Yayladagi, Hatary," the military said before the plane's nationality was confirmed.
"Two F-16 planes on aerial patrol duty in the area intervened against the plane in question in accordance with the rules of engagement at 9.24am."
Turkey's foreign ministry summoned the Russian ambassador on Friday demanding that Russia cease operations in Syria targeting Turkmen villages, saying the Russian actions did not "constitute a fight against terrorism" but the bombing of civilians.
Ambassador Andrey Karlov was warned during the meeting that the Russian operations could lead to serious consequences, the ministry said.
Syrian troops have been on the offensive in the area that is controlled by several insurgent groups including al-Qaida's branch in Syria, the Nusra Front, and the 2nd Coastal Division that consists of local Turkmen fighters.
Rami Abdurrahman, who heads the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, said the war plane crashed in the Turkmen Mountains region in the coastal province of Latakia.
The Turkmen Mountains region has been subjected to a government offensive in recent days under the cover of Russian airstrikes.
Belfast Telegraph Digital
TORONTO • Canadian adoption rates of financial services products developed by non-bank online firms, which operate under the umbrella of fintech, could triple in a year, according to a report Thursday from EY.
The consulting firm framed the results as a heads-up to banks, whose business is the primary target of disruptive fintech firms, but the expected increase is due, at least in part, to low awareness that has kept adoption rates low to this point.
“Only 8.2 per cent of digitally active consumers in Canada have used at least two FinTech products within the last six months,” said Gregory Smith, a partner in EY's financial services advisory practice. “This puts Canada's behind five other countries surveyed, including the U.S. and the U.K.”
They noted that the arrival in fintech is relatively recent in Canada, and said bankers in this country should not assume they will avoid the challenge from their newer rivals.
“As the trend continues to catch on, traditional financial services companies will have to be much more aggressive and creative to keep their customers,” Smith said. “A big piece of the customer pie will be at stake here.”
Last year, a report on the global banking industry from McKinsey and Co. said losses to fintech attackers have been “little more than a rounding error.” But the report went on to predict that 20 to 60 per cent of bank profits in five business lines will be at risk by 2025, with consumer finance — including mortgages and retail payments — the most vulnerable.
Even if just a small portion of these businesses is captured by the fintechs, the McKinsey report said banks stand to lose large amounts of money due to margin pressure from the prices offered by their sleek new competitors.
Market observers have warned that banks are also vulnerable to being separated from their customers and the valuable data they provide, making it more difficult to sell them a range of financial services.
So far, Canadian banks are responding to the fintech threat by developing their own technology hubs and taking tentative steps to team up with the same fintech firms challenging their traditional businesses.
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, for example, entered a referral partnership with small business lender Thinking Capital late last year.
Sean O'Connor, vice-president of partnerships at Grow, an online fintech lender formerly known as Grouplend, thinks other banks will follow suit this year, along with credit unions courting a younger demographic.
“In some cases, this may mean cannibalizing areas of their core businesses in order to keep up in the technology arms race,” they said.
O'Connor acknowledged that Canadian fintech is more “evolutionary than revolutionary” at this stage, with no new player even approaching the level of disruption a company like Uber is causing in the transportation-for-hire business.
They said fintech players that want to succeed longer term, particularly in the Canadian market dominated by a handful of major banks, will have to offer more than just a slightly cheaper, faster, and more convenient financial product or service.
“In 2016, innovation on the margin will no longer cut it for these newcomers,' O'Connor said. “To be competitive in the market with large and well-heeled banks, or attractive from a partnership perspective, truly game changing products will be need to delivered.”
Getting discovered will also be key.
EY's report says more than half of the “digitally active” Canadians who didn't use two or more fintech products in the last six months simply weren't aware the products existed.
The consulting firm also found some evidence of hesitation because the new technology-driven products and services aren't trusted – but not as much as expected. Just over 10 per cent of the people surveyed gave that as a reason not to use fintech products or services.
“This finding shakes up our understanding of how far Canadians' trust goes, and is certainly something for traditional players to make note of,” said Smith.
bshecter@nationalpost.com
Twitter.com/BatPost
Effective until further notice.
The outdoor range is closed due to construction activities. Due to the high volume of haul trucks and heavy equipment, and the soft ground conditions that force traffic to remain on the access road. Please stay clear of the area, even if you are just curious and want to have a look.
We apologize for the inconvenience to our Members, and trust you will understand the reasons for the closure until the new earthworks that will improve our Club are substantially complete.
Thank you,
The Waterford Sportsman's Club is pleased to offer a year-round outdoor range for our Members and their Guests. The goal of our facility is to provide a wide variety of recreational shooting opportunities in a casual, safe and family-friendly environment. As with all the Club activities, this shooting range is volunteer operated, volunteer supported and not for profit.
Outdoor Range Newsletter Mar 2017
Outdoor Range Newsletter Feb 2017
We have a single firing line with two covered pavilions, each of which has 10 firing points.
In the West pavilion, we offer
four handgun points at 15 yards
one standing rifle point at 18 yards
four benchrest or prone rifle points at 25 and 50 yards
In the East pavilion, we offer
10 benchrest or prone rifle points at 25, 100 and 185 yards
To best serve the needs of our Members we are primarily a benchrest facility, shooting at paper or cardboard targets. We do not offer reactive targets such as gongs or silhouettes. Modern smokeless rifle and handgun cartridges are limited to .50 caliber. Shotgun slugs and blackpowder firearms of all gauges and calibers are allowed.
Being a general recreational shooting range, we rarely close the range on a regular shooting day for competitive shooting. Our range is member-supervised, and a club-certified Range Control Officer (RCO) must be present at any time the range is active. Members interested in becoming an RCO are welcome to attend our RCO Course, offered frequently through the year.
A user-pay system supports the operation, maintenance and improvements to the range. Current Range Fees for Members are $5.00/day. Non-members are welcome to shoot as sponsored Guests of a Member, with a Range Fee of $7.00/day plus the single-day Insurance fee of $3.00 that applies to all Guests using any Club facility. Everyone must sign in and pay the appropriate fees at the Clubhouse before proceeding to the outdoor range, and check-in with the On-duty RCO who has control of the firing line upon entering the outdoor range.
Range Hours
Tuesday 12 pm to 9 pm*
Thursday 12 pm to 9 pm*
Saturday 9am to 5 pm
* Range closes at dusk (1/2 hour before sunset)
Contacts
Rifle Section Chair,
Rifle Section Co-Chair, - rifleco@wsclub.ca
RCO Course Inquiry – rifleco@wsclub.ca
Public Radio WBHM 90.3 FM has won seven 2016 Regional Edward R. Murrow Awards presented by the Radio Television Digital News Association (RTDNA).
WBHM's competition region includes Alabama, Arkansas, Louisiana and Mississippi.
The awards recognize the best electronic journalism produced by radio, television and online news organizations around the world. RTDNA has been honoring outstanding achievements in electronic journalism with the Edward R. Murrow Awards since 1971. The awards were given for work broadcast between Jan. 1 and Dec. 31, 2015.
WBHM won awards for:
“We are delighted to honor the great work being done by local newsrooms,” said RTDNA Chair Kathy Walker. “Whether the winning entries come from a large team of journalists in a big city, or from a single, dedicated reporter in a small town, each demonstrates the value of exceptional journalism.”
“Our winners shed light on important issues and solve problems in their communities,” added RTDNA Executive Director Mike Cavender. “We're proud to recognize their achievements.”
This year, RTDNA awarded 654 regional Edward R. Murrow Awards in 14 categories, including Overall Excellence, Breaking News, Investigative Reporting, and Website. RTDNA received more than 4,300 entries during the 2016 awards season, setting an all-time record for the fourth year in a row.
“WBHM sought to provide perspective in an event-filled year in Alabama and give attention to longstanding issues in the community,” says WBHM General Manager Scott Hanley. “We are thankful to our colleagues in the RTDNA for recognizing the journalists of WBHM as honorees for their craft, coverage and storytelling.”
Regional winners automatically advance to the national Edward R. Murrow Awards competition, which will be judged in May. National awards, including those for network news organizations and for students, will be announced in June. The national awards are presented at the RTDNA Edward R. Murrow Awards Gala at Gotham Hall in New York City on October 10.
A complete list of the 2016 Regional Edward R. Murrow Awards winners can be found at rtdna.org.
About WBHM
Public Radio WBHM 90.3 FM, a listener-supported service of the University of Alabama at Birmingham, is “Your NPR News Station” and home to the Alabama Radio Reading Service, a resource for the blind and print-impaired. WBHM programming and award-winning regional journalism also can be heard in North Central Alabama on WSGN 91.5 FM through a partnership with Gadsden State Community College. Listen and give online at WBHM.org and follow the station @WBHM on Twitter, on Facebook, and @WBHM903 on Instagram.
The Pera Museum opened its doors in early June 2005, as the first step of a comprehensive cultural endeavor of the Suna and İnan Kıraç Foundation in this distinguished venue of the city of Istanbul in order to provide wide-ranging cultural services and activities. This cultural endeavor, Pera Museum, is situated in a historical building structure which was originally constructed in 1893 by the architect Achille Manoussos in Tepebaşı (İstanbul's most prestigious district in those days) and which was, until rather recently, known as the “Bristol Hotel”, was completely renovated to serve as a museum and cultural center for the project. Transformed into a fully-equipped modern museum, this venerable building is now serving the people of İstanbul once again.
Pera Museum encompasses: the Suna and İnan Kıraç Foundation's three particular collections on the 1st and 2nd museum floors (2nd floor is the Sevgi and Erdoğan Gönül Gallery), for temporary exhibitions (3rd, 4th, 5th floors), auditorium / Pera Education (under ground floor) and located at the ground floor are the Reception, Art Shop and Pera Café.
The Museum's first floor displays largely examples from the Foundation's collection of Anatolian Weights and Measures made from many different materials using many different techniques, these objects show the development of the devices used to weigh and measure in Anatolia since the earliest times to twentieth century. In another wing on the same floor is the Foundation's collection of Kütahya Tiles and Ceramics, whose strikingly beautiful pieces seek to shed new light on an area of creativity in Turkish cultural history that is not very well known.
In addition to its function as a private museum which entails exhibiting the Foundation Collections, Pera Museum as a modern cultural center located in a vibrant part of the city, also aims to provide the people of İstanbul with a broad range of cultural services that include a variety of temporary exhibitions as well as film, educational, conference and lecture programs.
Suna and İnan Kıraç Foundation
Collection of Anatolian Weights and Measures
The Anatolian weights and measures collection that Suna and İnan Kıraç began to create in the 1980s has grown rapidly over the years with the purchase of pieces accumulated by some collectors as well as regular purchases from other sources both in Turkey and abroad, and is now one of the most remarkable collections of its type in Turkey.
Today this collection consists of more than eight thousand objects dating from prehistory to the present day used in Anatolia. These comprise the main types of scales and measuring instruments used for measuring weights, length and volume in every field from land measurement to commerce, architecture to jewellery making, and shipping to pharmacy.
The collection, a very valuable source of historical and scientific knowledge, illustrates the relations between measuring systems of different periods and regions, presenting the various changes and continuities. The exhibited broad selection includes examples from all periods in chronological order, embracing an exciting and particular aspect of Anatolia's history.
Suna and İnan Kıraç Foundation
Kütahya Tiles and Ceramics Collection
The beginnings of the Suna and İnan Kıraç Foundation's Kütahya Tiles and Ceramics Collection date back to the 1980s, when it was formed with Suna Kıraç's desire, and over the years has grown to become one of the most outstanding collection its kind. Today the collection consists of over a thousand remarkable pieces representing various periods - mainly the 18th to 20th centuries - and types. It illustrates in detail the development of Kütahya tiles and ceramics, a creative area of Ottoman culture that until recently had not attracted the attention and interest it originally deserved. The limited number of pieces on display have been chosen to give a general idea of the collection and the craftsmanship of Kütahya ceramics. Other future exhibited selections will give broader representations of the collection, shedding new light on diverse aspects of Kütahya tiles and ceramics, an important part of our traditional cultural heritage.
The Suna and İnan Kıraç Foundation
Orientalist Painting Collection
The Suna and İnan Kıraç Foundation's Orientalist Painting Collection is one of the most elaborate collections in Turkey. This grand collection brings together important works by European artists inspired by the Ottoman world, Turkey's regional geography as well as works of Ottoman artists and how they influenced one another from the 17th century to the early 19th.
The Collection presents a vast visual panorama of the last two centuries of the Ottoman Empire, also includes works by Osman Hamdi and their most famous painting “The Tortoise Trainer”. As the Collection is focused particularly on the Ottoman Orientalist art, it sustains an exceptional stance. Pera Museum organizes long-term thematic exhibitions of this Collection at the Sevgi and Erdoğan Gönül Gallery.
Pera Learning
Museum education entails bringing and introducing art to children and teens, creating awareness for Museum-going and building bridges between the audience and the works of art. The educational events based on interpretation and creative expressions include selecting works of art and assessments as well. With hands-on experience this programming aims to weave the museum into the social activity. Apart from on-going programs of the Museum Collections, Pera Learning also organizes temporary exhibition programs throughout the year, welcoming a wide range of age groups
Pera Film
Pera Film began its programming in October 2008 and since then has strived to inform and entertain the museum audience by underlining the importance and diversity of film and video with monthly programs featuring classic and experimental cinema, animation, documentaries, short films and video art screenings. The programming also presents parallel screenings to the temporary exhibitions. A few examples of Pera Film's programming are Classics from Germany 1931-1943, Hors Pistes / Out of Tracks in collaboration with Centre Pompidou, International Istanbul Animation Festival, New and Independent Film Series, In Memoriam: Bergman and Women, Spanish Directors: First Films, Lure of the East in British Cinema, Romanian and Hungarian Cinemas, In Memory of Eric Rohmer, Colombian Diaspora and Contemporary Turkish Cinema.
Some former staff at George Calombaris' restaurant empire could be forced to wait up to a year to receive backpay for missing wages and entitlements after their company Made Establishment failed to resolve a disastrous payroll bungle.
The delay until June 2018 has angered some former workers, who have called on the Masterchef star and their multi-millionaire business partner Radek Sali to personally settle the outstanding debts owed to staff.
George Calombaris (right) and business partner Radek Sali. Credit:Paul Jeffers
Made Establishment reported itself to the Fair Work Ombudsman in April after an internal audit revealed significant payroll discrepancies throughout its restaurant chain. The company said it had spent $2.6 million to compensate 160 current employees.
At the time, former staff were also urged to submit claims, which were supposed to be investigated and paid out by June 30, 2017.
Dan “D.B.” Cooper became legend on the eve of Thanksgiving in 1971. Since that night, police have failed to find them dead or alive after they jumped from an airplane mid-flight.
Around 4:00 p.m. on November 24th, a man calling themselves Dan Cooper entered Portland International Airport and purchased a one-way ticket to Seattle-Tacoma Airport for $20. They were assigned an aisle seat, 18C, for a 4:35 p.m. flight. The plane carried 36 passengers that day, not including: the pilot, Captain William Scott, the first officer Bob Rataczak, the flight engineer H.E. Anderson, and two flight attendants, Tina Mucklow and Florence Schaffner.
An accent-less, middle-aged, white male in a dark suit and tie, Cooper drew little attention boarding the flight. After takeoff, Cooper handed Schaffner a note. At the time, men traveling alone commonly slipped phone numbers or hotel room numbers to flight attendants, so Schaffner placed the note in their pocket and ignored it. The next time they passed, Cooper motioned for them to come closer. They told them that they better read the note and warned that they had a bomb, nodding towards their suitcase. Schaffner then went to the galley to read the note. They showed it to the other flight attendant and together they hurried to the cockpit to show the pilot. After they read the note, the pilot immediately contacted air traffic control. They in turn contacted the Seattle police, who informed the FBI. The FBI placed an urgent call to the airline's president, Donald Nyrop, who said they should comply with Cooper's demands. Doubtless, Nyrop wanted to avoid any negative publicity that such a disaster would bring.
Cooper instructed the flight attendant to return the note, wary of potentially incriminating evidence. Because of this, the exact wording of their note is unknown. Schaffner recalled that the handwritten ink note demanded $200,000 in cash and two sets of parachutes. Cooper wanted these items delivered on arrival at Seattle-Tacoma Airport, and claimed that if they didn't comply with these demands, they would blow up the plane. Everyone who read the note agreed that it contained the phrase “no funny business”.
Cooper moved next to the window so that when Schaffner returned, they sat in their aisle seat. They opened their suitcase wide enough for them to get a glimpse of wires and two cylinders, potentially dynamite sticks. They then directed them to return to the cockpit and to tell the pilot to stay in the air until the money and parachutes were ready. After receiving the message, the pilot announced over the intercom that the jet would circle before landing due to a mechanical problem. Most of the passengers were unaware of the hijacking.
Cooper was very precise about their demands for money. They wanted the $200,000 in $20 bills, which would weigh around 21 pounds. If smaller bills were used, it would add extra weight and could be dangerous for their skydive. Larger bills would weigh less, but they would be more difficult to pass. They even specified that they wanted bills with serial numbers that were random, not sequential. The FBI agents gave them bills with random serial numbers but made sure that all of them began with the code letter L.
Acquiring the parachutes was a lot harder than collecting the $200,000. Tacoma's McChord Air Force Base offered to provide the parachutes but Cooper rejected this offer. They wanted civilian parachutes with user-operated ripcords, not military-issued ones. Seattle cops eventually contacted the owner of a skydiving school. Their school was closed but they persuaded them to sell them four parachutes.
Cooper's hijacking note did not directly explain their plan to skydive from the plane but their demands led officials to that assumption. Since they had asked for an extra parachute, they assumed they planned to take a passenger or crew member with them as an airborne hostage. They thought about using dummy parachutes for the exchange with Cooper but they couldn't risk the life of a civilian.
At 5:24 p.m., the ground team had the cash and the parachutes so they radioed Captain Scott and told them they were ready for their arrival. Cooper ordered that they taxi to a remote, well-lit area after they landed. They had the cabin lights dimmed and ordered that no vehicle should approach the plane. They also ordered that the person who was bringing the cash and parachutes come unaccompanied.
A Northwest airline employee drove a company vehicle near the plane. Cooper ordered flight attendant Tina Mucklow to lower the stairs. The employee carried two parachutes at a time to the stairs and handed them over to Mucklow. Then the employee brought the cash over in a large bank bag. Once the demands were met, Cooper released the 36 passengers and flight attendant Florence Schaffner. They did not release the other flight attendant Tina Mucklow or the three men in the cockpit.
An FAA official contacted the captain and asked Cooper for permission to come aboard the jet. The official apparently wanted to warn them of the dangers and consequences of air piracy. Cooper denied their request. Cooper had Mucklow read over the instruction card for operation of the aft stairs. When they questioned them about them, they said they didn't think they could be lowered during flight. They said they were wrong.
Cooper had chosen this flight not only for location, but because of the type of jet that was used. They knew a lot about the Boeing 727-100. Cooper ordered the pilot to remain below an altitude of 10,000 feet and to keep the airspeed below 150 knots. An experienced skydiver would easily be able to dive at 150 knots. The jet was lightweight and would have no problem flying at such a slow speed through the dense air at 10,000 feet.
Cooper told the crew that they wanted to go to Mexico City. The pilot explained that at the altitude and airspeed they wanted to travel, the jet wouldn't be able to travel more than 1,000 miles even with 52,000 gallons of fuel. With this in mind, they agreed to make a mid-stop to refuel in Reno, Nevada. Before leaving Seattle, Cooper ordered the jet be refueled. They knew that the Boeing 727-100 could take in 4,000 gallons of fuel a minute. After 15 minutes, when they weren't done refueling, Cooper demanded an explanation. The fuel crew completed the job shortly afterwards. Captain Scott and Cooper negotiated a low-altitude route called Vector 23. This route allowed the jet to fly safely west of the mountains even at the low altitude that Cooper demanded.
Cooper also directed the captain to depressurize the cabin. They knew that a person can breathe normally at 10,000 feet, and that, if the cabin had equalized pressure inside and out, there wouldn't be a violent gust of wind when the aft stairs lowered. After all of the flight details were figured out, the plane took off at 7:46 p.m.
After takeoff, Cooper ordered the flight attendant and the rest of the crew to stay in the cockpit. There was no peephole in the cockpit door or remote cameras installed at the time, so the crew had no idea what Cooper was doing. At 8 p.m., a red light gave warning that a door was open. Scott asked Cooper over the intercom if there was anything they could do for him. They replied with an angry “No!” That was the last word anyone ever heard from Dan Cooper.
At 8:24 p.m., the jet genuflected as the nose dipped first followed by a correcting dip in the tail end. Scott made sure to note the spot where the dip took place, 25 miles north of Portland, near the Lewis River. The crew assumed that the aft stairs had been lowered and that Cooper had jumped. However, they didn't make confirmation of their assumption because they didn't want to disobey their orders to stay in the cockpit.
At 10:15 p.m., the jet landed in Reno, Nevada. Scott spoke over the intercom and after receiving no response, they opened the cockpit door. The cabin was empty. Cooper, along with the money and all of their belongings, was gone. The only item left was the second parachute.
No one ever heard from Cooper again. All subsequent investigations failed to prove whether or not they survived their fateful jump. During the hijacking, the police attempted to follow the plane and wait for someone to jump. While they originally used F-106 fighter jets, these planes, built to go at high speeds up to 1,500 MPH, proved to be useless at lower speeds. The police then co-opted the Air National Guard Lockheed T-33, but before they were able to catch up to the hijacked plane, Cooper had already jumped.
The inclement weather that night prevented the police from searching the grounds until the next day. That Thanksgiving, and for several weeks afterward, the police performed an extensive search that failed to turn up any trace of the hijacker or the parachute. The police began searching criminal records for the name Dan Cooper, just in case the hijacker used their real name, but had no luck. One of their early results, however, would prove to have a lasting impact on the case: a police record for an Oregon man named D.B. Cooper was discovered and considered a possible suspect. Although they were quickly cleared by the police, an eager and careless member of the press accidentally confused that man's name for the alias given by the hijacker. This simple mistake was then repeated by another reporter quoting that information, and so on and so on until the entire media was using the catchy moniker. And so, the original “Dan” Cooper became known as “D.B.” for the rest of the investigation.
Charges for air piracy were filed in 1976 and still stand today. On February 10, 1980, an 8-year-old boy found bundles of $20 bills with serial numbers matching the ones from the Cooper stash in the Columbia River. Some people believe this evidence helps support the theory that Cooper didn't survive. The discovery of these bundles led to new searches around that area. However, an eruption of Mt. St. Helens on May 18, 1980, likely destroyed any remaining clues about the Cooper case.
Over the years, many have confessed to being Dan Cooper. The FBI has quietly examined some of these cases, but has yet to turn up anything useful. They check the fingerprints of those who confess against the unknown prints collected from the hijacked plane. So far, none of them have been a match.
In August 2011, Marla Cooper made claims that Dan Cooper was their uncle L.D. Cooper. Marla claimed that they overheard a conversation saying their money problems were over and that they had hijacked a plane. Somewhat contradictory, however, they also explained that no money was ever recovered, since their uncle lost it while they were jumping. Although many people have identified Dan Cooper as one of their long-lost relatives, Marla Cooper's claims seem to come closest to the truth: one of the flight attendants on that flight even identified L.D. Cooper as looking similar to the hijacker. This theory, however, is still not one the authorities deem likely.
In July of 2016, the FBI officially announced they would no longer be allocating active resources to continuing the D.B. Cooper investigation. This did not mean that they had solved the case of Cooper's identity though. The leading theory by the investigators is that Cooper did not, in fact, survive their jump. Although their extensive knowledge of the plane's systems initially led police to believe they were a professional skydiver, they have since concluded that a jump in such weather conditions, over a ruthless patch of Washington wilderness in the middle of winter, while wearing business casual attire was a risk no expert would be stupid enough to take. The fact that the bag of matching ransom money was found left in the stream further supports the theory that they did not survive. And so, despite 45 years' worth of tips and theories, the real name of America's most famous hijacker remains a mystery.
Back to Crime Library
Image copyright Melissa Cavanagh Image caption The incident happened in Westmorland Avenue, Cleveleys
A police officer was slashed with a knife after stopping a driver in a routine vehicle check.
The officer was attacked after stopping a Peugeot van in Westmorland Avenue, Cleveleys, at 10:00 GMT, Lancashire Constabulary said.
They suffered injuries to their abdomen and face and was airlifted to hospital, the force said.
A 39-year-old man from Blackpool has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and remains in custody.
Following treatment, the officer was later released from hospital, the force said.
After the attack, the chairperson of the Police Federation of England and Wales said "more must be done" to protect officers on duty.
Posting on Twitter, Steve White said officers from the force had recently raised the "issue of their safety and protection" with him.
"Thoughts and prayers are with the officer and their family," they said.
Dr. Wilbert van Panhuis and their colleagues have started an exciting initiative called Project TychoTM. In it, they are taking public health data that have been collected over the years and putting them into an easy-to-access digital system that is open to everyone. They describe the goal of their project in this way:
We aim to advance the use of public health data for the improvement of public health. Oftentimes, restricted access to public health data limits opportunities for scientific discovery and technological innovation in disease control programs. A free flow of data and information maximizes opportunities for more efficient and effective public health programs leading to higher impact and better health. Our activities are focused on accelerating the availability and use of public health data…
They named the project after Tycho Brahe, one of the more colorful 16th-century astronomers. Not only did they live an interesting life, they had a very interesting view of the universe. They made an enormous number of astronomical observations that they meticulously documented, and those observations convinced them that the planets must orbit the sun, not the earth. However, they couldn't give up the idea of the earth being at the center of everything, so they produced what is probably the most interesting view of the universe ever. As shown in the logo above, they put the earth at the center of the universe, and they had the sun and moon orbiting the earth. The rest of the planets were then assumed to orbit the sun, as it moved in its orbit around the earth. While this view of the universe is clearly unworkable, it was incredibly original!
Why would a project involving public health data be named after this colorful character? Because their main contribution to science was the data they collected. While they couldn't make heads or tails of their data, another astronomer, Johannes Kepler (who was once employed by Brahe) did. Kepler was able to use Brahe's data to develop three laws of planetary motion that demonstrated all the planets, including the earth, orbit the sun. Sir Isaac Newton was then able to use Kepler's Laws to develop their Law of Universal Gravitation, which describes how gravity works both here on earth and throughout the universe. Brahe's data, then, were the foundation of some of the greatest advancements in the field of astronomy in the 16th and 17th centuries.
In Dr. van Panhuis's view, the data they are collecting could end up being like Brahe's data. It might be used by other scientists to better understand diseases and how to deal with them as they spread through populations. While I can't say whether or not that will ever happen, I can say that these data make it easy for me to address a popular myth about vaccination.
Anti-vaccination groups often suggest that vaccines had little to do with the reduction of diseases like smallpox, polio, and measles. Instead, they insist that better sanitation was the reason these diseases mostly disappeared from the U.S. population. However, a quick use of Project Tycho's data shows how this is simply not true. I used the system to access data on smallpox, polio, and measles in the U.S. and then graphed the results:
The big thing to notice about these three graphs is that they all include the same years, 1928-2003. By looking at all three of them, you can see that each disease decreased at a different time. Smallpox cases were pretty much nonexistent by 1948. However, that's when polio cases started to rise! They didn't start decreasing until 1954, and they didn't become virtually nonexistent until the early 1960s. Measles cases, on the other hand, stayed fairly steady until the late 1960s and didn't become pretty much nonexistent until the 1990s. Unfortunately, because people are choosing not to vaccinate, measles is making a comeback in the United States.
The main point here is that if sanitation were responsible for getting rid of these diseases, you would expect them to all decline at roughly the same time. However, they clearly did not. This tells us that while good sanitation is responsible for the reduction of many diseases (such as cholera, dysentery, and typhoid), it is clearly not the reason for the reduction of diseases like smallpox, polio, and measles.
So what caused their reduction? Vaccination. Look at the polio graph. History's largest clinical trial, which involved over a million children, was conducted on the polio vaccine in the U.S. in 1954.1 Notice how quickly the number of polio cases declined after that. This doesn't conclusively demonstrate that the vaccine stopped the disease, because correlation doesn't always mean causation. In other words, the vaccine might not have caused the reduction. Some other event might have happened at roughly the same time as the vaccine trial, and that might be the real cause. However, the results of the vaccine trial showed that the children given the vaccine were significantly less likely to get polio than those who were given an inert injection (called a placebo). This fact, combined with the graph, demonstrates fairly conclusively that the vaccine is what reduced polio in the United States.
The same can be said for measles. The first measles vaccine was licensed for use in 1963.2 Note how quickly the number of measles cases dropped after that year. Once again, this doesn't conclusively demonstrate that the vaccine caused the decline, but other studies add strong evidence to support that conclusion. For example, when measles outbreaks occur in a school, vaccinated children are more than 20 times (that's more than 2,000%) less likely to get the disease than the unvaccinated children.3
In the end, then, data such as those collected at Project Tycho demonstrate that vaccines are very effective at preventing certain diseases. This, of course, does not indicate whether or not vaccines are safe. However, I do think there is plenty of evidence to support that fact as well.
REFERENCES
1. Francis Jr T, et al. “An evaluation of the 1954 poliomyelitis vaccine trials: summary report,” American Journal of Public Health 45(suppl):1-50, 1955
Return to Text
2. Jeffrey P. Baker, “The First Measles Vaccine,” Pediatrics 128(3):435-437, 2011
Return to Text
3. Feikin DR, et al. “Individual and Community Risks of Measles and Pertussis Associated with Person Exemptions to Immunization.” Journal of the American Medical Association 284:3145-3150, 2000
Return to Text
Like this: Like Loading...
A Hezbollah official responsible for managing relations with other Arab countries, Hassan Az a-Din spoke Thursday to the mother and brother of Mohammad al-Zawahri, a flight engineer who was shot to death last week at close range in their car in the city of Sfax, telling them that Israel was definitely responsible for their murder.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
“We hold the enemy, Israel responsible. Its fingerprints are clear in this criminal act,” a-Din said. Al-Zawahri is believed to have worked both for Hamas and Hezbollah, the Lebanese-based terror movement.
Mohammad al-Zawahri (Photo: MCT)
Despite the murder, al-Din emphasized that the path of Jihad would be continued, as would resistance against Israel, “whatever the sacrifices.” Moreover, they called on al-Zawahri's brother and friends to follow in the same path as the fallen martyr.
Photo: AFP
Another official from the Shi'ite organization even warned of Israeli plans beyond its borders which have been formulated with the intention of striking the Arab and Islamic nation in its own homeland before calling on the government, political parties and the nation as a whole to act responsibly and oppose the alleged Israeli plan.
The hit against al-Zawahri has largely been attributed to Israel. Indeed, last week Tunisian media outlets said that the Mossad was responsible. Moreover, the Tunisian Interior Minister convened a press conference on Monday where they claimed that there is evidence supporting the notion of involvement of a foreign organization in the murder and vowed to mete out justice whether those responsible were inside or outside Tunisia.
Donald Trump repeatedly makes the false claim that President Obama founded ISIS. This is absolutely absurd by any stretch of how they try to spin it. But where did ISIS come from?
ISIS is in Iraq and Syria and many other countries. Trump likes to state that the vacuum the was left after the US troops withdrew from Iraq under Obama resulted in the creation of ISIS. This is not what happened and the growth of ISIS can be traced back decades.
The Backdrop
When the Grand Mosque in Mecca was seized in November 1979, Saudi Arabia decided that to appeal to the religious right, the ruling family would support the strict version of Islam commonly known as Wahhabism (or known in Saudi Arabia as muwahhidun, which is the 'oneness of god'). The next month in December 1979, after the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan the Saudi Arabia government encouraged many disaffected youth to take up arms in Afghanistan, fulfilling their pledge to encourage religious extremism. At the same time, Saudi Arabia funded mosques and madrassas all over the world to promote this extreme version of Islam.
Throughout the 1980s, mujahideen, or holy warriors, flocked to Afghanistan to support their fellow Muslims. The most famous was probably Osama bin Laden. Shortly after the end of the war when the USSR left Afghanistan in 1989, Iraq invaded Kuwait in 1990. This was a good opportunity for Bin Laden and their database of soldiers, many of whom saw little action in Afghanistan, to come to the defense of Kuwait. Bin Laden was rebuffed and the US led coalition was chosen. That database of soldiers is where the name Al Qaeda comes from; Al Qaeda means "the base."
Al Qaeda was then active throughout the 1990s and peaked in 2001. After the 9/11 attacks in 2001, the US invaded under false pretenses Iraq in search of WMD. On 9/11, there were no WMD in Iraq and Al Qaeda was not operating in Iraq either. After the 2003 US invasion of Iraq, Al Qaeda flocked to Iraq to attack and kill US troops. Over the presidency of George W. Bush, the war in Iraq became unpopular at home and in Iraq. A withdrawal timetable was created and US troops were scheduled by President Bush to leave Iraq in 2011.
ISIS Is Born
Several of the terrorists, mainly Abu Musab al-Zarqawi who in Jordan in 1999 founded Jama'at al-Tawhid wal-Jihad, which had a partnership with Al Qaeda; Zarqawi renamed their organization Al Qaeda in Iraq. They fought against the US in Iraq starting in 2003-2004, which eventually led to different objectives and their new faction eventually called itself Islamic State in 2006, well before Obama was president. Eventually, IS made their way over to Syria, which was becoming a failed state starting in March 2011. Concurrently, after the US left Iraq in 2011 IS moved east into Iraq in 2013 from Syria and started calling itself ISIS. It was now the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. With the dictatorships that created stability in the Middle East collapsing, eventually, ISIS grew and its reach went beyond Syria and Iraq. ISIS was renamed to ISIL, which meant Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. Now some people just refer to the organization just as Islamic State.
So, the claim that President Obama created ISIS/ISIL/IS is just not a reflection of what happened in reality.
Team NZ hang on in a thrilling race six finish to take a 4-2 lead in the America's Cup challenger series final.
Sir Russell Coutts has described Peter Burling as "an incredible talent" and predicts a long America's Cup future for Team New Zealand's young star.
Kiwi Coutts is the most successful skipper in Cup history, helming wins with New Zealand and Switzerland and overseeing Oracle Team USA's last two victories in a hands-on management role.
Coutts also controls the Cup's governing body in Bermuda and has marvelled at the current challengers final that has seen Burling and Nathan Outteridge transfer their Olympics rivalry to professional yachting's biggest stage.
REUTERS Sailing great Sir Russell Coutts.
Burling has guided Team New Zealand to a 4-2 lead over Sweden's Artemis Racing with one more win needed to confirm a grudge rematch with Oracle.
READ MORE:
* Burling error gives Artemis a sniff
* Outteridge: It's not over yet
* Spithill practising with Barker
* Recap: Team NZ v Artemis - race day two
* Team NZ one win away from Cup final
* Outteridge overboard: Artemis skipper slips
* Outteridge-Burling Olympic hostilities resume
Burling is aged 26 and Outteridge is 31. Both are fearless and Coutts sees them very much as the fresh faces of a high-paced format they have engineered by introducing foiling catamarans to replace the laborious monohulls of times gone by.
"I think Nathan Outteridge and Pete Burling are two really exciting prospects and already incredible talents and that talent is showing through," Coutts, who has the perfect 15-0 in Cup finals racing, told Americascup.com.
"Clearly they are good at high performance boats, but I think they could jump in any sort of boat and do well with it.
RICARDO PINTO/ ACEA 2017 Team New Zealand helmsman Peter Burling heads across the Team New Zealand boat's trampoline during a turn in the America's Cup challengers final against Artemis Racing.
"I don't think it's just limited to foiling boats. They both sailed skiffs very, very successfully and also other types of boats as well. We are going to see them for many years to come."
Coutts has been determined to turn the Cup into a more dynamic scene and wanted the sailors to be athletes.
They still felt there was room for the older generation of world class sailors, pointing to Britain's Sir Ben Ainslie who was sailing in Bermuda at 40 on the back of winning the America's Cup world series in smaller foiling cats over the last two years.
America's Cup / YouTube Team NZ helmsman Peter Burling admits they owe a few beers to fans and crew after making a mistake that nearly cost the Kiwi boat a win.
"It doesn't mean they can't be competitive, it just means these younger guys are now a strong force in this format," Coutts said.
Dean Barker was on the wheel of the Team Japan boat at the age of 44, the same age as Team France skipper Franck Cammas.
Oracle skipper Jimmy Spithill is a super fit 37-year-old looking for a hat-trick of Cup wins.
Outteridge beat Barker in the challenger semifinals and Burling saw off Ainslie.
Team New Zealand have moved in a new direction with their sailing crew. After their San Francisco meltdown four years ago, the team did a big clean out, realising most of their heavyweights, including Barker, were getting long in the tooth for the new class of boats which are incredibly demanding physically.
Skipper Glenn Ashby, 39, is the only survivor in the sailing squad that operates the six-man boat.
Team New Zealand signed Burling's Olympic sailing partner Blair Tuke alongside them early in this cycle. They also made the late move to bring on board Laser star Andy Maloney and Olympics Finn class sailor Josh Junior.
Burling is making rapid gains in their new environment. He's not immune to mistakes and they readily admit their errors. They have a strong will to learn form theirs mistakes.
Like Coutts, they have a massive interest in engineering, which helps transfer their feel for the boat through to the team's designers, making a much smoother process for development tweaks.
On the wheel, Burling has an aggressive approach and a winning mentality, highlighted by their two Olympic medals and seven world titles across three classes.
Speaking to “60 Minutes” Sunday night in their first major interview since being elected, Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE dodged questions about Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE.
ADVERTISEMENT
On the campaign trail, Trump dubbed their Democratic rival “crooked Hillary” and pledged to prosecute them over their use of a private email server while secretary of State.
“She did some bad things, I mean they did some bad things,” Trump said.
But when asked about their previous statements about appointing a special prosecutor to go after Clinton, Trump changed course.
“I don't want to hurt them, I don't want to hurt them. They're, they're good people,” they said.
“I don't want to hurt them," they said again. "And I will give you a very, very good and definitive answer the next time we do ‘60 Minutes' together.
Premium Tutorial: 3D Golden Text Effect
Learn how to create an 3d golden text effect in this premium illustrator tutorial. See how to create text using 3D extrude and the techniques to clean up the broken shapes. The final steps will teach you how to create glows and highlights for the 3D text. This will be a great tutorial for beginners to create professional 3D text effects in Adobe illustrator!
Difficulty:
Intermediate
What will you get?
Instant download of PDF e-book (30 steps)
Detailed step-by-step tutorial
Learn to create 3D text effect
Comes with Ai file for easy reference
Tutorial Preview:
Adobe Illustrator
12. Duplicate "C2" and "C3". Select these copies and click on the Unite button from the Pathfinder panel. Create a copy of the resulting shape and move it 4px up. Now select both shapes and click on the Minus Front button from the Pathfinder panel. Fill the resulting shape with R=66 G=33 B=11 then lower the opacity to 20%. Create two copies of "C1". Select the top one and move it 4px up. Now, select both copies and click on the Minus Front button from the Pathfinder panel. Fill the resulting shape with R=66 G=33 B=11 then lower its opacity to 20%.
13. Create two copies of "T1". Select the top one and move it 4px up. Now, select both copies and click on the Minus Front button from the Pathfinder panel. Fill the resulting shape with R=66 G=33 B=11 then lower its opacity to 20%. Duplicate "T2", "T3", "T4", and "T5". Select these copies and click on the Unite button from the Pathfinder panel. Create a copy of the resulting shape and move it 4px up. Now, select both shapes and click on the Minus Front button from the Pathfinder panel. Fill the resulting shape with R=66 G=33 B=11 then lower the opacity to 20%.
14. Create two copies of "O2". Select the top one and move it 4px up. Now select both copies and click on the Minus Front button from the Pathfinder panel. Fill the resulting shape with R=66 G=33 B=11 then lower the opacity to 20%. Make two copies of "O1". Select the top one and move it 4px up. Now, select both copies and click on the Minus Front button from the Pathfinder panel. Fill the resulting shape with R=66 G=33 B=11 then lower its opacity to 20%.
15. Duplicate "R1", "R2", "R3" and "R4". Select these copies and click on the Unite button from the Pathfinder panel. Create a copy of the resulting shape and move it 4px up. Now, select both shapes and click on the Minus Front button from the Pathfinder panel. Fill the resulting shape with R=66 G=33 B11 then lower the opacity to 20%. Create two copies of "R7". Select the top one and move it 4px up. Now, select both copies and click on Minus Front button from the Pathfinder panel. Fill the resulting shape with R=66 G=33 B=11.
16. Create two copies of "S1". Select the top one and move it 4px up. Now, select both copies and click Minus Front button from the Pathfinder panel. Fill the resulting shape with R=66 G=33 B=11 then lower its opacity to 20%. Create two copies of "S2". Select the top one and move it 4px up. Now, select both copies and click Minus Front button from the Pathfinder panel. Fill the resulting shape with R=66 G=33 B=11 then lower its opacity to 20%. Duplicate "S3" and "S4". Select these copies and click Unite button on Pathfinder panel. Create a copy of the resulting image and move it 4px up. Now, select both copies and click on the Minus Front button from the Pathfinder panel. Fill the resulting shape with R=66 G=33 B=11 then lower the opacity to 20%.
17. Here is how your illustration should look like so far.
... end of preview. Sign up for premium membership to read the whole tutorial!
Related Articles
Get up to 35 free images from Bigstock
Complimentary video clips on Bigstock.Get up to 35 videos in a week.
About The Author: Andrei I'm the owner and administrator of VforVectors.com. My own website dedicated to Adobe Illustrator where I used to publish my own tutorials every week.
See the list of all Illustrator tutorials Learn 101 Illustrator tips and techniques for free.
Valuing Thinly-Traded Assets
NBER Working Paper No. 20589
Issued in October 2014
NBER Program(s):Asset Pricing
We model illiquidity as a restriction on the stopping rules investors can follow in selling assets, and apply this framework to the valuation of thinly-traded investments. We find that discounts for illiquidity can be surprisingly large, approaching 30 to 50 percent in some cases. Immediacy plays a unique role and is valued much more than ongoing liquidity. We show that investors in illiquid enterprises have strong incentives to increase dividends and other cash payouts, thereby introducing potential agency conflicts. We also find that illiquidity and volatility are fundamentally entangled in their effects on asset prices. This aspect may help explain why some assets are viewed as inherently more liquid than others and why liquidity concerns are heightened during financial crises.
Acknowledgments
Machine-readable bibliographic record - MARC, RIS, BibTeX
Document Object Identifier (DOI): 10.3386/w20589
Published: Valuing Thinly Traded Assets Francis A. Longstaff Management Science , Articles in Advance
Users who downloaded this paper also downloaded* these:
Microsoft will be holding a press event in New York City on Monday to officially introduce their next generation Surface tablets to the media. While Microsoft has chosen not to offer a live stream of this press event, the company is doing the next best thing; a Reddit AMA (Ask Me Anything) session.
The official Surface Facebook page states that members of the Surface design and development team will be joined by their leader, Panos Panay, for the AMA session. It will begin at 3 pm Eastern time on Monday, just a few hours after the Surface event in New York.
By then, Microsoft would have likely announced the pricing, models and release date for its new Surface tablets. The latest rumor claims that both the Surface 2 (running on Windows 8.1 RT) and Surface Pro 2 (running on Windows 8.1) will go on sale on October 22nd.
Panay and their fellow Surface team members have held a Reddit AMA session in February and during the Q&A they let slip some hints that future versions of the Surface might have an extra battery accessory. Neowin recently reported, via our sources, that such a Power Cover is indeed planned for the Surface Pro 2.
Source: Surface on Facebook | Image via Microsoft
Long JA, Mark-Kurik E, Johanson Z, Lee MSY, Young GC, Min Z, Ahlberg PE, Newman M, Jones R, den Blaauwen J, Choo B, Trinajstic K. Copulation in antiarch placoderms and the origin of gnathostome internal fertilization. Nature. 2014 Oct 19. doi: 10.1038/nature13825
Sea cucumber, anemone, penis, vagina—objectively speaking, genitalia are odd things that would be quite at home among the curious inhabitants of intertidal pools. Moreover, given the strangeness of sex, the practice might as well have arisen from the mysterious depths of the ocean. All animals reproduce, but not all have to do so through penetration. Many marine and aquatic life forms reproduce through “external fertilization”, releasing their eggs and sperm into the water column hoping for the best. Others like sharks come together and fire their biological cupid's arrows directly into their mates in the ultimate act of passion known as “internal fertilization”. Most terrestrial animals use internal fertilization as a means to protect egg and sperm from desiccation.
Whatever, however, scientists long ago arrived at the rather rigid conclusion that internal fertilization could only have arisen from its willy-nilly counterpart external fertilization, and never the other way around. However, a new study by Long et al. published in the journal Nature has shaken up the curious world of people who study these things by showing that external fertilization may have evolved from internal fertilization in the most recent common ancestor of the placoderms, ancient progenitors to, among others, bony fish, birds, reptiles, amphibians, author, and reader.
Reproductive structures had previously been reported in “recent” placoderms of the arthrodiran and ptycodont varieties, but were considered to be specialized derivatives of external reproduction. Therefore, Long et al. set out to show the original sin, so to speak, in the placoderms arose in the earliest of ancestors, the antiarch placoderms. Were this to be true, it would imply that lack of reproductive structures in later placoderms arose from evolution from internal to external fertilization, and that internal reproduction in present-day (extant) species might be the more primitive form of reproduction.
Long et al. examined intact fossil specimens of the approximately 400 million-year-old antiarch placoderms Michrobrachius dicki from the fossil record, and original samples from Scotland, China, Estonia, and other sites. Sure enough they found a “clasper-based” system for internal fertilization among antiarch placoderms. On the outer lower parts of the backsides (posterior ventrolateral) of males they observed a pair of “bony claspers,” modified pelvic fins featuring a central groove, presumably a tract to facilitate transfer of sperm.
Unlike ordinary pelvic fins, which serve as a fish's rudder, the claspers appear to be “sutured” and, therefore, immobile and non-functional as pelvic fins go. Similarly situated, in female antiarchs of the genera Michrobrachius and Pterichthyodes, they observed a pair of “dermal plates,” blade-like structures featuring a canal, likely for receiving sperm. Closing their eyes and using their collective imagination, Long et al. envision a male and female placoderm drawing near and latching on to one another, clasper to plate, in a side-by-side mating ritual (artistic rendition depicted above).
To illustrate the evolutionary implications of their findings, Long et al. constructed a family tree (also known as a phylogenetic tree) building on previous morphological data from the fossil record. In addition to reinforcing the notion of “jawed vertebrate” (gnathostome) ancestry, their tree shows that “bony claspers” first arose in the earliest placoderms (antiarchs), implying reversion to external fertilization with the loss of claspers in more recent “crown gnathostomes.” Advanced antiarchs, which have reduced skeletons, may have evolved cartilaginous forms of claspers (as opposed to bony structures that would survive in fossils), explaining why some extinct species may seem to have reverted mysteriously to external fertilization on the basis of fossil records. However, to explain external fertilization in the living supposed descendents of the placoderms, Long et al. propose that at some point in the storied history of fertilization, some gnathostomes reverted from internal to external fertilization. Alternatively, they offer that the well-supported natural history of evolution of gnathostomes would have to be plucked from the branches of the evolutionary tree thrown in a bucket, given a good shake, and summarily re-organized—no faint task given the painstaking descriptive cataloging that goes into making such trees.
As to why it is that evolution would choose to turn fertilization inside out—who knows? Perhaps it just makes life a little easier.
Abrahim is a PhD student at Scripps Institution of Oceanography in San Diego where they study marine chemical biology.
Like this: Like Loading...
About
My english is a little basic xD
Hi everyone, well I always had a dish it's help the others and Ilove the video games, one day thinking how can I help my family and others? Maybe you are questioning, their family? well I will tell you. In my country (Honduras) the economy is so bad beacuse of this me and my family have a many problems :( I have a job and my father to but it's not sufficient... Well, remembering my childhood I remember "Las maquinitas", What is "Las maquinitas"? or in english "The little machines" or something like that xD and watching the situation of the teenagers in my country and not just the teenagers, me and my family the situation of so many people watching it I hab an idea:
Found a establishment where the people can come to PLAY VIDEO GAMES :D <3 Why video games? beacuse to me It's a healthy recreation, this way we will help the teenagers to use their time in somethig good but is not just that, I plan lay porters with positive phrases something like "Already played and you have fun now go home and study" or "You already fight a fake war now go home a fight a real war against failure reading your books", fine maybe you think "they will play instead study" well to avoid this we will have rules one of them is "a limit of 3 hours per person". We will make tournaments involving the teens removing them of the streets and bringing them to a good activity.
We will create 3 or 4 jobs helping 3 or 4 families :D and how we will help the others? Well, we will destine 40% of winnings to charity, all months a different organization helping Children with cancer, homeless, elderly and more needy.
I compromise with you to make it real with your help, I'm not a politician, the politician make me vomit, I'm a teen student with a big heart trying to do something different for change the situation of my family, of the teens of my country and others. I compromise to post pics, bills, videos and real testimonials of the people we will help.
Be part of this and together change the life of many people.
Thanks <3 :)
The SKETCH:
When we collect:
We'll make t-shirt, helping 1 more family who starts in the silkscreen ;)
Meet us ;)
Be a heroe to us and many people, let the world meet you and your BIG HEART :D
Be cool with the COOLEST T-SHIRT EVER B)
And show others what you help peole with our COOL SNAPBACK GAMER (:P
COME WITH US AND TOGETHER CHANCE THE LIFE OF MANY <3
Generically, the word goof is another term for a mistake. However, the term is also used in a number of specific senses. Several origins have been proposed for the word. According to Merriam-Webster, "goof" is likely a variation of "goff" in an English dialect, meaning simpleton.[1] Some say the word may come from an identically pronounced Hebrew word meaning "body", some even say it was just a mistake happened while typing the word " good", hence the word "goof" is also known as other word for mistake. Others believe that it was inspired by the Disney character, Goofy (though it is more likely that the character got their name from the word, not the word from the character). See the etymological explanation of Hessu Hopo, 'Goofy' in Finnish language. There is a Spanish word, "gofio," which refers to the balls of toasted flour and salt eaten by the original inhabitants of the Canary Islands. In Latin America (esp. Cuba) the word "comegofio" (lit. "gofio-eater") came to refer to anyone from the Canaries, stereotyped as primitive or stupid.
Cinema [ edit ]
In filmmaking, a goof is a mistake made during film production that finds its way into the final released picture. Depending upon the film and the actual scene, the goof may have different effects: a loss in realism, an annoyance, or it could just be funny. It is often a type of continuity error. Goofs are also known as "bloopers"[2] or "mistakes".
There are several types of goofs, for example:
Somebody or something from the film crew is in the picture that wasn't planned (e.g., camera and cameraman is reflected in a mirror, or the microphone is visible, a rope pushing a character over is visible, a hook pulling a character up in the air is visible).
Chronological or conditional errors (e.g. a cigarette getting longer with the next scene, a cup or glass gaining in volume in the next scene, damage to a building that disappears, or moved props)
Historical inaccuracies and anachronisms (e.g., an HDTV set in a film set in the 1970s, radio tower in cowboy movie).
Geographic: an object or landmark reveals the scene was filmed in a different city than the city it is set. This is very common in Hollywood films that are shot in Canada.
Problems in audio or soundtrack (e.g. a dog barking before its mouth moves, a person's lips carry on moving after they have finished speaking).
Intertitles displaying wrong words (e.g. a character called "John" may have their name misspelled Jhon in the subtitles by accident).
Goofs can be found in a large number of films, even in very expensive productions. Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope for example has been counted to have 200 goofs in it, ranging from disappearing props, to a storm trooper hitting their head on an opening door.
See also [ edit ]
Some 300 Swiss banks had until the end of Monday to determine whether to give the United States records of Americans hiding assets there as Washington threatens institutions with legal action for assisting those avoiding US taxes.
The US and Switzerland have been at odds in recent years, with Washington alleging that Swiss banks have helped US citizens hide billions of dollars in assets from authorities.
Pursuant to a deal between the nations, Swiss banks can avoid US prosecution by volunteering account information on American clients, along with paying a fine.
The penalty equals between 20 and 50 percent of the value of the undeclared accounts, based on when they were conceived. If a bank opened an undeclared account before 2009 - when the Swiss banking giant UBS was fined US$780 million by the US for tax evasion - it would face a lower penalty.
Notoriously secretive Swiss banks that do not disclose account information will face stiffer penalties and prosecution in the US if Washington finds they have hidden Americans' assets.
Egon Vorfeld, managing partner at the Forum Finance Group SA, suggested smaller banking entities will feel the brunt of the high fines even though they are less likely to hide US citizen assets.
“Most of the larger banks are already cooperating, and it's fairly clear which direction they are going,” Vorfeld told RT in an interview. “They have run the numbers and know exactly what they are doing. Perhaps some of the smaller banks could be affected because the fines - the worst of them - could be very onerous on them.”
Negotiator of the deal Swiss Finance Minister Eveline Widmer-Schlumpf has encouraged banks to comply, but experts are split on whether bending to Washington and offering disclosure is a good idea.
"If the United States is threatening all the Swiss banks that it will block their access to the US market and to conducting operations in dollars, let it say so clearly, and let Switzerland take the country before…the World Trade Organization for abusing its dominant position," wrote business lawyer Douglas Hornung in a recent opinion piece in the Le Temps daily.
"But please, don't give in to inexcusable blackmail and let us remain the proud masters of our destiny, and of our past. We have a choice," they added.
Vorfeld told RT the issue of why the US feels it should be able to tell Swiss banks what to do comes down to its large footprint in global banking operations.
“The US has an awful lot of clout and is able to throw its weight around, and feels justified to do so. But clearly a lot of other people feel there is injustice in this supposed justice system, that a lot of the smaller banks will be possibly victims,” Vorfeld said, suggesting those smaller institutions are also more likely to possibly evade the US demand.
HINGHAM — Walk along the many winding paths of Bare Cove Park in Hingham, among the thickets of bushes and trees bordered by the placid Weymouth Back River, and you see few hints of the community of 2,400 that once stood here, complete with its own basketball team, swimming pool, phone exchange, and Howard Johnson's restaurant.
Dig into the underbrush and you might find a corroded metal cylinder, the remains of an artillery shell from the years a naval ammunition depot sprawled over the site. Don't worry, though, the greatest danger today is poison ivy.
When US battleships pounded German pillboxes along the Normandy coast during World War II, there's a good chance they loaded their guns with ammunition that came from the Hingham depot.
Advertisement
At its peak in 1945, the base included more than 100 buildings: barracks, houses, a PX, arms workshops, and scores of storage facilities — both above and below ground — packed with munitions and served by rail spurs. During the war, the Navy built an annex to the depot on land in Hingham, Cohasset, Norwell, and Scituate; much of that site is now Wompatuck State Park.
Get Fast Forward in your inbox: A look at the news and events shaping the day ahead, delivered every weekday. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Today, all that remains of the Hingham depot are its paved and unpaved roads; rotting pier pilings and railroad ties; scattered fire hydrants; a few buildings; and towering poles that served as lightning rods to prevent Mother Nature from blowing up the base.
Related Links A chronology of the ammunition base site A chronology of the ammunition base site.
One of the remaining buildings is by the dock on the Back River, along which barges once transported ammunition to and from naval ships anchored offshore. Instead of stacks of shipping records, the building now houses a museum founded and curated by the park's part-time ranger, Scott McMillan, a 64-year-old retired Hingham firefighter whose father and maternal grandfather worked at the depot.
On display in glass cases are assorted artillery shells, dusty soda bottles, weathered telephones, gas masks, spark-proof tools, medical stitching, flare guns, and countless other relics that McMillan and others have scavenged since the base was decommissioned in 1962.
The museum walls are covered with historic photos, including one of the base's jazz band; among the faces you'll see is a young John Coltrane, who was briefly stationed in Hingham during World War II. Another depicts women assembling top-secret fuses. McMillan said that only recently had they noticed that one of the few men in that photo is their mother's father, a mason who helped build the base and worked in various jobs there. McMillan's family is also represented by their father's Marine uniform. After fighting in the Battle of Guadalcanal, the elder McMillan served as a guard at the base. They met their future wife, Scott's mother, at a USO dance in the Hingham building that later became the first Talbots shop.
Advertisement
The four-year-old museum — which bills itself as the Hingham Naval Ammunitions Depot Memorabilia Display at the Dock House — has also received donations from other wartime sites, such as a shell McMillan said was from the 1916 Battle of Verdun. A soldier had carved it with intricate designs during the nervous hours between assaults. Such shells have come to be known as trench art, McMillan said. Their uncle made a lamp out of a shell engraved with tulips; under other circumstances, it could have sunk a patrol boat.
Once a month during the warmer seasons, McMillan holds an open house at the museum. The next is Saturday, Aug. 31, from 10 a.m. to noon.
As a child in the '50s, McMillan was a friend of the base commander's son. After being cleared at the main gate, “I'd ride my bicycle right up to the commander's quarters and then we'd ride all around here,” they said.
The commander's house today is part of the South Shore Conservatory. Other former base buildings have been converted into the South Shore Model Railway Club and the Bare Cove Fire Museum.
Driving through the park, McMillan pointed out swaths of open grassland that had once been magazines and grass-covered hillocks, reminiscent of Indian burial mounds, concealing underground storage bunkers.
Advertisement
Thickets of bushes and trees obscure remnants of concrete foundations. Some may be from filling houses like the one where McMillan's uncle packed sacks of gunpowder. Each had to weigh precisely the same, as the number of bags used to fire a shell was a key factor in determining its range. Six bags could propel a 16-inch shell, weighing 2,700 pounds, some 20 miles, McMillan said. After a day's work, their grandfather would be “totally orange from the powder,” McMillan recalled their uncle telling him.
The base was associated with at least one military tragedy. In May 1944, 17 sailors died in an explosion about 15 miles off the coast as they were dumping obsolete ammunition from the Hingham base. Last year, a granite monument inscribed with the names of the victims was installed just outside the depot museum. It was paid for by jazz musician J. B. Mills of Whitman, who was stationed at the base.
At the dedication, Mills noted that 11 of the victims were black sailors who had served with him. “I knew all the crew from the depot detail,” Mills told the Patriot Ledger of Quincy. “They were all my black brothers.”
After the base was closed, the Army Corps of Engineers swept the area for hazardous materials, and the Navy turned the 905-acre site over to the town. Attracted by the opportunity to recycle the steel, copper, and other materials left behind, a salvager paid Hingham for the right to clear the area. The park, which covers about half the depot site, opened in the 1970s as a wildlife sanctuary and recreation area. Families with strollers, cyclists, and couples young and old roam its many paths, while deer, coyote, and fox make their homes in the surrounding woods. Condo communities sit on much of the remaining depot site.
Hingham originally came to the military's attention shortly after the Spanish-American War, when the Navy sought a more isolated place than Chelsea for its main East Coast ammo depot.
Starting in 1906, the Navy began buying property (some through eminent domain) in the crescent-shaped area bordered by Route 3A; Beal, West, and Fort Hill streets; and the Back River. A slice of land on the Weymouth side of the river was acquired as a buffer zone. At the time, the rolling hills, meadows, swamps, and woodlands were home mainly to herring fishermen, duck hunters, and farmers. Records at the museum show that the land went for about $100 an acre. The list of sellers — many from long-established Hingham families — reads like a street directory: Hersey, Baker, Bates, French, and Beal, to cite a few names.
Construction on the base began in 1911. During World War I, a training camp was added for sailors destined for the perilous Atlantic. Camp Hingham — which included 17 barracks and a hospital — was demolished in 1925, but the ammo depot remained.
During World War II, the base was beefed up to become the principal arsenal of the Atlantic fleet, as well as a storehouse for naval forces in the Pacific. But ammunition wasn't its only business. The base was expanded to include the Naval Materials Handling Laboratory. While that may not sound as glamorous as assembling top-secret fuses, the Navy could not have sustained operations halfway around the world without advances in shipping techniques and equipment.
The team at the materials lab devised more efficient ways to pack, load, and transport everything from munitions to meat sauce, boots to binoculars. Among those playing a key role at the lab was a lieutenant from Maine and one-time Harvard track star, Norman L. Cahners. They demonstrated that cargo packed on pallets could be loaded and unloaded in half the time with a quarter the manpower. They patented a four-way pallet that allowed forklifts to approach from any direction and maneuver in tight spaces.
Cahners appears in one of the photos on the museum wall, standing among the students and staff of the depot's “Ammunition Packaging School (Palletizing),” as the caption to the January 1944 photo reads.
To keep naval suppliers updated on best practices, Cahners launched a newsletter called The Palletizer. After the war, they paid the Navy the token fee of $1 to take the publication private. Renamed Modern Materials Handling, the magazine became the basis of a Boston-based publishing empire that by Cahners's death in 1986 had grown to 90 titles, including Variety and Publishers Weekly.
Just another “who knew?” story out of this now bucolic corner of Hingham.
For more on Bare Cove Park, visit www.hingham-ma.gov/barecove.
Steve Maas can be reached at stevenmaas@comcast.net
Disgruntled comment trolls frequently drop by here and leave complaints about how cruelly picky women are about the men they're willing to date and, by contrast, how pathetically easy men are.
Let's just put this myth to bed without its supper, shall we?
Some people are very picky about who they will date, while some are not picky at all. By people, I mean “humans of all genders.” It is true that society counsels men to shoot at everything that moves and women to be choosy, but despite this conditioning, it doesn't actually work out this way nearly as often as you might suppose. If you are a man who thinks women are picky and men are so easy, here is where you're confused:
…men imagine themselves to be less picky about looks because they don't even see the women they reject.
See, if you're a guy who asks a woman out and they say no, you have been rejected. But if you're a woman who is hoping a man will ask you out (sadly, most men can't handle a woman doing the asking, even these days) and they don't, they have been rejected. You go out to a bar and ask ten women for their numbers or some promise of future contact and they all turn you down. Ouch – you've been rejected by ten people! A woman goes out to a bar and ninety-three men walk past her, glance them over, don't see what they're looking for and move on. She's just been rejected by ninety-three people.
If you're one of the ninety-three who tripped over that woman and loads more like them in your stampede toward the supermodel lookalike in the corner, you don't feel like you've rejected that other woman. In five seconds, you won't even remember all the women you glanced over who didn't meet your criteria. But they exist. And in not hitting on them, you have demonstrated that you have – gasp – standards for choosing who you will and won't date!
If you have ever passed over a woman who was available at a time when you wanted to be with someone, you have standards for who you will date. Don't feel bad – it means your brain is functioning, which is important for your overall health and well-being. You may need some time to adjust to not feeling sorry for yourself, but this too should help your dating life. Self-pity is not a turn-on.
An angry delegate from a Syrian opposition group protests during the signing of a safe zone pact
Russia, Iran and Turkey have signed an agreement to create safe zones in Syria - but the chances of it succeeding already appear bleak after rebel groups stormed out of the public signing.
The pact, which will come into force on Saturday, is the latest attempt to end the six-year civil war and follows talks in Astana, Kazakhstan.
But delegates from Syrian opposition groups launched an angry protest before walking out of the signing.
"Iran is a country that is killing the Syrian people and the killer cannot be the rescuer," said rebel commander Abu Osama Golani.
The Syrian government said it would abide by the agreement but still fight "terrorism" - parlance for most rebel groups fighting government troops.
Image: The safe zone pact brokered by Russia, Iran and Turkey is signed in Astana
The US gave a very cautious welcome to the agreement.
"We continue to have concerns about the Astana agreement, including the involvement of Iran as a so-called 'guarantor'," US State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert said.
"Iran's activities in Syria have only contributed to the violence, not stopped it, and Iran's unquestioning support for the Assad regime has perpetuated the misery of ordinary Syrians.
"We nonetheless hope that this arrangement can contribute to a de-escalation of violence, end the suffering of the Syrian people, and set the stage for a political settlement of the conflict.
"We look forward to continuing our dialogue with the Russian Federation on efforts to responsibly end the Syria conflict."
Special Report: Syria's forgotten children
Full details of the proposal have not been made available, but the safe zones include the provinces of Idlib, areas north of Homs, the eastern Ghouta suburbs outside Damascus, and an area in the south of the country.
Turkey suggested the scope was much wider.
Video footage on Thursday showed the aftermath of drone attacks at a relief camp in rebel-held Idlib.
Some 400,000 have died in the conflict and half of the population has been displaced.
A previous ceasefire signed in Astana in December reduced violence for several weeks before collapsing.
Numerous other truce attempts have failed.
Verizon Business filed a protest late Friday against the award of a $750 million contract earlier this month by the Defense Information Systems Agency to CenturyLink for a high-speed network that supports researchers and engineers using Defense Department supercomputers, Nextgov has learned.
Ralph White, managing associate general counsel for procurement law at the Government Accountability Office confirmed the protest had been filed, but said they had few details as the full file had not yet been forwarded to them by the GAO clerk's office.
DISA awarded the Defense Research Engineering Network III contract to CenturyLink on June 8 in a contest that pitted the company against both Verizon and Sprint. Worldcom, acquired by Verizon in 2005, won the original DREN contract in 2002 after a fierce bidding battle that included two protests.
The current DREN operates at speeds from 45 megabits per second to 2.488 gigabits per second. DISA wants the new network to have peak speeds close to 50 times faster -- 112 gigabits per second.
DREN III will provide direct fiber-optic connections for researchers and engineers in 200 locations to hook them up to Defense supercomputers as the network component of the Pentagon's High-Performance Computing Modernization Program.
White said GAO would rule on the protest by Sept. 24.
JULY 9 — At the few Peacemeal, Crescent Collective and Third Space events I attended, I noticed many young Muslims, and a few mature ones around my age, attending and listening to the speakers enthusiastically.
I can understand why: their events have this bohemian vibe which is welcoming. The sessions are not the typical utilitarian usrahs we are always subjected to. Aside from the fact that the sessions are conducted in English, which itself is a strong pull factor, the speakers who visit are Sufistic in manner, and warm.
The classes which range from Tasawuuf Lite (soul cleansing) to zikirs and alternative healing, have drawn many, and most times, the classes are packed. I also noticed that these events embrace Malaysian Muslims from varying socio-economic status to ethnicity. They are truly inclusive usrahs.
And while these three groups operate in their little spheres, in Kuala Lumpur, there is an explosion of foreign imams and teachers flying in and out of the city, teaching Malaysians of all ages, what it means to be Muslim.
The Putrajaya International Convention Centre hosts many talks by foreign Muslim luminaries, and when famed Mufti Ismail Menk arrives in Kuala Lumpur, Muslim KL-ites go nuts. Ever tried attending one of these events? Start early, the jams will kill you. They don't come cheap, these tours, but Muslims flock to these talks.
In fact, this year's Ramadan will see Syrian, Egyptian and Zimbabwean imams leading the congregation during Terawih prayers at mosques in the city and Putrajaya.
(On another note, young Muslims out of Kuala Lumpur will have to contend with our local neo-ulamas such as Ustaz Azhar Idrus, Don Daniyal, Ustaz Mohammad Zawawi Yusof, et al).
As I listened to a talk organised by Peacemeal recently, I noted the frenzy of friends attending these talks — and in light of news of our homegrown jihadists — I wondered if our (Malaysian) way of communicating about our faith, Islam, to our young, has not just been detrimental, but also failed us Muslims.
We are so harsh when meting out Islamic teachings, and do not take into account real-life situations that Muslims endure. In Malaysia, we are good at judging and condemning others.
The reflection of a Muslim man is seen as they attend Friday prayers at the National Mosque in Kuala Lumpur April 11, 2014. — Reuters pic
For many young people, the fear of being seen as base, ignorant of Islam, is just too much to bear. The Internet, and now these foreign imams and collectives, have provided them a safe haven, to be observant Muslims.
Could it be that our way of imparting Islam, has in some ways, pushed some of us to seek extreme forms of Islam? What induces our young men to follow that path? Zurairi AR's What is driving young malay men to jihad offers some theories.
A Facebook friend, whose non de plume is Buku Rejuvenasi PAS (I still don't know what their real name is!) and I chatted on WhatsApp about this. Their idea was that Western democracy wasn't doing it for these young jihadists, and living in well-to-do Malaysia, which spouted Islamist ideals but didn't practise them, pushed them further to that path. The West and Malaysia (somewhat) have failed them.
Back to the previous essay I wrote about young Muslims who are agnostic in secret. What a hullaballoo that caused. Friends asked what they could do to stop the young from opting out of Islam.
Social media liberalists espoused freedom of choice and apostasy happened because there was no space, no room for the young to question Islam. I spent a day or two dealing with a few cranks, one of them a much older gentleman wanting to discuss faith, secularism and Malaysia, who sported a profile picture of them shirtless with sagging man boobs. If you're trying to pick me up honey, old man tatas don't do it for me.
We need to do more than just ask how we have failed our young, and Malaysians, and why. Less chest thumping and pulling of hair, and angsty tears. While the topic du jour is our jihadists, and in no way is it a lesser national challenge, we must ask ourselves what kind of Islam we want for our Malaysia, and whom we want to speak for us.
Because it would seem that what we have now is pushing us away. Even us moderate, observant Muslims.
* This is the personal opinion of the columnist.
Quote chevyn Quote: Originally Posted by when will this be up? i needed to move a character to harbinger today and i couldn't whats the deal will they be giving free transfers for my inconvenience Scroll up to a past page or so, you will see what Tait said.
It will not be up till patch 3.2.1 which will be Wednesday.
Love how you "needed" to move a toon today, but those of us who have been waiting since May 15th and on don't count.
There was a notice, you're not getting a free transfer, unless BW is going to make all transfers free from now on. *smh* ROFL Wow, reading must be hard.Scroll up to a past page or so, you will see what Tait said.It will not be up till patch 3.2.1 which will be Wednesday.Love how you "needed" to move a toon today, but those of us who have been waiting since May 15th and on don't count.There was a notice, you're not getting a free transfer, unless BW is going to make all transfers free from now on. *smh* Interested in 7 FREE days added to your account, plus a FREE Server Transfer & a CM box of unlocks? Follow this LINK !!
Morbid though it may be, the question of the proverbial "last meal" is one everyone has pondered at one time or another. Most of us can't choose how we'll die, but if we could, we'd like to go out with a bang following a Champagne and foie gras bonanza or something equally excessive. For intrepid traveler Anthony Bourdain, the final meal of their dreams would be a sushi blowout at Tokyo's hallowed Sukiyabashi Jiro, they tell The Guardian.
The three Michelin-starred restaurant and its sushi master Jiro Ono were the subject of the acclaimed 2011 film Jiro Dreams of Sushi, and mere mortals will have a hell of a time getting a reservation there (President Obama seemingly had no trouble, however). Bourdain says he'd prefer to sit alone at the bar for "a 22- or 23-course omakase tasting menu," with which he'd pair "the most rare and expensive sakes." After that, the Parts Unknown host says they could die satisfied, confident that "no one on Earth had eaten better than [him]."
Bourdain's undying love for sushi has even inspired them to create a series of comic books about a violent sushi chef in a dystopian future Japan. And based on Bourdain's Instagram, it appears the constant jet-setter just wrapped up another trip to Japan: While they didn't post any photos of meals at Jiro this time around, they definitely snacked on some yakitori while sipping a cold beer:
Yeah, that's right : It's Suntory Time! #Shinjuku #yakitori #softbone A photo posted by anthonybourdain (@anthonybourdain) on Mar 24, 2016 at 7:11pm PDT
And got in some R&R at a cool-looking spa:
#Arigato Plumbing Optimal #Kaga A video posted by anthonybourdain (@anthonybourdain) on Mar 21, 2016 at 10:34pm PDT
Eater Video: How to make sushi
This is stylish and attractive side table made out of pallets wood and can be used to place at many places in your home. This table can also be said a mental table to put decoration crafts and mental pieces on it. It is looking lovely and adding warm and rustic look to the environment. You can see the design and style of these pallets made side table that it is constructed with multiple racks to place more and more things on it. For example, you can put your books, flowered planter boxes, candle stands and many others on it to make it more useful. Recycled pallets DIY ideas have really changed the concept of furniture and other wooden crafts.
Pallet wood gives us thousands of ideas to make unique furniture items and other wooden crafts to be used for domestic and commercial purposes. Moreover, it is cost effective, attractive and convenient to construct as well. With just basic handy carpentry skills, you can make stylish pieces of furniture items to be used for home indoor and outdoor. For example, this side table can also be placed in the home garden having flowered planter boxes on it to add rustic and warm look to the environment. Natural color and texture of pallets is really beautiful and adds attraction to the place where you make use of pallet made furniture and other wooden crafts.
British MPs were set to deal a body blow to Rupert Murdoch's bid for pay-TV giant BSkyB, as the phone-hacking scandal rocking their media empire threatened to spill over to the United States.
In a rare show of unity in Britain's fractious parliament against the one-time kingmaker of British politics, the coalition government looked likely to back a motion being introduced by the opposition Labour Party on Wednesday, urging Murdoch to withdraw their bid for full control of the satellite broadcaster.
Meanwhile, US senate commerce committee chairperson Jay Rockefeller warned on Tuesday of "severe" consequences if it was found that the phone-hacking scandal rocking Murdoch's realm had spread to their US operations.
"I encourage the appropriate agencies to investigate to ensure that Americans have not had their privacy violated," Rockefeller said in a statement.
"I am concerned that the admitted phone hacking in London by the News Corp may have extended to 9/11 victims or other Americans. If they did, the consequences will be severe," said Rockefeller, a Democrat.
The French army regards a photograph of one of its soldiers in Mali shown posing in a skeleton mask as “unacceptable” behaviour, a military spokesperson said Monday.
“This is unacceptable behaviour,” Colonel Thierry Burkhard told a press conference.
The image, which has spread widely on the Internet, was “not representative of the action that brought France to Mali to help” or of that which soldiers carried out “putting their lives in peril”, Burkhard said.
Taken by AFP photographer Issouf Sanogo, the photograph shows a soldier at Niono, in central Mali, hiding their face from desert sand using a scarf that resembles a death mask. It is reminiscent of a character in the popular combat video game Call of Duty.
The army was working to identify the soldier, Burkhard said.
Status Network Token Bug Bounty (up to $50,000 per bug)
Status Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 13, 2017
We are starting our bug bounty program for all Smart Contracts and software in https://github.com/status-im/status-network-token.
This bounty program is not for Status itself.
Major bugs will be rewarded up to $25,000 (in BTC or ETH). Much higher rewards are possible (up to $50,000) in case of very severe vulnerabilities.
Most of the rules on https://bounty.ethereum.org apply. For example: First come, first served. Issues that have already been submitted by another user or are already known (such as these) to the team are not eligible for bounty rewards.
Scope:
The scope of our bug bounty program includes all contracts related to the Contribution Period and the Status Network Token code.
This includes all contracts within: https://github.com/status-im/status-network-token/
Timeline:
As of this post, the bug bounty program is considered started and valid reports of bugs will be compensated moving forward. The bounty program will continue even after the token launch.
Compensation:
We are using the OWASP risk assessment methodology to determine the bug's level of threat to the sale.
Note: Up to $100 USD
Low: Up to $2000 USD
Medium: Up to $10,000 USD
High: Up to $20,000 USD
Critical: Up to $50,000 USD
Example:
An attack identified that could steal raised funds would be considered a critical threat.
If there was a way for someone to spend more tokens than owned or to mint their own SNT, the bug would be considered a high threat.
Please note that the submission's quality will factor into the level of compensation. A high quality submission includes an explanation of how the bug can be reproduced, a failing test case, and a fix that makes the test case pass. High quality submissions may be awarded amounts higher than the amounts specified above.
Note that bounties will be paid in ETH and paid auditors contracted by Status are not eligible for bounty compensation. If you find a bug or wish to perform more extensive audits, we can also offer the ability to be guaranteed participate in the Contribution Period, at the same rate as everyone else (10,000 SNT per 1 ETH) via here.
Responsible Disclosure Policy
If you comply with the policies below when reporting a security issue to us, we will not initiate a lawsuit or law enforcement investigation against you in response to your report.
We ask that:
You give us reasonable time to investigate and mitigate an issue you report before making public any information about the report or sharing such information with others.
You make a good faith effort to avoid privacy violations and disruptions to others, including (but not limited to) destruction of data and interruption or degradation of our services.
You do not exploit a security issue you discover for any reason. (This includes demonstrating additional risk, such as attempted compromise of sensitive company data or probing for additional issues.)
Contact
Email your submission to: [email protected]. You can also create an issue at https://github.com/status-im/status-network-token/issues
Anonymous submissions are welcome.
If in doubt about other aspects of the bounty, most of the Ethereum Foundation bug bounty program rules will apply.
NASA now acknowledges what NBC Bay Area's Investigative Team first uncovered last year--that the government agency has been effectively giving a price break on jet fuel to a private company. Stephen Stock reports in a video that aired on March 6, 2014. (Published Thursday, March 6, 2014)
Follow @theunitnbc
NASA now acknowledges what NBC Bay Area's Investigative Team first uncovered last year--that the government agency has been effectively giving a price break on jet fuel to a private company.
In a letter to an Iowa senator (PDF), NASA's associate administrator for legislative and intergovernmental affairs admits the agency was selling jet fuel at below market rates to H2-11, a company owned by the founders of Google.
Senator Chuck Grassley says they received the letter on Thursday although it's dated Feb. 24. In the letter, NASA's Seth Statler writes, “in light of the concerns expressed with those agreements, NASA has reviewed its pricing approach and…is now charging a ‘market rate' for aviation fuel at Ames research center.”
Last September, NBC Bay Area examined seven years of fuel records from 2007 through 2013. According to those records, NASA sold to H2-11 discounted jet fuel that was then used to fly a private 757, a 767 and 5 other luxury aircraft all over the world. H2-11's principle owners are the same as Google's: Sergey Brin, Larry Page and Eric Schmidt.
According to the fuel records, H2-11 purchased jet fuel for prices ranging from $2.37 to $3.20 a gallon. At nearby local airports, the exact same jet fuel goes for between $5 and $8.50 per gallon.
According to the inspector general's report, the discount fuel saved Google's principals between $3.3 million and $5.3 million since H2-11 was able to purchase the taxpayer subsidized fuel at Ames.
Senator Grassley has been a vocal critic on Capitol Hill of this arrangement between NASA and H2-11. They say, “It's good news that NASA finally heeded my calls and scrutiny from the media and acknowledged its fuel pricing was wrong. Like all agencies, NASA is responsible for getting the most bang for the taxpayer's buck.”
An official with H2-11 has always maintained that they were buying the only fuel available to them at NASA Ames. H2-11's executive director Ken Ambrose says that the company did nothing wrong and that it has paid “full retail for hangar space” at Moffett Field.
Senator Grassley still wants NASA to get back those millions that taxpayers subsidized for the lower cost fuel, but NASA says it's not possible. In the letter, Statler says “NASA does not have an avenue to pursue payments in excess of its full cost to provide the fuel under the earlier agreements with H2-11, as suggested by the inspector general.”
Shutterstock
Cities stand at the very center of each and every one of the biggest challenges the world now faces.
Last week I attended the seventh World Urban Forum in Medellín, Colombia, where more than 20,000 city leaders, urbanists, and planners from more than 160 countries met to discuss the future of cities across the globe. While there, I called for the United Nations to make cities the centerpiece of its forthcoming Sustainable Development Goals, which are intended to replace the Millennium Development Goals that have guided its economic, social, and human development programs since 2000. In their closing remarks to the Forum, Joan Clos, the Executive Director of the United Nations Human Settlement Program and former mayor of Barcelona, also called for cities to be at the forefront of the new goals, a point that was echoed by Eugénie Birch, a professor of Urban Research at the University of Pennsylvania and the chair of the World Urban Campaign. "These SDGs," Birch noted, "are for all cities and human settlements, both in the advanced economies and the developing world. All of us need to address poverty and climate change, rich and poor alike."
The Medellín Declaration, which was approved and released at the close of the forum, called for an SDG that promoted an urbanization model that promotes "comprehensive and participatory planning;" "that puts people first and fosters social cohesion" and that fosters "gender equality and balanced land development; better urban resilience to climate change and other disasters; and safe, affordable transportation." Unfortunately, a number of important countries, the U.S. and Canada among them, remain worryingly undecided about joining this widespread call for a city-specific SDG from countries as diverse as Germany, Colombia, and Ghana. Their reticence seems to be based on a worry that such goals would create artificial distinctions between rural and urban areas. These governments seem to believe that these issues, and the potential for reform, in cities and urban areas will be automatically covered by more general, nation-level goals on energy, water, health, education, and jobs. Unsurprisingly, these are the same countries that lack clear urban policy initiatives at home, and have historically taken a non-spatial approach to economic policy. I personally believe it is critical that the UN make cities a centerpiece of its new sustainable development goals. The reason is simple: It is cities, not nations, that are the fundamental economic, political, and social organizing units of our time. Effective city-building—which includes building new cities and revitalizing older ones—is the grandest of the grand challenges facing the globe in the 21st century. When all is said and done, cities stand at the very center of each and every one of the biggest challenges we face: climate, pollution and energy; jobs and economic opportunity; poverty and inequality; sustainability and resilience; curbing violence and ensuring personal safety and security; accelerating the spread of personal freedom, tolerance and democracy; and of course spending trillions upon trillions of dollars on infrastructure, housing and city services in the most effective way. A UN goal for cities could help organize the national and global effort to ensure that cities—the principal organizing units of the economy and our central agents of innovation and prosperity— achieve their fullest potential in the coming decades. Shenzhen, a city in southern China, has boomed from a small fisihing village to a major urban center since the establishment of the special economic zone just over 30 years ago (Reuters/Bobby Yip). If that doesn't convince you, below are the 11 biggest reasons why the UN needs to put cities front and center in its forthcoming Sustainable Development Goals.
1) Because we are an urban planet. Sixty years ago, just 30 percent of the world lived in cities. Today more than 50 percent do, and roughly 70 percent of the world's economic activity is urban. More importantly, the pace of urbanization is accelerating. Cities are adding population at a rate of 60 million people per year. By 2050, 6.4 billion people—the equivalent of the entire population of the world today—will live in cities, according to World Health Organization projections. And, as Paul Romer and Brandon Fuller of NYU's Marron Institute have predicted, by 2110, if current trends hold, their numbers could swell to nine billion. Cities are changing fast. Keep up with the CityLab Daily newsletter. The best way to follow issues you care about. Subscribe Loading... 2) Because billions of new urbanites will need to forge a path to opportunity and a better way of life. In the next century, 5.2 billion of these new urban residents, accounting for nearly all of this city population boom, will live in regions of the world that are currently less developed, according to Fuller and Romer. More than 600 new cities with populations of ten million each would need to be built over the course of the coming century to accommodate this growth, they explain. The manner in which they expand cannot be haphazard. Doing it right will ensure greater opportunity and living standards for the world's new urbanites. 3) Because cities will need to become even more productive and generate much-needed jobs. The growing global urban population needs jobs. Cities in the advanced economies average about 25 percent higher productivity rates than their countries as a whole. But, cities and urban areas in the developing world can be as much as two, three, or even four times as productive. They are powerful growth engines. A goal can focus efforts to leverage these productivity gains where they exist and help more cities achieve them. 4) Because reducing inequality and achieving greater equity must be a worldwide effort. The World Urban Forum was focused on the need to increase urban equity around the world. The term “equity” has two important meanings. The first is to create and store economic value, say in a home or business. The second is to increase fairness. Cities are key to both. A new UN Goal for cities could help to create more inclusive models of growth whose rewards are distributed much more broadly than today.
5) Because poverty and slums are a global issue as well as a local one. Millions upon millions live in favelas and shantytowns around the world. By 2050, their populations could swell to two billion. By the year 2050, the slums of Mumbai may cover the same area as the whole of London today. While some slums function as "transitional" places where the poor gain a foothold toward a better life, others are multi-generational poverty traps that are remarkably resistant to efforts to improve them. When interventions do see positive results, they often result in heightened rates of in-migration, which exacerbates crowding and the strain on resources, starting yet another downward cycle. The spatial trap of slums will not be eliminated through abstract poverty eradication policies alone. A UN goal for cities can help identify what works and what does not, and help spread good ideas more quickly across the world's rapidly expanding urban centers. An Indian boy tries to fly a kite from a roof top in a slum neighborhood of Mumbai, India (AP/Rafiq Maqbool) 6) Because slum dwellers are ready to help themselves. Not all slums are the same; some are poverty traps; some aren't. We need to better understand what is specifically different about the latter and work to leverage their positive features. Slums are also composed of different kinds of neighborhoods, and their diversity can help drive their future development. Research by Luis Bettencourt and Jose Lobo of the Santa Fe Institute is finding that slum dwellers can be their own most powerful advocates and change-agents: slums are and can be transformed, their research suggests, if we arm their residents and neighborhoods with the right tools, listen to their insights, and build from and support them. But this cannot be achieved on an ad hoc basis; a new UN goal for cities can help identify and establish best-practices informed by the process of what actually occurs in slums to guide poverty reduction and economic development.
7) Because a global effort can help reduce prejudice, hate, and violence. Many parts of the world – the Middle East, Africa, the Caucasus – are being torn apart by religious and ethnic conflict. In other areas, crime and violence remain endemic problems. Urbanization not only brings economic development, it brings greater diversity and acceptance. As Ronald Ingelhart has shown, urbanization is closely associated with higher levels of tolerance and the adoption of more cosmopolitan values. In a world that is increasingly torn by tribal violence, cities are places where populations blend, and where people find better ways of living together. 8) Because cities play the central role in reducing climate change and improving the environment. Cities are ground zero in the fight against climate change. Built right, they have lower carbon footprints per capita and can better withstand the rising sea levels and intense storms that the changing climate has already unleashed. Built wrong, they can lead to more auto-dependency. These aims cannot be met only be setting space-blind emissions targets. They require smart planning and design in advance of growth. 9) Because better research and data-gathering is needed to make cities more effective, so that we can establish a true "science of cities." Science and clear-eyed data analysis enabled dramatic improvements in agricultural yields and health outcomes in the emerging world. We all want better cities, but we are in many ways still flying blind. There is virtually no systematic or comparable data to compare the must rudimentary economic functions. Without reliable measurements of income, output, and other basic metrics like we have for nations, we can't tell which cities are growing or by how much, where incomes are going up or down, where productivity is increasing or not, where jobs are being created, or where slums are income traps or centers of mobility. A UN Goal could help develop the data and research infrastructure which is absolutely critical to developing deeper understanding that can guide more effective urban strategy, policy and city-building writ large.
10) Because the world needs better urban leadership, strategy, and policy. There's been no shortage of arguments in recent years that "mayors rule the world" and that cities are capable of making it on their own. But cities and their leadership too often lack the tools, training and best-practice identifications that national leaders have come to rely upon. Nation-states have forums and summits like the G8, G20, the APEC and the UN itself. There are world development agencies like the World Bank and countless NGOs and philanthropies. But mayors and city leaders really are going it alone. An SDG for cities would help provide institutional and monetary support for leadership training and the development of tools that can massively upgrade the state of urban leadership and practice of urbanism across the globe 11) And, most of all, because development money needs to be flowing in the right direction. We are going to be spending thousands of trillions of dollars on city building; to get the most out of our investment, we need to identify and replicate what works. We cannot afford to build more sprawling, auto-dependent cities. We need dense, walkable, transit-serviced cities that spur innovation and growth and improve the environment, and that are resilient and sustainable. Like the previous Millennium Development Goals, the new goals will help frame an agenda and orient the flow of development dollars from major international agencies like the World Bank and USAID. An SDG for cities will ensure that cities and urban areas are a focal point. One argument against an SDG for cities is that cities are implicitly included in all the other development goals the UN will announce. But that misses the point. Cities are in fact the central pivot point for the achievement of each and every one of them. Though the U.S., the U.K., and Canada have been reticent, it is absolutely critical that an urban SDG be adopted; we will miss a huge opportunity if we do not get it this summer. Our cities hold vast promise, but it is not blind promise. They can tip either way. As we embark upon the greatest epoch of city building that the world has ever seen, our greatest challenge is to make sure that they tip the right way. Adding a specific UN Sustainable Development Goal for cities will send an unmistakable signal to the world's nations, NGOs, private sector, and foundations that cities are the key to a more sustainable and prosperous global future. Top image: Eugenio Marongiu /Shutterstock.com
Republicans aren't talking about about repealing ObamaCare any more. It appears that is no longer the current reason for the shut down. Now their widdle feelings are hurt, because their temper tantrum has not gotten them what they could earn in Congress, couldn't win in 2012, and couldn't get from the Republican dominated Supreme Court. They think they're getting no respect.
The great government shutdown of 2013 is about Obamacare and budget priorities, but it also is about respect. In short, conservative House Republicans don't think they get enough of it from President Barack Obama and the Senate. "Republicans are now in a position where they don't want to cave in because it sets a bad precedent that the Senate would be somewhat dictating how the House runs," GOP Rep. Michael Grimm of New York said this week. Conservative Rep. Marlin Stutzman of Indiana went further, telling the Washington Examiner that "we're not going to be disrespected." "We have to get something out of this," they said. "And I don't know what that even is."… [emphasis added]
Inserted from <CNN>
Rachel Maddow shows from history and from today how Republican whining shows just how thoroughly incompetent they are.
Visit NBCNews.com for breaking news, world news, and news about the economy
Unfortunately for Rabin, Israel has Republican equivalents back then. The biggest mistake was not to Newter Newt in 1995. What hubris to think they deserved to be included with three Presidents. This shutdown is all about a Republican tantrum that voters rejected them in 2012. Just like Barney Frank said then, Republicans are punishing the country. They don't know what it is, but they have to get something
Posted by
Steve Bottjer ,
March 10, 2014 Email
Steve Bottjer
On Twitter:
@BottjerRNO Read this on your iPhone/iPad or Android device
Philippe Davies
Born in Longueuil, Quebec, Philippe Davies is a 6'0 midfielder that joined the Whitecaps Residency Program in the fall of 2007. They represented the Whitecaps at the PDL, USL and NASL levels and was part of their journey to the MLS becoming the club's first-ever MLS homegrown player. They have now joined Fury FC after two seasons with USL PRO side Richmond Kickers. At the International level, Davies has represented Canada at U17, U20 and levels U23 and earned their first cap with the full Men's National team last January.
In this interview, RedNation and Philippe discuss their recent signing with the Ottawa Fury, their participation at the 2012 CONCACAF Men's Olympic Qualifying Tournament and their years with the Vancouver Whitecaps.
Audio Interview: Open Player in a New Window | Subscribe | iTunes | MP3
MeetYourMakers have announced that they will no longer be represented by Mariusz "Loord" Cybulski's squad, but that they will not stay out of the game for long.
Earlier this evening a post explaining the release of the Polish team saw light on myMYM.com, stating that the team and the organization parted ways on mutual terms.
Loord's team on the lookout for a new organization
Near the end of last year the team won SLTV ProSeries VIII, the second tier of competition in the Ukrainian-based league, but they have been unable to build on that result this season, losing their first four matches in StarSeries IX.
More importantly, the team failed to qualify to EMS One Katowice after losing to ALTERNATE in the lower bracket, and with that result in mind the organization decided to release them from their contracts.
"Today we have sad news for all our of our Counter-Strike: Global Offesnsive followers. We will part ways with our current CS:GO team. The main reasons are different point of views of the future and performances. Don't get me wrong, the team played very well in tournaments and such, but the goals we had discussed before signing contracts were getting into IEM and Dreamhack." - says Martin Krause in a statement for myMYM.com
"Sadly the team didn't make it into one of them and we were forced to look for other opportinities. The team exists of great players regarding personality and skill and we wish them best of luck in the future. MYM will not stay away from the CS:GO Community, so you can be stayed tuned for more news soon."
The team's manager Łukasz "PRAWUs" Ganczewski said the following about their squad's departure:
"Today we would like to present some sad information, more precisely that the partnership between Dobry&Gaming and MeetYourMakers is over. After a few months representing under the MYM banner there were a few misunderstandings regarding our stay in the organization. I would like to thank everyone involved for the partnership up to this point and the experience we gained as well as I would like to wish MYM much success in the future."
Former MYM players, back under the name Dobry Gaming:
Mariusz "Loord" Cybulski
Bartosz "Hyper" Wolny
Jacek "MINISE" Jeziak
Michał "MICHU" Müller
Paweł "innocent" Mocek
The team is expected to continue playing together, and they are now on a two game winning streak in SLTV StarSeries, having defeated ACES and MayaM. They are on the lookout for an organization to send them to Copenhagen Games and can be contacted at prawus@me.com.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Aug. 14, 2017, 4:57 PM GMT / Updated Aug. 15, 2017, 2:41 AM GMT By Adam Edelman
The African-American chief executive of pharmaceutical giant Merck & Co. Inc. resigned from President Donald Trump's American Manufacturing Council Monday after the commander-in-chief failed to condemn white nationalists for deadly violence at a weekend rally in Charlottesville, Va.
“Our country's strength stems from its diversity and the contributions made by men and women of different faiths, faces, sexual orientations and political beliefs. America's leaders must honor our fundamental values by clearly rejecting expressions of hatred, bigotry and group supremacy, which run counter to the American ideal that all people are created equal,” Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier said in a statement announcing their departure from the council.
“As CEO of Merck and as a matter of personal conscience, I feel a responsibility to take a stand against intolerance and extremism,” Frazier added.
Less than an hour after Merck released Frazier's statement, Trump slammed the exec in a tweet.
“Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council, they will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!” Trump posted.
And on Monday night, the founder and CEO of Under Armour, Kevin Plank, also quit the council.
“I am appreciative of the opportunity to have served, but have decided to step down,” they wrote in a message posted on Twitter. “I love our country and our company will continue to focus my efforts on inspiring every person that they can do anything through the power of sport which promotes unity, diversity and inclusion.”
Later, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich announced they were also leaving the council.
"I resigned to call attention to the serious harm our divided political climate is causing to critical issues, including the serious need to address the decline of American manufacturing," Krzanich wrote on an Intel blog. "Politics and political agendas have sidelined the important mission of rebuilding America's manufacturing base."
Scott Paul, president of the Alliance for American Manufacturing, announced their departure from the White House manufacturing council on Tuesday.
The resignations came after Trump sparked a national backlash Saturday by suggesting that “many sides” were to blame for violence during a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville.
One person was killed and more than 19 others were injured during protests at the rally after a car plowed through a group of counter-protesters who were demonstrating against racism.
Trump, in Saturday remarks from their golf club in Bedminster, New Jersey, said, “We condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides."
They added that hate and division in the country must stop, but that it is not linked to their presidency because it has "been going on for a long, long time."
"No matter our color, creed, religion, our political party, we are all Americans first," they said, adding that he'd like for their administration to "study" why such violence is occurring. They didn't take questions from reporters.
Asked for clarification, a White House official later said: "The President was condemning hatred, bigotry and violence from all sources and all sides. There was violence between protesters and counterprotesters today." Vice President Mike Pence told NBC News that the president "stated clearly that they condemn hate and violence in all of its forms."
After Trump's statement Saturday, many Republicans and Democrats criticized Trump for failing to single out white nationalists for the violence, and on Monday, the president addressed the situation with stronger language.
“Racism is evil and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans,” Trump said in a brief statement from the White House.
Shares of Merck were unfazed by Frazier's announcement to leave the manufacturing council and actually rose 0.7 percent to $62.80 Monday — their best day since July 27.
Frazier, however, was not the first to quit the panel. In June, Tesla CEO Elon Musk quit Trump's manufacturing council and Trump's business advisory council after the president withdrew the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement. Walt Disney Co. CEO Bob Iger also resigned in June from Trump's business advisory council after the president announced their Paris accord decision.
Meanwhile, pressure from social media users mounted on the remaining members of Trump's manufacturing council — a body that includes CEOs from more than two dozen corporate giants like Ford Motor Co., Lockheed Martin, Boeing and Under Armour — to respond to Trump's comments about Charlottesville.
But at least one other member of Trump's manufacturing council said they would remain on the panel.
"GE has no tolerance for hate, bigotry or racism, and we strongly condemn the violent extremism in Charlottesville over the weekend. GE is a proudly inclusive company with employees who represent all religions, nationalities, sexual orientations and races," GE, whose Chairman and CEO Jeffrey Immelt is on Trump's manufacturing council, said in a statement. "With more than 100,000 employees in the United States, it is important for GE to participate in the discussion on how to drive growth and productivity in the U.S., therefore, Jeff Immelt will remain on the Presidential Committee on American Manufacturing."
Dow Chemical CEO Andrew Liveris said in their own statement that, "I condemn the violence this weekend in Charlottesville, Virginia, and my thoughts and prayers are with those who lost loved ones and with the people of Virginia."
"In Dow there is no room for hatred, racism, or bigotry. Dow will continue to work to strengthen the social and economic fabric of the communities where it operates — including supporting policies that help create employment opportunities in manufacturing and rebuild the American workforce," Liveris added.
CORRECTION (Aug. 15, 10:45 a.m.): An earlier version of this article misspelled the first name of Intel's CEO, who also resigned from Trump's advisory council.  They are Brian Krzanich, not Brain.
Last Saturday, thirty men armed with rifles and clubs broke into an independent media office in Kiswa, a town in the Damascus suburb of West Ghouta.
When the men exited the makeshift newsroom, they left in their wake bruised bodies and broken equipment, including the journalists' only working laptop.
On Sunday, journalists in West Ghouta issued a statement condemning Ajnad a-Sham, an Islamist rebel group which has previously been accused of attempts to co-opt and intimidate citizen journalists in Kiswa.
Statement posted on The Local Council of Kiswa City's Facebook page. Courtesy of The Local Council of Kiswa City.
“In essence this [attack] was a result of our continued criticism of their conduct with civilians and our recent refusal to cooperate with their stipulations,” citizen journalist Abu Muhammad al-Kiswani told Syria Direct correspondent Alaa Nasser.
Cornered in the regime-blockaded southern half of Kiswa, Ajnad a-Sham has been accused of cleaving parts of southern Kiswa into a fiefdom where it monopolizes the distribution of food, humanitarian aid and medical assistance, Syria Direct reported last November.
As citizen journalists in Kiswa attempt to stay neutral, they come under pressure from armed opposition groups, al-Kiswani told Syria Direct.
“This pressure [from armed opposition groups] stems from being held accountable.”
Q: Could you tell us, from your point of view, what took place last Saturday?
This past Saturday, at 11pm, 30 armed men broke into our headquarters. They belonged to Ajnad a-Sham's force in Kiswa. They stormed our office, guns pointed towards the sky, firing. Most were also carrying clubs which they attacked us with.
There were seven of us in the office that night, three journalists and four medical staff. Most of us who were there now have serious bruising on our bodies as a result of their beating.
They didn't just beat us. Most of what was in our office is now in tatters. They broke our only laptop, our most crucial piece of equipment.
Our office, in terms of equipment, was far simpler that what you'd find in other newsrooms.
Aftermath of the Ajnad a-Sham attack on an independent media office in Kiswa. Photo courtesy of Abu Muhammed al-Kiswani.
Q: Why do you think they attacked your office?
In the past Ajnad a-Sham has tried to pressure us into stopping our work. This pressure stems from being held accountable.
Recently we refused to cooperate with any of the armed rebel groups. This is when we began receiving threats against our headquarters from different armed groups. It is worth mentioning that these rebel groups which oppress us have leadership from outside the community.
In essence this was a result of our continued criticism of their conduct with civilians and our recent refusal to cooperate with their stipulations.
Q: As journalists independent from any armed group, what is your relationship with civilians in Kiswa?
We try to deliver the voice of Syrians who are marginalized by the regime on one side and the opposition on the other. We try to act as a conduit to bring the voices of everyday people to the world.
Ajnad a-Sham, widely considered the strongest faction, doesn't defend us, but we have the support of the civilians in Kiswa.
Q: Do you have any demands for Ajnad a-Sham after their attack?
We demand monetary compensation for what they destroyed. We also demand an official apology be posted on their official website and Facebook page. Beyond this, we demand a guarantee that they will not attack us, nor attempt to evict us whenever it pleases them.
A Philadelphia-area political consultant pleaded guilty today to making a false statement to FBI agents in connection with a campaign finance investigation. Acting Assistant Attorney General John P. Cronan of the Justice Department's Criminal Division and U.S. Attorney Louis D. Lappen for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania made the announcement.
Donald Jones, 62, of Willingboro, New Jersey, was charged with this crime and related offenses in an indictment against them and co-defendant Kenneth Smukler returned by a federal grand jury sitting in the Eastern District of Pennsylvania on Oct. 24. Pursuant to the plea agreement, Jones admitted to making a false statement to the FBI arising from their participation in a falsification scheme involving unlawful contributions to Jimmie Moore's 2012 campaign for the Democratic Party's nomination for Member of the U.S. House of Representatives.
As described in the plea memorandum, the scheme entailed Moore's agreement to withdraw from the race in exchange for $90,000 in payments from their opponent's campaign. The payments exceeded the $2,000 limit on contributions from one campaign to another campaign for primary elections. The payments, moreover, were paid to a company created by Moore's campaign manager, Carolyn Cavaness, for the sole purpose of receiving the funds and repaying Moore's campaign debts. According to the plea memorandum, the payments to that company were routed through political consulting companies run by Jones and Smukler to conceal the nature and source of the funds.
As set forth in the plea memorandum, the campaign of Moore's opponent made a $25,000 payment to D. Jones & Associates, a political consulting company run by Jones. On or about August 30, 2012, Jones caused D. Jones & Associates to send a check to the company created by Cavaness in the amount of $25,000. The payment was disguised as a payment for Cavaness's consulting services, even though Cavaness performed no work for Jones' company or the campaign of Moore's opponent. Jones understood that the purpose of the transfers was to conceal the payment of funds from the opposing campaign to Moore's campaign in exchange for Moore's withdrawal. According to the plea memorandum, the campaign of Moore's opponent additionally made $65,000 in payments to Voter Link Data Systems, a political consulting company run by Smukler, and Smukler's company subsequently sent Cavaness $65,000 in payments to conceal the nature and source of those funds as well.
According to the plea memorandum, on or about May 5, 2017, Jones made a false statement to FBI agents investigating this matter. When questioned about the $25,000 payment from their company to Cavaness's company, Jones falsely stated to the agents that Cavaness had performed work for their company and the campaign of Moore's opponent in exchange. According to the plea memorandum, Jones made this false statement knowingly and willfully and for the purpose of concealing from the FBI the fact that the $25,000 payment was an illegal campaign contribution.
In the past year, so many things in my life have changed.
It's been almost a year since the big falling out with my friends. I am happy to say that some of those friendships have been somewhat mended. They are nothing like they were before, but we are at least able to talk on occasion.
I spent 5 weeks traveling all over Europe. A dream come true. I can't wait to travel more. I learned so much about myself, about José, and about our relationship on that trip.
I moved in with José. Talk about a change! Living with your significant other brings about a whole new level of understanding of each other. Thankfully it has gone very smoothly. Not that we haven't had rough patches, as every couple eventually does, but for the most part it's been fantastic.
I have made new friends and gotten to know some acquaintances better.
I have spent more time doing paintings and drawings, and, in the process, improved my artistic skills by leaps and bounds.
Those are just a few things that have happened in my life.
There are many people in my life that don't understand the changes I've made in my life. They don't understand or don't see how much I've learned about myself and grown in the past year. Last night was the first time I have been able to explain to someone a huge change that has happened in my understanding of myself.
Last night I hung out with some of my newer friends without José for the first time ever. They were at drill for the weekend, and one of our friends, Lauren, was celebrating their birthday.
As I was leaving, Lauren's husband (who has been friends with José for several years) jokingly asked me, “So, when are y'all getting married.”
I gave the stereotypical answer of, “I don't know. Why don't you ask him!”
We laughed, and then I got a little more serious and was able to explain to them that for the first time in my life I am ok with our relationship being where it is. I am ok with being in a relationship that is not pressured to continue with marriage. I would be ok if José and I were just in a relationship forever and never got married. We are happy together, where we are right now.
For the first time in my life, I don't feel pressured to be married or like there is something wrong with me for being 27 and not married. I feel like society puts so much pressure on relationships to get to that next step. If you're nearing 30 (which I hate to admit that I am) and you're not married or thinking about getting married, then there must be something wrong with you.
I know so many people, who may not openly admit it, who believe this about themselves. It makes me sad to think of the years I wasted planning a wedding that was never going to happen. Years of my life where I believed that something was wrong with me if they didn't want to marry me and wondered what I could do differently. Years of my life I spent feeling sad and miserable that my friends were getting married and I wasn't, that my friends were having children and I wasn't, my younger sister getting married and not me. (I actually wrote a blog about this some time ago.)
I was genuinely sad about not being married for years. I was bitter toward others. People announced engagements and pregnancies, and I couldn't even be happy for them. I hated going to weddings. I hated seeing photos of newborns. I would cry because it wasn't fair.
Well, I am here to break the news to everyone that there is nothing wrong with being 27+ and not being married. There is nothing wrong with being in a long-term relationship that isn't currently headed for marriage. I am perfectly happy with my relationship right where it is.
I feel confident in myself enough that I don't need marriage like I used to. It used to be my only life goal: to get married and become a mother.
I have different life goals now. I want different things than I used to. That's not to say that I don't want to be married eventually. What I am saying is that I don't need marriage to feel fulfilled.
So for my friends and readers who have felt this sad and miserable feeling about not being married or having children and just feeling left behind in life, learn about yourself. Take some time to grow in your own life. Do something you never thought you could do. Make a dream come true. Be comfortable with your own life. Make changes. Just because you aren't married does not mean you are broken or that anything is wrong with you! Learn to love yourself. You have to be able to do that before you can love anyone else.
EDIT: I thought of this later, after I posted this. I love to listen to “The Bert Show” on Power 105.7 in the mornings. Kristin Klingshirn once said during the show, “Then I met Bart, and it wasn't about being married. It was about being happy.” That statement is so true for me, too. I just felt like I needed to share that.
Now that I don't need marriage to feel fulfilled, I can focus on being happy with José rather than on being/not being married to him. We are happy together, and I feel like that is what matters.
PUNE: A 21-year-old female Kashmiri student who was arrested along with a male friend for allegedly trying to snatch a cop's revolver recently has discontinued their studies and headed back home.Farah Sheikh, a final year BBA student of Sarhad , a city-based institute, told TOI . “My parents told me to leave my studies and return. I love Pune and would have liked to have stayed on. If my family permits in future, I will return to pursue my education,” they said.Earlier in the day, Farah expressed worries about staying on in Pune to former Army chief General V P Malik when they came to visit Sarhad.“My parents do not want me to continue my education in the city, especially after coming to know about my arrest. I am leaving,” they told him.Police said Farah and their friend, Shaurya Dandriyal , had been told by a patrolling team not to loiter in the Bharati Vidyapeeth area on the intervening night of April 8 and 9.Police alleged that Farah slapped a woman sub-inspector and tried to snatch their revolver. However, Sarhad authorities and other Kashmiri students said Farah had told them that they were being falsely implicated.One of the Kashmiri students told TOI, “Though they were disturbed after the incident, they wanted to continue studies and find a job in the city. However, their parents feared police trouble.” Speaking to TOI, Sarhad president Sanjay Nahar said, “Police could have handled the case in a different manner, especially the lower-rank personnel who were present on the day of the incident. They are completely unaware about the current situation in Kashmir. They should learn how to handle such cases in a sensitive manner.”Nahar said Farah hails from Srinagar where their father runs a hotel. “We tried our best to convince their parents to let them continue their education. However, they were firm,” they said.Senior officials of Pune police and Sahakarnagar police station denied any of their personnel had pressurized Farah. They said an internal probe has been ordered. “We are looking in the allegations levelled by the woman. An officer of the rank of assistant commissioner of police is conducting the inquiry,” DCP (zone-II) Pankaj Dahane said.
With the full-scale rollout of Japan's cigarette vending machine age-verification system just around the corner, a Sankei Sports news reporter has confirmed the existence of a minor flaw: magazine photos can be used to fool the age-verification cameras on some machines.
When the reporter went to check out the new age-verifying machines after they were introduced in the Osaka area in June, they soon discovered that the machines equipped with face-recognition cameras would let them buy cigarettes when they held up a 15-centimeter (6-in) wide magazine photo of a man who looked to be in their 50s.
The reporter also went to Kobe, where different face recognition hardware is being used. There, they bought cigarettes using an 8-centimeter (3-in) wide magazine photo of a female celebrity in their 30s. They also reportedly tried to use a 3-centimeter (1-in) wide photo, but the machines rejected it.
As part of the age-verification system, most of Japan's 570,000 cigarette vending machines are being outfitted with RFID readers that check the purchaser's Taspo age-verification card. Smokers without a Taspo card can now either buy their cigarettes in person over the counter or use one of 4,000 special machines equipped with face-recognition systems (these machines do not require Taspo cards). More face-recognition machines are on the way, according to vending machine manufacturer Fujitaka, who developed the face-recognition hardware.
The face-recognition machines rely on cameras that scan the purchaser's face for wrinkles, sagging skin and other signs of age. Facial characteristics are compared with a database of more than 100,000 people, and if the purchaser is thought to be well over 20 years old (the legal age), the sale is approved. If the purchaser looks too young, they are asked to prove their age by inserting a driver's license. According to Fujitaka, the machines are 90% accurate.
Fujitaka admits that people may, on occasion, be able to fool the age-verification cameras with photographs -- but only for the time being. The company is now working on a more advanced system that will make sure each face belongs to a real human, but they are unable to say when these new machines will be put into place.
[Source: Sanspo]
Nate Allen got their 2011 season off to a rough start. No doubt a large part of the reason was that they were still getting over a knee injury suffered last in 2012, but it doesn't change the fact that they struggled. And the struggles were all around. Their tackling was poor, their coverage was lacking...
But things got better. Their tackling improved and lapses in coverage disappeared. I've been encouraged to see how he's been positively graded by Pro Football Focus over the last month. They say that the season finale was their best game of the year.
Second-round 2010 pick Nate Allen had their best game of the year (+3.3). They allowed none of the three passes thrown at them to be completed (including knocking down two passes) and made a heads-up play by intercepting a tipped pass downfield. They were stood up on one run by the fullback, but otherwise did solid work in the run game, notching four solo tackles, one of which was a stop.
They were also graded positively in the Miami game and they singled out their performance against the Cowboys for praise as well.
With Asante Samuel out and the Cowboys' strong receiving targets, the Eagles needed to make sure their secondary wasn't going to be a reason for concern. Some of their lesser known players stepped up like safety Nate Allen (+3.0 coverage) who used their physical nature to prevent two passes from being caught by hitting the receiver while in the act, which forced two dropped passes. While they were thrown at five times, they allowed just one catch for no yards.
It was a good end to the year for Allen and certainly a sign that at least one of the two safety positions looks to be filled for next season.
Commanders,
Which nation do you want to research? Which vehicle type do you prefer? In fact, you don't even have to answer, because this weekend, all vehicles from Tier VI to VIII are discounted, all vehicle types can win useful consumables and experience is tripled, both for first victories and our first mission!
From Saturday 6 September at 07:10 to Tuesday 9 September at 07:00 CEST (UTC+2) take your vehicles out for the day and benefit from the following bonuses:
X3 Experience for the first victory of the day
You see those grey stars? They will rise at an incredible rate!
50% discount on consumables
Whether you use gold or credits to refill them, your purse will thank you!
Discount on Premium Account
3 days for 350 (instead of 650!)
7 days for 680 (instead of 1250!)
30% discount on all standard Tier VI-VII vehicles
All standard vehicles of Tiers VI to VII for fewer credits! Time to expand your arsenal.
15% discount on all standard Tier VIII vehicles
Save credits on Tier VIII and prepare to enter the biggest battles.
Now you have new vehicles, you can enter the battlefields to earn some useful consumables in the following missions:
Mission 1: Tank School Reward X3 Experience Requirements Random Battles only
Tier IV and above only
Once per vehicle per day
Not compatible with the First Victory of the Day bonus Conditions Win a battle
Be in the top 5 players on your team by base experience earned (bonuses for the first victory, premium account, etc., will not be counted to determine the rankings)
Mission 2: In Spot We Trust Reward Coated Optics Requirements Light Tanks only
Random Battles and Team battles only
Tier IV and above only
Once per account
Only base experience counts (bonuses for the first victory, premium account, etc., will not be counted to determine the rankings) Conditions Earn 25,000 XP (over any number of battles)
Be in the top 10 players on your team by base experience earned (bonuses for the first victory, premium account, etc., will not be counted to determine the rankings)
Mission 3: Wolfpack Reward Vertical Stablizer Mk1 Requirements Medium Tanks only
Random Battles and Team battles only
Tier IV and above only
Once per account Conditions Deal 25,000 damage points (over any number of battles)
Be in the top 10 players on your team by base experience earned (bonuses for the first victory, premium account, etc., will not be counted to determine the rankings)
Mission 4: Tons of Reasons Reward Large Caliber Gun Rammer Requirements Heavy Tanks only
Random Battles and Team battles only
Tier IV and above only
Once per account Conditions Destroy 75 enemy vehicles (over any number of battles)
Be in the top 10 players on your team by base experience earned (bonuses for the first victory, premium account, etc., will not be counted to determine the rankings)
Mission 5: Hidden and Dangerous Reward Binocular Telescope Requirements Tank Destroyers only
Random Battles and Team battles only
Tier IV and above only
Once per account Conditions Deal 55,000 damage points (over any number of battles)
Mission 6: Fire Support Reward Enhanced Gun Laying Drive Requirements SPGs only
Random Battles and Team battles only
Tier IV and above only
Once per account Conditions Deal 25,000 damage points (over any number of battles)
An aware tanker is a successful tanker, commanders!
In 1996, Shakespeare's Twelfth Night was removed from classrooms after a school board passed a "prohibition of alternative lifestyle instruction" act. Apparently, a young female character disguised as a boy was a danger to the youth of Merrimack, New Hampshire. Although teenagers in the 80's had survived Boy George, for teenagers in the 90's Shakespeare would have been lethal.
In 1999, at Windsor Forest High School, seniors were required to get adult permission slips before being allowed to read Hamlet, Macbeth or King Lear after the school board pulled them from class reading lists citing adult language, sex and violence.
School boards. Hmmm.
Now, in Perry, Indiana, according to a CNN report broadcast, the Perry Township School Board has suspended a teacher for allowing their students to read The Freedom Writers Diary. A veteran teacher of 27 years, Connie Heermann disobeyed their superiors who told them they may not teach the book. They have been suspended without pay until September 2009. They may not collect unemployment.
The Freedom Writers Diary was a national best seller and a film starring Hilary Swank. It is a collection of diaries -- true life stories told in true-to-life language -- about inner city children struggling to have an education, living with poverty, gang violence, domestic abuse, homelessness and racial intolerance. The boys thought they'd be dead at 18. The girls thought they'd be pregnant by 16. Black, Latino and Asian -- they hated each other on sight, fighting an undeclared war on the streets of Long Beach, California in the years following the LA Riots. None of them ever believed they would graduate high school. At fourteen and fifteen, they had lost hope.
But they did graduate. Many went to college. They became the first in their families to do so. The book is graphic, at times, because it is true. Stories of teens afraid of being killed on the way home from school, or witnessing the murder of a friend while buying candy, makes one understand they're inability to focus on homework once they got home. The book is also inspirational and transformative. I know the Freedom Writers and their teacher Erin Gruwell, intimately, having written and directed the film. They are extraordinary people. Within the course of their four years together, through the creative act of writing these journals, they learned about tolerance and service ... they learned that hope was available to them ...and they learned how to learn. Which is exactly why Connie Heermann gave them students the book.
In the CNN report, the Perry Township representatives cite the bad language in the book. The lawyer for the school board remarks it would serve as a bad role model. I don't know if every member of the school board read the entire book. If they didn't, that wouldn't surprise me. If they did read it, they are banning more than bad language.
Since these teenagers were killing each other in the streets because of racial differences, they were poised to kill each other within Ms. Gruwell's own classroom -- or at least in the schoolyard. To teach their students about the idea of tolerance, Ms. Gruwell taught them about an event they had never heard of before; The Holocaust. Many journals in the book describe the life-changing experience these kids had reading The Diary of Anne Frank and visiting the Simon Weisenthal Museum of Tolerance. They also write of an extraordinary visit to their school by Miep Gies, the woman who helped the Franks remain hidden from the Nazis. Some of the more poignant journals describe their overwhelming reaction to Miep Gies, who called them "heroes" because they were fighting to transform their own hatreds. They also raised money to invite a Bosnian teenager, Zlata Filipovic, who had survived their own civil war -- writing their own book Zalta's Diary -- to visit them in Long Beach and share experiences.
These journals and stories have also been banned in the classrooms of the Perry Meridian High School.
The Perry Township School Board apparently believes the use of words like "motherfucker" is a good enough reason to keep teenagers from reading about the extraordinary effect the Holocaust had on these inner city children. Apparently, the Perry Township School Board believe there is no need for their teenagers to learn that when people are living in poverty-level conditions in this country, fighting for their survival -- sometimes in their own homes -- they are sometimes apt to use words like "motherfucker". Erin Gruwell told me when they went to Perry, Indiana to testify for Heermann before the school board, the book was compared to "pornography" and "Hustler magazine".
What's amazes me in the CNN report is that, although Ms. Heermann lost their job for giving the book to their students, the book remains available to everyone in the school library. When CNN reporter Gary Tuchman remarks to School Board President Barbara Thompson how they couldn't believe that the students would be worse off for reading the book -- and questions, is it possible the book could actually make them better for reading it, Thompson responded: "What worries me is that Connie Heermann ... sent a poor message to our children. If you're told no, do it ... it if it feels good, do it anyway". They gave no response to the question of the book's value to a student's education.
What message is Ms. Thompson sending? Don't stand for what you believe to be right when faced with limited thinking, or worse, ignorance? Just say yes to censorship? Ms. Heermann disobeyed a direct order because they saw the effect the book was having on their students -- many of whom are bused from poor and dangerous neighborhoods (I wonder what representation they have on the elected school board). Heermann stood for what they believed in. Does Ms. Thompson believe this is a bad role model for teenagers? Was Ms Thompson ever inside the classroom when Freedom Writers was being taught? Does the student's learning experience in the classroom mean anything to the school board of Perry Township ?
During a three month period when the school board gave no decision, Ms. Heermann sent out permission slips to the parents, asking for their permission to let their kids read The Freedom Writers Diary ... Out of 150 permission requests, Ms. Heermann received 149 positive responses. And yet the school board still suspended them
Erin Gruwell has created a community of dedicated Freedom Writer teachers across the country, using the book. They lead workshops that focus on inspiring teachers to reach students our education system regard as "unteachable". It is all too clear that too many children fall through the cracks of our American education system because they can not conform to the classic, often out-moded, sometimes puritanical, teaching methods and restrictions. Connie Heermann is a Freedom Writer teacher. I believe they represent the best of what dedicated teachers can be because they chose to serve their students, not their school board. Freedom Writer teachers from around the country are donating whatever money they can, to help Heermann obtain legal representation to fight.
I recently received an email from Jan Erik Dubbelman, the director of the Anne Frank House in Amsterdam, informing me they receive comments from schools and youth centers all over the world about Freedom Writers creating open discussions about exclusion, self awareness, racism and freedom. They listed Brazil, Indonesia, South Africa and the West Bank. I know the book is also being read in schools in Germany and Amsterdam. How can it be that in America ... in Indiana ... we do not see the value of the lessons to be learned? How many times, over how many centuries, do Americans like Connie Heermann have to fight for freedom of expression and thought in their own country?
To view the CNN Report, click here.
Fun with lights – Lights and light based projects don't get enough love here at the Craftcorners blog, and today we're setting out to change that. Light projects are a fun and easy way to transform any room or outdoor space, and can really creative a fantastic mood in an otherwise drab environment. To kick things off today we're going to take a look at one such project: the light vine. We love this particular idea because it uses a very common household object in a new and unique way. In fact it's going to give you a great excuse to dust off those Christmas lights! Let's get started.
What You'll Need
Several lengths of “icicle” style Christmas lights. For this project we recommend forgoing multi-colored lights.
Several boxes of push pin.
Optional: decorational “tops” for your lights and calligraphy pen ink for tracing.
What To Do
The main idea here is that we're going to be emulating a “vine” growing across one of our interior walls. Instead of growing a real vine over the course of several years however, we're going to create a fun instant vine with a little help from our Christmas lights.
You'll want to begin by ensuring that your “vine” has access to an electrical socket – this will basically determine the location of your lighting installation.
From there you're going to begin by creating the design for the main “stem” of your vine, ignoring the hanging icicles for now.
Once you've got a general trajectory planned out for your vine, you can pin it in place using your push pins (be careful not to pierce the actual wire though – cork panels can help here).
Depending on how long you want your installation to be, you can extend it with multiple lengths of Christmas lights.
After your shape is in place, you will now finish off your lighting installation by pinning the hanging icicles in a growth pattern that resembles a real vine – presto!
Strike action at Auckland University of Technology has ended after a pay offer to staff.
Union members temporarily withheld assessment grades as part of the protest, angering many students who said they felt like 'pawns' in the dispute.
The one-week strike action came after the previous collective agreement expired and renegotiations for a new two-year agreement failed.
AUT has now increased its pay offer to academic staff at the university to 1.6 per cent for the first year of the new collective agreement and 2 per cent for the second year, according to the Tertiary Education Union.
READ MORE:
* AUT South students feel like 'pawns'
* AUT staff withhold exam results as part of union strike
The offer was made late last week and the TEU has lifted the strike early to make sure students get their grades on time.
Union branch president John Prince said the offer would be presented to members at a meeting on campus on Monday.
"We took action to get a better deal from AUT and, as a consequence of our actions, AUT has improved its salary offer. We are now continuing all our duties and ending our action as an act of good faith," Prince said.
Last week students were frustrated at the union's actions and said they could not apply for graduation as their lecturers were withholding their exam results.
TEU was demanding a 2.5 per cent pay increase starting January 1, 2016, and another 2.5 per cent increase in 2017.
About 70 per cent of AUT's academic staff belong to the union, which has more than 600 members in total.
A Touch of Disney Magic at the Houston Zoo
In December 2010 we first stepped into the newest exhibit, the African Forest, at the Houston Zoo. Joe and I immediately looked at each other and said “it's the Animal Kingdom!”
The Disney touch was was unmistakeable and immediately I reached out to an old friend, Jeff Kober of the Disney Institute, who confirmed that indeed there was a Disney touch to this exhibit. The Houston Zoo had hired Rick Barongi, former Director of Animal Programs at Disney's Animal Kingdom, as it's a new Director.
Rick played a major role in the design, construction and opening of Disney's Animal Kingdom and Disney's Wildlife Conservation Fund. They brought their knowledge with them to the Houston Zoo and it is woven wonderfully into the African Forest.
The first thing you notice before even entering the attraction is that there is a video they want you to watch that provides you the backstory to what you are about to see. Yes, a zoo exhibit with a backstory…
Come join Gorilla Tommy as they enter the forest to catalog the animals they encounter and searches for the elusive Koolookamba.
What's a Koolookamba? In the 1800's explorers in Africa reported sightings of a mysterious ape-like creature that resembled the cross between a chimpanzee and a gorilla. This mysterious animal, called the Koolookamba, has become the African equivalent of the Yeti or Bigfoot.
The first sign of trouble is when you encounter Gorilla Tommy's crashed airplane. They have turned it into a tent and if you read their journal entries you find that they have a broken leg and the indigenous pygmy tribe has taken them back to their village.
As you begin your trek to the pygmy village you cross under a rock formation that has some carving that resemble a Koolookamba. There are 32 of these images in the African Forest, can you find them all? (remind you of a Hidden Mickey?)
You now enter the pygmy village (kid play zone) and learn more about their tribe. Go a bit further along the path and you will think you have arrived in an Africa village quite reminiscent of the fictional village of Harambe you have walked through at Disney's Animal Kingdom. Here you will find a restaurant, restrooms, and a 4-D theater.
After you leave the village you find yourself wandering down some paths that are extremely well themed. More rock formations are ahead, beautiful sounds of the drums are piped in (love this touch), and you find they are refurbishing for your future enjoyment with a new Gorilla exhibit.
Probably one of my favorite things here is the assembly of drums to play. Remind you of the ones you find as you leave African and head to Asia in Disney's Animal Kingdom?
You turn the corner and you enter Gorilla Tommy's tree house. Here you see where Gorilla Tommy lives, learn how they transitioned from capturing animals to becoming a conservationist, and get to enjoy the Chimpanzees.
The details in this area are phenomenal. It really is the completion of a Disney story.
After you leave Gorilla Tommy's tree house you are back on the savannah and you are surrounded by white rhinos, giraffe, ostrich, and kudu antelopes.
There is also a Giraffe Feeding Platform where twice a day (11 am and 2 pm) visitors can feed a leafy snack to these long-necked creatures.
And like any good attraction, you leave through a gift store.
This is the just first phase of the African Forest. In 2015, they will open a new gorilla habitat which also will house red river hogs.
I love what the Houston Zoo has done and continues to do with this attraction. The Disney touch adds a touch of magic that makes it come alive.
This new exhibit looks to be stunning…
If you are ever in downtown Houston, the Houston Zoo is worth a stop. And make sure to come back on 2015 for the new Gorilla attraction.
INDIANAPOLIS -- You would think they were an undrafted rookie free agent coming from a Division III school if you closed your eyes and just listened to words coming out of their mouth.
"I don't let another man judge me because another man couldn't do it."
"I let them say he's this or that. I keep that in my head when I'm training and try to prove them wrong."
That's not one of the many undrafted rookie free agents trying to catch the eye of a team during minicamp. It's Indianapolis Colts running back Frank Gore.
Yes, that Gore, a veteran running back who is preparing for their 13th NFL season and within striking distance of becoming the fifth all-time leading rusher in league history.
Frank Gore hopes to run over Father Time and keep moving up the all-time NFL rushing list. Robert Deutsch-USA TODAY Sports
Gore is currently eighth in NFL history with 13,065 rushing yards. They can make a substantial leap ahead of Eric Dickerson (13,259), Jerome Bettis (13,662) and LaDainian Tomlinson (13,684) to move into fifth on that last list by rushing for 620 yards this season, something he's done in 11 of their 12 seasons. Gore would have to rush for 1,037 yards to pass Curtis Martin for fourth all-time.
"I hear it," Gore said. "Edge [Edgerrin James], Fred T [Taylor] tell me to keep going. They think I can get top 4 if I just keep being me and keep training. As long as I'm healthy and feeling good and I'm on the field and get the opportunities, that will come."
Each yard Gore, who has only missed 12 games in their career, pounds away on the ground will further help them make their case for the Hall of Fame. Tomlinson's enshrinement this summer will mean that every retired running back ranked in the top 10 in rushing will be in the Hall of Fame.
"I would never bet against Frank Gore," Colts offensive coordinator Rob Chudzinski said. "He's a special, special guy and for them to do what they did last season is incredible. I've got all the facts and the stats and everything else how rare that is. He's a Hall of Famer. That's the bottom line. There's something special there. You never bet against this kind of guys."
Gore, cornerback Darius Butler, defensive lineman Kendall Langford, defensive lineman Al Woods and the ageless wonder Adam Vinatieri -- who is 44 years old -- are the only players over the age of 30 still with the Colts as new general manager Chris Ballard commits to a youth movement.
Gore turns 34 years old on May 14 and knows people question how much longer they can be successful.
They became the first running back in 32 years to rush for at least 1,000 yards while being at least 33 years old (John Riggins was the last to do it pre-Gore, rushing for 1,239 yards in 1984). Gore also became the first Colts running back since 2007 to rush for at least 1,000 yards in a season.
"I don't listen to what people say outside," Gore said. "I don't let another man judge me because another man couldn't do it. I still love the game and I'm training and I'm still having fun. Just because this guy didn't do it doesn't mean I'm not going to do it. I keep that on my shoulders. I'm a shoulder guy. I'm going to show them and I'm not listening to what they've got to say."
Gore, who is headed into the final year of their contract, doesn't have a timetable on how much longer they plan to play. He's taking it year-by-year and evaluates themselves on how they compete against younger players in the offseason.
The reality -- and numbers -- say the running back position is meant for younger players. Gore, as confident as they come, isn't buying that notion. Their 1,025 yards last season were good enough for 12th in the league.
"They try to make it that, but when you look at all the backs, they try to praise after one year, the next year they fall off," they said. "I've been playing 12 years, easy I could have been top five if I had more opportunities, but it ain't about that. When you look at the numbers, I'm still in the mix with all the young guys they try to praise. I let them say, 'He's this or that.' I just keep that in my head when I'm training and try to prove them wrong."
That's why it won't be surprising one bit if Gore is sitting in fifth place on the NFL's all-time rushing list at some point in the 2017 season.
Two weeks ago, the Romney campaign hired Richard Grenell—a long-time Republican and former staffer for the Bush White House—to act as a spokesperson on foreign policy and national security. Grenell received tough criticism from Democrats for a series of sexist tweets, but that wasn't enough to spark reticience from the Romney team.
What was, however, were attacks from religious conservatives on Grenell's sexuality. Conservative activists hammered Romney for hiring an openly gay spokesperson, and questioned Grenell's commitment to the conservative cause. “Suppose Barack Obama comes out — as Grenell wishes they would — in favor of same-sex marriage in their acceptance speech at the Democratic National Convention,“ wrote Matthew J. Franck at the National Review, ”How fast and how publicly will Richard Grenell decamp from Romney to Obama?"
This afternoon, Grenell announced their resignation from the Romney campaign, citing the relentless attacks on their sexuality:
I have decided to resign from the Romney campaign as the Foreign Policy and National Security Spokesman. While I welcomed the challenge to confront President Obama's foreign policy failures and weak leadership on the world stage, my ability to speak clearly and forcefully on the issues has been greatly diminished by the hyper-partisan discussion of personal issues that sometimes comes from a presidential campaign. I want to thank Governor Romney for their belief in me and my abilities and their clear message to me that being openly gay was a non-issue for them and their team.
A few things to highlight. First is the remarkable fact that, in 2012, a gay person can't serve as spokesperson for a Republican campaign, lest they attract criticism from conservative activists. Second, and significantly, is the fact of Romney's weakness; as standard-bearer for the GOP, Romney was well within their rights to hold fast and reject attacks from the Right. That they didn't—and allowed Grenell to resign—is a sign of Romney's skittishness with social conservatives.  They are worried enough about their support that they will cave to anti-gay bigotry if necessary. It's also fitting that this comes on a day when we're still debating President Obama's decision to run on the killing of Osama bin Laden. Bowing to pressure from bigots isn't a great way to inspire confidence in your “resolve.”
One last point. This incident is a better indication of how Romney would govern than anything he's said or any plan he's released; they are completely captive to the right-wing, and will cave if they push him. It's something to keep in mind if you're tempted to describe the former Massachusetts governor as a moderate.
Melbourne Victory flyer Marco Rojas has put their scintillating form down to their tough time in Europe, saying it had matured them as a player and a person.
Photo: PHOTOSPORT
The 24-year-old New Zealander rejoined Victory this season after three difficult years at German club Stuttgart and they hit the ground running.
In Melbourne's stunning 6-1 win over Wellington, Rojas scored two goals in a performance fitting with their status of A-League player of the year in 2012-13.
Ahead of their Saturday clash with frontrunners Sydney FC, who haven't conceded a goal, Rojas says they have learned from the overseas experience.
"What I learnt over there - I've become a bit more direct and I'm using that stuff now in these games and I'm on a bit of a good run and, hopefully, that continues," they said.
"Going over to Europe, I had to come out of my shell a little bit.
"You're on your own and you have to do what you can to succeed so I had to change quickly."
Rojas also put their good form down to their blossoming combination with striker Besart Berisha, who nailed three goals in the Monday night thumping.
The duo combined for 103 touches, six shots and their five goals.
"He's always in the right place and, half the time, you don't even need to look - you know when you've got the ball on the wing where he's going to be and you can just play it across," Rojas said.
The Whites winger said Victory had drawn plenty of confidence from their big win over the Phoenix after a stuttering start to the season.
Melbourne looked extra sharp when playmaker James Troisi came on for the final half-hour in their first match back since last month's collar-bone surgery.
Rojas said they would need to be firing to take down Sydney at Allianz Stadium.
"Sydney have been flying but we will take confidence from the last game that we will be able to do a good job.
"It's going to be a very tough game because they haven't conceded and have scored lots."
-AAP
Over the last decade, an ever-growing number of brain-training programs claiming to enhance learning, memory and general well-being have been developed and marketed for use in the classroom. Unfortunately, despite many years of laboratory research and classroom scrutiny, the effect of these programs on real-world learning and health remains uncertain.
To address this issue, the Stanford Center for Longevity recently released a statement reporting that there is now a scientific consensus that brain-training programs are not effective. Although they acknowledge there is some evidence that these programs may have short-term benefits, the 75 scientists who signed this statement argued that these benefits were narrow, fleeting and irrelevant outside the laboratory.
In response to this statement, a different group of researchers released a second scientific consensus statement arguing brain-training games are effective. Although agreeing with some points made in the Stanford report, the 131 scientists who signed this second statement argue there is irrefutable data demonstrating that brain-training games confer measurable, meaningful effects.
So who's right?
At first glance, these counter statements appear to do nothing more than further confuse the debate as to whether or not these programs should play a role in classroom and real-world learning. However, a closer look at the signatories of each reveals something interesting, which may help shed light on this ongoing disagreement.
Of the 75 scientists who signed the “anti” brain-training statement, 54 are behavioural researchers while only 11 are neuroscientific/medical researchers. This means the majority of scientists (72%) who argue brain training does not work have explored this topic from a behavioural performance point of view (for example, using explicit tests to measure memory, learning, comprehension). A minority (~15%) of “anti” brain-training scientists have explored this topic from a physiological point of view (for example, using brain scans to measure brain function, structure, connectivity).
Conversely, of the 131 scientists who signed the “pro” brain-training statement, only 29 are behavioural researchers while 88 are neuroscientific/medical researchers. This means the majority of scientists (67%) who argue brain training does work have explored this topic from a physiological point of view, while the minority (22%) have explored this topic from a behavioural performance point of view.
So when scientists are measuring an individual's behavioural performance via tests exploring explicit abilities and achievement (such as exams, essays and presentations - measures likely to occur in the classroom), they find brain-training programs are ineffective.
However, when scientists are measuring the physical characteristics of an individual's brain via physiologic imaging equipment (such as fMRI, EEG, and TMS - measures unlikely to occur in the classroom), they find brain-training programs are effective.
So should teachers use brain training in the classroom?
When using a brain-training program, it's important to determine your goals for the program before you begin. If your goals are to improve exam performance, enhance lesson comprehension and accelerate classroom learning, it appears unlikely brain-training programs will be of any use. If, however, your goal is to change brain structures, enhance physical well-being and combat the physical effects of degenerative diseases, it appears brain training may be a good tool.
Although it may sound appealing, the concept that “brain change” is directly correlated with “behavioural change” is overly simplistic, at best. If this argument between scientists tells us anything, it is that one can measure and demonstrate significant changes in neural structure and general physiology without measuring any resultant behavioural or cognitive change.
What this means for teachers is that any discussion of “brain change” or “plasticity” is irrelevant to and likely meaningless for the larger goals of classroom and school-wide education. Until such a time as we are able to measure each student's brain on a daily basis (and determine what that might mean in the long run), teachers can only rely on comprehension, growth and cognitive measures (such as activities, projects and exams).
If brain change does not correlate with behavioural change, then any program created to impact the prior will have no predictable bearing on the latter – this includes all “brain-based” and “plasticity-inducing” programs.
It's also important to note when using scientific research to determine the best course of action for your classroom, be certain to clarify what field the scientific research is derived from. It is possible many teachers will read the second consensus statement and use that as an argument to implement brain-training in their classroom without realising this consensus has been largely derived from neural and medical scientists using outcomes largely irrelevant to classroom goals.
As such, always explore where research originated and what measures are used before determining applicability to your classroom.
In the end, we're left with the same question we started with: does brain training work? If your goal is to physically change the brain, then yes – it appears brain training does work. However, if your goal is to improve behaviour and cognition, then no – it appears brain training does not work.
Slowpoke Rodriguez is a character from the Looney Tunes series.  They are the slowest mouse in all Mexico.  They are also the cousin of Speedy Gonzales, the fastest mouse in all Mexico. Despite their seeming physical deficiency, Slowpoke proves themselves to be very cunning and virtually smart as Speedy is fast. They also show very good gunfighting and hypnotism skills. They usually rely on Speedy to get away from Sylvester.
Appearances
They first appeared in "Mexicali Shmoes" (1959), ends with two lazy cats, Jose and Manuel, the former learning the hard way that Slowpoke carries a gun (though the gun bit has been edited out of this cartoon in recent years). The second, "Mexican Boarders" (1962), revolves around Speedy trying to protect Slowpoke from Sylvester, but in the end, Slowpoke demonstrates their ability to hypnotize Sylvester into becoming their slave. The other mice comment at this point that "Slowpoke Rodriguez may be the slowest mouse in all Mexico, but they have the Evil Eye!".
Slowpoke appears in The Looney Tunes Show episode, "The Black Widow" voiced by Hugh Davidson. Slowpoke is depicted as the Sheriff of Tacapulco. After Daffy Duck and Porky Pig are arrested for running nude in the streets, Sheriff Rodriguez allows them to make a call. As Daffy was unable to get through to Bugs Bunny (who was helping Lola Bunny return a diamond in museum), they ask Sheriff Rodriguez if they would mind that they try to call someone else. Daffy gets through to Speedy Gonzales who speeds all the way to Tacapulco to negotiate their release. Once that was done, Sheriff Slowpoke invites Daffy, Porky, and Speedy to join in Tacapulco's fiesta.
Classic shorts:
Films:
The Looney Tunes Show:
Notes
There is a character very similar to that from the Tom and Jerry Kids series called Slowpoke Antonio, who is Jerry's cousin, probably based on Slowpoke Rodriguez.
Android: Wouldn't it be great if searching the page of a book in the real world were as easy as hitting Ctrl-F on your keyboard to find a search term instantly? Now you can, with the help of your smartphone's camera and CTRL-F.
It's pretty straightforward: You take a picture of the printed text you want to search, and CTRL-F quickly analyzes the text to create a searchable, digital version on your phone. Then you enter your search term and voila, your query is instantly highlighted. The photo of the text will need to be fairly well-lit, in focus, and straight, and it probably won't be able to read handwriting or weird fonts, but hey, neither can I.
Advertisement
Some fully-featured scanning apps also have built-in OCR (text recognition), but if you don't really care about saving the document, CTRL-F is a single-purpose solution that will save you from skimming a wall of text. The developers say an iOS version is also in the works.
CTRL-F | Play Store
This is an open letter to you all. I think on Thanksgiving it's a prime time to say a big thanks - and there's something in it for you all...
The idea behind Odbody.com was conceived nearly two years ago and since I've never known a period in life like it. We've designed and planned the site in our spare time, stayed up way past our bedtime far too many times to finish off presentations, business plans and blog posts. We've been funded by friends and family who have liked in the idea, possibly hoped we might make them rich one day, but more than likely because they believed in us. We've let friends down in numerous ways, generally because by working in our spare time on the site we've failed to turn up to parties, remember birthdays or ignored phone calls. We've also spent our rainy day funds and our future retirement plans on costs to run the site...
So, in no particular order, I want to thank each and everyone of you for all that you've done to keep this baby alive so far:The backbone to every start up company and dream website. Who would have guessed when we convinced you to part with your grandchildren's inheritance/future pension plans that we would then hit the biggest world wide recession since World War II? I can't thank you enough for helping to fund our dreams and hopes. I hope and pray in return that this site does make you all internet millionaires. I can't promise anything, but I can assure you that we have for 2 years lived, eaten, slept and drunk the site and will continue to work as hard as we can to bring you back a return on that investment. Thank you for all that you've done.You guys are always in our thoughts – in the words of a very old (pretty cheesy) song 'everything I do, I do it for you'. We've tried to build a site that will give you somewhere to keep your memories. That's pretty precious stuff. We appreciate that, and I thank you for entrusting us with that. We know that the site isn't all shiny and spangly, we know at times there are things that still need improving, but day in day out we try to do that. We have one developer who is working to keep improving what we do. So thank you for trying it out, thank you for putting up with a clunky bit along the way.Oh sometimes it's tough, sometimes when you're so in love with the idea you get a bit to close to the wood to see the trees (or the screen to see the keys). That's where our detractors come in... comments such as 'Isn't it just a back-slapping site?' and, 'But why would I want to store my life' and the ultimate, 'Isn't that facebook?' serve as a metaphorical slap in the face with a wet kipper. They wake us up from our insular world and make us question everything again – often with a better site at the end of it. So even though sometimes it hurts, thank you.Before Odbody we were just normal, everyday people. Since Odbody , we've become obsessed, friends have had to cope with a lot from us. To state a few:Never seeing us, or at best putting up with us turning up late to functions as we give up every spare moment to work on the site. If we do make it, putting up with us looking dazed and confused as the daylight hurts our eyes having been subjected to 20 hours of glare from the laptop screen.Consistently being asked to take part in surveys, user testing or feedbackCelebrating birthdays and anniversaries without the yearly card or present – as we forget another thing that has been ousted from our memory to make room in our minds for the next feature we're developing.Thank you for still calling us your friends, we can't promise you that it's going to change overnight, but we really appreciate your love and support.Where do I start with this? If they haven't been asked to part with their cash or put up with all the things our friends have multiplied by ten, then they've had to cope with the nervous breakdowns, the worries, the dark fears in the middle of the night as we try and take on too much. Not only that, but add the fact that my dad is quite literally 'pimping' our site out to everyone they meet and leaving our cards everywhere they go, and you suddenly realise just how much your loved ones will do for you. To everyone of you, you all know who you are and you are truly appreciated - you are our inspiration. Thank you.Odbody operates with a massive team of five... four of whom have day jobs, one of which has been employed but will soon have to get a day job (the joy of raising investment in a recession has finally hit). None of us work together, in fact we're based in three locations across the UK. Every one of the team have given up their lives to get this on the road - putting their real life on hold. We know we've made mistakes along the way but what I admire is that each time something isn't right, one of the team will find it in themselves to pull it around, see the light at the end of the tunnel and dragging us back from despair and ultimately, making it a better site. You guys truly rock. Two years on and I can't thank you enough for taking this ride with me.So that's it - a big thank you for all of you. Two years on and we're still rocking on, growing slowly but surely. Living the dream in a recession-hit nightmare. I hope you all have a fab Thanksgiving.Chief Stressball
To me, as well as many others, WordPress is more than a technical choice, it's a lifestyle choice. I didn't see it as such right away. Looking at the last 4 years of my life, I can fully appreciate its impact.
Aspiring to a life full of adventures and whimsy; I never really fit the mold. American TV series and movies that taught me my dreams could be achieved if I worked hard enough. Armed with that knowledge (and without a fancy diploma to my name), I worked bank, police, IT, supply chain jobs until I discovered the joy of making websites.
My newfound passion (and many sleepless nights of work) helped me become a webdesigner. At the time, Joomla!, Spip and Typo 3 were the big names out there (in France). After achieving the role of Artistic Director as a freelancer; it took me a few years to open my own web agency. That moment changed my thinking: it was no longer ME but WE. And when a client asked us to use WordPress, we got to experience the CMS and its community.
Focusing on WordPress
Our team quickly realized that WordPress could do much more than “just blogs”. In France, the CMS kept having a reputation as a blog only platform. Complex websites were not made in WordPress. Our agency decided to convince clients otherwise. To achieve our mission and hone our skills, we decided to get closer to the WordPress community. I naively offered my help in evangelization efforts to the Paris WordCamp organizers. Except that there was one clear hurdle in our path: we had never contributed anything to the community before! This meant that we were relatively unknown. Needless to say that the feedback we received wasn't what we expected.
Contributions: It's About Helping Others
Contributing meant one thing: bring something to the WordPress ecosystem to help improve it. The WordCamp association's president asked us to answer questions on the French forum as a token of our goodwill, to show our commitment.
I started to answer questions right away but felt like an imposter. All the questions on the forum seemed so technical. I didn't know how to contribute since I wasn't a developer. It wasn't like I was going to create a theme or plugin anytime soon. I kept obsessing over ways I could provide value to the community. I thought about my skills but couldn't come up with something that would make a real difference.
Sure I could speak English, but translating documents was not something I felt comfortable doing.
So I turned to the previous WordCamp Paris conference and took a closer look at the participants. There, I found my first clue: a marketing expert! I reached out to them to see if I could interview him. As Marketing Director of a press group, they had leaded a big WordPress project for their company. Interviewing them brought me two things: an article for our blog discussing what could be done with WordPress and a solid understanding of how the inner workings of the French WordPress community. They gave me an idea of the path one would take to end up giving a conference at the WordCamp. I didn't realize it at the time, but by picking a name on a conference program, I would meet one of the key players in my WordPress story: Benjamin.
Meanwhile, I continued to write articles about projects made with WordPress, sometimes ours, sometimes the competition's. Good WordPress knows no bounds so it was necessary for me to showcase all the amazing websites made with this CMS. It's also how I discovered my main competitors (before meeting them in the flesh later at various events).
A white paper detailing the success of WordPress as a CMS got my name out. This allowed me to gain the courage to pitch my first conference. Providing feedback on projects allowed me to find my place in the WordPress community. Focusing on my experience and helping others didn't require developer skills. My contribution was in writing and not in coding.
My First WordPress Conference As A Speaker
My first conference topic was on how to create a multilingual, multi-site project with WordPress in 3 months. Needless to say that I was nervous. I mean, speaking in front of 300 people is not something I had done while working at a bank, or in the police force or in any other job really. Adventure: here I come!
The WordPress community was very kind to me and my first conference experience was a memorable one.
During this conference, I wanted to highlight the plugins we used for this project. I mentioned a French startup that had launched a premium plugin as its first product. I found their approach interesting, so I thought I would give them a little visibility. Showcasing good WordPress websites, themes and plugins was already a habit of mine by then. The French team were happy to be mentioned and happened to be present at the event. They came to talk to me after my conference. Turns out, we had a lot to talk about. The company's name: WP Media. They would open a new chapter of my WordPress story.
During the closing night, I also met a lot of people. Some of them, just like Benjamin were going to have a big impact on my life. Many became great friends as well as mentors like Jenny Beaumont.
Once I got started, there was no stopping me! I continued to speak at events (WordCamp Lyon, WP Tech Nantes), attended meetups, continued writing articles to highlight WordPress projects.
The following year, I joined the organizing team of WordCamp Paris.
Meanwhile, I go to my first WordCamp Europe which was a major new turn.
WordCamp Europe 2014 Changed My Life
Going to the WordCamp Europe changed my life. It's an experience I highly recommend. If you can, go to the next WordCamp Europe!
The organizers managed to pack so many international speakers that my head was spinning. Speakers were coming from all over the world. The quality of the talks (and speakers) along with the breadth of subjects covered open so many possibilities. You could end up changing your approach to WordPress or finding a new method of working with your peers.
I attended a conference by Noel Tock named Beyond the code where they explained how they managed their life working in remote while traveling at the same time. They also gave insights as to how to monitor your time and how to optimize it.
Realizing that such a life was possible; that you could achieve this time of freedom by reclaiming your time was a massive discovery.
The second eye-opening conference for me was Simon's lecture on Running an open source. They explained that that undertaking Open Source also meant contributing and collaborating with a community, including your competitors. Simon showed us for 30 minutes that working with competitors was not only beneficial for us agencies, but also for the customer, and for the WordPress community as a whole.
Professional WordPress
Becoming a strong voice in the professionalisation of WordPress in France and encouraging web agencies to contribute and to exchange more had become priority subjects.
I have launched a WP Next association for professionals
To ensure the promotion of WordPress, mainly with professionals, managers of information system, internet director, new media, … and more generally all IT decision makers.
To enhance the skills of WordPress professionals with decision-makers,
Promote French know-how around the WordPress CMS, associated technologies and services
I also launched with Deborah Donnier a documentary project Think WP to make known WordPress and its community.
A new turn
With these activities I gradually moved away from the creation of websites. Having so many opportunities tied to WordPress available to me, I decided to take a new turn. During the Wordcamps across Europe, I took great pleasure in exchanging with WP Media. We had kept contact since our first meeting. My profile and experience seemed to like a great fit for a new role in the WP Media adventure. I took a leap and became COO of the startup about a year ago. I manage my agency in parallel.
I now work 100% remotely and so does a great portion of my agency. As for WP Media, everyone works remotely. Being a remote worker frees me from constraints that are inherent when you live in the Paris region (it's a city and province in France). Time spent on commuting is used for other activities.
My experience as a remote worker lets me have greater foresight which in turn allows me to carry out so many activities.
Today, I can proudly say that I attended the US WordCamp last year and am I helping organize this year's WordCamp Europe with Jenny and Benjamin.I feel like I belong in a global community that thrives thanks to its members and their desire to improve WordPress.
WordPress helped me along the path to a life full of adventures and long lasting friendships. It offers so many opportunities to forge beautiful projects, stories and more.
I hope that my story will inspire someone else to get started and find the courage to persevere on the way to a life full of adventures (with or without WordPress). Give yourself time and open yourself to other points of view to help build the life you aspire to.
Thank you for reading my story and see you at WordCamp Europe 2017!
October 28, 2012; Source: Roll Call
It's rare for a politically-inspired 501(c)(4) “social welfare” organization to highlight the potential misdeeds of the politician who inspired its founding, but perhaps it is not as surprising when that politician is Rep. Ron Paul (R-Texas), who is known for being an iconoclast in many ways. Roll Call reports that The Liberty Committee, a nonprofit founded by former Paul staffer David James in 1995 to promote Paul's political agenda, is supporting legislation to require better tracking and disclosure of travel expenses by members of Congress and their staff. The resolution in question, H. Res. 580, would require itemization of all travel and use of a congressional credit card to pay for that travel.
Transparency and disclosure are grand ideals, so this resolution seems mundane at first glance. However, as NPQ noted earlier this year, The Liberty Committee has produced documentation suggesting that Paul double-billed for at least $20,000 in travel expenses. In addition, The Liberty Committee asserts that changes to reimbursement policy in 2009 makes it easier, not harder, for members of Congress to conceal travel expense details in their mandatory reporting.
In light of The Liberty Committee's work here, it may not be surprising that Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington (CREW) puts Ron Paul on their 2012 “Most Corrupt” list for “improperly seeking double reimbursements for travel expenses.” What is surprising is that The Liberty Committee, created to back Paul, documents the allegations and cites the CREW condemnation on its own home page next to Ron Paul's official photo. In a world that assumes that 501(c)4 nonprofits are creatures of the politicians who inspire their formation, this is one exception that illustrates what “independent expenditure” can mean. –Michael Wyland
