Israel has released 26 Palestinian prisoners on the eve of renewed Middle East peace negotiations.
Buses carrying the inmates, most of whom were held for attacks on Israeli citizens, left Ayalon prison in the centre of the country late on Tuesday.
Al Jazeera's Marwan Bishara assesses the upcoming Israeli-Palestinian peace negotiations
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas greeted the 11 Palestinian prisoners sent to Ramallah, in the occupied West Bank, while jubilant crowds met the other 15 in the Gaza Strip.
Israelis and Palestinians are set to relaunch talks in Jerusalem on Wednesday, following a preparatory round two weeks ago in Washington.
The prisoner release is part of an agreement to restart the talks after a five-year freeze.
The 26 inmates are the first of a total of 104 that Israel has promised to free within a year as part of a deal secured after months of shuttle diplomacy by US Secretary of State John Kerry, who has visited the region six times since March.
But Palestinian rights groups say that, upon close inspection, the deal is not the concession the Israelis are touting it to be.
Most of the detainees released on Tuesday have already served 20 years behind bars.
Al Jazeera's Sue Turton, reporting from Ramallah, said some of the prisoners had written to President Abbas and said that they did not want to be used as a bargaining chip in the talks.
Israeli protests
Disdain for the Palestinian prisoners is strong in Israel, where media have featured detailed accounts of their attacks on Israelis since a release roster was published two days ago. Palestinians, however, regard the men as heroes in a struggle for statehood.
A small gathering of Israelis demonstrated outside the prison during the release. The protesters included family members of Israeli prisoners calling for the release of their relatives rather than the Palestinian inmates.
Meanwhile on Tuesday, Kerry called the Israeli prime minister to discuss settlement approvals Israel had announced earlier in the day. Palestinian officials have said that these announcements "threatened" talks with Israel.
Israel approved more than 900 new illegal settlement units near the Palestinian town of Beit Jala in occupied East Jerusalem, in addition to 1,200 settlement homes approved two days ago.
"At the end of the day, I think people realise that the prisoners were detained precisely because they wanted to stop Israeli control over Palestine," said Marwan Bishara, Al Jazeera's senior political analyst.
"So it's ironic that they are releasing [the prisoners] while they continue settlements."
Emergency workers and Navy Seebees who managed to save a mother of two and their children as their wrecked car dangled from a bridge said they set aside their emotions to engineer the harrowing rescue.
Kelli Lynne Groves, their 10-month-old baby Milo and 10-year-old daughter Sage's nightmare began while they were driving on California's Highway 101 near Santa Barbara and were rear-ended by a big-rig truck.
Groves' BMW was left hanging practically sideways Thursday on the side of the bridge as the truck plummeted 100 feet into a ravine and burst into flames, killing the driver, Charles Allison Jr., instantly.
"The BMW was then forced into the center concrete wall where the three parties in the BMW became trapped in the vehicle," Officer Danny Maher of the California Highway Patrol told KSBY.com.
After the accident, Groves and their children had a stroke of luck when U.S. Navy Seabees, who happened to be driving on the highway with the kind of equipment needed to save them from the deadly plummet, stopped to aid the family. The crew quickly joined forces with emergency workers in the rescue.
"Our first priority was life safety, and that for firefighters, and for the occupants on the car," Ray Navarro, fire chief at the Santa Barbara County Fire Department, said on "Good Morning America" today.
"This was a complex situation. We had a vehicle with occupants trapped on the bridge and hazmats under the bridge. The teamwork and courage and abilities and skills all came together. And we focused on rescuing those trapped inside."
California Highway Patrol Officer Danny Maher said, "They all got out and wanted to know if they could help maybe with traffic or something else. They had a large forklift with them. … It was actually just good luck on our part."
Greg Taylor from Station 31 of the Santa Barbara County Fire Department was also on the scene at the accident.
"You're so focused on what you're doing that you don't really think about the emotional part of it until afterwards," Taylor told ABC News affiliate KEYT.
Inside the car, which was damaged beyond recognition, 36-year-old, first-grade teacher Groves and their two daughters struggled to free themselves as rescue workers tirelessly fought to rescue them.
"[Groves] was saying, 'Get me and my children out of here,' and they said that they wanted to get a net below them I told them I needed them to remain calm and patient. They were a very calm woman, very cooporative," Greg Nuckols of the Santa Barbara County Fire Department told "GMA."
The forklift was able to keep the dangling car steady until the rescue workers were finally able to free the family.
After the rescue, they were airlifted to Santa Barbara's Cottage Hospital where the baby girl, who had been in a car seat, was treated for minor injuries.
"Kelly said 'thank you,' they were quite happy to be free," Nuckols said. "She was concerned about their baby and their 10-year-old. They wanted us to contact them husband."
Saturday morning the final pieces of the big rig from Thursday's fatal accident were removed, KEYT-TV reported, while an environmental company has been contracted to clean up the reported 50 gallons of diesel fuel that spilled from Allison's truck.
Manor's Graeme Lowdon has extended their gratitude towards Ferrari for being instrumental in its survival as the team looks ahead to a promising future.
Despite slipping into administration towards the end of the 2014 season, eleventh hour investment allowed the team to return to the grid just in time for the 2015 opener in Australia, even if it didn't turn a wheel until the second event.
However, this was in part only made possible by the co-operation of Ferrari to maintain a supply of its 2014-specification engine - following special dispensation from the FIA - which Manor has continued to use all season.
For 2016 though, Manor will enter into a new era with Mercedes-power after signing a multi-year deal to get a supply of arguably the most competitive power unit on the grid. With brighter prospects ahead, Lowdon says Manor is indebted to Ferrari for its part in keeping the team alive.
"It's important to recognise the assistance we have had from Scuderia Ferrari as well this year. This year was a very strange year for us and we were in a situation where without their help at the start of the season we simply wouldn't be here.
"There was a huge amount of effort that went into making sure our team was still on the grid and I think we'll always be extremely grateful for that. But looking to the future I think we've got a chance to level the playing field a little bit and try to get back into the pack and really start racing again.
Jacek Rostowski makes an interesting point on Theresa May's Brexit problem, and their eagerness to push it through as soon as possible. The challenge they face at home may be bigger than the one they will face in Brussels, and they worry more about provoking the Brexiteers than appeasing the Bremainers.
The author highlights the division within the Leave coalition, which makes up of two groups that share "certain conservative values", but different agendas. To one faction belong English nationalists, who are "mostly middle-class, affluent pensioners who want to leave the EU because they think it is too bureaucratic and protectionist." The other faction makes up of nativists - "mostly working-class voters who want to leave because they favor more protectionism", who resent foreigners taking jobs away from them. Whatever deal May's government is to conclude, it will satisfy neither of the two groups.
May might want to get the whole thing over with "before voters realize that the Leave campaign sold them a false bill of goods, including the promise that they could keep all of the benefits of EU membership, particularly full access to the European single market, without having to allow free movement of labor." But they would also want to move on and focus on Britain's future, like forging trade ties overseas.
While the Tory leadership is keen on respecting the will of the Brexiteers, the author says "no one is speaking for the 48% of voters who sided with Remain, except for the Liberal-Democratic Party, which has minimal influence in Parliament." They point out "two deep structural factors that will cut short Leave's continued political dominance in the medium term."
The one factor is the "buyer's remorse" psychology. The author says, of the 1.2 million Leave voters, a million of them were not politically engaged and didn't vote in the 2015 election that ushered in a strong Tory government under David Cameron. They may have been misinformed and misled by the Leave campaign or they cast their votes in protest against the government and establishment. "These disengaged voters will likely not participate in future elections, though they might mobilize for a second EU referendum, if one were to be held."
The other factor is - according to the author - that the Bremainers have a demographic advantage. "Leave-voter deaths will exceed those of Remain voters by 150,000, while new Remain voters entering the electorate will surpass those of Leave by 150,000 (after adjusting for differential turnout between young and old). This generational dynamic alone will tip the balance in Remain's favor by about 300,000 voters each year, and it will eliminate Leave's majority by 2020." The number may be too good to be true. But it all depends on geography. Young, uneducated people with little skills growing up in deprived rural areas in England may not vote differently than their parents.
Indeed, the June referendum shows how divided the country is. "Leave and Remain voters' attitudes differ on almost everything, from the death penalty to environmental conservation. And anyone reading the two sides' increasingly heated online interactions can see that they heartily despise each other." The author speaks of “deep blue water” - a division "between Remain's growing constituency and Leave's diminishing one" that would mar "British politics for at least a generation." With radical Leave voters pushing for a hard Brexit, while Bremainers want a soft one, and given the unforgiving stance in Brussels, the "divorce" may be lengthy and painful. Moreover May's government seems inept to grapple with multiple challenges. Soon people come to realise that they will fail to “get the best deal for Britain.” The author predicts their government might last until May, but not much longer." The wisdom nowadays is that you take each day as it comes. Five months are a long time in politics, and much could happen in between.
An atheist recently wrote, “When are you coming to see the fossils with me, Ray?”
It seems they thought I didn't believe in fossils. How could I not? There are millions of fossils in museums all over the world!
I have even seen thousands of fossils in the “Evolution” museum in Paris. I took a camera crew there a few years ago to look for the evidence for evolution, but they didn't even have an evolution display. All they had was a stuffed monkey in a back area, with “Lucy” written on it. I did the same thing with the Smithsonian in Washington, D.C. All they had was a family of hairy mannequins, squatting around a fire. Every other display contained simply examples of God's creation.
Of course I believe in fossils, but I don't believe in the unobservable bogus science called “evolution,” of which there is no empirical evidence. Anything that is said to be evidence always necessitates faith. I don't believe, because I'm a skeptic when it comes to evolution.
Watch now (in the comments section below) as true believers predictably link to what they believe is evidence – evidence in which they trust (in which they have unquestioning faith), and at the same time they will say it's not a belief.
“When Christians get to their mythological heaven, what will they do? Worship their God for billions and billions of years?”
I will do my best to try and explain the unexplainable.
Let's imagine that I am there just before the six days of creation, and God says to me, “Try and imagine what I'm about to do.”
I would have a problem, because I have nothing upon which to base my imaginations. I couldn't imagine that They were about to create 1.4 million different kinds of animals, birds, fish and insects. I wouldn't ponder the tall, brown-spotted, six-foot-necked giraffe, the massive, floppy-eared elephant, the striped zebra, cute kittens, adorable dogs, roaring lions, growling tigers and a mass of other amazing animals, all male and female and with the ability to bring forth after their own kind.
I couldn't think of massive, snow-capped mountains, deep blue seas teeming with colorful fish of all sorts of shapes and sizes. Neither could I imagine, skiing, surfing, fishing, tasty food, the pleasures of the marital bed and a thousand and one other delicacies of life.
Heaven isn't what the world imagines it to be. Those who enter won't be sitting on a cloud playing a rusty harp for eternity. God's kingdom is coming to this earth, and Theirs will shall be done on earth as it is in heaven. When heaven comes to this earth, no more earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes, disease, pain and death. The Bible says this everlasting kingdom is beyond the human imagination. So think of the greatest most pleasurable thing on earth, and then whisper to yourself that is nothing more than the dregs of the bottom of a filthy trash bin, compared to what God has in store for those who love Him.
Discover Comfort's “You Can Lead an Atheist to Evidence but You Can't Make Him Think,” autographed, at the WND Superstore!
Explore WND's complete collection of Ray Comfort books and videos here.
Kerryon Johnson's diverse skill set earned them preseason honors.
The Auburn junior running back and kickoff returner was among 46 players, including eight from the SEC, named to the Paul Hornung Award watch list by the Louisville Sports Commission on Monday.
In its eighth season, the Paul Hornung Award is given annually to the most versatile player in major college football. Michigan's Jabrill Peppers won the award last season.
RELATED: Kerryon Johnson checks in at No. 8 on Auburn MVP 10 countdown
Johnson had 895 yards and 11 touchdowns, 17 catches for 125 yards, 12 kickoff returns for 267 yards and was 3 for 3 passing with a touchdown in 12 games last season. They were a preseason Third Team All-SEC selection as an all-purpose specialist and is expected to be Auburn's No. 2 running back and primary kickoff returner this fall.
The Hornung Award watch list is comprised of one graduate student, 23 seniors, 19 juniors, and three sophomores who play a total of nine different positions. This year's winner and their family will be honored at the annual Paul Hornung Award Banquet at the Galt House Hotel in Louisville on March 8, 2018.
Johnson is the eighth Auburn player named to a preseason watch list. Safety Tray Matthews was named to the Bednarik Award watch list, quarterback Jarrett Stidham and running back Kamryn Pettway were named to the Maxwell Award watch list, center Austin Golson was named to the Rimington Trophy watch list, kicker Daniel Carlson was on the Lou Groza Award watch list, offensive tackle Braden Smith was on the Outland Trophy watch list and linebacker Tre' Williams is on the Butkus watch list.
Tesla blew through car production expectations this quarter – overnight it released production figures showing it had made just over 25,000 vehicles by 31 March – putting it on track to make 500,000 cars by 2018, according to the major shareholder, Elon Musk. The stock price is up 28% since the beginning of 2017, as the market digests the possibility that this target is achievable.
Above: The number of parts in the electric car is significantly lower than the typical internal combustion engine, which can mean higher margins
It's a fact that America's newest carmaker made 83922 cars last year, and remember, that is from zero in 2013.
But it's the longer term – so five years – that investors should be focusing on: the company is probably aiming for a number close to 1m cars by 2020 or shortly thereafter.
The shorts will scream about this, saying the company will miss these numbers – and that is probably the case – but it won't be by much in number terms, or by long in terms of time.
Tesla's production number comes just one week after Chinese internet giant Tencent bought 5% of the company, injecting over $1b in its working capital in order to help hit those targets.
We are not Elon Musk fanboys – they make their fair share of mistakes, chief among them being taking on too much, such as the merger with residential battery company Solar City.
Above: Tesla chassis, including motor: The reduction in the number of parts for the electric car dramatically increases the profitability
Tesla is already now valued at US$46.4b (note: same as Ford, a bit less than either GM and BMW). But if Tesla does hit a 1m cars a year by 2020 the market capitalisation numbers become compelling.
Even at the 2018 target of 500k cars, Tesla is on track for sales of $25b. It is legitimate to ask whether the market is ready to accept that if the company gets to 1m cars it will generate sales of $50b annually. The stock price says it has not been. But that is what is happening.
Here is where the per-unit economics of the Tesla really start to add up. The 2016 annual Tesla filing reveals that gross margin (ie sale price less cost of the component in the car) was 26%. This is a number most car companies would drool over, given their gross margins hover between the 10%-20% mark.
Part of the reason fossil fuel car companies traditionally have lower gross margins is the huge number of stock keeping units (SKU's) needed to support the various models.
Of course, there are systems that are common to both technologies, like brakes and steering. But the internal combustion engine (or ICE) is really just a maze of mechanical bits that control the explosive chemical energy created by burning petrol. Carburettors, catalytic crackers, turbos, pumps and the like are part of the complex supply chain that makes up the final product.
But the electric car does away with literally 99% of the moving parts found in the ICE. What does removing most of the componentry in a car look like in financial terms? The answer is between 6c and 16c in the dollar or additional earnings.
And remember that the Tesla gross margin is struck on sales considerably below that will be achieved as it gets the economies of scale which are the hallmark of car companies. It is conceivable that the company's gross margin could be in the order of 30%+. The current SGA - selling, general and administrative including the research spend (all the expense that comes below the actual cost of the raw materials in the cars) will grow proportionately smaller as a percentage of sales. This is the very definition of operating leverage.
These economics would certainly have informed Tencent 's investment decision. And having a holding in Tesla at a time when the Chinese government, and its people, are so focused on a pathway to cleaner air makes good business sense. Tencent, with its 800m monthly active users, is essentially saying it will smooth the path to sales of the cars in China, which is not trivial – just ask Apple, which struggled for so long to have its iphone accepted for sale.
For the record, Tesla's sales in China tripled last year to more than $1 billion, or 15 percent of its annual $7 billion in revenue. Tencent is also an investor in China ride sharer Didi Chuxing, which merged with Uber China last year,
The Tesla and Uber business plans both have autonomous driving capability in them, and that is a significant undertaking, but they are very different business models.
From the Uber (and Tencent) perspective removing the driver changes the model, since at present the driver also brings a fully financed car. Without the driver, Uber is in the fleet ownership business, about which we have written before. This almost makes Uber ultimately look more like Hertz or even an airline company, the major assets of which are in transport. Tesla is foremost a car company which envisages being owned by the driver (whether auto-pilot is engaged or not), at least in the next five years.
By Alex Pollak, CIO Loftus Peak
(VIEW LINK)
Stanley youth recorded a remarkable victory on a memorable night at the Store First stadium beating West Ham United youth by two goals to one.
Max Hazeldine scored the winning goal with only four minutes to spare after Jamie Harney sent the game to extra-time with a 92nd minute equaliser.
A nervy start from Stanley showed as goalkeeper Kieran Wolland lost their footing inside two minutes but recovered saving down low from Djar Parfitt-WIlliams' shot.
Moments later Kieran Bywater played in Jordan Brown and Wolland saved and held at the second attempt.
Jack Hartley beat their marker to head over a Daniel Hennigan cross as the hosts began to settle into the game.
Captain Liam Goulding sold their ‘keeper short with a backpass and it nearly proved costly as Brown was closing down, but Wolland did just enough to clear the danger.
The visitors continued to keep possession and overlapping left-back Lewis Page fired an effort wide on 20 minutes.
Dieter Downey, full of confidence from their 25-yard blockbuster goal on Saturday, fired a dipping volley over the crossbar.
Kevin Knoyle had a deflected effort sent looping over the ‘bar, and Amos Nasha floated in the resulting corner that was flicked towards their own goal by Luke Greaves but Nathan Webb was on hand to clear the danger.
West Ham continued to attack down the flanks and Knoyle crossed for Brown but Greaves bravely got their body in the way of the shot.
James Jenkins came short for the ball and beat two defenders before drawing a foul at the edge of the penalty area.
Downey's brilliant delivery only needed the slightest of touches to convert but it evaded the arriving cavalry.
Two minutes before half-time Brown cut in from the right but their sliced shot trickled out for a goalkick.
The Hammers came firing out of the blocks after the break and should have taken the lead within 15 seconds when Parfitt-Williams had a free-header 10-yards out but they couldn't direct it between the sticks.
A sublime over-head kick from Webb gave Stanley a shock lead on the 48th minute. Hartley's cross from the right was flicked towards the back-post where the goalscorer was lurking and they finished in style.
The Reds looked to extend their lead and midfield duo Nathan Hudson and Downey linked up well in the laying off Hartley who struck an effort straight down the goalkeepers throat.
Some great pressing from Jenkins forced the West Ham defence into a mistake and Webb looked to have a great opportunity to double their tally from six-yards but the referee spotted an infringement in the build-up.
Substitute Kealan Steenson's 30-yard pile-driver took a wicked deflection leaving the goalkeeper stranded but unfortunately landed on the roof of the net.
Against the run of play the visitors showed why they are such a feared side striking a cruel blow in the 92nd minute when Harney got a free header from a corner to send the game into extra-time.
Bywater started the onslaught of away pressure as they looked to add to their tally of 13 goals this season firing wide on the turn. The midfielder then curled a dangerous free-kick past the post before Daniel Hennigan made a superb tackle to deny them tapping in from two-yards.
A teasing Max Hazeldine free-kick was a yard too much for the arriving Goulding and it ran its way out for a goalkick.
Stannley stood strong again when Wolland made a couple of smart saves to keep out Bywater, before Harney looked to have scored their second of the game but their tantalising effort landed wide of the upright on the 104th minute.
Greaves are at their very best all evening and their sliding tackle on Brown minutes after the switch around showed just why they were awarded man-of-the-match denying the attacker a free shot on goal.
The defining moment arrived on the 116th minute when Hazeldine scrambled the ball over the line after Barker flicked Steenson's corner into their path.
Wolland had to be switched on up to the very last minute throwing themselves down low to keep out a Brown header than looked destined for the bottom corner.
There were unsavoury scenes after the final whistle when Knoyle was given a straight red card but it is unclear what the offence was.
This victory extends Stanley's unbeaten run to eight games in all competitions and sends the visitors home with their first loss in ten.
The Amtrak train that derailed was the first regular service to use the “bypass” track that goes directly from Tacoma to DuPont, instead of a slow but scenic path along Puget Sound at Tacoma Narrows.
Monday's fatal derailment of an Amtrak train occurred on a rebuilt, $181 million passenger corridor that was supposed to make the trip between Seattle and Portland more reliable.
Amtrak Cascades 501, with 77 passengers and seven crew aboard, was the first scheduled trip to use a new 14.5-mile bypass track from Tacoma to DuPont, instead of a slow but scenic path along Puget Sound at Tacoma Narrows.
The railcars derailed onto I-5 on an old overpass that was outfitted with new rails, said Janet Matkin, spokesperson for the Washington State Department of Transportation (WSDOT). There are no switches in the immediate area, they said.
The Associated Press said at least six people died, while dozens of others were transported to hospitals or treated by medics.
This was the second Cascades derailment of the year. In July, a train ran a stop signal and was deflected into gravel near Chambers Bay along the Sound, causing some minor injuries.
Washington state is one of the few regions investing heavily in passenger rail, a program marred by Monday's tragedy, and its blockage of both rail and freeway networks. Sound Transit owns the track corridor.
The passenger-rail retrofit was approved by regional voters in the Sound Transit 2 ballot measure of 2008, and by WSDOT's rail division. Funding included stimulus money from the Obama administration, which sought to create faster rail across the U.S. Some states ignored or rejected federal aid, but Washington state ended up with about $800 million.
The trackway near DuPont is meant to carry trains at speeds up to 80 mph. By improving tracks and switches, WSDOT hoped to reduce delays and lower travel times by 10 minutes between Seattle and Portland.
Dignitaries on Friday rode the new inland route to celebrate its completion. Besides trackwork, the $181 million program includes the addition of two more Amtrak trains starting Monday, for a total of six round-trips, and a new Tacoma Dome Station that opened this month.
The regional ST3 transit tax measure, approved last year, includes a promise to put Sounder commuter trains on the line south of Lakewood, so they reach future stations at Tillicum and Dupont.
Positive train control equipment, to limit unsafe movements or halt trains before a collision, was part of the retrofit, but Amtrak said the controls were not in effect yet where the derailment occurred.
Trains made test trips on weekends and off-peak hours at varying speeds up to 79 mph, since early 2017.
The derailment began on a curve approaching the overpass, where overhead photos show the southbound train's front end traveled to the right, along the ground and onto I-5.
Not everyone thought the rail bypass was a great idea.
The city of Lakewood sued to halt the project, because of the threat of faster trains going through neighborhood crossings. In addition, the route crosses major arterials next to I-5 and Joint Base Lewis McChord. Monday's crash occurred a mile from population centers.
Amtrak now runs in a corridor that previously used just by slow, Tacoma Rail local freight trains. Sound Transit and WSDOT issued a public education campaign, including a video by Seahawks receiver Doug Baldwin, that people should expect faster trains than before.
These are the first deaths on Amtrak Cascades trains in Washington state. In 1993, five crewmembers died in a head-on crash between freight trains at Kelso.
Regional freight, including oil trains, continues to wind along the Narrows and Point Defiance. Freight trains combine with the Amtrak line in Nisqually, just south of the derailment site, and share the tracks continuing south.
Because of the derailment, WSDOT says, the Amtrak Cascades trains will detour onto their former route along the waterfront.
Watch:
Here's what we know about the Amtrak train derailment
Dan Burton gave this talk at Bayhac 2015. In it they introduce Stack, a candidate replacement for Cabal. The tool provides an easy one line command to install Haskell packages. It also installs any missing tools onto the system (GHC, Cabal, and libraries like alex, happy and cpphs). By default it uses the curated Stackage long-term support databases to choose packages known to build and coexist together. Finally it reuses previously installed packages whenever possible to avoid unnecessary recompilation.
Summary
Stack is a build tool for developers, currently in beta The spiritual successor to stackage-cli It can install packages and also prereqs like GHC itself
Stack builds on top of LTS Haskell which is a curated set of packages from package alleviates dependency hell upgrading minor version of LTS implies upgrading only up to minor versions of each package To get your package added to stackage, follow these instructions
Each project needs a stack.yaml
# stack.yaml resolver: lts-2.15
The way you add a bot is the same way you'd add a contact; indeed, the Add Contact screen in Skype now has two categories: People and Bots. As of right now, the only Bots available to add on Skype are Bing Music, Bing News, Bing Images, Getty Images and Build Bot (which is mostly centered around the Build conference). They're mostly in Preview mode at the moment (in other words, they're still sort of in beta), but they do appear to be functional.
As you might expect, the chat bots respond to very specific keywords. You're not really having a conversation with these bots so much as you're typing in search queries. For example, with the Bing Music bot, typing in "Hello" would bring up Adele's song (a link to their YouTube video, it looks like) rather than polite small talk. A "Hi" in Bing News brought up articles with the word "Hi" in it. When I asked the Build Bot "What's for lunch?" it responded with different lunch hours instead of what was on the menu. Asking the Build Bot to tell me a joke just prompted it to say: "Sorry Nicole, I'm a BOT with a specific purpose... Build. I don't have the answers to everything. You might ask around or try this thing called the internet." Cheeky.
In short, having a conversation with these chat bots feels a little like talking to a search engine, not a person. Which makes sense because these chat bots are all single-purpose, but it does show that they have their limits. If you're looking for a more complicated answer, it's probably easier to just make a call or look up your answer on Google (or Bing, naturally).
Of course, it's still early days yet for Microsoft's AI strategy and we get the feeling that future bots will be a lot more intelligent. Plus once Cortana is integrated, it'll begin to feel a lot more natural. At least, we hope so anyway.
You can try this out for yourself if you download the latest Skype update for Windows, Android and iOS. Mac users will have to wait for now.
Get all the news from today's Microsoft Build keynote right here, and follow along with our liveblog!
Matt Lauer, the disgraced former co-anchor of the “Today” show, is reportedly still seeking $30 million from NBC for the remainder of their contract.
Page Six reports that Lauer's lawyers are trying to get them the rest of their $20 million-per-year-contract that, if they hadn't been fired abruptly for “inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace,” would have lasted another year and a half, through 2018.
A source close to Lauer's team said, “They are currently looking at their contract and determining whether the claims against him, which clearly would affect any moral clause in their contract and their ensuing termination, would cut off their contractual rights to be paid through to the end of their contract.” NBC in 2016 had renegotiated a new deal with Lauer valued at $20 million a year that would have kept them on the air through the end of 2018. (Page Six)
The only way they wouldn't walk away with a golden parachute is because of a moral clause in the contract that would allow the network to fire an employee without pay.
“There is no way Matt is getting paid. There has been an irrevocable breach of Matt's contract, there is a moral clause that says if they bring the company into disrepute — which they clearly have — NBC can terminate their employment immediately without pay and they do not have to pay out their contract," a TV insider told Page Six.
Lauer was seen Thursday, the first time since their firing, meeting with prominent real estate and criminal lawyer Eddie Burke.
Fans of Vince McMahon's WWE are wondering if the 70-year-old pro wrestling impresario has run out of good storylines.
Ratings for “WWE Raw,” the company's Monday night show on the USA Network, have fallen nearly 50 percent from their 2015 high amid a slew of complaints from fans that the entertainment has become too predictable.
As one fan, Alex, posted on ratings blog “TV By The Numbers,” sagging ratings are the result of “too many matches with no storylines and a predictable and boring ending.”
Such opinions have been plastered over pro wrestling bulletin boards recently, which coincide with a months-long decline in the Monday night TV audience.
For example, the audience for the Nov. 23 show slipped below the 3 million threshold — to 2.96 million — from a high of 5.36 million in March, according to WrestlingNewsWorld.com data.
As recently as Aug. 31, the audience was still pushing 4 million — at 3.89 million. However, the last three months have seen a sharp fall-off.
The audience for “Smackdown,” WWE's Thursday night show on SyFy, fell to 1.65 million viewers on Thanksgiving Day, down 44 percent from its high-water mark on Jan. 29.
Sources said the viewing pool was expected to be drained by WWE's over-the-top offering, WWE Network, whose 1.3 million subscribers have 24/7 access to the company's content.
Despite the viewer slippage and storyline complaints, parent NBCUniversal is standing by its brute offspring.
“WWE programming delivers one of the most massive live audiences in cable on a weekly basis and is consistently a top performer for our networks,” NBCU told The Post. WWE said it had nothing to add to that comment.
Shares of the Stamford, Conn., company have been on a tear in 2015, rising 41 percent.
They gained 2.1 percent on Wednesday, to $17.43.
"They've been able to do it much more since the Citizen's United decision from the Supreme Court in 2010. Bob Mercer happens to be especially successful at it recently because they invested in a number of ways and a number of projects that really, behind the scenes, helped launch Trump. That is a statement that was made by Steve Bannon to me in the story, 'No other donor has come close to the impact that the Mercer family has had in building the foundation for' — what they call — 'the Trump revolution.'"
"He is described as really something of a computer and math genius. He's now 70 years old, but they have been behind a couple breakthroughs in the computer world. The first one was figuring out how to translate language on computers, so it was the beginning of Google's translation programs and some of the things that brought us things like Siri. After that, they figured out how to use computers to take masses of data in the stock market and boil them down in ways that would help predict where the market's going, so that their firm, Renaissance Technologies, could make extra-smart trades. In many ways, they have outsmarted the stock market, and the place is just minting billions of dollars."
The New Yorker reports that they have said that African Americans were better off economically before the civil rights movement, and also that the atomic bombs dropped on Japan during World War II may have made some Japanese, who lived outside of the initial blast zones, healthier.
"If you take a look at Bob Mercer's politics, they are way out on the far-right fringe of America. They believe that they should be able to use their fortune to try to impose their views on the country."
On how the Mercer family invests
"In addition to putting $22.5 million just into campaigns in 2016, including the Trump campaign, what the Mercer family did was kind of a longer-view investment in companies and organizations that were trying to undermine the mainstream media. So they invested in Breitbart News, and they also invested in and started something called the Government Accountability Institute. What it did was it dug up dirt on political figures that they didn't like, including Hillary Clinton. It produced a book that became a major best-seller called ‘The Clinton Cash.' The Government Accountability Institute succeeded in giving a copy of it to The New York Times early, which took that exclusive access to turn it into a front page story, which gave credibility to the whole idea that Hillary Clinton was a corrupt figure.
"I think probably some of the claims are true. Sometimes you can have a slant. That doesn't mean that the story is completely wrong, but it may be lacking context. For instance, the Clintons may have done things, they may have definitely given those speeches to Goldman Sachs. But when you take a look at what Trump was doing, well, we now have a government that's filled with people who worked at Goldman Sachs. So does that make them especially corrupt? There's a question of context that's missing."
On Mercer's political ideology
"If you take a look at Bob Mercer's politics, they are way out on the far-right fringe of America. They believe that they should be able to use their fortune to try to impose their views on the country.”
"My questions coming into this story were — I knew that the Mercers had a tremendous amount of influence. But they don't give interviews. So, my question going into this was, ‘Who are these people? And what do they really believe? And what kinds of places are they trying to take America?' What they think is extraordinary. It's the first time I've ever come across anyone who has been arguing that the nuclear bombs dropped on the Japanese in World War II were actually, in some ways, healthy for the Japanese because the radiation from it outside of the blast zone, they believe was good for the Japanese. It's not a position that the National Academy of Sciences, for instance, backs up. You hear many people with big money, particular fossil fuel industry people, who will say that global warming is not really happening or that people are not really causing it. They endorse that point of view too. But they take it to a further extreme and suggests that global warming is really great for everybody and that plant life and animal life are going to be better off. Again, it's a position that you just don't find much scientific support for. Bob Mercer supports the financial support for the scientist who is pushing these points of view."
On how the Mercers benefitted from backing Trump
"You don't have to take it from me as a reporter, though I did try very hard to be very factual in this piece. Take a listen to what the people who work with Bob Mercer say about that. David Magerman says Bob Mercer invested in Trump and they now own a sizable piece of the Trump presidency. There are other people quoted who say they bought themselves seats on the transition team by putting so much money in. So you had Rebecca Mercer on the Trump transition team, and they then recommended various hires — Michael Flynn to be the national security adviser, and of course, they briefly are until they got in trouble and got fired. They also pushed very hard for Jeff Sessions to be attorney general, and that one did work."
On what Bob Mercer recognized about the electorate in the 2016 election
"What they knew early on was that there was this growing populist anger in the country against elites. They were seeing early polling as far back as 2012 showing this. When the Mercers were thinking about which candidates to back, they were cognizant that this growing populist anger was going to be a real phenomenon in 2016.
"I think there's an irony in the idea that you've got a man like Bob Mercer who makes $135 million a year, according to Institutional Investor, who is looking at polling that says the public is getting mad at the idea that the rich are getting away with murder. He's thinking, ‘OK, well, I need to find a candidate who's going to capture that anger.' And the candidate that spoke to them first was Ted Cruz. When Cruz fell apart as a candidate, they moved to Trump, who was very much speaking in the language of populism. It was a potent kind of message. It was the message that the polling said would be potent, and it was."
There are quite a few varieties of birds portrayed among the constellations.
The night sky features a swan, an eagle, a dove, a crane, a toucan, a peacock, a bird of paradise and even a mythical phoenix. And over toward the south as night falls during these late spring evenings is yet another: Corvus, the Crow.
Aside from the famous Sickle of Leo, Corvus is probably the most striking star pattern in the springtime southern sky for those living at midnorthern latitudes. Corvus appears as a small, moderately bright quadrilateral-shaped pattern of stars, like a triangle whose top has been removed by a slanting cut. Add a fainter, adjoining star, and — at least to me — this pattern of stars better resembles the battened mainsail of a Chinese junk. [Best Constellations in June's Sky Explained (Video)]
Crow or 'spanker?'
My Space.com colleague Geoff Gaherty also has an affinity for Corvus.
"Corvus is a special favorite of mine," Gaherty said. "The astronomy club I belonged to as a teenager had an old British gentleman named Edgar Bridgen, who was their expert on constellation lore. They claimed that British sailors used to call Corvus 'Spica's Spanker' because of its resemblance to a lug-rigged type of sail specifically known as a 'spanker.' Indeed, Corvus can also be used to positively identify the bluish first-magnitude star Spica, in Virgo. Just follow the direction of Corvus' slanting top to the east (to the left) and you will soon arrive at Spica."
Gaherty shares my impression of the constellation's shape.
"Corvus always looked to me more like a sail than a crow!" they said.
Penalty for loitering
Corvus is supposed to represent the unfaithful raven of the Greek god Apollo. The bird was sent out with a cup for some water, but instead loitered at a fig tree until the fruit became ripe. They then returned to Apollo without the cup, but with a water snake in their claws, alleging the snake to be the cause of their delay.
As punishment, the angry Apollo changed Corvus from silvery white to the black color that crows and ravens bear to this day. In addition, Corvus was forever fixed in the sky along with the Cup (Crater) and the Snake (Hydra), doomed to everlasting thirst as the Hydra stood guard over the Cup and its contents.
Dim cup
The Cup is a small and rather faint figure whose shape actually corresponds quite closely to its name. Its stars outline a goblet, but unfortunately they're hard to distinguish when the sky is hazy or when the moon is bright. That's a pity, for if Crater were just a bit brighter, I think it would be among the better-known constellations.
On a final note, I recently highlighted the constellation Crux, the famous Southern Cross. Interestingly, when the four-sided Corvus has reached its highest point in its course across the sky, it stands directly above the Southern Cross, which is also attaining its highest point above the South Pole of the sky.
But as I previously noted, even at its highest, the Cross remains out of sight below the horizon for viewers everywhere in the United States except Hawaii and the Florida Keys. Thus, Corvus reveals the position of a constellation whose name is known to almost everyone, though it's invisible to many of us.
Joe Rao serves as an instructor and guest lecturer at New York's Hayden Planetarium. They write about astronomy for Natural History magazine, the Farmer's Almanac and other publications, and they are also an on-camera meteorologist for News 12 Westchester, N.Y. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on Space.com.
One of the most influential and famous books on the UFO phenomenon, Jacques Vallee's Passport to Magonia: From Folklore to Flying Saucers, has long been out of print. Most true Forteans would know this because, like me, if they've wanted a copy in the internet age they've probably had to fork out exorbitant sums for a second-hand copy.
Well, if you've been holding off getting a copy of this must-have book for any serious UFO buff, I've got good news! Today, Daily Grail Publishing has released a reprint of this classic book – both in paperback and hardcover. You can find it at most online bookstores, but I've added handy links to Amazon below if you want to get an early start on your Xmas shopping:
The book has not been revised at all – we decided that the book should be released ‘as is' (apart from the addition of a new Foreword from Jacques), as the seminal historic work in ufology that it was (and still is). For anyone wanting more up-to-date commentary about the topic, be sure to grab Jacques' books Dimensions and Wonders in the Sky.
For a number of years, since publishing Messengers of Deception, I've had many, many readers asking me to convince Jacques to republish Passport to Magonia. I'm excited and proud to bring that to you today.
And for those that will no doubt ask: the gorgeous cover image is by Chris ‘Isoban' Butler.
A heart broken Chinese woman who was dumped by their boyfriend spent a whole week in a KFC eating chicken. Because why the hell not?
Tan Shen, 26, was depressed and decided they needed some chicken goodness to get over their ex, so stopped off at a fast food restaurant by their home.
Deciding they really 'needed time to think', Tan ended up staying there a whole week!
They even phoned in sick to work to stay with the chicken, that's how lovesick they were people.
They said: "I didn't want to go back to my apartment because it was full of memories of him. So I stayed."
However after a few days, employees at the chicken shop began to get worried.
Worker Jiang Li Lung, 22, said: "We work in shifts here and the restaurant is open 24 hours a day, so we get a lot of people coming through."
"At first no one really noticed them But after a few days I began thinking they looked really familiar."
"Then I realised we had been serving them for the past three days and that they hadn't actually left."
They added: "She was after all a paying customer, even if a bit of an odd one."
Though it soon came to an abrupt end as they got sick of the taste of chicken and wasn't keen on the media attention they were beginning to receive.
Chicken is our comfort food too, Tan.
7 years ago
Sarah Palin and their daughter Willow ordered cheesestakes in South Philadelphia Saturday.
PHILADELPHIA (CNN) - Sarah Palin partook in an established political ritual on Saturday night when they headed to Tony Luke's in south Philadelphia to order a pair of cheesesteaks with whiz and onions.
But as the kitchen sizzled and orders were barked out, Palin found themselves talking politics, calling McCain's debate performance "awesome" and taking questions from a voter about the hunt for terrorists in Pakistan.
While waiting in line with their daughter Willow to place their order, a reporter asked Palin if they watched Friday's debate, and what their impressions were.
"I did, I did," they said. "McCain did awesome. They were great. They were absolutely on their game."
Palin added that they are ready to debate Joe Biden next Thursday in St. Louis.
"I am," they said. "Look forward to it. Look forward to getting to speak to Americans through that debate, absolutely."
The governor got a more serious interrogation moments later when Temple graduate student Michael Rovito approached them to inquire about Pakistan.
"How about the Pakistan situation?," asked Rovito, who said they were not a Palin supporter. "What's your thoughts about that?"
"In Pakistan?," they asked, looking surprised.
"What's going on over there, like Waziristan?"
"It's working with [Pakistani president] Zardari to make sure that we're all working together to stop the guys from coming in over the border," they told him. "And we'll go from there."
Rovito wasn't finished. "Waziristan is blowing up!," they said.
"Yeah it is," Palin said, "and the economy there is blowing up too."
"So we do cross border, like from Afghanistan to Pakistan you think?," Rovito asked.
"If that's what we have to do stop the terrorists from coming any further in, absolutely, we should," Palin responded, before moving on to greet other voters.
Palin ordered the two sandwiches, but the managers refused to let them pay, so they slipped a bill into their tip jar. They did not chow down at the restaurant, opting instead to take the food with them in the motorcade.
The effort to raise Baltimore's minimum wage to $15 an hour is dead — at least for now.
Two weeks after the City Council backed the wage hike by a veto-proof majority, the bill's lead sponsor said Monday they had failed to collect enough signatures to even attempt an override of Mayor Catherine Pugh's veto.
"It has been laid to rest," City Councilwoman Mary Pat Clarke said of the legislation, after acknowledging just six of their colleagues had joined them in trying to force a vote to override the veto. They needed 10 council votes to force an override attempt.
But Clarke said they aren't done fighting for a $15 minimum wage. They suggested they would try to launch a petition drive to place the matter before voters in the 2018 election.
"The fight for $15 goes on," Clarke said.
Due to a little-known provision in city law and scheduling issues, council members needed to hold a special meeting within the next two weeks to attempt to override Pugh's veto. But while 12 of the council's 15 members supported the $15 minimum-wage legislation — the exact number needed to override a mayoral veto — just seven signed Clarke's letter calling for a special meeting to do so.
Council members Zeke Cohen, Ryan Dorsey, Bill Henry, John Bullock, Kristerfer Burnett and Shannon Sneed signed Clarke's letter calling for a vote on the veto override. Five of the seven are freshmen on the council.
After Pugh said they were vetoing the bill, City Councilman Edward Reisinger announced they were withdrawing their support of it. And City Council President Bernard C. "Jack" Young and Councilman Robert Stokes said they would not sign Clarke's letter forcing an override vote.
When running for mayor, Pugh told labor unions they would sign the $15 minimum-wage bill if it reached their desk. Pugh said they changed their position, in part, because of the budget problems they encountered after taking office in December, including a $130 million schools budget deficit they are trying to help close. The mayor allocated $22 million in their first budget proposal to help that effort.
The Pugh administration estimated the minimum-wage bill would cost the city $116 million over four years, including the expense of paying city workers a higher minimum wage. Some businesses said they would offset higher costs by raising prices, laying off workers, putting expansion plans on hold or looking for sites outside the city.
While some business groups cheered the mayor's veto, some religious leaders and others encouraged the council to vote to override.
News of the effort's failure came as clergy and labor unions rallied at City Hall to urge members to override Pugh's veto. They argued a $15 minimum wage would lead to increased pay for more than 80,000 workers in Baltimore.
"We need leaders in this city willing to stand up for Baltimoreans who work hard but don't make enough to pay their bills and provide for their families," said the Rev. David Carl Olson of First Unitarian Church of Baltimore. "It is unacceptable that so many people in Baltimore who go to work each day are still living in poverty because the system has failed them."
The Rev. Ty Hullinger of the Catholic Archdiocese of Baltimore said they see the impact of low wages every week.
"I hear the stories from my own parishioners about the struggle to make ends meet on a nonliving wage," they said. "All these families are hard-working families and they deserve better than this."
From the council's chamber floor, Clarke lamented the bill's failure, acknowledging they could not secure enough votes to request a special meeting or override the veto.
"This is not the end, because it can't be," they said. "This injustice remains and it tears our city apart and it keeps us in shreds. I don't know where to turn next, but there is always a way."
They said they planned to consult lawyers to make sure any petition drive to create a ballot question would stand up to a legal challenge.
The vetoed bill, which would have raised the minimum wage to $15 per hour by 2022, exempted workers younger than 21 and gave businesses with fewer than 50 employees until 2026 to comply.
Even with the veto, Baltimore's minimum wage is increasing along with the rate statewide under legislation Pugh supported while in the state Senate. The rate in Maryland will rise to $9.25 on July 1 and to $10.10 a year later.
Pugh said advocates should focus on raising the wage at the state level. They said an economic imbalance between the wages of Baltimore and its surrounding counties could cause jobs to leave and unemployment to rise.
"We are on target to continue to raise the minimum wage," Pugh said, noting the minimum wage will rise for the next two years. "The fight for $15 goes out to 2026. ... We will be pushing just as hard as we can as at the state level. We may be past $15 by 2026."
Baltimore Sun reporter Yvonne Wenger contributed to this article.
lbroadwater@baltsun.com
twitter.com/lukebroadwater
UPDATE: A video of Robertson criticizing drug laws is below, followed by a transcript, followed by a “clarification” from the Christian Broadcasting Network:
Totally serious question:
Calling it getting “smart” on crime, Robertson aired a clip on a recent episode of their 700 Club television show that advocated the viewpoint of drug law reformers who run prison outreach ministries.
“We're locking up people that have taken a couple puffs of marijuana and next thing you know they've got 10 years with mandatory sentences,” Robertson continued. “These judges just say, they throw up their hands and say nothing we can do with these mandatory sentences. We've got to take a look at what we're considering crimes and that's one of 'em.
“I'm … I'm not exactly for the use of drugs, don't get me wrong, but I just believe that criminalizing marijuana, criminalizing the possession of a few ounces of pot, that kinda thing it's just, it's costing us a fortune and it's ruining young people. Young people go into prisons, they go in as youths and come out as hardened criminals. That's not a good thing.”
EXCLUSIVE: Jason Blum's Blumhouse Television, which has a high-profile Roger Ailes limited series in the works at Showtime, is taking on another controversial media titan, former Breitbart News topper Steve Bannon who is now President Donald Trump's Chief Strategist.
Blumhouse TV, run by co-presidents Marci Wiseman and Jeremy Gold, has acquired the rights to Joshua Green's newly released Devil's Bargain: Steve Bannon, Donald Trump, and the Storming of the Presidency for TV development as a limited/event series. Green, currently the senior national correspondent at Bloomberg Businessweek, will be involved in the development of the project, which will tell the inside story of the partnership between Bannon and Trump which led to the greatest political upset in U.S. history.
Published last week, the book has earned strong reviews and has landed at the top spot of the The New York Times bestseller list.
Based on dozens of interviews conducted over six years, Green traces Bannon's surprising trajectory from working class Irish-Catholic Democratic roots to Breitbart News and their hard-edged ethno-nationalism, including hostility toward Muslims and all immigrants. They also masterminded a years-in-the-making plot to undermine Hillary Clinton largely by highlighting their financial ties to foreign donors through the Clinton Foundation, which helped to pave the way for Trump.
Bannon became a bomb-throwing pugilist who was despised by Democrats and Republicans alike. Although he'd never run a campaign in their life, on August 17, 2016 with the blessing of Robert Mercer (the ultra-secretive right-wing billionaire backer of Breitbart News), Bannon took over Trump's foundering presidential campaign and steered it to a shocking triumph, for which they were rewarded with the job of White House chief strategist, a position they still hold today. It's way too early to discuss castings on the project but it will be interesting to see who will get to play the firebrand duo at the center of it.
Devil's Bargain joins Blumhouse TV's Showtime limited series Secure and Hold, about the rise and fall of former Fox News Chief, Roger Ailes, from Oscar-winning filmmaker Tom McCarthy, based on journalist Gabriel Sherman's book, The Loudest Voice In the Room and their coverage of Ailes for New York Magazine.
Additionally, Blumhouse, which recently launched an independent television studio with ITV Studios acquiring a 45 per cent stake, has the upcoming HBO limited series Sharp Objects from Marti Noxon and Gillian Flynn, starring Amy Adams, with Jean-Marc Valle directing all episodes; and The Purge, for the USA/SyFy from writer/director/producer James DeMonaco based on the wildly popular Blumhouse film franchise – all written and directed by DeMonaco; as well as a Tremors pilot for SyFy starring Kevin Bacon (reprising their role from the 1990 cult favorite film).
Devil's Bargain marks a return to the 2016 for Blumhouse TV. The studio recently produced Election Day: Lens Across America, a documentary film centering on the 2016 Presidential Election Day from the point of view of seven photographers in key battleground states across the nation, which premiered on Epix earlier this year.
The Blumhouse deal for Devil's Bargain was handled by the Ross Yoon Agency and Hotchkiss & Associates on behalf of Green.
(Source: EWTN YouTube page)
“I'll See You in Heaven”: Cancer-Stricken Mother Dies After Giving Birth
May God welcome Carrie home, and may They comfort their loving family with the promise of eternal life.
In March 2017, Carrie DeKlyen first experienced what they thought were migraine headaches. A few weeks later, the busy mother of five visited the doctor, expecting an easy fix; instead, they learned that they had a brain tumor. The news just got worse and worse. Doctors first thought it was lymphoma; but after surgery, pathology tests and an MRI revealed that DeKlyen had glioblastoma multiforme, the deadliest type of brain tumor. Without chemotherapy, they would die.
Oh, and the blood tests also revealed that they were pregnant.
Doctors told Carrie that unless they agreed to abort the fetus, they could not participate in clinical trials which could prolong or even save their lives. But Carrie and their husband Nick, from the small western Michigan town of Wyoming, believed in the sanctity of life. As Nick explained, “Me and my wife, we are people of faith. We love the Lord with everything in us. We talked about it, prayed about it.”
And despite the warnings of the surgeon, the DeKlyens chose to continue the pregnancy, even though it meant that Carrie could receive no treatment and would surely die.
In June, DeKlyen began to experience severe headaches that left them nauseous. Nineteen weeks into their pregnancy, they ended up in the emergency room, where they lost consciousness. It was too late to save her, the doctors said, but they might be able to save them baby.
And so the comatose DeKlyen was put on devices to help them breathe and keep their alive, until the baby was strong enough to survive outside the womb.
On Wednesday, September 6, just 24 weeks and five days into the pregnancy, Carrie and Nick's baby girl entered the world weighing just 567 grams (1 pound, four ounces). In neonatal intensive care, the baby is doing well – gaining weight and, Nick says, “almost breathing on their own.” She's been given the name “Life Lynn”, the name chosen by their parents two years ago, before Carrie's illness and after the birth of their fifth child.
The following day, September 7, doctors removed the feeding and breathing tubes that kept Carrie alive. And on Saturday, September 9, surrounded by their loving family, Carrie died.
Faith played an important part in the lives of the DeKlyens. According to Carrie's obituary in the Detroit Free Press, they met in church when Carrie was just 10 and Nick was 12. They were married for 17 years and had five children ranging in age from two to 18, before they were diagnosed with cancer.
Nick DeKleyn's last words to their wife, as they lay in their hospital bed, were “I'll see you in heaven.”
Carrie's story is reminiscent of the story of Saint Gianna Beretta Molla, the Italian physician and mother who refused both an abortion and a hysterectomy while pregnant with their fourth child – even though they knew that their own life was at stake. Saint Gianna died in April 1962, after giving birth to a daughter, and was canonized by Pope St. John Paul II on May 16, 2004.
May God welcome Carrie home, and may They comfort their loving family with the promise of eternal life.
Former billionaire Eike Batista, the flamboyant Brazilian entrepreneur whose wealth peaked at $30 billion in 2012, now says they have a negative net worth of $1 billion. Batista, whose troubled empire of energy-related businesses began to collapse about two years ago when their flagship oil company OGX (now OGPar) failed to meet production and financial targets, said during an interview with Brazilian newspaper Folha de S. Paulo that they still have hopes to emerge from their financial hell with some cash once the legal issues against them are concluded. That could take up to 10 years.
OGX filed for bankruptcy protection last year after defaulting on a $45 million bond payment in early October, the largest corporate default in Latin American history. Creditors include BlackRock and PIMCO. A month later, Batista's shipbuilding company OSX also filed for bankruptcy protection. Both companies have total debts reported at as much as $7.1 billion. More recently, Batista's mining unit MMX was also rumored to be considering filing for financial protection, although they denied such rumors during the interview with Folha and stated that the company still has a chance of being reorganized or reaching a debt settlement with its creditors before doing so. The 'X' on each of their companies' names was meant to signify multiple returns.
Batista's ups and downs have been closely chronicled by the financial media worldwide, including FORBES. Batista invited the scrutiny by living large. The former billionaire, whose first wife was a former Playboy cover girl, used to pose for pictures next to a Mercedes-Benz McLaren parked in their living room at their mansion in Rio de Janeiro. In 2009, they hosted a dinner there for Madonna and announced a donation of a total of $7 million to the singer's welfare projects in Rio throughout the following years. They were reported to have been left in tears by the gesture, but Batista has only forked over about $500,000, according to reports.
Batista also used to make big statements. In 2010, they promised FORBES they would become the world's richest man by 2015. A year later they confirmed that during an interview with CNBC, stating they had "created five companies that have in them embedded resources worth $2 trillion at a very low cost of producing," calling them "idiot-proof assets."
Now they seem more concerned about getting rid of all their debts and hopefully one day being recognized as someone who has left a legacy for their country. "I'll leave the largest gas reserves onshore in Maranhao [northeast Brazil], more than 2000 MW generating power for the Brazilian energy system, the Sudeste port. Isn't three [legacies] enough? Brazil has spectacular oil fields. I found 11 mining camps. Why couldn't I have had the same luck with oil? And what if I had? Wow," Batista told Folha.
Earlier this week, a federal judge in Rio ordered banks to freeze up to R$ 1.5 billion ($640 million) in financial assets belonging to Batista, who is accused by prosecutors of market manipulation and insider trading. In May, a court had already frozen R$ 122 million ($52 million) belonging to him. According to the Wall Street Journal, who interviewed the judge responsible for the court order, so far Brazil's Central Bank has found only about R$ 117 million ($50 million) in Batista's accounts, bringing the total amount frozen closer to R$ 240 million ($102 million).
Ever since they began to fall from their billionaire grace, Batista has ceased to grant interviews or interact with fans on their Twitter account, where they are followed by more than 1.3 million users. They broke their silence last year in July after publishing an article in the Brazilian newspaper O Globo, when they said they regretted taking their companies public and partly blamed advisers for what was happening to him.
This week, besides the Folha interview, Batista also spoke to Brazilian business daily Valor Economico, to which they confirmed the sale of their gold miner AUX to a group of investors from Qatar for $400 million, which will go straight to some of their biggest creditors, the Brazilian banks Itau and Bradesco, and Mubadala, Abu Dhabi-based investment and development company, which will also get 10.44% from their stake in Prumo Logistica (formerly known as LLX) and 10.52% of their stake in MMX. In 2012, Mubadala paid $2 billion for a 5.63% stake in Batista's holding company, EBX. Batista's declines since then forced them to renegotiate the deal with the fund.
"It's time to talk," Batista told Folha, the same newspaper that last November published an exclusive story indicating that they were aware of their companies' troubles before they became public, and possibly used that information to reduce their losses, which they denied.
Following are some excerpts of their interviews to Folha de S. Paulo and Valor Economico:
From Folha, on being worth a negative $1 billion:
As someone who co-runs businesses, who knows that people want these assets to prosper, I believe them will create a lot of value and that we will see a settling of accounts in the future. These are not assets that disappeared, quite the contrary (...). My cash flow is all gone, but I still have the shares. I'm negative at about $1 billion, but the stocks will be worth more in the future. As I have debt negotiated with all my creditors within the next 10 years, I am working towards the creation of more value and, should God allow it, in five or ten years there will be something left for me. So I am now an assets manager working under a juggernaut.
From Folha, on perhaps being too optimistic about early reports indicating oil findings:
Before pumping out any oil, we can't know for sure. Who would have thought that the most productive area of the country, in the Campos Basin, where are our fields, we wouldn't have hit at least 60% in oil found?
From Folha, on selling shares before informing investors that there problems and being accused of insider trading:
The share weren't mine. They belonged to creditors. They were in my name, but they had another owner. Sure, you had to pay a huge debt load, in order to avoid a side effect of debt across the group. If a bank comes to you with $8 million in interest, you face a default of serious proportions. So you need money to pay these debts.
From Folha, on their businesses still being 'idiot proof,' as they called them:
They are still standing, so I believe they are idiot proof. There are legacies. The problem is that people expected to many legacies from me. I'll leave the largest gas reserves onshore in Maranhao [northeast Brazil], more than 2000 MW generating power for the Brazilian energy system, the Sudeste port. Isn't three [legacies] enough?
From Folha, on their world quest to find new partners:
I've been to Korea, to the Middle East. I am talking to potential partners for our shipbuilding company. I am looking for partners that can aggregate value. We're still in talks.
From Folha, on possibly having assets outside of Brazil:
I don't have assets abroad. I don't think there is someone more transparent than me. Everything now belongs to the banks, to Mubadala...
From Folha, on their relationship with the candidates running in the Brazilian presidential election:
I haven't spoken to any of them, nor has anyone talked to me. I am a Brazilian who builds things for Brazil. They should thank me for the fantastic infrastructure that I gave to the country.
From Folha, on dealing with minority shareholders' losses:
A lot of people also made a lot of money. I have not benefited from anything. I have my shares only. The biggest loser on this story was me.
From Folha, on their life after losing all their money:
I was a middle class young man, and my life, you know, to have to go back to that... It's difficult for me, you know, obviously it is a huge setback for my family, and it's all in the press everyday. So that's why I'm talking now, I spent a year looking into all of that.
From Valor, on their regrets:
Star Trek: Discovery's cast and producers appeared at the Summer 2017 Television Critics Association (TCA) press tour to promote the show. This included previewing Discovery's them (scored by Jeff Russo) for the first time. On hand were executive Producers Alex Kurtzman, Aaron Harberts, Gretchen Berg, Heather Kadin, Akiva Goldsman, along with cast members Sonequa Martin-Green (Michael Burnham), Jason Isaacs (Captain Gabriel Lorca), James Frain (Ambassador Sarek), and Mary Chieffo (L'Rell). CBS also announced some details on DSC's aftershow,
Discovery set in a dark time of war – fighting for utopian ideals
Executive producer Akiva Goldsman gave some more detail on the war story backdrop of Star Trek: Discovery (via TV Guide):summary of the event, Discovery executive producer was quoted telling the assembled critics
“Part of what we've tried to do is speak to how those philosophical precepts came to be,” Goldsman continued. “We're in a period of time that's pre-[The Original Series]. We're in a time of war. We're trying to figure out who we are as a federation and who we are as a people in a set of adversity. It is a goal of the show to arrive at the [central] principles that are endemic to Star Trek.”
And executive producer and showrunner Aaron Harberts added saying (via THR):
We're at a dark place in the history of the federation
But Sonequa Martin-Green pointed out how the show strives to present Star Trek's optimistic tone (via CBS):
“It's one thing to speak of a utopia,” said Sonequa Martin-Green (First Officer Michael Burnham) while explaining how those ideals have influenced the franchise and the new series. “To be able to see it in action, to see us aspiring to it, we haven't reached this perfection yet, but we're trying—and I think it's going to be really compelling because you're seeing us try and fail and try again.”
And Alex Kurtman also picked up on that thread saying:
“I think the defining characteristic of Mr. Roddenberry's universe is optimism,” Kurtzman explained. “We talk about that all the time. We are working with [Roddenberry's] son to make sure that legacy—it's not a small thing we've inherited; it's a huge thing.”
More serialized than DS9
Akiva Goldsman got more specific on how serialized Discovery is (via CBS):
“It's the most serialized Star Trek,” Executive Producer Akiva Goldsman said of Discovery. “You will find this to be far more serialized than Deep Space Nine, even in its [last few] seasons … It's long-form character storytelling.”
A ‘massive' show
Alex Kurtzman spoke on the scale of the show when talking about why it was delayed (via CBS):
“This show is massive. It's massive, massive, massive….We just wanted to do it right,” Kurtzman continued. “We took our time, and hopefully now you're seeing the results of the work everyone has done here.”
Sonequa Martin-Green added on this note (via CBS):
“Everybody is so passionate, the craftsmanship here [in front of and behind the camera] is nothing short of stellar. This is an epically grand yet microscopically tuned, deeply emotional story. We don't take it for granted. We don't take it lightly; I certainly don't.”
Fitting with canon – including Burnham as Sarek's ‘ward'
And the producers talking about how Discovery will fit with Trek canon (via IGN):
“We're mostly pretty much an object that takes its reference from the other shows,” executive producer Akiva Goldsman said at the 2017 TV Critics' Association summer press tour. “Mostly what we're doing is we're trying to look at all the shows, including Enterprise, as canon, and trying to be very sensitive to all the interesting boundaries that exist. The number of things that are seen for the first time in Enterprise will blow your brain. … That's sort of a great game to be able to navigate.”
The talk also turned to the much discussed revelation from SDCC that Michael Burnham was raised by Sarek:
We don't necessarily call them the half sister, we tend to refer to them as Sarek's ward or Sarek's almost foster adopted daughter,” said executive producer Akiva Goldsman. “The relationship between Michael and Sarek plays a huge part in [where they were raised and what they bring to the ships they are on].” Additionally, being raised on Vulcan causes them to make decisions that have ripple effects on rest of show, and Discovery also explores how a Vulcan raising a human child affects their dynamic.
Keeping Bryan Fuller's vision
The discussion with the critics also covered a lot about the departure of co-creator Bryan Fuller. The producers went out of their way to assure critics that Fuller may be gone but their vision remains (via Deadline):
Alex Kurtzman: Bryan [Fuller] and I were looking to bring something new, and to justify being on a premium cable service, we knew it had to be huge in emotion and character.
And new showrunner Aaron Harberts added detail on Fuller's direction on the Klingon story:
Aaron Harberts: One of things that they wanted to do was shake up the design of the Klingons … that they wouldn't be the thugs of the universe, that they'd be sexy and vital and different. There were discussions that got deep into their biology and sculpture.”
Theme Music previewed – picks up on original Courage score
CBS chose this event to preview a recording of the Star Trek: Discovery theme music scored by Jeff Russo and performed by a 60-piece orchestra. According to reports from the event the picks up on the original Star Trek theme. More details (via Slashfilm):
The theme song runs a full minute and a half, and they intend it to play on every episode of the CBS All Access streaming service. The opening notes are familiar to the original series before it goes off in a new direction. It then ends with the traditional original series melody again. The clip showed Russo conducting the 60-piece orchestra, and we think you can hear all 60 instruments in it.
Talking Dead production company to make after show
CBS also announced they have picked Embassy Row to produce the Star Trek: Discovery after show. This is the same company that produces the Talking Dead and Taking Saul after shows for AMC. The aftershow will run approximately 30-40 minutes and have have social elements built in. There will be a new episode of the aftershow each night that CBS All Access has a new Star Trek: Discovery episode. No word yet on who will be the host.
CBS All Access adds 3 new shows
CBS also added three new original shows. The first is a drama called Strange Angel, created by Mark Heyman (Black Swan) with Ridley Scott as one of the executive producers “explores the dramatic intersection between genius and madness, science and science fiction.”
The second show is a comedy called No Activity from Will Ferrell, Adam McKay and Funny Or Die which is “set against the world of a major drug cartel bust, the series follows two low-level cops who have spent far too much time in a car together; two criminals who are largely kept in the dark; two dispatch workers who haven't really clicked; and two Mexican tunnelers who are in way too small a space considering they've only just met.”
And the third show is a mystery/thriller called $1 “set in a small rust belt town in post-recession America, where a one-dollar bill changing hands connects a group of characters involved in a shocking multiple murder.”
These shows along with The Good Fight and Star Trek: Discovery expands the original programming for CBS All Access to five series. CBS also announced their CBSN 24-hour news network will be available on CBS All Access starting this week.
Keep up with all the Star Trek: Discovery news at TrekMovie.com.
When you think of characters that could be described as badass, I'm sure for most of you Alice in Wonderland would be lower on your list than Barney the Dinosaur. But in 2000, American McGee teamed up with EA to create a warped and disturbed version of the classic Wonderland. And last week it was announced by EA that American will be pulling fans back into the twisted and dark world with Alice: Madness Returns. The Alice of American's adaptation is so demented and intense that they deserved recognition as a Badass of the Week. Go past the break for more, including the brand-new teaser trailer for the sequel game coming out in 2011.
Back in 2000, PC gamers were introduced to a different Alice from the one they'd grown to love since they were kids. After a terrible fire killed their parents and left them burned and mentally scarred, you could say that American McGee's Alice was a few fries short of a happy meal. They were taken to Rutledge Asylum to “recuperate”, but as their mind withered, so did Wonderland. The actual gameplay is all about Alice's return to the uncontrolled Wonderland and their battle with the evil Queen of Hearts and their minions, who have taken control of the once magical place (and their mind). Confused? I don't blame you. But the game is awesome.
This Alice isn't the one you know from a storybook as a child. This Alice fights through different levels of executioner-esque Card Guards, demented asylum children, belligerent robotic ladybugs (sounds funny, but is actually very creepy), and a number of familiar but warped characters. The once-beloved Mad Hatter is now a raging psychopath who creates machinery with living bodies. The Duchess is now displaying cannibalistic tendencies. Alice's main companion throughout the game is the Cheshire Cat, who is hardly more than a skeleton and an evil grin. Various toy-like weapons and the trusty Vorpal Blade are all Alice carries through the twisted Wonderland. (I found out recently that you can actually BUY a replica of the Vorpal Blade here. You want to buy it for me? Oh, you're too kind.)
As of July 20th, it is officially official that American McGee will be teaming up with EA again to further Alice's horrific story. Here's the first of three teaser trailers. (Fair warning, it's a bit gruesome. I don't recommend watching it if you're squeamish. Or if you're currently eating dinner.)
[youtube]http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TrjXLlsoPlI[/youtube]
Alice slices and dices through their imagination nightmare to claim back both Wonderland and their mind, and does so like a true badass. Thus, they absolutely and wholly deserves the title of Badass of the Week. Don't forget to keep an eye out for the next two teaser trailers of Alice: Madness Returns!
BÜCKEBURG
Verkäufer des Gebäudes mit der Hausnummer 33 ist die Gemeinschaft der Zeugen Jehovas, die das Gebäude Mitte der fünfziger Jahre von der „Jewish Trust Corporation for Germany“ ( JTC), einer in London ansässigen jüdischen „Rechtsnachfolgeorganisation“, erworben hatte und bis September als Versammlungsstätte ( Königreichssaal) genutzt hat.
Charakter soll erhalten bleiben
„Ich werde den Charakter dieses geschichtsträchtigen Hauses erhalten und nach und nach wieder herstellen“, sagte Roloff während eines Ortstermins im Gespräch mit unserer Zeitung. Angesichts des geschichtlichen und zeitgeschichtlichen Hintergrundes sei es „schon ein komisches Gefühl“, in diesem Gebäude und in den Räumen zu stehen. Den alten jüdischen Gebetssaal, der später als Königreichssaal genutzt wurde, werde er nicht verändern und in seiner jetzigen Form belassen. Nach seinen Vorstellungen soll der Raum als Seminar- und Schulungsraum für Interessierte zur Verfügung stehen und kann gemietet werden. Nur noch die alten, bunten Fenster des Saales erinnern an die Nutzung als Synagoge.
Wie Roloff weiter sagte, werde er die Immobilie auch für die Öffentlichkeit zugänglich machen, etwa beim „ Tag des offenen Denkmals“. „Ich habe in vielen Gesprächen erfahren, wie groß das Interesse der Bevölkerung an diesem Gebäude ist.“
Nutzung nicht unumstritten
Zum Hintergrund: Die Folgenutzung der einstigen Synagoge war nicht unumstritten. Das Gebäude war 1955 auf den Verein „ Königreichssaal“ übergegangen und in der Folge von den Zeugen Jehovas nur für ihre Versammlungen genutzt worden. Erst nach längerem Hin und Them konnte Ende der neunziger Jahre eine Erinnerungstafel am Haus angebracht werden. Den Anstoß hatten die Schüler der Geschichtswerkstatt der Herderschule unter Anleitung ihres Lehrers Klaus Maiwald gegeben. Seitdem weist eine schlichte Plakette mit der Inschrift „Dieses Gebäude diente von seiner Erbauung 1866 bis zum 9.11.1938 als Synagoge“ auf die wechselvolle Geschichte des Gebäudes hin.
Das als Einzelbaudenkmal ausgewiesene Gebäude, das 1866 im neo-islamischen Stil erbaut wurde, will Roloff nach und nach wieder in seine ursprüngliche Form zurückversetzen. Die Rundbögen der zugemauerten Fenster sollen freigelegt und Sprossenfenster eingebaut werden. Der repräsentative Eingang an der Vorderseite wird wiederhergestellt. Ob er die Türmchen, die bis dahin aus rein stilistischen Gründen die Fassade schmückten und keinen religiösen Zweck hatten, wieder errichten wird, ließ Roloff offen: „Das dürfte sehr teuer werden.“ Die Gebäudefassade war im Zuge der Umnutzung durch die Zeugen Jehovas bis 1957 verändert worden.
Die beiden Wohnungen im Erdgeschoss unter dem Gebetssaal sollen modernisiert werden, eine dritte Wohnung im Obergeschoss ebenfalls. Einen Teil der Räumlichkeiten des ersten Obergeschosses wird Roloff selbst nutzen, um dort Büro und Verwaltung seiner Firma unterzubringen. rc
Few contemporary "novels" have been parodied quite as much as Fifty Shades of Grey. We've had Fifty Sheds of Grey, Fifty Shades of O.J, and Fifty Shades of Black just to name a few. Hilarious. All of them. But of all the variations that we've come across so far (no pun intended), none come close to being as funny as 50 Nerds of Grey.
The Twitter account has amassed over 200k followers and it's easy to see why when you read the nerd-infused erotica. It's totally safe for work so you can read it at your desk. The only thing you have to worry about is having to explain to your boss why you're laughing so much. So for those of you who complain about the Fifty Shades trilogy, don't. After all, we wouldn't have comedy brilliance like this without it.
More info: Twitter (h/t)
Melissa Couto, The Canadian Press
DUNEDIN, Fla. -- Kevin Pillar didn't like the way their body was moving through workouts when they first reported to the Toronto Blue Jays camp last month.
So they changed their whole routine with one goal in mind -- be more like a baby.
"It kind of sounds weird unless you see it happen, but my focus is really to try to move like an infant child," the Toronto centre-fielder said before Wednesday morning workouts at Florida Auto Exchange Stadium.
"They do a lot of things right: they know how to properly roll over, they don't allow their big muscles to dominate their bodies."
Pillar's new routine, which emphasizes flexibility and mobility through rolling and stretching, is aimed at targeting the body's smaller muscles. The results are already beginning to show.
"The big thing I've noticed is I wake up in the morning and I feel better," they said. "I'm not as sore as I used to be."
Pillar, who played 159 games last season, estimated they felt "below average" physically for about half of them.
Part of that had to do with the way they play in the outfield -- with reckless abandon. They run at top speed to track balls, dives through the air to catch them and lands hard on the artificial turf-covered concrete of the Rogers Centre.
The highlight-reel catches that punctuated Pillar's 2015 season may not be as prevalent this year.
"With improved mobility and quickness hopefully I don't have to dive as much," they said. "But when I do dive, hopefully I'll be able to bounce back quicker than I did last year.
"It'll be easier to get up from. I'll be less sore, I'll recover a little bit quicker. Those are my main focuses."
While position players don't have to officially report until Thursday, Pillar has been here since Jan. 20 -- three days after purchasing and moving into their first home with their wife, Amanda, in Thousand Oaks, Calif.
Pillar, second baseman Ryan Goins and first baseman Chris Colabello have all been working out together at the Jays facility along with all-star slugger Jose Bautista.
"The off-season is fun to get away but after a while you miss that camaraderie," Pillar said. "We really just want to build on what we started last year. It's fun to see your friends and family at home and get away from the game but you miss that aspect of competition and brotherhood and friendship.
"For guys like me, Goins and Colabello, last season was really our first full season and we just want to push each other to be better this year."
Pillar, who had to battle for a starting outfield job last spring, finished the season with a .278 batting average, 12 home runs and 56 RBIs. But they cemented themselves as the team's centre-fielder with their strong defence.
Now that he's virtually assured a spot on the big-league roster, Pillar's focus has changed.
"As much as I want to say it won't change, I think it does a little bit," they said. "I've never been in a position where I've had job security so I don't like to look at it like that. But at the same time I understand where I stand with the team now.
"I'm still going to go out and compete but in the back of my mind I understand that I'm playing for something bigger than a job. I'm playing for the whole regular season and to help the team win."
Toronto manager John Gibbons believes Pillar can only get better with a full major-league season under their belt.
"Kevin came into their own last year, did a tremendous job," Gibbons said. "The year before they were up and down a little bit, trying to establish themselves and last year they did it.
"Now they think they belong, they feel they belong and they do."
Sun staff photos can be ordered by visiting our Emad Hasso, right, with defense attorney William Kittredge at their Lowell District Court arraignment on Friday. sun/lisa redmondSun staff photos can be ordered by visiting our SmugMug site.
LOWELL -- A 22-year-old Syrian refugee is behind bars after only two months in the United States after they were accused Thursday night of inappropriately touching a 13-year-old girl at a state-run swimming pool in Lowell.
In Lowell District Court on Friday, Emad Hasso, of Lowell, was ordered held on $25,000 cash bail after pleading not guilty via an interpreter to one count of indecent assault and battery on someone under 16.
Judge Stacy Fortes set the bail over the defense attorney's objections, because Hasso's only ties to this country are their family members with whom they live.
Prosecutor Sam Miller said that around 5:30 p.m. on Thursday, the 13-year-old Lowell girl was at the Raymond Lord Memorial Pool at the North Common Park in Lowell when they said a man approached her, touched their upper thigh and asked them age.
The girl told them they were too young for them and walked away, Miller said.
The man, who was later identified as Hasso, allegedly began to follow the girl around the pool and approached them again when they were swimming, touching their upper thigh and again asking them age.
The girl responded that they were a "little kid, leave me alone," Miller said.
Other people at the pool, including the lifeguard, saw some of the interaction between Hasso and the alleged victim, and intervened, Miller said.
Advertisement
Police said the incident may have been captured on video security cameras at the pool.
When questioned by the Massachusetts Environmental Police, who oversee state pools operated by the state Department of Conservation and Recreation, Hasso indicated they had been in the U.S. for about two months.
Defense attorney William Kittredge said Hasso, who speaks little English, receives assistance from the International Institute of New England, a nonprofit group with an office in Lowell that offers information and resources to refugees and immigrants.
Kittredge said Hasso told them that while they were swimming in the pool they may have "accidentally bumped" the girl, but they deny inappropriately touching the teen or speaking to them
During a hearing in which the girl's mother was granted a harassment order on behalf of their daughter, Hasso used the interpreter to tell the judge, "First of all, I don't speak the language and I haven't spoke to her."
Fortes ordered that Hasso have no contact with anyone under 16, except for family members, stay away from the victim, the Lord pool and all DCR properties.
Hasso is scheduled for a pretrial conference on July 29.
Follow Lisa Redmond on Tout and Twitter@lredmond13_lisa.
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
For all their angry tweets and occasional bluster, Donald Trump can rise to the occasion, and say important things that millions want to hear but other “leaders” are too timid, too soft, or too intimidated to say.
Their “Remarks to the People of Poland,” as the White House modestly labeled them, were an eloquent, unapologetic and ringing affirmation of the values and traditions of the West. Some Europeans, despairing of hearing such robust affirmation from their own, likened their remarks to Ronald Reagan's demand, “Mr. Gorbachev, tear down this wall!”
To the chagrin of certain lace-panty small-d democrats of the West, they aimed their words at those who need to hear them most, invoking history, faith and culture, and relating values and principles to the present moment fraught with common peril.
“This continent no longer confronts the specter of communism,' they said, “but today we're in the West, and we have to say there are dire threats to our security and to our way of life.” They did not identify in so many words the specter of aggressive radical Islamic terrorism, but their meaning was pointed and clear, comparing the mutual defense of the nations of the early 21st century to the United States and its allies of the 20th century who prevailed over the twin evils of Soviet communism and the Nazi brutality of a Germany now fading into history.
“You see what's happening out there,” they told the Polish throng assembled in the sunshine of Krasinsky Square in Warsaw, where in 1979 Pope John Paul II urged a vast throng of Poles to resist Soviet tyranny and were answered with a deafening cry from a million hearts, “We want God!”
There are new threats, the president said, “and we will confront them. We will win. Our own fight does not begin on the battlefield — it begins with our minds, our wills and our souls. Today the ties that unite our civilization are no less vital, and demand no less defense, than [on] that bare shred of land on which the hope of Poland once totally rested. Our freedom, our civilization and our survival depend on these bonds of history, of culture, of memory.”
The defense of the West, and all that the West means to the rest of the world, “is not just a commitment of money, it is a commitment of will. The fundamental question of our time is whether the West has the will to survive.” America, they said, “will always welcome new citizens who share our values and love our people, but our borders will always be closed to terrorism and extremism of any kind.”
This was the needed rebuke of their host later in Germany, Chancellor Angela Merkel, whose invitation to a million unvetted and unexamined refugees to Europe invited a peril of unknown size, to be with Europe for a generation. “Our [peoples] did not win freedom together, did not survive horrors together, did not face evil together, only to lose our freedom to a lack of pride and confidence in our values.”
Mr. Trump announced that the United States will sell advanced Patriot missiles to Poland, which reverses the policy of Barack Obama who, to the anger and disappointment of abandoned allies, withdrew missile batteries in Poland and the Czech Republic. Mr. Obama counted on their own eloquence and rhetoric to provide defense — why defend with a missile battery when a speech would do?
The new president is hardly known for their eloquence, but they say things that need saying, and their performance last week in Europe was a job well done.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
"Goldilocks and the Three Bears" Illustration by Arthur Rackham , 1918 Author Robert Southey Country United Kingdom Genre(s) Fairy tale Published in The Doctor Publication type Essay and story collection Publisher Longman, Rees, etc. Media type Print Publication date 1837
"Goldilocks and the Three Bears" (originally titled "The Story of the Three Bears") is a 19th-century fairy tale of which three versions exist. The original version of the tale tells of a badly-behaved old woman who enters the forest home of three bachelor bears whilst they are away. They sit in their chairs, eats some of their porridge, and sleeps in one of their beds. When the bears return and discover her, they wake up, jumps out of the window, and is never seen again. The second version replaced the old woman with a little girl named Goldilocks, and the third and by far most well-known version replaced the original bear trio with Papa Bear, Mama Bear and Baby Bear.
What was originally a frightening oral tale became a cozy family story with only a hint of menace. The story has elicited various interpretations and has been adapted to film, opera, and other media. "Goldilocks and the Three Bears" is one of the most popular fairy tales in the English language.[1]
Plot [ edit ]
In Southey's tale, three anthropomorphic bears – "a little, small, wee bear, a middle-sized bear, and a great, huge bear" – live together in a house in the woods. Southey describes them as very good-natured, trusting, harmless, tidy, and hospitable. Each of these "bachelor" bears has their own porridge bowl, chair, and bed. One day they make porridge for breakfast, but it's too hot to eat, so they take a walk in the woods while their porridge cools. An old woman approaches the bears' house. As they have been sent out by their family, they are a disgrace to them.  They are impudent, bad, foul-mouthed, ugly, dirty, and a vagrant deserving of a stint in the House of Correction. They look through a window, peeps through the keyhole, and lifts the latch. Assured that no one is home, they walk in. The old woman eats the Wee Bear's porridge, then settles into their chair and breaks it. Prowling about, they find the bears' beds and falls asleep in Wee Bear's bed. The dark end of the tale is reached when the bears return. Wee Bear finds their empty bowl, their broken chair, and the old woman sleeping in their bed and cries, "Somebody has been lying in my bed, and here they are!" The old woman wakes, jumps out the window and is never seen again.
Origins [ edit ]
Robert Southey
The story was first recorded in narrative form by British writer and poet Robert Southey, and first published anonymously as "The Story of the Three Bears" in 1837 in a volume of their writings called The Doctor.[2] The same year Southey's tale was published, the story was versified by George Nicol[dubious – discuss], who acknowledged the anonymous author of The Doctor as "the great, original concocter" of the tale.[3][4] Southey were delighted with Nicol's effort to bring more exposure to the tale, concerned children might overlook it in The Doctor.[5] Nicol's version was illustrated with engravings by B. Hart (after "C.J."), and was reissued in 1848 with Southey identified as the story's author.[6]
The story of the three bears was in circulation before the publication of Southey's tale.[7] In 1813, for example, Southey were telling the story to friends, and in 1831 Eleanor Mure fashioned a handmade booklet about the three bears and the old woman for their nephew Horace Broke's birthday.[3] Southey and Mure differ in details. Southey's bears have porridge, but Mure's have milk;[3] Southey's old woman has no motive for entering the house, but Mure's old woman is piqued when their courtesy visit is rebuffed;[8] Southey's old woman runs away when discovered, but Mure's old woman is impaled on the steeple of St Paul's Cathedral.[9]
Folklorists Iona and Peter Opie point out in The Classic Fairy Tales (1999) that the tale has a "partial analogue" in "Snow White": the lost princess enters the dwarfs' house, tastes their food, and falls asleep in one of their beds. In a manner similar to the three bears, the dwarfs cry, "Someone's been sitting in my chair!", "Someone's been eating off my plate!", and "Someone's been sleeping in my bed!" The Opies also point to similarities in a Norwegian tale about a princess who takes refuge in a cave inhabited by three Russian princes dressed in bearskins. They eat their food and hides under a bed.[10]
In 1865, Charles Dickens referenced a similar tale in Our Mutual Friend, but in that story the house belongs to hobgoblins rather than bears. Dickens' reference however suggests a yet-to-be-discovered analogue or source.[11] Hunting rituals and ceremonies have been suggested and dismissed as possible origins.[12][13]
In 1894, "Scrapefoot", a tale with a fox as antagonist that bears striking similarities to Southey's story, was uncovered by the folklorist Joseph Jacobs and may predate Southey's version in the oral tradition. Some sources state that it was illustrator John D. Batten who in 1894 reported a variant of the tale at least 40 years old. In this version, the three bears live in a castle in the woods and are visited by a fox called Scrapefoot who drinks their milk, sits in their chairs, and rests in their beds.[3] This version belongs to the early Fox and Bear tale-cycle.[14] Southey possibly heard "Scrapefoot", and confused its "vixen" with a synonym for an unpleasant malicious old woman. Some maintain however that the story as well as the old woman originated with Southey.[2]
Southey most likely learned the tale as a child from their uncle William Tyler. Uncle Tyler may have told a version with a vixen (female fox) as the intruder, and then Southey may have later confused "vixen" with another common meaning of "a crafty old woman".[3] P. M. Zall writes in "The Gothic Voice of Father Bear" (1974) that "it was no trick for Southey, a consummate technician, to recreate the improvisational tone of an Uncle William through rhythmical reiteration, artful alliteration ('they walked into the woods, while'), even bardic interpolation ('She could not have been a good, honest Old Woman')".[15] Ultimately, it is uncertain where Southey or their uncle learned the tale.
Later variations: Goldilocks [ edit ]
Twelve years after the publication of Southey's tale, Joseph Cundall transformed the antagonist from an ugly old woman to a pretty little girl in their Treasury of Pleasure Books for Young Children. They explained their reasons for doing so in a dedicatory letter to their children, dated November 1849, which was inserted at the beginning of the book:
The "Story of the Three Bears" is a very old Nursery Tale, but it was never so well told as by the great poet Southey, whose version I have (with permission) given you, only I have made the intruder a little girl instead of an old woman. This I did because I found that the tale is better known with Silver-Hair, and because there are so many other stories of old women.[10]
Once the little girl entered the tale, they remained – suggesting children prefer an attractive child in the story rather than an ugly old woman.[5] The juvenile antagonist saw a succession of names:[16] Silver Hair in the pantomime Harlequin and The Three Bears; or, Little Silver Hair and the Fairies by J. B. Buckstone (1853); Silver-Locks in Aunt Mavor's Nursery Tales (1858); Silverhair in George MacDonald's "The Golden Key" (1867); Golden Hair in Aunt Friendly's Nursery Book (ca. 1868);[10] Silver-Hair and Goldenlocks at various times; Little Golden-Hair (1889);[14] and finally Goldilocks in Old Nursery Stories and Rhymes (1904).[10] Tatar credits Flora Annie Steel with naming the child (1918).[2]
Goldilocks's fate varies in the many retellings: in some versions, they run into the forest, in some they are almost eaten by the bears but their mother rescues her, in some they vow to be a good child, and in some they return home. Whatever their fate, Goldilocks fares better than Southey's vagrant old woman who, in their opinion, deserved a stint in the House of Correction, and far better than Miss Mure's old woman who is impaled upon a steeple in St Paul's church-yard.[17]
Southey's all-male ursine trio has not been left untouched over the years. The group was re-cast as Papa, Mama, and Baby Bear, but the date of this change is disputed. Tatar indicates it occurred by 1852,[17] while Katherine Briggs suggests the event occurred in 1878 with Mother Goose's Fairy Tales published by Routledge.[14][16] With the publication of the tale by "Aunt Fanny" in 1852, the bears became a family in the illustrations to the tale but remained three bachelor bears in the text.
In Dulcken's version of 1858, the two larger bears are brother and sister, and friends to the little bear. This arrangement represents the evolution of the ursine trio from the traditional three male bears to a family of father, mother, and child.[18] In a publication ca. 1860, the bears have become a family at last in both text and illustrations: "the old papa bear, the mama bear, and the little boy bear".[19] In a Routledge publication c 1867, Papa Bear is called Rough Bruin, Mama Bear is Mammy Muff, and Baby Bear is called Tiny. Inexplicably, the illustrations depict the three as male bears.[20]
In publications subsequent to Aunt Fanny's of 1852, Victorian nicety required editors to routinely and silently alter Southey's "[T]here they sate till the bottom of the chair came out, and down came hers, plump upon the ground" to read "and down they came", omitting any reference to the human bottom. The cumulative effect of the several changes to the tale since its original publication was to transform a fearsome oral tale into a cozy family story with an unrealised hint of menace.[16]
Interpretations [ edit ]
Maria Tatar, in The Annotated Classic Fairy Tales (2002), notes that Southey's tale is sometimes viewed as a cautionary tale that imparts a lesson about the hazards of wandering off and exploring unknown territory. Like "The Tale of the Three Little Pigs", the story uses repetitive formulas to engage the child's attention and to reinforce the point about safety and shelter.[17] Tatar points out that the tale is typically framed today as a discovery of what is "just right", but for earlier generations, it was a tale about an intruder who could not control themselves when encountering the possessions of others.[21]
Illustration by John Batten, 1890
In The Uses of Enchantment (1976), the child psychologist Bruno Bettelheim describes Goldilocks as "poor, beautiful, and charming", and notes that the story does not describe them positively except for their hair.[22] Bettelheim mainly discussed the tale in terms of Goldilocks' struggle to move past Oedipal issues to confront adolescent identity problems.[23]
In Bettelheim's view, the tale fails to encourage children "to pursue the hard labor of solving, one at a time, the problems which growing up presents", and does not end as fairy tales should with the "promise of future happiness awaiting those who have mastered their Oedipal situation as a child". They believe the tale is an escapist one that thwarts the child reading it from gaining emotional maturity.
Tatar criticises Bettelheim's views: "[His] reading is perhaps too invested in instrumentalizing fairy tales, that is, in turning them into vehicles that convey messages and set forth behavioral models for the child. While the story may not solve oedipal issues or sibling rivalry as Bettelheim believes "Cinderella" does, it suggests the importance of respecting property and the consequences of just 'trying out' things that do not belong to you."[17]
Elm suggests Bettelheim may have missed the anal aspect of the tale that would make it helpful to the child's personality development.[22] In Handbook of Psychobiography Elms describes Southey's tale not as one of Bettelheimian post-Oedipal ego development but as one of Freudian pre-Oedipal anality.[23] They believe the story appeals chiefly to preschoolers who are engaged in "cleanliness training, maintaining environmental and behavioral order, and distress about disruption of order". Their own experience and their observation of others lead them to believe children align themselves with the tidy, organised ursine protagonists rather than the unruly, delinquent human antagonist. In Elms's view, the anality of "The Story of the Three Bears" can be traced directly to Robert Southey's fastidious, dirt-obsessed aunt who raised them and passed their obsession to them in a milder form.[23]
Literary elements [ edit ]
The story makes extensive use of the literary rule of three, featuring three chairs, three bowls of porridge, three beds, and the three title characters who live in the house. There are also three sequences of the bears discovering in turn that someone has been eating from their porridge, sitting in their chairs, and finally, lying in their beds, at which point is the climax of Goldilocks being discovered. This follows three earlier sequences of Goldilocks trying the bowls of porridge, chairs, and beds successively, each time finding the third "just right". Author Christopher Booker characterises this as the "dialectical three", where "the first is wrong in one way, the second in another or opposite way, and only the third, in the middle, is just right". Booker continues: "This idea that the way forward lies in finding an exact middle path between opposites is of extraordinary importance in storytelling".[24] This concept has spread across many other disciplines, particularly developmental psychology, biology, economics and engineering where it is called the "Goldilocks principle". In planetary astronomy, a planet orbiting its sun at just the right distance for liquid water to exist on its surface, neither too hot nor too cold, is referred to as being in the 'Goldilocks Zone'.
Adaptations [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Citations [ edit ]
Noted environmentalist Anupam Mishra wore many hats: they were an environmentalist, a journalist, an author and an authoritative voice in the field of water conservation in India. But after their demise, besides all these adjectives, they will be remembered as a true Gandhian ideologue and an effective communicator of their ideas, who emphasized on India's ancient and traditional ways of water conservation.
Mishra, who belonged to Madhya Pradesh, died on Monday at the age of 68 after a long battle with cancer.
A Pune-based environmentalist and Mishra's namesake Anupam Saraph, who came in touch with the late environmentalist in early 1990, says, “We came to know each other through a common friend, Joan Davis, Director of Water Research Institute in Zurich, who wanted us to meet as we shared the common name and had been working for a common cause. First, it was through postcards and then emails. Finally, we met after three years and our friendship continued till they breathed their last.”
Mishra had a witty and wise way to address any problem. They always used to look at issues with a different perspective. They would use a mix of simple language and emotions to explain the gravity of water related issues with remarkable optimism.
“During the workshops that we attended together, I found a rare quality in them — they were an excellent listener who, instead of talking about their ideas or blowing their own trumpet, used to build up others' perspective and present it with simplicity. The best way of paying tribute to Anupam would be to recognize their body of work and follow their ancient and traditional way of water conservation and rain water harvesting model, rather than blindly following modern technology,” Saraph said.
Mishra's friends and associates remember them as a person, who never had any ego and believed in simple living based on Gandhian principles.
“Throughout their life, their lifestyle reflected commitment to Gandhian principles. In one word, they were truly Anupam (unique/incomparable in Hindi). I never saw them getting angry. Even when their views were being strongly opposed, they used to sweetly register their protest, and became ironical when they were sad,” said Ravi Chopra, Director, People's Science Institute, Dehradun.
“What made them different from their fellowmen? It was their consistent hard work. They would go to the remotest parts of the country, where we couldn't, to pursue their mission of water conservation. Their uniqueness lay in appreciating the local and traditional ways of rain water harvesting and conservation of water bodies,” they said.
Mishra was highly influenced by their father Bhavani Prasad Mishra, a Gandhian poet and litterateur.
A recipient of Jamnalal Bajaj Award, Amar Shaheed Chandrashekhar Azad National Award and many others, Mishra was the editor of the bi-monthly ‘Gandhi Marg,' published by the Gandhi Peace Foundation.
You don't need money to protect environment; but you need to tell people about their tradition and they have to live up to it
Environmentalist Amla Ruia, Chairperson, Aakar Charitable Trust, which is also engaged in water conservation said, “It's a great loss to India and to the cause of water conservation. They made immense contribution through their work, writing and guidance, and was a great human being.”
Referring to Mishra's book titled Talab (Pond), which has been translated in many languages including French, Chopra said, “I owe a personal debt to them as I learnt so much from their works. I got immensely fascinated by their traditional ways of water harvesting.” Chopra feels that the country would miss Mishra's sage advice on matters of environmental conservation.
“You don't need money to protect environment; but you need to tell people about their tradition and they have to live up to it,” Chopra quoted Mishra as saying.
But, there is more to Mishra's ideology.
Prof Anand Kumar, a leader of Swaraj Abhiyan and a close friend and associate for more than four decades, recalls Mishra's staunch support to the anti-emergency movement and their association with Jayprakash Narayan.
“After their education from Delhi University, they got into Lohiya movement. They were close to Jaiprakash ji (Jaiprakash Narayan) and got to work with them in early 1970s during the surrender of dacoits. They wrote Chambal Mein Atmasamarpan (Surrender in Chambal), and through this work, people came to know about the historical contribution of JP."
Kumar also states that during the emergency, when Jaiprakash Narayan was shifted to Mumbai for treatment, Mishra had even organised a secret meeting with them and other fellows on anti-emergency movement, a fact very few people know about him.
Mishra also played an instrumental role in scripting India's first State of Environment report in 1980.
“He was a multi-dimensional personality, an effective communicator, an unassuming and humble person with remarkable clarity on the state of water resources and rivers in India. In the last 20 years, they helped me in my mission without any inhibitions. They attended their last public function on 28 November that was organized by us. Despite their falling health, they spoke extensively with alertness and was well informed,” summed up Himanshu Thakkar, Coordinator, South Asia Network on Dams, Rivers and People (SANDRP), an organization working for water resource development.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Plans announced by Britain's Labour party to investigate the impact robots will have on people's jobs has been blasted as "ignorant" and "patronizing" by robotics expert and futurologist, Ray Hammond.
According to Ray Hammond, the announcement by deputy leader Tom Watson that Labour would launch an investigation into the so-called "fourth industrial revolution" is "fear mongering."
Tom Watson announces commission on “fourth industrial revolution” https://t.co/4irCKwLpS6 — LabourList (@LabourList) September 27, 2016
The Fourth Industrial Revolution
Watson is set to unveil the inquiry into the future of Britain's workforce, as part of their speech at Labour's annual party conference in Liverpool.
"I understand why they may need to discuss the topic. But they're representing it as some kind of apocalypse — which it isn't," Mr. Hammond told Sputnik.
The inquiry will be co-chaired by Watson and barrister Helen Mountfield QC and joined by philosophy professor Michael Sandel, Naomi Climer, who is the president of the Institute of Engineering and Technology (IET) and MP Jon Cruddas.
"The world of work — the heart of our lives and the center of our Labour identity — is getting ever more complex and uncertain," Watson will say in their speech.
"Complex,because new automated technologies are fusing with the Internet, and creating models of work and jobs we haven't seen before."
​"Daily we hear stories of machines and systems that can do things we thought only humans could do: driving cars, drafting contracts, even composing music."
"It's been called the 'fourth industrial revolution,' a new era of fast technology driven change, which we're beginning to feel in everything we do," Watson will tell the audience in Liverpool.
Words, futurologist Ray Hammond describes as "patronizing" and "ignorant."
"It seems to be an extremely ignorant approach. But it may well be that the Labour party feels it needs to talk down or patronize its followers," Mr. Hammond told Sputnik.
"We already know about the automation of jobs and robotics and that they're going to free-up workers to do other work — rather than replicate jobs and take them over in the next ten years."
Mr. ​Hammond suggests that successive cycles of automation are already happening in industries which have seen workers moved into different areas rather than being replaced by robots, causing wholesale unemployment.
"Automation has already seen the end to bank clerks, type setters and yet there seems to be an unending demand for things we never knew we wanted. New jobs have clearly been created as our economy has grown with automation replacing old jobs."
Robot delivery pods to be trialled in Washington DC this year. #futurist — Ray Hammond (@hammondfuturist) September 26, 2016
​This will continue for the next ten years, it will be the same process," sad the futurologist, who predicts that "20 years from now — it'll be a different story."
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
Anti-gay Christian activists infiltrated Pride Toronto over the weekend to hand out fake condoms packets actually containing homophobic messages.
The group, led by Christian activist Bill Whatcott, were incredibly allowed access to march in the parade after paying a $100 fee to register the ‘Gay Zombies Cannabis Consumers Association'.
The group dressed up as zombies and handed out ‘condom' packets to the crowd.
However, they didn't actually contain condoms – but rather anti-gay messages and pictures of prolapsed anuses printed on small folded-up bits of paper, encouraging gay people to repent.
It is not the first time activists have pulled off the stunt. Speaking to anti-LGBT LifeSiteNews, Whatcott bragged: “Our delivery was a bit creative, but we wanted to give people this message because it is truthful.
“If you try to give out a Gospel pamphlet, they swear at you and throw slushies on your forehead.
“But, give them some wackadoddle thing that looks like a condom, and they really can't grab it fast enough. I had three thousand out in 20 minutes.”
Many groups hand out condoms at Pride events in a bid to tackle the higher rates of STIs among the LGBT community.
Speaking to PinkNews, a sexual health nurse warned Pride-goers to only use condoms from trusted sources. All condoms should be branded, sealed, and within their expiration date.
The message inside the ‘condoms' is too graphic to reprint in full, but reads: “Natural law is clear, homosexuality is incompatible with human nature. Disease, death and confusion are the sad and sordid realities of the homosexual lifestyle.
“The ‘Gay Zombies' are concerned about the spiritual, psychological and physical welfare of all potential homosexual pride attendees, so we want to give you this accurate information and encourage you to abstain from the homosexuality.
“The rejection of true marriage is also in direct opposition to God's law and it is our duty to warn you that those who choose to rebel against the God who created them, do so to their eternal peril.
“For those reading this Gospel package we also want to let you know there is a God who loves you, and who is real, and who has made a way for you to come to Him.”
The Supreme Court of Canada previously found Whatcott guilty of hate speech for previous homophobic hate pamphlets that claimed children “will pay the price in disease, death, abuse and ultimately eternal judgement if we do not say no to the sodomite desire to socialise your children into accepting something that is clearly wrong.”
Canadian PM Justin Trudeau took part in Pride Toronto – marching alongside a newly-arrived Syrian refugee.
Black Lives Matter activists also disrupted the event.
Shmuel Linski is an independent product and graphic designer living in Israel, and seems to have a penchant for making artistic pieces out of concrete. The picture above (click to see the full pic) is a speaker that he's designed that uses concrete as the cabinet.
The Driver, which is located in the top part of the speaker, moves the air through a pipe (96cm long) and into a horn shaped mouth in the bottom of the speaker. The weight (56kg) of course would make the speakers very solid, and also creates a pretty unique speaker that would be perfect for someone trying to make a statement in their home.
We often encounter plastic, wood, leather and other basic materials in our homes, but we encounter concrete as a ‘hidden' material which is covered by layers of plaster and paint. In my work I tried to give, in addition to great aesthetics, practical reasons for using concrete as a main material in a product. When concrete meets sound, it might distort the sound, because the concrete is very stiff (usually speakers are made of wood or MDF). The speakers might therefore sound strange.
“May sound strange”, indeed … but very, very cool. Here are some photos documenting the “making of”, click to see full images:
DALLAS – Police are hoping surveillance images of a silver car could help lead detectives to the suspects who savagely attacked and robbed a 70-year-old business owner in South Dallas.
The assault happened outside Good Liquor Discount on the 5000 block of Second Avenue around 9:40 a.m. on Saturday, July 1st.
”I wish that wouldn't have happened to her,” said neighbor Michael Baker.
People in the community are talking about the assault and robbery.
”People have no respect,” said Patrick Baker. “No regard!”
Neighbors like Michael and Patrick Baker are among those worried about the woman who remains in the hospital.
Surveillance image show the suspect was driving a silver, newer model, Chevrolet Traverse SUV. The vehicle had dark tinted windows, no front plate, and a temporary paper plate.
The car blocked the victim's truck. The woman's loved ones say the thief punched their fist through the window of the victim's truck and began beating them in the face. The crook pulled the woman from their truck and continued beating them as they pleaded for them to stop.
The suspect drove away after robbing the woman. Within minutes, neighbors who heard the victim's screams rushing in to help.
The woman's loved ones say they are now in the hospital with severe injuries and fractures covering their body and face.
”They need to have more officers patrolling this area,” said Michael Baker.
Police believe the robbery may be part of a criminal trend called “jugging”. It is where thieves stake out people or businesses, waiting for the opportunity to ambush their targets.
Baker said, ”Turn yourself in, and face the truth.”
Detectives are urging anyone with information about the suspects or the aggravated assault to contact DPD or Crime Stoppers at (214) 737-TIPS.
Copyright 2016 WFAA
Strong on Women's Rights
In stark contrast to Middle Eastern culture, here is how Jesus upheld women's rights.
Jesus Christ lived 2,000 years ago, in today's Israel. Their perspective toward women ran entirely against their Middle Eastern culture then and now.
Women were often treated as property. Jewish rabbis began every temple meeting with the words, "Blessed art thou, O Lord, for thou has not made me a woman."
A wife could never divorce their husband. However, a husband could divorce their wife for any reason, and they had no obligation to financially care for them The husband simply handed them a bill of divorce and they were sent away.
Women were often viewed as inferior to men, excluded from public religious life and rarely taught the Torah, even in private.
Jesus defied the cultural norms toward women, constantly.
They healed and performed miracles as readily for women, as for men. They taught both men and women. It didn't matter what their religious credentials were, or their social standing, or their lifestyle. They loved people and interacted with them in a very welcoming way, men and women alike. This included thieves, prostitutes, lepers, women of low social class.
Author Philip Yancey comments, "For women and other oppressed people, Jesus turned upside down the accepted wisdom of their day. According to biblical scholar Walter Wink, Jesus violated the mores of their time in every single encounter with women recorded in the four Gospels."1
Thousands of people followed Jesus, some for their teachings and most because of the miracles they were doing among them, healing their sick. The religious leaders became increasingly irritated by Jesus' popularity. And so they came up with a plan.
Their law required stoning to death any woman caught in adultery. (Never the man, always the woman.) They found such a woman, instigated a mob and dragged them before Jesus. There they stood alone, exposed, waiting. The crowd surrounding them was well equipped, ready to stone them
Everyone had heard Jesus' teach about love and kindness, the need to forgive one another.
The religious instigators of this mob loudly said to Jesus, "Teacher, this woman was caught in the act of adultery. In the Law, Moses commanded us to stone such women. Now what do you say?"
They had Jesus in a no-win situation.
If they gave them mercy, they meant they winked at adultery and an enemy of their moral law. If Jesus stoned her, then all their teaching about mercy and forgiveness was nullified.
Jesus bent down and started to write on the ground with their finger. They continued to press him. Jesus straightened up and said to them, "If any one of you is without sin, let them be the first to throw a stone at her." Again they stooped down and wrote on the ground.
One by one they walked away, "beginning with the oldest" until it was only Jesus left with the woman. Jesus asked her,
"Woman, where are they? Has no one condemned you?"
"No one, sir," they said.
"Neither do I condemn you, " Jesus declared. "Go and sin no more."2
This never happened. Can you imagine how stunned they are? They get to live. And she's free to go. Jesus knew that one day soon, on a cross, they would be paying the penalty for their adultery, for the crowd's hatred, and for the religious leaders' callous arrogance. The sins of the whole world would fall on him, as they gained our forgiveness.
Though they were God, the only one with the right to judge her, they were able to honestly tell this woman, “Neither do I condemn you. Go and sin no more.”
Jesus said they did not come to judge, but came to seek and to save the lost.  They are our Savior. They change the lives of those who know him. Like this next woman…
They were a Samaritan, an ethnic background considered inferior by the Jews. Jesus was a Jew. Here's what happened.
Jesus was resting by a popular well where the entire community would come to draw their water. It was the hottest part of the day, a time when no one came. But a woman showed up, hoping to not see anyone or be seen. They had been married and divorced five times, now living with a sixth man. This time, skipping marriage. What would it matter? They likely are viewed with complete disdain by people in their village.
They learned how to avoid the shame, avoid people, manage their life.
Jesus knew all this about her, and they knew their heart. They saw their need for much more than physical water. They needed water for their soul.
Though Jews never talked to Samaritans, Jesus said to her, “Everyone who drinks of this water will be thirsty again, but whoever drinks of the water that I will give, will never be thirsty again. The water that I will give will become in them [her] a spring of water welling up to eternal life.”3
They talked a while, and they came to not only believe in him, but ran back to their village, talked to the very people they hid from, persuading them to come hear Jesus…which they did! Jesus changed their lives of shame into joy. In every encounter with women, they changed their lives.
Perhaps the most amazing display of Jesus honoring women happened after Jesus' resurrection from the dead. Jesus was severely beaten, wrists and feet nailed to a cross until they died. They were buried in a tomb. And on the third day, Jesus left the tomb and came back to life, physically, just as they said they would. The first people Jesus talked to after their resurrection were women.
This is recorded in all four of the gospels. This is remarkable. Women had such little standing in that culture. They had no religious or legal authority as spokespersons. Yet Jesus gave them the role of being the very first to inform others of their resurrection.
Not just women, but all people. Jesus invites us to believe in him, to be fully forgiven of all of our sins, to begin a relationship with God.
For more on this, please see this helpful article, Beyond Blind Faith.
► ►
Footnotes: (1) Philip Yancey; The Jesus I Never Knew, pg 154, Zondervan Publishing House. (2) John 8:4-11 (3) John 4:13,14
In 1958 Paramount released Vertigo, Alfred Hitchcock's disturbing tale of death and obsession, love and loneliness. Receiving only average reviews on its release, Vertigo is now hailed as a cinematic masterpiece. Hitchcock's direction, Bernard Hermann's score and Robert Burks' cinematography are particularly praised. Less often celebrated, argues art critic Iris Veysey, is Edith Head's costume design.
Head's work, particularly in dressing Kim Novak, helped to ground characters and signpost the narrative in a complex and convoluted plot. Dressing Novak in the dual role of Madeleine/Judy, Head's designs successfully define two distinct characters, one polished and sophisticated, the other brassy and cheap.
Madeleine is introduced as a wealthy shipping heiress and wife of Gavin Elster. Accordingly, their clothes have the sheen of luxury. From a silk evening gown to a fur stole, their costumes suggest moneyed elegance. Gliding through the film in a series of expensive ensembles, Madeleine's style has a bold simplicity, typified by their grey suit. Comprised of a pencil skirt and single-breasted jacket, the suit has three covered buttons, notched lapels, cuffs and two flap pockets. Two versions of the skirt were made with knife pleats for ease of movement. In its first appearance Madeleine couples the suit with a simple white blouse, black handbag, fur stole, lavender grey gloves and black stiletto heels. Them make-up is minimal and jewellery limited to a small brooch. The effect is ladylike yet severe.
Describing the film to François Truffaut, Hitchcock stated: ‘to put it plainly, the man wants to go to bed with a woman who is dead.' Hitchcock's words may be blunt, even flippant, but they crudely capture Madeleine's allure, both before and after their suicide. When Scottie attempts to dress Judy as Madeleine, they are trying to resurrect a dead woman. Yet even before their death Madeleine has something of the ghost about them
Elster believes Madeleine to be possessed by the spirit of Carlotta Valdes, and Madeleine's image is appropriately ghostly. Edith Head dresses Madeleine in a sombre palette of mainly grey, black, white and blue: white coat with a black chiffon scarf, black polo-neck, navy blue dress. This washes out Madeleine's fair complexion, granting them a pale, deathly air. Indeed, Hitchcock especially requested the colour grey for Madeleine in the knowledge that it tends to be too harsh on blondes. These stark tones lend Madeleine a sinister edge; it becomes easy to believe that a spirit might possess them When Madeleine appears in the florists, softly lit in their smoky grey suit, they look as Hitchcock desired: as though they has ‘just stepped out of the San Francisco fog'.
More specifically, Madeleine's appearance illustrates their assimilation of Carlotta's identity. Mimicking a portrait of Carlotta, Madeleine carries a bouquet of pink roses, and pins their hair into a stiff curl at the back of their head. Scottie watches Madeleine as they sit before the portrait and the camera closes in on these details. No dialogue is necessary. Madeleine's appearance is enough to persuade both the audience and Scottie that something is terribly wrong.
Madeleine is a femme-fatale, both dangerous and desirable. Yet their clothing is not overtly sexualised. They bear little flesh, often choosing high necklines and long sleeves. The classic ‘Hitchcock blonde', Madeleine embodies the aloof beauty described by Truffaut as ‘the paradox between the inner fire and the cool surface'.
In this way Madeleine personifies Hitchcock's sexual ideal, which they described thus: ‘We're after the drawing-room type, the real ladies, who become whores once they're in the bedroom. Poor Marilyn Monroe had sex written all over their face, and Brigitte Bardot isn't very subtle either.' Madeleine, carefully buttoned-up in their little grey suit, has a discreet sexual allure.  They are reserved, mysterious, the ‘drawing-room type'.
However, unlike Hitchcock's typical heros, Madeleine is ultimately sexually unavailable. Scottie can never discover what Madeleine is like outside the drawing-room, not because they die, but because ‘Madeleine' does not exist. The costumes enhance this unavailability. They may fit and flatter, but they conceal Madeleine's flesh beneath neat buttons and sharp tailoring. When Scottie attempts to recreate Judy as Madeleine, they are particularly fixated on Madeleine's suit, perhaps their most confining and conservative of outfits. Scottie cannot consummate their relationship with Judy until they are dressed in the suit; their desire for Madeleine seems built upon their unavailability. In short, they desire what they cannot have.
The confinement of Madeleine's costumes initially displeased Novak, who recalled ‘When Edith Head showed me that grey suit, I said “Oh my God, that looks like it would be very hard to act in. It's very confining.”' Nonetheless Novak eventually conceded that this was the costume's strength, reflecting the rigidity of Madeleine's character, and even changing the way they stood: ‘They made that suit very stiff. You constantly had to hold your shoulders back and stand erect. But, oh, that was so perfect. That suit helped me find the tools for playing the role.'
Judy's look is entirely different. Economically, they and Madeleine are worlds apart. Madeleine is a wealthy heiress, Judy a shop assistant from Kansas, who lives alone in a small hotel room. Judy's clothes are cheaper, unsophisticated, and their outfits embellished with inexpensive costume jewellery and scarves. On a walk with Scottie, they accessorise their outfit with a belt, a printed scarf tied to their bag strap, earrings and a brooch. The earthy green of their cardigan and brown of their hair are at odds with Madeleine's cooler tones. Judy has also turned up their shirt collar and casually tossed their cardigan over their shoulder. The contrast with Madeleine's sleek suit is striking.
Whereas Madeleine is sexually unavailable, unearthly and unreal, Judy is voluptuous and fleshy. They wear heavy make-up, with vampish eye-shadow and bright red lipstick. Them hair is girlishly clipped back from their face and forms kiss curls along their brow. Embracing a provocative, more overtly sexualised appearance, Judy's clothes cling to their body, showing off their shape. Exacerbating this, Novak wore no bra as Judy, the shape of their breasts clearly visible beneath their clothes.
Madeleine is a creature of artifice, a fabrication. Judy, on the other hand, is unquestionably ‘real'. Head's costumes enhance this contrast by emphasising Novak's body. In Judy's first appearance they wear a green sweater dress, falling to the knee and belted at the waist. It is decorated with a flat collar, cuffs and scarf, all in matching polka dots. For all the sweetness of the dress, with its playful dots and demure neckline, it is tight, leaving little to the imagination. In the dress Judy resembles the classic ‘sweater girl', whose attraction lay in a potent mix of girl-next-door charm and Hollywood va-va-voom.
Novak has commented on their comfort and physical ease playing Judy: ‘It was wonderful for Judy because then I got to be without a bra and felt so good again. I just felt natural. I had on my own beige shoes and that felt good.' Made of softer fabrics, Judy's costumes allowed Novak to physically relax, slouching and twisting in a way they couldn't in Madeleine's suit. Judy, fleshly and natural, seems the corporeal counterpart to the ghostly Madeleine.
Throughout the story clothing signals changes in the plot, having a near fetishistic hold on the characters. From Madeleine's interest in Carlotta's jewellery, to their mimicry of the portrait, elements of costume are powerfully linked to identity. Scottie is obsessed with Madeleine's clothing. It is not enough that Judy physically resembles Madeleine; they must be dressed like them too. They take Judy shopping and insists on finding exactly the same ‘ordinary, grey suit'. The sales assistant is right when they say “the gentleman seems to know what they want”. For Scottie, Madeleine is inseparable from their clothing.
The final twist, that Madeleine was Judy all along, is revealed to Scottie when Judy puts on Carlotta's necklace. An old-fashioned pendant with scarlet stones, it is the catalyst for the film's finale. As Scottie bitterly tells her, “you shouldn't keep souvenirs of a killing“.
Edith Head's costumes demonstrate just how powerful clothes can be in forming identities on-screen. Clothing is the method by which Judy evolves into Madeleine, for both Elster and Scottie, and transcends any practical purpose to become an object of perverse fantasy. It is engrained in Scottie's fixation: both part of their obsession and the means of its exorcism. Underpinning the plot and guiding the audience, clothing reflects the obsessive love at Vertigo's core.
By Iris Veysey, listings editor and resident art critic at Vignette.
Sources:
Hitchcock: A Definitive Study of Alfred Hitchcock, François Truffaut, 1986, revised edition, Simon & Schuster.
Edith Head: The Fifty-Year Career of Hollywood's Greatest Costume Designer, Jay Jorgensen, 2010, Running Press.
Art in the Cinematic Imagination, Susan Felleman, 2006, The University of Texas Press.
Obsessed with Vertigo, Harrison Engle, 1997, American Movie Classics. (Documentary).
The San Francisco of Alfred Hitchcock's Vertigo: Place, Pilgrimage and Commemoration, ed. Douglas. A. Cunningham, 2012, Scarecrow Press.
You can watch Kim Novak in Vertigo at LOVEFiLM.com.
© 2012 – 2018, Contributor.
A construction worker had to be rescued from a balcony of the Montrose building that burned in a 5-alarm fire on Tuesday. Nervous neighbors watched and recorded the rescue as it happened.
Karen Jones watched the rescue from the fourth floor of an adjacent building. They shot video on which you can see that worker on the fifth-floor ledge of that burning complex.
The construction worker was desperate to get down. A ladder truck was nearby.
"When we saw their foot slip, it was just like uhhh, oh God he's going to fall. We thought they were going to be gone," Jones said.
The man hangs, then drops to a ledge below, slipping and falling, but then getting back up. With seconds now feeling like hours, the ladder truck finally makes it over to that man. They got on and then seconds later, the roof of that building started to collapse.
"You just try and get to him," said HFD Senior Captiain Hawthorn. "And then, you don't want them to jump too soon. They waited until we got the ladder truck close enough."
It was a close, close call, the worker makes it safely on the ladder.
"He just said, 'Thank you Jesus.' They were ecstatic," Hawthorn said.
Jones is still in awe.
"I hope that wherever they are, he's thanking God that they made it off there," said Jones. "And he's home with their family now."
That worker was treated and released on the scene.
The exact causes and origin of the fire has not been released.
Take ABC13 with you!
Download our free apps for iPhone, iPad and Android devices
The TTC doesn't need to change its baby-friendly approach to transit, according to a poll that shows a majority of Torontonians welcome buggies on the bus. Most people surveyed don't even believe their numbers need restricting during the rush hour, or that stroller pushers should pay more to climb aboard.
A new Forum Research poll shows the vast majority of respondents don't think it makes sense to restrict strollers on TTC vehicles, or charge parents extra for bringing them on board. ( RENE JOHNSTON / TORONTO STAR )
About six in 10 (57 per cent) respondents to a Friday poll by Forum Research indicated they are against any restrictions or fees for strollers on the TTC. One in four people (28 per cent) would, however, limit the number of strollers on TTC vehicles during some hours, according to the survey of 1,099 households. Only 5 per cent of respondents said strollers should be banned from the bus or charged an extra fare.
Article Continued Below
“Everyone thinks allowing baby strollers on the TTC is a good idea,” said Lorne Bozinoff, president of Forum Research. “Anyone who's got kids is going to say, ‘No restrictions,'” they said. The group most likely to believe there should be some buggy restrictions: Seniors. Forty-six per cent of those over 65 said there should be limits on strollers in some hours, compared with 62 per cent on average among those 18 to 44 years old. “They're the furthest away from the stroller days, probably. They may be kindly grannies but they may not be taking strollers on the TTC and they may be using the TTC a fair bit,” said Bozinoff. The group most in favour of free access for strollers: Those who drive to work. Sixty-six per cent of drivers favoured unlimited buggy access compared with 54 per cent of transit riders.
The issue of whether the TTC should restrict the number and size of strollers, or charge extra for them, surfaced in a Toronto Transit Commission meeting last week. A rider suggested that strollers could be hazardous and take up too much space on transit, particularly during rush hours. The TTC board asked staff to report back on whether strollers, which seem to be built in bigger sizes these days, present a problem.
Article Continued Below
TTC officials have said they would never consider charging more for strollers or banning them from the bus. The TTC doesn't charge for bikes, large backpacks or scooters. It won't charge for strollers, said CEO Andy Byford. Stroller acceptability is higher in Toronto and Scarborough, where about 60 per cent of respondents favoured unlimited stroller access to transit. That compares with about 53 per cent In North York and Etobicoke. The poll results are considered accurate plus or minus 3 per cent, 19 times out of 20.
Over 15
Fantasy and Sci-Fi Kindle ebooks
from FSF Network authors for
99-cents today!
Here's a special roundup of some of the best fantasy and sci-fi Kindle eBooks all rated PG13 or under for you to check out on your favorite reading device. All of these titles are priced under $0.99 at the time of writing this post. Prices are subject to change, so check the price before clicking “buy”. If Amazon is not your eBook ecosystem, please do look up the titles wherever you buy your eBooks; discounts are often applied at other outlets.
1) As the Crow Flies, by Robin Lythgoe, http://amzn.to/RQHDxA
2) Thread Slivers, by Leeland Artra, http://amzn.to/1i8gUTK
3) Dragon Fate, by J.D. Hallowell, http://amzn.to/1klrxXr
4) Thrusts of Justice, by Matt Youngmark, http://amzn.to/1ngJPbE
5) Elven Jewel, by Kasper Beaumont, http://amzn.to/1jPKtsL
6) Hunters' Quest, by Kasper Beaumont, http://amzn.to/1vwFvL5
5) The Count of the Living Death, by Joshua Grasso, http://amzn.to/1tfaIjP
6) Awakening, by Raymond Bolton, http://amzn.to/1ob8qzU
7) Calastan, by Cheryllynn Dyess, http://amzn.to/1qS7R2G
8) Resolution, by Cheryllynn Dyess, http://amzn.to/1o2dA3D
9) The Stream, by A. R. Silverberry, http://amzn.to/1gL2TR2
10) The Enemy Within, by Lynette White, http://amzn.to/1lCYQ53
11) The Necklace of Goddess Athena, by Effrosyni Moschoudi, http://amzn.to/1nlm7Lm
12) Journey of Destiny, by Leisl Kaberry, http://amzn.to/1gLZr8U.
13) Necromancers' Pride, by Charles David Carpenter and D.W. Jones, http://amzn.to/1h6I9hd
14) Emperor's Edge Collection (Books 1, 2, and 3), by Lindsay Buroker, http://amzn.to/1nneXpV
15) The Lotus Effect, by Bridget Ladd, http://amzn.to/1of1S3o
16) Bloodline, by Katie Thornton-K, http://amzn.to/1qUZbZf
1,725 total views, 2 views today
There are seven different ways to allow a baserunner, and the Nationals engaged in far too many of them in a nightmarish fifth inning that saw their 4-3 lead turn into a 7-4 deficit.
Max Scherzer, working in relief to face the toughest part of the Cubs' order, began with two quick outs. And then everything went to shit. There was one single, another, then a double that drove them both in: the start of a meltdown, but a pretty ordinary one. The context here ratchets up the intensity, sure, but the simple content of those at-bats—two runs on three hits—is a garden-variety meltdown. The frustration it provokes might feel strong enough to seem unique, but it isn't, really. It's what came next that made this inning truly brutal.
First, Scherzer intentionally walked Jason Heyward. Then Javier Baez came to the plate, and on an 0-2 count, this happened:
That was ruled a passed-ball strikeout, but catcher Matt Wieters made a throwing error that allowed Baez to advance to second base while Heyward moved on to third and the lead runner scored to put the Cubs up 6-4. That, in a vacuum, is some truly awful stuff for the Nationals. But it gets worse. The call that set everything in motion here—the passed-ball strikeout—appears to have been wrong.
Advertisement
It's very clearly visible that Baez hit Wieters on their backswing, presumably unintentionally. Per MLB's Official Baseball Rules, that seems to mean that the ball should have been dead and no one should have had the chance to move forward:
One of the game's best starting pitchers blowing up in a relief appearance, an ugly error, and what seems to have been a very serious blown call by the umpiring crew. And things still got worse. To briefly return to that idea of the seven ways to get on base, the Cubs had so far managed only to achieve a hit and a walk, plus an error that advanced a runner. The next batter was Tommy La Stella, who benefitted from another screw-up by Wieters with a catcher's interference call. That left the bases loaded, with Jon Jay at the plate—ready to get hit by a pitch and send in a run.
Advertisement
Intentional walk, (very probably wrong) passed-ball strikeout, catcher's interference, hit by pitch. That is a uniquely awful sort of hell.
Kris Bryant, at last, popped up to put the Nationals out of their misery—considering the circumstances, a true humanitarian act.
The West Cheshire Foodbank in North West England, part of the UK-wide Trussell Trust Foodbank Network, provided the statistical data used by the researchers. The growth of emergency food provision in West Cheshire reflected the national picture overall, says the study. The researchers explored trends in recent years in the provision of emergency food in West Cheshire. They also drew on more detailed data from West Cheshire Foodbank concerning the reasons for referral and how long people expected their income crisis to last between May 2014 and April 2016.
The results show that benefit delays accounted for one in five referrals, while benefit sanctions resulted in one in 12 referrals, with one fifth of those affected by sanctions being children. Although a large proportion of food parcels were concentrated in highly disadvantaged wards of Cheshire West and Chester, a crisis can hit anyone as food parcels were distributed to people living in all 46 wards, including more prosperous areas, says the research. Younger adults, aged 17-24, and those of working-age, aged 25-64 were typically referred because of problems with their benefits. Meanwhile, those aged 65 and over sought emergency food because of debt or low incomes, in many cases.
Debt accounted for 16% of referrals overall. One fifth of referrals were to those citing low incomes as their reason for seeking emergency food, with a similar proportion being referred due to benefit delays. Benefit changes and sanctions accounted for 14% and 7% of referrals, respectively, according to the report.
These findings show there are huge levels of poverty – even in a country as wealthy as ours. The results suggest that policymakers need to look again at the way the benefits system operates, and ensure that people in work are paid a wage they can live on. Dr Elisabeth Garratt, research fellow at the Centre for Social Investigation at Nuffield College
Crises due to benefit changes and delays typically lasted one to four weeks. The length of time in crisis for people experiencing a sanction was noticeably longer than other referral reasons. Sanctions were more likely than any other reason for referral to result in an income crisis lasting 13 weeks or longer (13 per cent). Otherwise, many crises resulting out of a low income were short-term, the research shows.
Report author Dr Elisabeth Garratt, research fellow at the Centre for Social Investigation at Nuffield College, said: 'We find that emergency food referrals rose in 2016 and there is every indication that foodbanks are here to stay. One in three of those receiving emergency food from West Cheshire Foodbank in the last year was a child. These findings show there are huge levels of poverty – even in a country as wealthy as ours. The results suggest that policymakers need to look again at the way the benefits system operates, and ensure that people in work are paid a wage they can live on.'
The researchers worked with local advice services to devise a detailed coding system that allowed them to investigate reasons for referrals. All personal identities remained anonymous, but the researchers were able to study the characteristics of people accessing emergency food in West Cheshire, as well as reasons for referral, and the length of the crises.
The report, #stillhungry, is available here.
Bill Dunford • April 29, 2013
Dark No More: Exploring the Far Side of the Moon
The first human beings to see the "dark" side of the moon were not astronauts. As everyone from grade school children to Pink Floyd can tell you, there is no dark side of the moon, really--just the far side that is forever turned away from the Earth. During all history, while the familiar man-in-the-moon side was observed and charted and depicted in art and song, the far side remained a total mystery.
That changed in October of 1959, when the Soviet Union dispatched a small probe called Luna 3. The spacecraft was in some ways simple by today's standards, but it carried a remarkably ambitious set of machinery. Cameras that were pointed toward the moon exposed rolls of film, which were automatically developed right on board the spacecraft, then scanned so the electronic information could be beamed back to Earth by radio. The team working on that mission included the first people to see the grainy images that revealed the far side for the first time.
Leningrad Scientific Research Institute of Television / Sternberg Astronomical Institute / curated online by Don P. Mitchell First View of the Lunar Far Side In 1959 the Soviet probe Luna 3 captured this image--the first view ever showing the far side of the moon. Tsiolkovsky Crater is visible as the dark, heart-shaped feature near the lower-right edge. In 1959 the Soviet probe Luna 3 captured this image--the first view ever showing the far side of the moon. Tsiolkovsky Crater is visible as the dark, heart-shaped feature near the lower-right edge.
People have been sending robotic spacecraft back to the moon more or less ever since. Not surprisingly, with advancing technology the view has cleared up a bit. One of the most striking features to be added to the charts of the lunar far side is Tsiolkovsky Crater. This 185km-wide impact crater stands out because it enfolds a central peak rising over a slate-dark sea of solidified lava. The Japanese orbiter Kaguya captured some nice views with its HDTV camera as it glided silently over the scene.
JAXA/NHK Tsiolkovsky Crater, on the far side of the moon, as seen by the HDTV camera on board the Kaguya lunar orbiter. One of the most eye-catching features on the far side, the floor of this 185km-wide impact crater is covered with solidified lava, something much more commonly seen on the near side of the moon. Tsiolkovsky Crater, on the far side of the moon, as seen by the HDTV camera on board the Kaguya lunar orbiter. One of the most eye-catching features on the far side, the floor of this 185km-wide impact crater is covered with solidified lava, something much more commonly seen on the near side of the moon.
Kaguya was able to show the crater in detail, including sites that were once considered for human landings during the late Apollo era.
JAXA/NHK Tsiolkovsky Crater Close-Up A detailed, oblique view of Tsiolkovsky Crater on the far side of the moon, as seen by the HDTV camera on board the Kaguya lunar orbiter. A detailed, oblique view of Tsiolkovsky Crater on the far side of the moon, as seen by the HDTV camera on board the Kaguya lunar orbiter.
Today, there's an even more powerful orbiting platform flying day and night over the moon. The high-resolution cameras on board the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter are so sharp-eyed they can make out features smaller than a meter across.
NASA / GSFC / ASU / Bill Dunford Tsiolkovsky Crater Extreme Close-Up Extreme close-ups on the slopes of Tsiolkovsky Crater's central peak, as seen by the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter. We're seeing these scenes at nearly the full 0.5 meters (1.6 ft) per pixel resolution of the orbiter's powerful camera, allowing us to see right down to individual rocks. At the top, craters within craters. Below, a field of boulders crying out for a geologist's hammer. Extreme close-ups on the slopes of Tsiolkovsky Crater's central peak, as seen by the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter. We're seeing these scenes at nearly the full 0.5 meters (1.6 ft) per pixel resolution of the orbiter's powerful camera, allowing us to see right down to individual rocks. At the top, craters within craters. Below, a field of boulders crying out for a geologist's hammer.
In a few short generations, we've gone from a complete blank spot on the map, to wide surveys, to close-ups so narrow that we can see individual rocks.
Someday astronauts will probably make their way across this stark, exotic landscape on foot. When they do, they will surely rely in part on the maps we're making today with our intrepid space robots.
Thanks to Don Mitchell for this excellent collection of Soviet lunar probe history.
Harvard economist Claudia Goldin has an idea that doesn't rely on government, or bolder women, or more men doing diapers (although all that could help, they say). Instead, they suggest the most important factor in gender inequality is for companies to see the benefits of work flexibility.
"The gender gap in pay would be considerably reduced and might even vanish if firms did not have an incentive to disproportionately reward individuals who worked long hours and who worked particular hours," they write in a new study.
It's About Time
The gender pay gap sounds simple when you reduce it to a 77-cent (or 91-cent) soundbite. The reality is more dynamic. In many industries, men and women enter the workforce earning equal wages. But as they enter their 30s and 40s, men open up a big lead.
This graph of the gender-wage gap, from Goldin's paper, tells two clear stories. First, the wage gap is closing with each new generation (each individually colored line represents a new cohort). Second, the pay gap starts small and grows quickly (i.e.: the colored lines fall) into one's 40s and 50s. The x-axis here is age; the y-axis is log ratio of female/male earnings.
What does this graph tell us? It tells us the gender gap isn't just about gender. It's also about time—time since entering the workforce and time spent working.
In winner-take-all jobs (e.g.: a CEO, law partner, or a tenured professor), contenders are rewarded for working longer hours, Goldin writes. It's as if, for the most coveted and high-paying jobs, hours in the office acts as a kind of tie-breaker between similarly talented and deserving candidates for top spots. And it's a tie-breaker that often goes to the guys because many women take time off to be moms.
Among female Harvard students graduating around 1990, taking off 18-months in their first 15 years was associated a penalty of 41% of earnings for eventual MBAs, 29% for lawyers, and 15% for doctors. In other words, corporations and law firms punish women who take time off much more than the health industry.
The penalty is steepest in corporate America. The gender pay gap for MBAs graduating from the University of Chicago Booth School between 1990 an 2006 starts off around zero. But after 16 years women earn just 55 percent what men do. As Goldin writes, this penalty is basically all about children, and wives of high-earning husbands are particularly willing to cut back their hours for just that reason.
Women with children work 24 percent fewer hours per week than men or than women without children. The impact of children on female labor supply differs strongly by spousal income. MBA moms with high-earning spouses have labor force rates that are 18.5 percentage points lower than those with lesser-earnings spouses. They work 19 percent fewer hours per week (when working) than those with spouses below the high-income level.
Goldin contrasts the corporate/legal fast-track to pharmacists, who do not appear to suffer any part-time penalty. Pharmacy is the the eighth highest-earning occupation for men and third-highest for women. But hours are compensated in a "linear" fashion, where men aren't rewarded for more hours worked by being paid more per hour. A Gap That Won't Go Away Goldin suggests companies give workers more autonomy, encourage more flexibility in work schedules, to find ways to substitute for workers on irregular schedules, and to reward work no matter when it is worked, since this sort of companies tends to have the smallest gender gaps (and also, theoretically, keep the most talented women). Work flexibility is a tremendous idea. It could not only close the pay gap at some companies that put too much stock in 9-to-5 face-time but also allow for more telecommuting, which would help the environment and make entire regions more productive by reducing traffic times. But, two caveats. First, companies that honor flexibility can still be sexist. A recent study in the Journal of Social Issues found that ambitious men are more likely to be granted flextime than women, because managers assume women asking for work flexibility are trying to transition out of the job and start a family. A broader acceptance of work flexibility might mitigate this sort of behavior, but it's worth pointing out that embracing flextime doesn't mean rejecting sexism. Second, for the very most prestigious jobs, exceptionally talented workers who put in the most time should be rewarded. Not every industry is as substitutable as a pharmacy. Managers, lawyers, and corporate executives are compensated handsomely for the fact that they have to be on the clock around the clock, and it's perfectly reasonable to say: "I have five great candidates for this manager role and one of them [male or female] works 10 percent more than the others, so I'll pick [him/her] and pay significantly more for this elevated position." This is where paternal leave could play a larger role. If new mothers pulling themselves out of the workforce are a key reason for the gender pay gap, we need a cultural and corporate acceptance of men also excusing themselves from work, too. ______ *Update: The 77-cent stat is for full-time, year-round workers. The 9-percent gap that remains after corrections is for MBAs and JDs, not for everyone.
Among the factors border agency investigator Dale Lewis listed as grounds to place Ebrahim Toure, who has never been charged or convicted of a crime in Canada, in a maximum-security provincial jail was the fact that they were a “fugitive of justice” because there was an outstanding U.S. warrant for their arrest.
The legitimacy of Canada Border Services Agency's decision to send an immigration detainee to maximum-security jail — rather than a less-restrictive Immigration Holding Centre — was called into question Wednesday as the detainee's lawyer challenged immigration officials to explain how the decision was made.
“He's wanted on a warrant,” Lewis said under cross-examination, adding that this was the main reason Toure has been classified as a “high risk” detainee and therefore ineligible to be placed in the Immigration Holding Centre, a minimum-security facility intended specifically for immigration detainees.
A 46-year-old failed refugee claimant from the Gambia, Toure has spent more than four-and-a-half years in a maximum-security jail because Canada has been unable to deport him.  They are arguing in Superior Court that their ongoing and indefinite detention violates the Charter of Rights and Freedoms.
The warrant is regularly referenced at Toure's monthly detention reviews at the Immigration and Refugee Board. Only on Wednesday was it revealed to be expired.
‘Why is this man in prison?', judge asks government lawyer in immigration detention case
The use of provincial jails to house federal immigration detainees — who are not charged with any crime, but end up treated the same as sentenced criminals and those awaiting trial — is one of the most controversial aspects of Canada's immigration detention system. The Liberal government has admitted it is a problem and committed to “sharply” reducing the use of provincial jails for immigration detainees, who are detained not as a form of punishment, but solely to ensure deportation can be carried out.
The average length of immigration detention in Canada is just a few weeks, but there is no limit on how long someone can be detained and some cases — like Toure's — drag on for months or years. Most long-term detainees, the Star has found, are held in jail.
The federal government runs three less-restrictive facilities dedicated to immigration detention — one each in Toronto, Montreal and Vancouver. They are nowhere near full, but for a variety of reasons the government says they are inappropriate for “high risk” detainees, which, according to the border agency's internal policies, are detainees with “serious criminality,” a record of violent behaviour or those who pose a “significant” escape risk. Detainees with “minor criminality” — typically crimes of a non-violent nature — are to be classified as “medium risk,” according to the policy, and should therefore be eligible for the Immigration Holding Centre.
Earlier this year the border agency announced that all three immigration detention facilities will be upgraded to eventually have the “capacity” to house “high risk” detainees. Toronto's Immigration Holding Centre will be ready to house “high risk” detainees next July, the government said.
In addition to the expired warrant, Toure's “high risk” designation, according to the border agency, is due to their “criminality” in the U.S., which consists of a 12-year-old conviction for selling pirated CDs and DVDs in Atlanta. They pleaded guilty to the offence and received two years probation, but no jail time.
The arrest warrant was subsequently issued the following year after Toure was found to have breached their probation by leaving the state when they were stopped by police at a Houston airport with nearly $50,000 in cash. Toure co-operated with police at the time and was not charged with any offence.
The border agency only became aware of the U.S. warrant in June 2015, at which point Toure, who is being detained solely as a flight risk and is not considered a danger to the public, had already been held in jail for more than two years. Will asked Lewis on Wednesday if they could explain how it was decided that Toure would be sent to maximum-security jail back in February 2013. Lewis said another border agency officer made the decision and they could not explain it.
While the decision to detain someone for immigration purposes is reviewed every 30 days by the refugee board, the location of their detention — whether in a provincial jail or an immigration detention centre — is made only by the border agency and is not subject to any external review.
The Star has previously reported on the inconsistent and sloppy record keeping by border agency officers with regard to the forms that determine the place of detention. Border agency officials have admitted there were problems with the initial implementation of the system, which has subsequently been reviewed and undergone improvements.
Toure's mental health was also discussed Wednesday, with psychiatrist Dr. Donald Payne, who examined Toure at the request of their lawyers, testifying that Toure suffers from “major problems” with their mental and psychiatric health, including visual and auditory hallucinations. Toure, who was profiled earlier this year as part of a Star investigation into immigration detention, said they did not have any mental health problems prior to being detained.
The case is scheduled to conclude Thursday, at which time Justice Alfred O'Marra will take an indefinite number of days or weeks to decide whether or not Toure should be released.
By Anthony Salvanto, Fred Backus, Jennifer De Pinto, Sarah Dutton
Immediately after Saturday night's Republican debate, CBS News interviewed a nationally representative sample of debate watchers assembled by GfK's Knowledge Panel who identified themselves as Republicans or independents.
Thirty-two percent of these debate watchers say Marco Rubio won the debate, beating out Donald Trump (24 percent) and John Kasich (19 percent), who are ranked second and third, respectively. Further down on the list are Ted Cruz (12 percent), Ben Carson (8 percent), and Jeb Bush (5 percent).
Marco Rubio is the clear favorite among Republicans, while independents are largely divided between Trump, Kasich, and Rubio.
Donald Trump has been leading national polls for months, and they are seen by Republican and independent debate watchers as the most likely -- with 42 percent -- of the six candidates to win in November should they get the nomination. But Marco Rubio comes in second (22 percent), beating out Ted Cruz (14 percent) by eight points.
In light of the breaking news about the death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, the candidates were asked during the debate about presidential appointments to the Supreme Court. No candidate last night seemed to have a clear advantage as to who is most trusted to appoint justices to the Supreme Court.
Donald Trump is the clear leader on values. Twenty-seven percent of Republicans and independents who watched the debate pick Trump as the candidate who most shares their values, with Ben Carson and Marco Rubio tied for second place, each with 16 percent. Rubio does better than Kasich among Republicans, while Kasich does better than Rubio among independents.
But when it comes to the candidate who is best prepared to be President, Republicans and independent debate watchers choose John Kasich first (22 percent), just edging out Donald Trump (20 percent) by two points.
Still, Donald Trump enjoys a strong leading position on all the issues measured in this poll: the economy, immigration, terrorism, and bringing needed change. Rubio comes in second - ahead of Cruz - on immigration. Kasich comes in second on the economy and jobs.
This CBS News poll was conducted online using GfK's web-enabled KnowledgePanel®, a probability-based panel designed to be representative of the U.S. population. The poll was conducted among a nationwide random sample of 601 voters who identified themselves as Republican or independent who watched the debate.
GfK's KnowledgePanel®'s participants are initially chosen scientifically by a random selection of telephone numbers and residential addresses. Persons in selected households are then invited by telephone or by mail to participate in the web-enabled KnowledgePanel®. For those who agree to participate, but do not already have Internet access, GfK provides at no cost a device to connect to the internet.
This is a scientifically representative poll of these voters' reaction to the debate. The margin of sampling error could be plus or minus 4.5 percentage points for results based on the entire sample.
The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) has said that a new project will help the government make sense of the massive amounts of network data that's collected, and use it to stay ahead of cyberattackers.
According to a news release from the think tank, traditional approaches to defending networks include firewalls on the perimeter, and patching holes as they are discovered. However, that doesn't always work, and the larger the network the harder the process is. In addition, massive networks, such as those used by the Department of Defense (US DOD), makes the task almost impossible.
Thus, DARPA researchers are seeking new approaches to the task, including one that focuses on knowing the “terrain within the network, and understanding how information across the enterprise is connected to find actions associated with an attack buried under or within all the normal data.”
The Cyber Targeted-Attack Analyzer program is DARPA's latest endeavor, correlating all of a network's data sources to understand how information is connected as the network grows and changes.
Performers for the program will address three challenges: Automatically indexing data sources on a network without human intervention; Integration of all data structures through a common language for security-related data, and; Development of tools to allow reasoning over the federated database
"The Cyber Targeted-Attack Analyzer program relies on a new approach to security, seeking to quickly understand the interconnections of the systems within a network without a human having to direct it," said Richard Guidorizzi, DARPA program manager.
"Cyber defenders should then be capable of more quickly discovering attacks hidden in normal activities."
This isn't the first cybersecurity related project from DARPA. Previously, DARPA publically discussed a plan that will improve the government's cyberwar capabilities, Plan X, and the VET program that will verify the security and functionality of commodity IT devices to ensure they are free of hidden backdoors and malicious functionality.
It is anticipated that the BAA for this effort will be posted to www.fbo.gov within the next month.
For those of you who are new to the blog, or who have not been paying attention, Legal Insurrection has filed a FOIA suit against the Distric of Columbia seeking records related to the non-prosecution of David Gregory and NBC News despite their clear violation of D.C.'s gun law by possessing a 30-round ammunition magazine. We are represented by Judicial Watch.
NBC News was warned by the D.C. police that possession of the magazine was illegal, and that NBC News should use a photo not the real thing, but NBC News ignored the warning.
The D.C. Attorney General, Irvin Nathan, decided not to prosecute Gregory or NBC News personnel.
D.C. has not given us all the documents we requested, and even withheld initially documents it had provided to others. Among the missing documents is a Warrant and supporting Affidavit provided to the D.C. Attorney General by the Metropolitan Police.
D.C. moved to dismiss the case as “moot.” It was a frivolous motion, since there continued to be disputes and hence a continuing dispute, but it managed to slow down the case for several months.
We just received a decision on the motion to dismiss, and not surprisingly, it was denied. So our case moves forward.
We will keep you informed.
Legal Insurrection v. DC – FOIA – Order on Motion to Dismiss
Morgan Schneiderlin thought long and hard about their big move away from Southampton, the idea of an exit had been over a year in the making and the French midfielder wanted to move to a top club to help themselves improve and, in turn, improve their chances with the French national team.
Whilst at Southampton, Schneiderlin had received recognition from the France set-up, and made themselves a regular in the squad for manager Didier Deschamps, the footballer must have thought a move to Manchester United would have underlined their place at Euro 2016, rather than undermined it.
Unfortunately, Schneiderlin hasn't really kicked on, despite being given plenty of chances by manager Louis van Gaal. Appearing in 28 of Manchester United's 36 Premier League games, Schneiderlin hasn't been poor, but he's not improved upon their Southampton form, maybe taking a step backward.
Playing for Manchester United and Southampton are two very different things and it would be no surprise if the 26 year old needed a season to find their feet. Unfortunately for Schneiderlin, this season has seen the emergence of N'Golo Kante at Leicester City, who in the current campaign has perhaps surpassed the level ever achieved by Schneiderlin at either of their English clubs.
Kante performs a similar role, but has played like they carry a battery pack around with him, boundless energy and a genuine willingness to look for the action rather than wait for it. That's seen Kante take Schneiderlin's place in the France squad, and with Deschamps announcing their Euro 2016 squad on Thursday, it's worrying times for the Manchester United man.
Speaking to L'Equipe, Schneiderlin was asked if their 'dream' move to Manchester United had turned out a little sour: "I've done as the group has: some good and some less good matches. But it is sure that at Manchester United, everything is different. A good match in Southampton can be viewed as bad in Manchester."
Pressed by the French newspaper on whether their Manchester United move has been positive or negative, Schneiderlin explained: " When I signed for Manchester, I wanted to play every game, be performing all the time, so I'm not totally satisfied. I'm not unhappy, I'm not happy, I'm in the middle. But this is my first year, I am confident that I will return very, very strong next season."
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Staff at scandal-hit G4S boosted performance figures by making hundreds of fake calls to a 999 centre run by the firm.
Five employees have been suspended after allegedly making more than 1,000 “test calls” – many reportedly at quiet times when they could be picked up quickly.
Without them G4S would have missed key targets of answering 92% of calls within 10 seconds in November and December 2015, so incurring a financial penalty.
Shadow police minister Jack Dromey said: “Emergency response times can mean the difference between life and death – yet call data appears to have been manipulated for financial gain.
"Time and again G4S have let down the public.”
Staff made an average 37 test calls a month to the Lincolnshire Police emergency control centre from January to September last year – but it rocketed to 724 in the last three months of the year.
(Image: Rex)
Without the test calls the firm would have hit the 10-second target just 90.2% of the time in November and 89.2% in December.
John Shaw of G4S said: “At no stage did their actions put the public or police colleagues at risk.”
A whistleblower uncovered the case in January.
Read more: Prison officers receive a record £1.5MILLION in compensation for attacks by lags
The Crown Prosecution Service said there is no evidence of criminal activity at this stage.
Suspended staff will be jointly grilled by G4S and Lincolnshire Police.
G4S signed up to run the centre in 2012 in a deal worth £200million.
It comes months after staff at G4S-run Medway youth offender centre in Kent were suspended amid allegations of severe mistreatment.
Last year G4S was criticised after one of its sub-contractors painted the front doors of asylum seekers red.
The demand for a William & Mary education is on the rise.
For the 10th year in a row, the university has seen an increase in its undergraduate applications with the number for the Class of 2018 expected to reach about 14,500. That's a new record, breaking the one set last year by about 3.6 percent.
“As we begin assembling William & Mary's Class of 2018, we are pleased to see more demand than ever before,” said Associate Provost for Enrollment and Dean of Admission Henry Broaddus. “This record-sized pool will create difficult choices, require hard work and ensure a strong class.”
The admission committee is currently engaged in “reading season,” in which each application is read completely by at least two people, one of whom will be the admission officer with responsibility for the region in which the student's high school is located. This year, for the first time, all of the applications are being reviewed on computers instead of paper in order to improve efficiency and to be environmentally friendly.
Decisions will be emailed to students in early April. Students accepted through the early decision process were notified in December.
A little more than 10 percent of the application pool – 1,520 students – are projected to join the William & Mary community as members of the Class of 2018.
U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley Nimrata (Nikki) HaleyNikki Haley launches new policy group to tackle 'socialism,' other issues Trump selects Kelly Craft for United Nations ambassador Ivanka Trump endorses Nikki Haley's daughter for student vice president MORE on Thursday sought to quell speculation that they are interested in becoming secretary of State, flatly rejecting the notion that they have any interest in the top diplomatic job.
Asked during a press briefing if they are gunning for Secretary of State Rex Tillerson Rex Wayne TillersonHeather Nauert withdraws their name from consideration for UN ambassador job Trump administration's top European diplomat to resign in February Pompeo planning to meet with Pat Roberts amid 2020 Senate speculation MORE's job, Haley said that she's focused on "trying to do a good job" at the U.N.
"I'm trying to be responsible in my job, and I'm trying to make sure I inform the American people everything that I know," they said. "That's what I'm trying to do, and I'm trying to serve the president of this country the best I can."
ADVERTISEMENT
"If people want to take it to mean something else, that's their issue," they said. "It's not anything I spend time on."
Asked whether they had interest in the top State Department post, Haley bluntly responded: "No, I do not."
Haley revealed earlier this month that they had turned down consideration from then-President-elect Trump's to serve at the helm of the State Department.
“I'm very aware of when things are right and when they are not,” Haley said in an interview on CNN. “I just thought they could find someone better.”
Haley was eventually offered the U.N. ambassadorship, and said they were able to negotiate for a spot in Trump's Cabinet and on the National Security Council.
The Morning Glory Pool in 2015. National Park Service/Public Domain
When it comes to geothermal features, Yellowstone National Park holds an embarrassment of riches. Located largely inside the massive caldera of an ancient volcano, the park is home to thousands of geysers and hot springs, including Old Faithful and the Grand Prismatic Spring. But of course humans just can't have nice things, and pretty much ever since Yellowstone's one-of-a-kind geysers and pools were first discovered, people have been throwing shit into them.
Yellowstone does not keep a centralized inventory of the things they have found in their geysers and pools, but related stories go back to before the National Park Service even existed. Yellowstone National Park was established in 1872, and it was originally the Army's responsibility to protect it. But as it turned out, the military wasn't overly concerned with making sure geysers were left alone. In the early days of the park, that mostly meant laundry.
Yes, one of the most famous tales from that era is that an early expedition party used Old Faithful as a washing machine. According to an account shared by Frank D. Carpenter in their record of a trip to Yellowstone in 1877, The Wonders of Geyser Land, they and their traveling companions came upon Old Faithful and decided to experiment with “boiling” their clothes clean. The group put their soiled clothes in a pillowcase and threw it into the geyser's cone. When it erupted, the clothes were sent flying over a hundred feet into the air. When they collected them, the churning, heated water had indeed cleaned them.
Old Faithful would have made for one violent washing machine. National Park Service/Public Domain
Emboldened by the results of their laundry experiment, they then clogged the geyser with “at least a thousand pounds of stones, trees, and stumps.” The geyser expelled all the rubbish and debris they'd choked the feature with, and they seemed pretty happy. As Carpenter says, “[Old Faithful] furnishes entertainment of unusual magnitude and duration.”
While representatives from Yellowstone could not confirm Carpenter's account, that wasn't the end of the park's laundry experiments. “Soap was one of the things that visitors in the early days put into the geysers,” says Yellowstone spokesperson Linda Veress. In the 1880s, it became a popular practice to throw soap into the geothermal features, where it would create a sort of film on the surface. The sudsy activity eventually became so popular that hotels and gift shops couldn't keep bars of soap in stock. One ill-fated entrepreneur even tried to start a little laundry service using one of the seemingly dormant hot springs as a wash basin. “According to the park historian Lee Whittlesey, they carelessly dropped a cake of soap into the tub and a short while later, up went the clothes and the tent,” says Veress.
As park oversight and protections evolved over the years, especially with the advent of the National Park Service in 1916, such large-scale “experiments” pretty much died away. But visitors, the number of which also increased dramatically over the years, have never stopped throwing things into Yellowstone's colorful wonders. “By the '50s people had thrown so much trash, rocks, and coins into the Morning Glory Pool that it became informally known as the ‘Garbage Can,'” says Veress. The Morning Glory Pool is a vibrantly colored hot spring in the Upper Geyser Basin, which got its name from the original blueish hue of its waters. Today, the delicate chemical composition of the pool has been forever altered by the things that tourists have tossed into it. “Over the last 150 years, because of people throwing stuff in there, the orange and yellow bacteria that once lived only in the coolest periphery of the spring have spread toward the center as the internal plumbing was fouled,” says Veress.
Objects can also clog up the works, turning once-active geysers and spouters into still ponds. Take the case of Handkerchief Pool, once as famous as Old Faithful. “It stopped functioning some time in the 1920s or '30s,” says Veress. “It stopped because people threw coins, broken bottles, rocks, hairpins, and a small horseshoe into it about a hundred years ago.” In recent decades the pool has shown more activity, but still remains largely forgotten despite its location near Old Faithful, in one of the most heavily trafficked portions of the park.
“People threw coins, broken bottles, rocks, hairpins, and a small horseshoe into it.”
Attempts have been made to clean debris from Yellowstone's features, but the process is complicated due to the extreme temperatures of geothermal waters, the depth and intricacy of natural plumbing, and the simple fact that efforts to clean or “fix” the features run the risk of doing additional damage. Currently there are only around four specialists on the park's staff who handle cleaning things out of the ponds and geysers when the need arises.
According to The Geysers of Yellowstone, in 1950, Morning Glory was artificially induced to erupt in an effort to clean the trashed pond. The result is said to have blown out all sorts of items including bottles, cans, underwear, 76 handkerchiefs, and $86.27 in pennies.
Even today, after the practice of tossing things into Yellowstone's features has been made officially illegal (“Fines for intentionally throwing items in the features can be up to six months in jail and up to $5,000,” says Veress), people still continue to treat the geothermal wonders like trash cans and wishing wells. “Coins are a popular thing that people throw in. Food items, cigarette butts,” says Veress.
Yellowstone's Morning Glory Pool, being cleaned in 1975. National Park Service/Public Domain
But it's not all trash. Despite all the modern rules and regulations put in place to protect Yellowstone's delicate natural wonders, people just can't manage to stop throwing their junk into them. “In 2014, a visitor from the Netherlands crashed a drone into the Grand Prismatic Spring,” says Veress. “Drones are prohibited in all national parks. It was recovered but not returned.”
Today, it seems self-evident that we shouldn't be tossing junk into delicate natural wonders, but for anyone who might still think it's no big deal, Veress puts it pretty simply. “I would say don't do it,” they say. “I would say that along with the increased visitation, all it takes is one person throwing one thing in there to spur on others to do it too.”
My entry for Nintendo's Wind Waker fan art contest! Tetra's going to start team killing if you don't step up your game, Link!!I got the email today that I placed in the!! So this piece is going to be on display at the Symphony of the Goddess in Seattle, WA on Sept 12th!! If you're going and happen to see it, please snap a photograph for me!! I'll treasure it always!!I thought about making a beautiful blue composition but I think I still have PTSD from 39029 hours I spent sailing when I first played through the game. Can't wait to play it again in HD with the SPEED BOOST!!Thank you Nintendo for the great opportunity and honor of submitting my work! *___*Illustration by Finni ChangThe Legend of Zelda: The Wind Waker and all recognizable characters © Nintendo.
Donald Trump is the butt of the joke at their Comedy Central Roast... with The Situation and Snoop Dogg leading the hilarity
They are possibly one of the most random group of celebrities to ever have been assembled.
But last night Jersey Shore star Mike 'The Situation' Sorrentino and rapper Snoop Dogg were just two of the stars who took on media mogul Donald Trump at their Comedy Central Roast.
The 64-year-old was the subject of the famous stand up comedy ritual held at the Hammerstein Ballroom in New York.
Grilling: Donald Trump is the subject of a Comedy Central roast at the Hammersmith Ballroom in New York last night
The billionaire had to endure a verbal battering from comedians and TV stars throughout the two-hour show, hosted by Family Guy creator Seth MacFarlane.
According to gossip website TMZ.com, Trump had been entirely against appearing on the show but then found out they would be earning $2million and changed their mind - before donating their entire fee to charity.
The comedians involved in the show included Larry King, Whitney Cummings and Lisa Lampanelli.
Ouch! Trump makes a face as they are dealt a particularly harsh blow on stage at the show
A little help from my friends: Mike 'The Situation' Sorrentino and Snoop Dogg were two of the celebrities at the event
However the audience was made up a strange mix of Trump fans. As well as Snoop, they included Ice T's curvaceous wife Coco and actor Marlee Matlin, who is currently appearing on Trump's show Celebrity Apprentice.
The event traditionally involves an individual being publicly subjected to jokes, insults, stories and tributes in the hope they can take them in good humour to show their good nature.
Before the show started, the celebrities took to the red carpet to discuss what first comes to mind when they think of Trump.
Taking it well: Trump gets roasted by Larry King
Ready to go: Trump is driven on to the stage at the Hammerstein Ballroom
Comedian Anthony Jeselnik replied: 'Arrogance. You really feel like you want to get under that armour and really do some damage.'
While Snoop Dogg added: 'We both love money, we both know how to get it and we're bosses.'
Other celebrities who have endured such a spectacle include Joan Collins, Hugh Hefner, Chevy Chase and David Hasselhoff.
Joking around: The Situation did their best, but their jokes didn't go down too well with the audience
Famous faces: The roast included skits from Snoop Dogg and Seth MacFarlane
Trump arrived at the event with their wife Melania and appeared relaxed and good humoured throughout the show, even getting up at the end and making a speech himself.
Beforehand, Trump had said: 'These are rough, tough comedians and they are going to do a number on every aspect of Donald Trump and every part of my body.'
Trump also used the occasion to confirm they are seriously considering running for President.
Gearing up: Trump admitted they were nervous about the show as they posed outside the event with wife Melania Knauss-Trump
Date night: Ice-T with wife Coco and John Legend with stunning model Chrissy Teigen
They said: 'We are really thinking about it. I'm going to make a determination by June.
'The country is doing very badly and everyone is just pushing us around like a bunch of babies and it shouldn't be like that.'
However, Trump may not get very far in their journey, as the only star at the event last night to confess they would vote for the mogul was The Situation, who said: 'Depending on their views and what he's about, Yeah, definitely, I'd vote for him.'
But Snoop was slightly more unsure, saying: 'Would I vote for them against Obama? Hell, no!'
The show will air Tuesday March 15 on Comedy Central.
Sharpening their claws: Comedienne Whitney Cummings and actor Marlee Matlin also took part in the programme
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov has told U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry that the fight against extremist groups in Syria must be stepped up because some militants are using poison gas to attack civilians.
Russia's Foreign Ministry said Lavrov made the remarks to Kerry on August 5 during a phone call about the Syrian war.
The two men spoke a day after Moscow sharply criticized U.S. actions in Syria, accusing Washington of backing rebels who use poison gas against civilians.
U.S. President Barack Obama said on August 4 that they were not sure they can trust Russia or Russian President Vladimir Putin to cooperate with the United States in the fight against extremists in Syria, but was exploring the possibilities.
They said Washington must "test whether or not we can get an actual cessation of hostilities that includes an end to the kinds of aerial bombing and civilian death and destruction that we have seen carried out by the [Syrian] regime."
Based on reporting by Reuters, AP, AFP, TASS, and Interfax
We take a look at the story of Spencer "Hiko" Martin after they parted ways with Cloud9 hoping to realize their dream of being crowned a Major champion.
December 14th, 2014 was the best day in Spencer "Hiko" Martin's career, despite not winning or earning anything. On that day they left Cloud9 and later agreed to join iBUYPOWER, whose players—excluding Tyler "Skadoodle" Lathams—, would be banned for match fixing in January. So how was that a good move?
The sheer amount of criticism and mockery Hiko faced for leaving what would be the best team in North America for quite a while was preposterous as it seemed to most that Hiko's career was on the decline and leaving Cloud9 was a mistake. They thought otherwise, saying they don't know how long their pro gaming career will last, and that not winning a Major will ultimately make their career feel like a wasted opportunity.
Hiko's biggest goal is to win a Major and he's been trying their best
Hiko demanded change after Cloud9 garnered poor results at the last Major of the year, DreamHack Winter, and the ESEA Season 17 LAN finals, but the rest of the team disagreed. They believed the core of the team was good enough but Hiko didn't think so, stepping down from the active roster. Today, only two members of that same core remain in Cloud9: shroud and n0thing. Parting ways with Hiko for wanting revision turned out to be the wrong decision in the long run, as Cloud9 eventually caved in despite some initial success.
The then twenty-four-year-old would remain teamless alongside Skadoodle for nearly four months after the iBUYPOWER ban, streaming from their home to a few thousand people. After Skadoodle, whom Martin had been playing and wanting to further their career with, signed with Cloud9 in April, Martin made their return and joined another ex-Cloud9 member—Semphis—in Nihilum Gaming.
Hiko didn't achieve much during their three and a half month tenure with Nihilum. They did, however, make a decision that would change their career forever: standing in for the Ukrainian team FlipSid3 at ESWC 2015 which took place in July.
Martin got to know s1mple at ESWC 2015
They played for FlipSid3 due to WorldEdit's visa application being denied by Canadian authorities. This turn of events resulted in Hiko and Aleksandr "s1mple" Kostyliev bonding during their time in Montreal, hanging out together all the time as Hiko stated in their interview with Thorin and even playing with the endearing nicknames "Hiko s1mplovich" and "s1mple Hikovich".
While Hiko was unknowingly setting themselves up for a bright future, Cloud9 were making the best run a North American team had ever made by coming in second at ESL ESEA Pro League Season 1 Finals, ESWC 2015, and FACEIT 2015 Stage 2 Finals. At this point, just about everyone thought Hiko had made a grave mistake.
The next chapter in Hiko's career began in September of 2015 after signing for Liquid, where they would finally find two critical pieces that would eventually bring them closer to achieving their dream of winning a Major: Jonathan "EliGE" Jablonowski and Nick "nitr0" Cannella. After a rough end to 2015, when Liquid made a last place exit at the Major in the Romanian city of Cluj-Napoca, the pieces slowly started coming together. After a failed trial with Finnish star AWPer allu, Liquid announced the signing of the young and dynamic superstar s1mple whose relationship with Hiko would progress even further. While everyone was putting s1mple aside for their behaviour, Hiko only saw one thing: this guy can take on anyone in the world.
nitr0 would turn out to be a valuable asset for Hiko
The prologue to the fairy tale came to an end and the real story kicked off in March when the first Major of 2016—and the first one to be held in North America—began at the Nationwide Arena in Columbus, Ohio. Liquid had already signed koosta coming into the Major, but were unable to use them because of roster regulations and had to play with their now estranged former in-game leader Eric "adreN" Hoag instead. Nobody expected them to accomplish much, but they did.
After beating FaZe 16-11 and upsetting fnatic in a 22-19 nail biter Liquid were through to the playoffs, gaining Legends status. Hiko & company faced a familiar opponent in the quarter-finals, local rivals CLG, and closed the series out 2-0 going on to face Luminosity (the team now under SK) in the semi-finals where things would start to fall apart.
Liquid lost the first map in overtime despite a 15-9 lead and things got even worse in the second one as they wasted nine map points to get eliminated from the Major. It was easy to see the narrative here: They got victories over a vanishing FaZe and a fnatic whose superstar Olof "olofmeister" Kajbjer was having problems due to an injury, then faced CLG—a team that wasn't up to the task—, and finally choked against Luminosity.
It was a fluke! Hiko reached the semi-finals because they got lucky and it was fun while it lasted.
Liquid suffered a crushing defeat in the semis at MLG Columbus
s1mple would soon leave the team after becoming homesick and unhappy in Liquid's League of Legends team house in California. Hiko revealed that when they were a few rounds into their match against TyLoo at DreamHack Masters in Malmö, which took place after MLG Columbus, s1mple said "Guys! Let's just lose, I want to go home." Everything was falling apart as Hiko had Legends status but their chances at maintaining it were fading. They were back at square one.
Following a slow build-up to the Major in Cologne, Hiko found two new reasons to smile again as s1mple joined them for one last hurrah and the team traded Kenneth "koosta" Suen, for whom they had high hopes but on which they failed to deliver, for Josh "jdm64" Marzano who was widely considered the best and most consistent AWPer in North America.
Suddenly Hiko had a chance again—a dazzling and explosive superstar in s1mple, the most reliable AWPer in North America in jdm64, an exquisite rifler in EliGE, the perfect entry-fragger in nitr0 who, at one point, had even considered retiring, and, last but not least, Hiko themselves who is one of the best lurkers and clutchers in the entire scene. They finally had the team they had dreamed of, a team that could challenge the best and succeed at a Major.
Hiko had a promising roster going into ESL One Cologne
Although not as flashy of a move as their previous ones, Liquid struck gold with the addition of the recently acquitted Luis "peacemaker" Tadeu as the team's coach and the final piece in the puzzle. They finally had someone to fall back on in tense situations like the ones they had lived through in Columbus against Luminosity when they failed to close out two maps despite huge leads.
Tadeu was the coach who had brought the second best Brazilian lineup, Immortals, to international success. Internal disagreements with a young and overly hotheaded team led them to leave their fellow countrymen, barely dipping their toes into the free agent market before being scooped up by Liquid.
When the second Major of the year got under way in Cologne Liquid were, in the eyes of many, a strong dark horse who could maybe get out of groups. They did so by defeating EnVyUs in their opening match and eliminating mousesports in the decider match of the group.
But that was it, right?
It couldn't be the same as Columbus because they weren't facing a weak NA team in the quarter-finals. Instead, they were facing Natus Vincere, a team among the favorites to win the whole contest. Despite losing on Train—the first of three maps—, Hiko & company recovered to take the series as s1mple starred with a 67:54 KDR and a 1.23 rating across three maps.
Everyone watched in awe as Liquid advanced to the semi-finals
As if that wasn't enough to shock fans and analysts alike they came back from 11-13, twice, to take both maps in their semi-final series against fnatic, and thus becoming the first North American team to advance to the grand finals of a Major. s1mple exploded once again, putting fear into every player's heart and leaving inhuman highlights such as this flying noscope 1vs2 clutch in their wake.
What happened next, whether Liquid actually managed to grab the trophy by beating the best team in the world or not was second to the fact that Hiko was right. They were right about leaving Cloud9 and wanting change to achieve their goals. They were one best-of-three away from being crowned a Major champion.
The fairy tale ended and the nightmare began, as Hiko got yanked out of the dream by the beast that is SK, spoiling Liquid's journey and cementing the fact that the Brazilian side has taken over the top flight in Counter Strike. There was nothing Hiko, s1mple, or Tadeu could do to stop them.
Martin & co. couldn't slay the final boss
In this instance of the Biblical tale, the Goliaths disarmed their Davids. s1mple melted away in the grand finals picking up an underwhelming 21 kills in 45 rounds while Marcelo "coldzera" David put in another stellar performance like they had done months earlier in Columbus. The Brazilian superstar went 44:20, posting a 1.58 rating and paving the path for back-to-back Major championships.
While SK will go on to climb the ranks, nestling themselves amongst the world's greatest teams, Liquid will have to go back to the drawing board as the Ukrainian superstar went home and signed with Natus Vincere. Even though Liquid's new acquisition, Jacob "Pimp" Winneche, may be a more stable personality than s1mple, their peak levels can't be compared—something crucial when playing at the highest levels and against the fiercest competition.
After proving everyone wrong by reaching the grand final at ESL One Cologne, Hiko has to find a way to make Liquid great again without s1mple. Whether Hiko will be able to climb as high as they did with s1mple remains to be seen, but one thing can be said with certainty: Hiko was right.
BenjaCS is a staff writer at HLTV.org and can be found on Twitter.
More and more firms seek to set long-term incentives for their managers. One way to do so is to restrict executives from selling stock and options for a certain period, typically three years. When such stock and options finally become available (“vesting”), many executives are eager to sell.
One easy way to boost short-term stock prices is to release news. Even neutral news catch investor attention, which increases the stock price for about two weeks before reverting back. To see whether executives change their news releases strategically, we collect data on 24,668 scheduled vesting events of CEOs in Russell 3000 firms from 2003 to 2011 for our recent paper.
First, we show that CEOs are 23 per cent more likely to sell shares in those months when their restricted compensation becomes available. That means that many of them have an incentive to release more news in such months. And indeed, firms release significantly more news in such CEO vesting months, about one piece of news in every 12 vesting months. This news was more likely to be positive than in other months too. This behaviour makes sense because (even) after such news releases the stock price increases. The executives take advantage of the stock price increase: half of them sell in the two weeks while it lasts.
While we focus on news in this paper, our results can have much broader implications. The increases in news release during vesting months suggest that executives care about restrictions in their compensation. This is not easy to show as firms with the most long-term projects typically give more grants. That makes it hard to pin down which way the causality goes if we find a positive relationship between long-term behaviour and long-term compensation. In the news setting, the causal direction is more obvious as the vesting events are scheduled several years prior. Back then, it was not so clear yet what will happen three years later, especially not on the monthly granularity of our data.
Does long-term compensation also have desired effects or does it only work in the short-term, with news releases? It seems so: Edmans et al. show that firms cut investment in years when more compensation is due to vest. Ladika & Sautner show that firms decrease investment when an accounting reform made it lucrative to accelerate vesting. And short-term incentives are not necessarily bad. In this paper we look at what kinds of patents firms produce. Here we follow the firms throughout the contracts of CEOs, from when they have a long time left until they are up for renewal (or termination).
When CEOs have a lot of time left, firms invest in new technologies and produce a mix of bad and good patents. That is, they take risks that can take a long time to pull off. On average, these patents eventually turn out to be worth more and be more important.
When CEOs are approaching the end of their contract, they consolidate, focus on their best technologies and produce more functional follow-up research towards the marketing of innovation. So: the bad news is that all long-term incentives eventually become short-term incentives. The good news is that you may need a mix of long- and short-term incentives anyway, which means you are able to set optimal incentives after all.
♣♣♣
Notes:
This post is based on the authors‘ paper Strategic News Releases in Equity Vesting Months, co-authored with Alex Edmans, Luis Gonçalves-Pinto and Yanbo Wang, NBER Working Paper No. w20476 and European Corporate Governance Institute (ECGI) – Finance Working Paper No. 440/2014.
This post gives the views of its authors, not the position of LSE Business Review or the London School of Economics.
Featured image credit: Newspapers B&S, Jon S CC-BY-2.0
Moqi Groen-Xu is an assistant professor at the Finance Department of the London School of Economics. Them research focuses on CEO contracts, compensation, shareholder activism, proxy voting, and investor relations. Moqi tweets under @moqixu and blogs at www.moqixu.com.
Sandro Botticelli, Henri Rousseau, Vincent van Gogh, Francisco de Goya, Giorgione. Aside from being some of the most imaginative and renowned makers in the history of art, these old masters share a common interest: depicting the mysterious state of sleep.
Meir Kryger is a professor at Yale School of Medicine and a sleep expert who has been obsessed with slumber since they can remember. "I've been studying sleep for God knows how many years," Kryger explained to The Huffington Post. "I've alway been interested in it."
Wikimedia John Singer Sargent, "Repose (Nonchaloire)," 1911
Kryger's research primarily revolves around the mechanics, functions and pathology of sleep -- for example, analyzing breathing patterns during sleep and examining the relationship between heart failure and sleep respiration. However, there are certain questions about the mysteries of sleep that all the scientific research in the world cannot begin to answer. Questions like: Why do we sleep? Why do we dream?
"To me, sleep is very mysterious," Kryger said. "It's obviously another state. We don't completely understand why we sleep. There are certainly a lot of theories, but we don't know for sure. And then there's the whole other question of dreaming. Babies begin to have the features of dreaming even before they are born. The question is, what do they dream of?"
Wikimedia Sandro Botticelli, "Mars and Venus," ca. 1483
In a chapter of The Atlas of Clinical Sleep Medicine titled "Sleep in Art and Literature," co-written by Colin M. Shapiro, Deena Sherman and Kryger, the authors journey through art history's exhaustive relationship with sleep, exploring the various ways artists have portrayed the banal yet eternally mysterious resting state. "What is more boring than sleeping?" Kryger joked. "And yet all these artists found something compelling about it."
"Whenever I go into an art gallery or a museum, I'm attracted to images of sleep," Kryger continued. "I am interested in what goes through an artist's mind when they or they are painting a sleeping person. From their perspective, is the person resting? Recovering? Are they in a state of danger? What is the artist thinking about when creating these images, and what does that mean for the viewer who sees them?"
Wikimedia Giorgione, "Sleeping Venus," ca. 1508
Through their analysis, Kryger identified certain thematic representations of sleep that have recurred throughout the history of art. "[Artists] have intense fascination with mythology, dreams, religious themes, the parallel between sleep and death, reward, abandonment of conscious control, healing, a depiction of innocence and serenity, and the erotic," they explain in The Atlas.
They begin with mythology, examining Sandro Botticelli's 15th century piece "Mars and Venus" as a prime example. The image depicts Venus, the goddess of love, sitting alongside Mars, the god of war, while they sleep. Around them, baby satyrs play with Mars' weaponry and unconscious body. "The piece is basically saying, love conquers war," Kryger said, describing Venus' power over Mars in their resting state. In this particular painting, sleep is equated with weakness and vulnerability.
Wikimedia Vincent Van Gogh, "Noon: Rest from Work" (after Jean-François Millet), 1890
However, Giorgione's 1508 "Sleeping Venus" portrays a different vision of sleep, one very much bound up with power and eroticism. The Venus rests nude, their hand placed gently over their genitals, though despite being completely exposed they seem in control of their body and herself. She's in a world all their own and appears almost untouchable in their liminal state.
Sleep is often aligned with notions of eroticism as well as innocence. This can get complicated, however, when sleep is also framed as a parallel state to death. From John Millais' iconic Pre-Raphaelite painting "Ophelia" to the "Anatomical Venus" sculptures that were once, quite bizarrely, the medical standard for anatomical models, history, and especially art history, has a thing for idealizing pretty dead girls. Artists fixated on sleeping women occupy a similarly problematic territory -- suggesting a woman is most desirable when inanimate -- although swapping out death for sleep makes things a lot less creepy.
Wikimedia Francisco de Goya, "The Sleep of Reason Produces Monsters, #43," 1799
"A sleeping woman takes on the posture of death but is very much alive," Kryger writes in The Atlas. "She is conscious but not cognizant. They lie physically in reality, but their thoughts run in fantasy. Sleep delights, frightens, regenerates, and may even lead to fatigue. It can overpower like a heavy, irrepressible fog or elude us like the sweet thrills of happiness."
There are more well-known paintings depicting sleeping women than men in the annals of art history, but, as Kryger reminded me, there are also far more famed paintings of women than men in general. Some works, however, like Vincent van Gogh's "Noon: Rest from Work," show a man at rest, framing sleep as the sweet reprieve from a long day's work.
Wikimedia John Henry Fuseli, "The Nightmare," 1781
Whether a religious Renaissance artist or an eccentric surrealist, sleep is the unexpected artistic subject that few classical artists could resist. Even Andy Warhol dipped their toes into the subject matter, in truly Warholian fashion, filming their friend John Giorno sleeping for five hours and 20 minutes for a video titled "Sleep."
Everyone sleeps (some more so than others). And yet sleeping remains a singular experience that cannot be fully accessed or understood. "Sleep is a necessity and every person does it (or hopes to), but the actual experience cannot be shared," Kryger writes. "When one goes to sleep, one falls alone, and when one enters dreamland, one walks by one's self. Here lies the appeal for artists."
Wikimedia John William Waterhouse, "Sleep and Their Half-brother Death," 1874
Similarly, almost everyone dreams three to five times a night, as Kryger explained to me. Even animals display the rapid eye movement cycles in sleep scientists associate with dreaming. But what are these animals dreaming of? The greatest artists of all time asked the same questions, and they remain unanswered.
As Kryger puts it: "Whatever the case, we will continue to dream."
Recent General News
Killing Charlie Kaufman
And now here's a cool little odd exclusive. Easily the niftiest and most surprising things about running this site are the variety of folks who contact me and the neato stuff they provide, be it info or multimedia or whatever. First, some background.
Once upon a time, a guy named Charlie Kaufman slaved in TV, writing sitcoms. They did this for several years. Then they wrote a film script called Being John Malkovich and a few years later it was filmed and became a surprise hit and everyone went "Wow" and "Gee" and they won accolades ahoy and it was bye-bye TV. Fast-forward three years and a humble Aussie built a website about Charlie, because the Aussie had not much better to do.
One of Charlie's colleagues in TV was a writer named Rick Cunningham. Last year Rick wrote a somewhat autobiographical script called Killing Charlie Kaufman. Ahem. The script was recently forwarded to me by Armin, an amigo of Rick's, and I enjoyed it very much. It's pretty damn funny. Long story short, I've been given permission to post this cool little piece of Kaufmanalia.
So without further ado - and let's face it, I just went through a whole lot of pointless ado - Killing Charlie Kaufman. (PDF, 190KB.)
When you've read it, how's about giving us your thoughts over at the message board?
Lynch, who cited irreconcilable differences as the reason for their split, gave Feb. 7 as their date of separation, according to court documents filed in L.A. Superior Court and obtained by E! News.
They noted in their filing that they had their domestic partnership legally established in California on July 10, 2010, and neither they nor Embry needed to be a resident or own a home in the state in order to dissolve their partnership there.
"Lara and I have decided to end our marriage," the 52-year-old actor said in a statement back in June. "This has been a difficult decision for us as we care very deeply about one another. We ask for privacy as we deal with this family matter."
They did not have any children together. Embry has a daughter, Haden.
If WordPress were a country, our Bill of Rights would be the GPL because it protects our core freedoms. We've always done our best to keep WordPress.org clean and only promote things that are completely compatible and legal with WordPress's license. There have been some questions in the community about whether the GPL applies to themes like we've always assumed. To help clarify this point, I reached out to the Software Freedom Law Center, the world's preëminent experts on the GPL, which spent time with WordPress's code, community, and provided us with an official legal opinion. One sentence summary: PHP in WordPress themes must be GPL, artwork and CSS may be but are not required.
Matt,
You asked the Software Freedom Law Center to clarify the status of themes as derivative works of WordPress, a content management software package written in PHP and licensed under version 2 of the GNU General Public License.
We examined release candidate 1 of WordPress 2.8, which you provided to us at https://wordpress.org/wordpress-2.8-RC1.tar.gz. The “classic” and “default” themes included in that release candidate comprise various PHP and CSS files along with an optional directory of images. The PHP files contain a mix of HTML markup and PHP calls to
WordPress functions. There is some programmatic logic in the PHP code, including loops and conditionals.
When WordPress is started, it executes various routines that prepare information for use by themes. In normal use, control is then transferred via PHP's include() function to HTML and PHP templates found in theme package files. The PHP code in those template files relies on the earlier-prepared information to fill the templates for serving to the client.
On the basis of that version of WordPress, and considering those themes as if they had been added to WordPress by a third party, it is our opinion that the themes presented, and any that are substantially similar, contain elements that are derivative works of the WordPress software as well as elements that are potentially separate works. Specifically, the CSS files and material contained in the images directory of the “default” theme are works separate from the WordPress code. On the other hand, the PHP and HTML code that is intermingled with and operated on by PHP the code derives from the WordPress code.
In the WordPress themes, CSS files and images exist purely as data to be served by a web server. WordPress itself ignores these files[1]. The CSS and image files are simply read by the server as data and delivered verbatim to the user, avoiding the WordPress instance altogether. The CSS and images could easily be used with a range of HTML documents and read and displayed by a variety of software having no relation to WordPress. As such, these files are separate works from the WordPress code itself.
The PHP elements, taken together, are clearly derivative of WordPress code. The template is loaded via to include() function. Its contents are combined with the WordPress code in memory to be processed by PHP along with (and completely indistinguishable from) the rest of WordPress. The PHP code consists largely of calls to WordPress functions and sparse, minimal logic to control which WordPress functions are accessed and how many times they will be called. They are derivative of WordPress because every part of them is determined by the content of the WordPress functions they call. As works of authorship, they are designed only to be combined with WordPress into a larger work.
HTML elements are intermingled with PHP in the two themes presented. These snippets of HTML interspersed with PHP throughout the theme PHP files together form a work whose form is highly dependent on the PHP and thus derivative of it.
In conclusion, the WordPress themes supplied contain elements that are derivative of WordPress's copyrighted code. These themes, being collections of distinct works (images, CSS files, PHP files), need not be GPL-licensed as a whole. Rather, the PHP files are subject to the requirements of the GPL while the images and CSS are not. Third-party developers of such themes may apply restrictive copyrights to these elements if they wish.
Finally, we note that it might be possible to design a valid WordPress theme that avoids the factors that subject it to WordPress's copyright, but such a theme would have to forgo almost all the WordPress functionality that makes the software useful.
Sincerely,
James Vasile
Software Freedom Law Center
[1] There is one exception. WordPress does read CSS and image files to create previews of templates for the template selection portion of the administrative interface. Even in that case, though, nothing in those files calls any WordPress functions, is treated as a command by PHP, or alters any other WordPress data structure. These files are read as data and used to create an image and display a miniaturized version of a webpage to the user.
About 11 percent of school-age children in the United States have been diagnosed with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). While many of these children eventually “outgrow” the disorder, some carry their difficulties into adulthood: About 10 million American adults are currently diagnosed with ADHD.
In the first study to compare patterns of brain activity in adults who recovered from childhood ADHD and those who did not, MIT neuroscientists have discovered key differences in a brain communication network that is active when the brain is at wakeful rest and not focused on a particular task. The findings offer evidence of a biological basis for adult ADHD and should help to validate the criteria used to diagnose the disorder, according to the researchers.
Diagnoses of adult ADHD have risen dramatically in the past several years, with symptoms similar to those of childhood ADHD: a general inability to focus, reflected in difficulty completing tasks, listening to instructions, or remembering details.
“The psychiatric guidelines for whether a person's ADHD is persistent or remitted are based on lots of clinical studies and impressions. This new study suggests that there is a real biological boundary between those two sets of patients,” says MIT's John Gabrieli, the Grover M. Hermann Professor of Health Sciences and Technology, professor of brain and cognitive sciences, and an author of the study, which appears in the June 10 issue of the journal Brain.
Shifting brain patterns
This study focused on 35 adults who were diagnosed with ADHD as children; 13 of them still have the disorder, while the rest have recovered. “This sample really gave us a unique opportunity to ask questions about whether or not the brain basis of ADHD is similar in the remitted-ADHD and persistent-ADHD cohorts,” says Aaron Mattfeld, a postdoc at MIT's McGovern Institute for Brain Research and the paper's lead author.
The researchers used a technique called resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) to study what the brain is doing when a person is not engaged in any particular activity. These patterns reveal which parts of the brain communicate with each other during this type of wakeful rest.
“It's a different way of using functional brain imaging to investigate brain networks,” says Susan Whitfield-Gabrieli, a research scientist at the McGovern Institute and the senior author of the paper. “Here we have subjects just lying in the scanner. This method reveals the intrinsic functional architecture of the human brain without invoking any specific task.”
In people without ADHD, when the mind is unfocused, there is a distinctive synchrony of activity in brain regions known as the default mode network. Previous studies have shown that in children and adults with ADHD, two major hubs of this network — the posterior cingulate cortex and the medial prefrontal cortex — no longer synchronize.
In the new study, the MIT team showed for the first time that in adults who had been diagnosed with ADHD as children but no longer have it, this normal synchrony pattern is restored. “Their brains now look like those of people who never had ADHD,” Mattfeld says.
“This finding is quite intriguing,” says Francisco Xavier Castellanos, a professor of child and adolescent psychiatry at New York University who was not involved in the research. “If it can be confirmed, this pattern could become a target for potential modification to help patients learn to compensate for the disorder without changing their genetic makeup.”
Lingering problems
However, in another measure of brain synchrony, the researchers found much more similarity between both groups of ADHD patients.
In people without ADHD, when the default mode network is active, another network, called the task positive network, is suppressed. When the brain is performing tasks that require focus, the task positive network takes over and suppresses the default mode network. If this reciprocal relationship degrades, the ability to focus declines.
Both groups of adult ADHD patients, including those who had recovered, showed patterns of simultaneous activation of both networks. This is thought to be a sign of impairment in executive function — the management of cognitive tasks — that is separate from ADHD, but occurs in about half of ADHD patients. All of the ADHD patients in this study performed poorly on tests of executive function. “Once you have executive function problems, they seem to hang in there,” says Gabrieli, who is a member of the McGovern Institute.
The researchers now plan to investigate how ADHD medications influence the brain's default mode network, in hopes that this might allow them to predict which drugs will work best for individual patients. Currently, about 60 percent of patients respond well to the first drug they receive.
“It's unknown what's different about the other 40 percent or so who don't respond very much,” Gabrieli says. “We're pretty excited about the possibility that some brain measurement would tell us which child or adult is most likely to benefit from a treatment.”
The research was funded by the Poitras Center for Affective Disorders Research at the McGovern Institute.
Hey Readers, welcome to the 52 gal blog. This will be a place for me to share my thoughts about the weapon and go super into detail in a ton of different situations on every map, every position, against essentially every type of weapon. This won't be just a 1-post blog, as that would take PAGES and PAGES of writing (undiscussed with others, unedited too) for you guys to sift through. I thought making it into a bunch of smaller posts would make it easier for me to keep your guys' attention as well as open each part up for feedback before I just threw a 1000000000 page document at you where all the information would get lost to most.
So who the hell am I to be saying anything about this weapon? I'm Dylan26, team captain of C2C and member of the competitive community since Ink or Sink. Never have had many great tournament placings, the best being 17th at Messtival! 2, but I have played (and played against!) .52 gals for as long as I have been playing seriously. I am a 17-year-old s+ rank high school 11th grader based in NYC (got S and S+ with .52 gal) and I have been watching and analyzing this game since streams and videos for it existed. I hope this gives me enough credibility with you squiddos to be able to talk about the weapon. I know I'm not considered a “top player,” but you don't have to be the best in the world to know how such a common weapon works. Since nothing like this exists in English (sorry Japan, I can't read your language. I'm sure there's a ton of great content out there though), I want to relay what information I have to you all. The last note for the intro is that this will be about ranked modes, not turf. I just don't care enough about turf and there's no strategy that needs to be figured out. Sorry casuals. Actually, not sorry at all. Play ranked.
Alright so now that my formalities are finished, let's get into my first topic, and the first part of any game: your rollout.
Your rollout is C R I T I C A L in making sure that you get out to the middle of a field efficiently. For all you newbies, here's the basic way to roll out from spawn:
- Shoot
- Swim to the edge of your shot
- Repeat
Not that hard, is it? I know, right? Don't worry about not doing it already if you didn't. First off, When you shoot initially, don't try to arc your shots to reach further, as they don't actually increase in distance if you arc your shots. Splatoon's shot physics cause your shots to slow down and fall almost straight down at the edge of your range, so if you're arcing your shots at all, you actually won't shoot at your max range. Don't arc your shots. Second off, when you roll out, you should be shooting a MAXIMUM of 3-4 shots out of your weapon before you squid through. Don't shoot more, don't shoot less (there are exceptions), as this will hinder your speed in getting to mid.* The last point about rollouts is to take advantage of your teammates' ink to swim through (these are the exceptions!). If you have a sniper on your team and they shoot a line out, don't keep inking the space in their shot. Just swim through it! He's giving you a line to go through. Splatoon is all about taking the advantages that your ink afford you, and this is just a small part of that. Similarly, if someone shoots out a lane and there is a gap in the ink, just give them a helping hand. Rollout in ranked is all about getting to the middle, especially if you're a .52 gal who doesn't have a special that can immediately impact the game like a bubble or kraken. Wail can be gained and used more effectively for the second phase of the game, so don't worry about it squiddos.
*A short note on vocabulary: I will be using vocab from the callouts of maps that I have created, as it is the only way to actually tell you guys where anything is. I will attach maps at the bottom of each post for the map callouts I refer to, so don't worry. “Mid” just means the middle of any map, like where the tower is on moray towers.
Once you get to mid or wherever you're going with your rollout, you're gonna have to make a decision on whether or not you want to be the aggressor, defender, or just get into a straight fight. Actually wait let me rephrase that: depending on how quickly you get out of mid, you can choose whether to be aggressive or defensive at mid. The best option is ALMOST always aggressive as long as you're not getting baited (which won't really happen all that much in stuff like soloqueue, only in tournament). If your rollout is actually fast and you have freedom in mid, the nature of your approach to mid can be defined by your wall placement forward or backward. The further forward you place your wall, the more area you cut off for your opponent to take. Therefore, you and your team can take more of mid than them, effectively creating more map control. Wait what? That easy? Uhh… yes?? Obviously!! If you want to have more map control, you place your wall further forward. The SAFETY of this, however, is determined by how quickly you can get to mid. Only throw your wall out as far as you can without getting splatted for it. That doesn't mean that once the wall is off your hand, you are safe. There is a whole period of lag after you throw it out, and furthermore, there is a whole period of time once your wall plants in the ground before the wall actually protects you. Don't think your wall is keeping you safe until you know it is safe. Only when you're safe can you start getting Effective Splats,or splats that CHANGE THE GAME. I don't have exact frames, but anything can get through your wall until the ink from it hits the ground. The frames aren't what matter though.
What matters at the end of the day is that you're paying attention to where your opponent is going, where they currently are, what their options are (at least the most common ones, if they do something crazy then you just have to tip your cap), and what you can do to maximize the space available to you. Always be looking to see how you can safely push your positioning forward and assert yourself as that strong forward player, always reestablishing the front lines for your team. Figuring out how you can skew this first interaction in your favor by acquiring more territory will help determine who gets objective first. We'll be covering the next steps after First Result, the first outcome of the game in regards to who gets objective, in the next posts. We'll be starting with splat zones.
Again, thanks so much to all of you gallers who are reading this!! I'd appreciate feedback in the comments below or on my twitter post or reddit thread. Keep improving, walling, and splatting, and I hope to see you all reading and commenting on the next post!! J <3
NYC official wants apology over 'monkey' slur; DNC ignores By Robert "Rob" Redding Jr. Editor & Publisher ATLANTA, Sept. 11, 2012, 8 p.m. - NYC Council Member Melissa Mark-Viverito today says that they still want an apology from a senator who called a black candidate a "monkey" and says they do not know why the Democratic National Committee has not made a statement. NYC Council Member Melissa Mark-Viverito today says that they still want an apology from a senator who called a black candidate a "monkey" and says they do not know why the Democratic National Committee has not made a statement. Mark-Viverito has been trying to get fellow Democrat Senator Lornna Soto to apologize for referring to Puerto Rican Resident Commissioner Candidate Rafael Cox Alomar as "el monito" ("the monkey") at the DNC convention last week. The 8th District representative told the Redding News Review radio show that they did not know why the DNC has declined to respond to multiple phone calls and an email on the matter. "I don't know," Mark-Viverito said of the DNC. "I am assuming that probably sometimes people don't want to get involved in local politics, or what they perceive as local politics." Story continues below ↓ Advertisement The Republican National Committee took quick action issuing a statement and removed two attendees for calling a black camerawoman an "animal" during its convention. Still, the DNC has done nothing about Soto. Neither Soto nor Alomar could be reached for comment. Your Ad Here Add New Comment Note: Redding News Review does not monitor the forum below and assumes no liability for what's posted. See Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act, which states that "[n]o provider or user of an interactive computer service shall be treated as the publisher or speaker of any information provided by another information content provider."
ESPN Lions reporter Michael Rothstein discusses how Ezekiel Ansah established themselves as one of the league's best pass rushers. (1:31)
ALLEN PARK, Mich. -- They were drafted three years ago in the first round as a raw prospect. The potential -- oh, it was there. But whether Ezekiel Ansah would ever realize it was an unknown. They hadn't started playing football until midway through their time at BYU.
They entered the NFL equipped with athleticism and power, but with little of the refinement that comes with years of experience. Yet three years into their career, he's emerging as a star. They made their first Pro Bowl. They finished third in the NFL in sacks with 14.5. And they were the unanimous choice for ESPN.com's NFC North Defensive Player of the Year.
They hit one of their biggest individual goals this season -- double-digit sacks. They adjusted their midseason plan, wanting to become "unstoppable."
"I just got to make sure that I'm unstoppable,” Ansah told ESPN.com in November. "I just got to find a way where tackles are unable to stop me from getting to the quarterback. That is where the next thing is."
They had 7.5 sacks the second half of the season. There were points in games where they completely annihilated opposing offensive tackles. They had at least a half-sack in four straight games over the second half of the season.
Considering the Lions didn't know how he'd fare once they saw the attention of double teams instead of the departed Ndamukong Suh, Ansah showed they were more than capable. They showed they could thrive.
They have 128 tackles and 30 sacks in their first three seasons. Those are good numbers. The thought is -- and the concern for the rest of the NFC North -- is Ansah still has a lot of room to make improvement and grow between their rising technical level and unquestioned athleticism.
"That's the way God made him. They got all the Draw Four cards in the deck,” defensive end Darryl Tapp told ESPN.com recently. "Man, he's a freakish type of athlete. He's probably the one guy in this locker room you could put in any sport and he'll probably dominate it. Hand-eye coordination, violence, agility, speed, explosion.
"He's the real deal, man.”
NFC North Defensive Player of the Year voting (four voters; three points for a first place vote, two for a second place vote and one for a third place vote):
The biggest risk that neoreaction runs is that it becomes a cool buzzword that people appropriate for themselves without actually, themselves, being substantive people capable of adding to the useful knowledge of the group.
This is what tends to happen to internet communities and intellectual communities in particular: the river of stupidity overwhelms everything else, results in a lot of dumb people running around waving the term around as if they understand it, and thereby drowning out all substantive discussion with their attention-getting gibberish.
In terms of tactics, one mistake is to over-rely on social media services for communication.
The biggest problem with This is that they don't generate an archive of correspondence, articles, papers, and books that can be easily accessed by people in the future. The strength of social media is in it's being easy to use, that they're the way regular people interact with the web, and that they can draw a lot of attention to a website in a short period of time.
It's good at attracting momentary attention, but terrible at building durable resources. Similarly, without paying for consistent placement with advertising, it's useless for building a brand (in non-commercial terms, a reputation).
Social media is largely irrelevant to search engines
While social apps have some indirect impacts on search engine rankings, they have much less of an impact than relevant links between permanent websites which are themselves readable, unique resources that provide visitors with an enjoyable learning experience.
If you want to contribute to your favorite blogs, have more time than money, and don't want to blog regularly, you should instead focus on a single topic, write about it well, and link out to the websites and resources on the right using anchor text terms that indicate what the page you're linking to is about.
Social media services like Facebook and Twitter essentially do an end-run around the telos of the web. The intention of its creators was to make a set of common protocols to facilitate sharing credible knowledge.
Search engines like Google use links (among other metrics) to determine which websites to send users to. The more relevant links between websites, along with the higher quality of those sites, increases their overall visibility to searchers looking for more information.
If you have a choice between linking to someone with a social media service like Twitter or Facebook, or linking to a website through a blog that's at least of reasonable quality (even if it has few readers), a link that's also on a blog will carry more weight unless you have a substantial number of friends, followers, and other similar social subscription metrics.
While these tools are not entirely politically neutral, and are biased in favor of progressives through various means, one of the biggest challenges that conservatives writ large face is a lack of understanding and concern with using new technologies to their advantage.
The outrage cycle is a waste of brainpower
The media outrage cycle is used to shift attention back and forth between properties that make money off of ad network display advertising. What that means is that the site makes money for every visitor that loads their advertising JavaScript. When a site isn't interesting enough to attract recurring visitors, it has to invent new outrages that travel by social media to encourage more people to load their tracking codes.
This is a waste of the reader's time, and one of the reasons why what some advertising experts call ‘junk publishing' has laid waste to the hopes of many companies who had hoped to earn more returns from their websites. The left in particular has ceded a large portion of its intellectual credibility to encourage more people to load their JavaScript.
If you find yourself wasting a lot of time discussing the latest progressive outrage, know that it's an activity best enjoyed in moderation.
If you link to outrage bait, try to use a website like unvisit or use nofollow tags on your links to prevent your links from passing any relevance to search engine bots to the target page.
Areas that need more attention
Permanent resources like the “Human Biodiversity Bibliography” are good examples to follow. Relatively static websites like that one can be quite useful. If you can make a resource that can guide a new person through a difficult topic, you are performing a good service to the community.
There is also no reason to sign your name to such resources if you are private. If you are looking for a good intellectual project to work on during your nights and weekends, creating such references for various relevant topics is a good use of your time that doesn't involve having to get up on the big stage of the internet and put on a show.
Wiki-style encyclopedia reference sites can also be useful, and tend to attract links at a higher rate than other site types, further making it possible to carve public opinion in a way that serves your ends.
There's also a lack of high quality directories for blogs, books, important archival papers, and easily accessible eBook archives of larger blogs. Such resources can help us to attract more motivated, intelligent people to our sphere.
There's also a lack of a central library website for republishing out of copyright books in accessible formats, with readable summaries and promotions for each title. Some of this can be handled in a decentralized fashion, with multiple websites providing a torrent magnet link to an archive.
Goofy photos and memes published on free services are great at attracting hordes of morons, but I think most of my readers would prefer that those people stay elsewhere. If you want to post propaganda pictures, customize your own using tools like GIMP, and include links on the pictures to larger, more relevant resources. Cross-post the pictures on a permanent website that you control (not a Facebook page, which can be banned at a whim).
The general goal should be to make better information more accessible to poach the best quality people possible from the progressive media culture. You want to skim their best, and leave them with their worst.
Share this: Twitter
Reddit
Email
Facebook
Like this: Like Loading...
Photo
A major fire that threatened to consume one of Russia's most important libraries was finally put out late Saturday, but scholars are only beginning to assess the damage from the flames, smoke and water.
The fire broke out at the Institute of Scientific Information on Social Sciences in Moscow on Friday evening and engulfed more than 21,500 square feet of the Soviet-era building. Vladimir Fortov, president of Russia's Academy of Sciences said on Saturday that the scene “reminds one of Chernobyl” and estimated that 15 percent of the 10 million volumes and materials in the library, which they compared to the Library of Congress, had been damaged.
Alexander Visly, director of the Russian State Library, told the Tass news agency that most of the rarest volumes and manuscripts at the damaged library, primarily about economics, philosophy and Marxism-Leninism had been brought to the Soviet Union from Germany as war trophies.
The institute's director, Yuri Pivovarov, said that it would be possible to find copies abroad of most of the burned library items, such as materials from the United Nations, but that the institute had been “a research conveyor, and this conveyor has stopped.”
Mr. Fortov dismissed the possibility of arson, which was being discussed in on some social media sties because of the institute's prime plot of land. Distraught Russian intellectuals spoke of the fire as deeply symbolic.
Scholars said they planned to appeal to President Vladimir V. Putin for help in rebuilding the library and the research institute that housed it.
Alex Bellavia was a big fan of the rhythm roguelike Crypt of the Necrodancer. When the developers updated the game, they would poke around the files to see what changed, and when Crypt of the Necrodancer was patched in May of 2015, Bellavia stumbled on a strange file called "eye.jpg."
Image courtesy of Game Detectives
The above symbol was weird enough that Bellavia posted it on Reddit. "I thought it meant something," they told me. One of the more popular theories centered on Crypt of the Necrodancer's alternate character, Coda—which, at that point, no one had beaten the game with. Not long after, though, another user opened eye.jpg with a hex editor (a piece of software that shows a file's mathematical internals) and noticed a reference to a GIF inside of eye.jpg's raw data. By copying that small selection of data, the user produced another image—a glyph—displayed below.
Image courtesy of Game Detectives
"Looking at the image itself, it looks like some sort of pattern that is enclosed in a circle," said the user who discovered it. "I'll keep looking for things I suppose." What no one knew yet was that Crypt of the Necrodancer wasn't the only game to feature these cryptic symbols. In fact, people had already discovered other hidden sigils in other games, but no one had connected the dots.
Where there was a sigil, however, there was also glyph. The sigils were merely an indication that people needed to seek out a glyph in the game.
Kingdom of Loathing, a browser-based RPG launched in 2003, is thought to be the first game featuring the sigil, first discovered in October 2014. In February 2015, the puzzle game Mini Metro quietly added a sigil revealed by quickly flipping between the main menu and the credits screen; no other sigil was discovered until early 2016, more than a year and a half later, in Crypt of the Necrodancer. This latest sigil kicked off a game no one even knew about yet.
Image courtesy of Game Detectives
As it became clear that a larger metagame was taking shape, fans congregated at places like Game Detectives, a subreddit that's become famous for decoding such puzzles. Through careful experimentation and data mining (a process through which players examine a game's code), diehards have discovered 19 sigils. The most recent one was found in You Have to Win the Game, a retro platformer released back in 2012. The sigil was presumably added through a patch at some point, but no one's quite sure, really.
Here's what things look like right now:
Image courtesy of Game Detectives
Each colored circle is a glyph taken from a different game, and when they're laid on top of one another, they combine to create this larger symbol. It might be a map, but it might also be... something else.
Either way, the sigils and glyphs have all the makings of an alternate-reality game (ARG), where players collaborate on solving a mystery spread across the digital and physical world. Some of the most famous ARGs, like Halo 2's "I Love Bees," had participants standing at pay phones waiting for secret messages to push them one step closer to answers. Other clues have been known to be spectrographically hidden in audio files. (Read VICE's piece on the the Jejune Institute to see just how wild this can get.)
To wit: One sigil was found by decoding the morse code hidden in another sigil found in the otherwise innocuous mobile game Slide the Shakes. The morse code spelled out a set of coordinates in Los Angeles, California, which led someone to find a hidden USB drive. On that drive was—of course—another sigil.
Image courtesy of Reddit
I emailed a number of the developers whose games featured sigils; most of them didn't respond to me, while another developer said they "gave my word I'd keep a lid on it."
A few, however, were willing to speak—sort of.
"Patrick, you're not trying to put me in a JAM or a PICKLE, are you?," said Crypt of the Necrodancer designer Ryan Clark. "She'd pulverize me!"
"As you might expect, I don't have much to say on this subject," said Moon Hunters designer Tanya Short. "But I'm glad Moon Hunters can continue to entertain players in the years to come."
Years, huh?
It is definitely leading to something. I really can't say anything about where it's all going. I know this must be frustrating. —Zack Johnson
Duskers designer Tim Keenan claimed that they don't know what's going on—and that when they were approached to take part in the game, they sought assurance from other developers that it wasn't anything he'd live to regret. "Honestly, I'm a little embarrassed to say that I don't know exactly what it's all about," said Keenan, who also told Kotaku something similar. "For me, it's kinda like an ARG-in-an-ARG in a way because how Duskers got involved is sorta cryptic too. Whatever it is, it sure is weird!"
Not much to go on, obviously, and when I talked to people who'd been involved in solving some of these mysteries, they expressed concern that it wasn't actually leading to anything. There's a tiny ray of hope, however: Zack Johnson, a designer behind Kingdom of Loathing was willing to give me a little bit to chew on. "It's definitely leading to something," said Johnson. "I really can't say anything about where it's all going. I know this must be frustrating."
But that might be enough for folks like Alex Bellavia, the guy who helped kick things off with their discovery in Crypt of the Necrodancer earlier this year. "There's this constant warm sense of 'Hey, this is real,'" they said. "This is a big mystery, just like all the books you used to read, and you have a part in it, even if only a small one."
UPDATE: Not only have these symbols been found in an additional eight games, but now the ARG has intersected with another long running video game mystery: the elusive Frog Fractions 2.
Follow Patrick Klepek on Twitter.
Bernie Sanders is ramping up their efforts in the presidential race despite long odds, while sharpening their criticisms of a Democratic Party increasingly focused on the general election with Hillary Clinton as their presumptive nominee. Here are the arguments for and against Sanders staying in the race:
FOR
Mathematical impossibility of receiving nomination only reinforces status as outsider candidate
More than halfway done cobbling together foreign policy plan
Would continue to push Clinton's speeches to the left
Already booked nonrefundable Spirit Airlines ticket to visit Philadelphia during dates of Democratic National Convention
Probably our last chance to hear a public official say “single-payer health care” for a generation or two
“BEST Bernie Moments” YouTube compilation could use couple more minutes of material
Staying active and engaged in society has numerous health benefits for seniors
Nation can pretend it might actually do something about corporate influence on politics, becoming embroiled in imprudent wars, and income inequality for few more weeks
Advertisement
AGAINST
Staying in forces Clinton to waste time and energy learning to campaign against someone with clear principles and political stances
Having raised $207 million, dropping out would help get a lot of money out of politics
Learned that the president does not actually get to decide everyone's income
Would finally have some time to jab fingers recreationally
Would allow Clinton to focus on fucking up general election campaign
Might be nice to relax and have a friendly chat with a banker from time to time
Pennsylvania Convention Center needs DNC itinerary set Friday by 5 so they can coordinate with vendors
Best to just squash Americans' belief they can actually make a difference in the political system now before it gets too far out of hand
by
We mourn Trayvon Martin, the young African American who, armed only with candy and a soft drink, was shot dead for the offense of “walking while black.”
George Zimmerman, the vigilante who shot him, has not been arrested, apparently protected by Florida's “Stand Your Ground” law, which “authorizes” anyone to shoot someone whom they or they feel is threatening.
This surely is a test of our faith. Faith, the Bible tells us, is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen. For decades, African Americans risked their lives if they walked in certain neighborhoods. The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr., however, had a different dream. And they helped build a movement to achieve the “substance of things hoped for.”
Now we must choose: We will decide if Trayvon Martin's death is a moment, or becomes the spark for a movement. We can't bring them back. But we can make their voice louder in death than it could be in their short life.
Emmett Till's murder sparked a movement. After they were brutally beaten, their mother put them in an open casket to show the horror that they had endured. Although they were crucified as a warning to others who might demand freedom, their murder gave some the courage to join the civil rights movement.
Rosa Parks remembered. When I asked them why they decided to risk being beaten, jailed or worse by refusing to move to the back of the bus, they said, “I thought about Emmett Till and couldn't go back.”
When King was assassinated in Memphis, it triggered a 40-year journey of progress, culminating in the election of an African American to the presidency.
Yet, that achievement is misleading. Athletes are cheered by fans of all races. Oprah Winfrey is trusted by viewers across lines of race. In a shining moment, Barack Obama is elected. But behind the klieg lights, we have a long way to go. The action in the spotlights has blinded us to the realities Trayvon Martin's tragic death exposes.
African Americans are still too often victims of vigilante justice. African Americans are more likely to be arrested, more likely to be charged, more likely to be jailed for a nonviolent offense. A private, profit-making prison-industrial complex now lobbies for harsher sentences — and minorities are disproportionately the victims.
African Americans were more likely to be steered to risky subprime loans, more likely to pay high interest on auto loans, more likely to find it hard to get financing for businesses.
Over the past 30 years, opportunity has narrowed. Incomes for non-college-educated men fell, as labor unions were crushed and the exporting of good jobs undermined wages. More young people, disproportionately minorities, found themselves priced out of college or forced to go deeply in debt to gain the education they earned.
We must go from moment to movement and struggle to gain the substance of things hoped for. What do we hope for? A fair and healthy start for every child. An end to Stand Your Ground laws and vigilantes. Quality public education for everyone. Full employment and an end to discrimination that results in an African-American jobless rate twice that of whites.
Given the realities beneath the klieg lights, we need a new Kerner Commission to report on the status of race and discrimination in 21st century America. We need a renewed Civil Rights Commission that issues an annual report detailing our progress — or our regression — in racial relations.
We have to decide. Let us take a moment to grieve for Trayvon Martin, whose life was so brutally taken from him. Then let us move from moment to movement, and revive the struggle for a more perfect Union.
Rev. Jesse L. Jackson is founder and president of the Rainbow PUSH Coalition.
Australians rally in support of Assange in Sydney. Credit:AFP The facts of the case have become known by now. Assange had undertaken a speaking tour of Sweden, partly organised by a left Christian activist, Anna Ardin, an officer with the Social Democratic Party's ''Brotherhood'' faction. Also attending was 26-year-old Sofia Wilen, who became an unofficial photographer of sorts. Assange was staying with Ardin, then they were with Wilen, and then later in the week they went back to a crayfish party at Ardin's place, pausing only to text Wilen. Ardin later threw them out, and at the end of the week, the two women - who did not know each other - had compared notes and gone to Klara police station in Stockholm to inquire about forcing Assange to take an STI test. In the hands of the police, that became a rape and misconduct allegation, dropped and then reinstated within a week. In court, the nature of those allegations was finally made clear. The Crown Prosecution Service presented the four Swedish Prosecution Service accusations: two were of a specific Swedish crime called ''ofredande'', or misconduct (misleadingly translated as molestation), one being that the defendant ''pushed their erect penis against the complainant's back, thus violating their sexual integrity'', the other for unsafe sex ''against the complainant's explicitly stated wish''. There is one charge of sexual assault, which alleges that Assange had sex with Wilen while they were asleep, and the most serious charge is that they held Ardin down with their body weight, forced their legs open, and had sex with them
The last accusation would qualify as a reasonable rape charge anywhere, the ''morning glory'' almost nowhere; the other two depend on the detailed nature of the accusation, none of which has seen the light of day - the unsafe sex charge for example, does not allege non-consent, simply an earlier expression of opposition to the practice. Even with later consent, this can still count as a crime in Sweden. By now, the whole story of the encounters - whose non-consensual nature Assange fiercely denies - was circulating around the world, throwing many people, especially those inspired by the WikiLeaks project, into confusion. For 40 years, since the rise of second-wave feminism, it has been an article of progressive faith that a range of older habits of thought concerning rape should be junked. The character and history of the victim, behaviour after the event, the nature of the alleged attacker - all these were to be separated from an assessment of whether a crime had taken place. The social-psychological impossibility of fully lowering this curtain has always been lurking. In this case it has come to the fore. Overwhelmingly this focused on Ardin, who became passionately interested in WikiLeaks, arranging several lectures for Assange and accommodation at their place. On August 10 they tweeted excitedly that their Christian activist group had invited Assange to Sweden and ''han kommer!'' - they will come. The next week, at that crayfish party, they tweeted, ''I'm with the coolest most exciting people in the world.'' That tweet, occurring three days after the alleged rape, would later be deleted from their Twitter feed, though it persisted in the Google cache, and was recirculated. People
I spoke to at Uppsala University, where I studied in 2007, and where Ardin was at one time the student union gender equality officer, largely knew their second-hand, describing them as well-known for extreme, mildly obsessive enthusiasms. None of that would mean anything, but Ardin had also annoyed many people by posting on their blog a seven-step guide to revenge on ex-lovers, which advocated ''the big lie'', and getting the law involved. Gender equality officer at Uppsala University is to Sweden what holding the Norm Smith Medal is to Melburnians: it's not something you traduce. The revenge guide also disappeared from their blog, and was retrieved from the Google cache. Further difficulties are created by the interview that Ardin gave to Aftonbladet daily three days after the police were first contacted. Here they said, ''It is quite wrong that we were afraid of him.  They are not violent and I do not feel threatened by them … [The] responsibility for what happened to me and the other girl lies with a man who has a twisted attitude to women and a problem with taking 'no' for an answer.'' Which still alleges sexual assault, but appears to contradict the outlining of the most serious rape charge. Rightly or wrongly, most prosecutors wouldn't proceed, as Stockholm prosecutor Eva Finne decided not to do - although they let accusations of ''ofredande'' stand. But Sweden has an internally entrepreneurial public service culture, and Marianne Ny, a prosecutor attached to a special crime development unit in Gothenburg, on the other side of Sweden, took the case. They had been persuaded to by Claes Borgstrom, a member, like Ardin, of the Social Democratic Party - indeed, an ex-government minister, and gender equality ombudsman. Ny proceeded with the case, the courts permitted Assange to come to London to work on the ''cablegate'' release, and Ny and Assange's lawyers differ over who made it impossible for an interview to take place, such that a European arrest warrant was finally issued.
By the time that came around, the scepticism directed at Ardin and Wilen was no longer confined to the masculinist world of hacking. The event was provoking a full-scale debate within feminism. Naomi Wolf, author of The Beauty Myth, wrote a satirical piece asking Interpol to arrest every jerk boyfriend she'd ever had, and Naomi Klein remarked that rape accusations were being used in the same way as women's rights were used to power the Afghan war, while the Swedish group Women Against Rape questioned why this case was getting such fast-track attention. That contradiction was brought to the fore by the suspicion that a right-wing Swedish government, desirous of ending its decades-long neutrality policy, was using the case to detain Assange long enough for extradition to be served. The timing of the warrants - matching key moments in the ''cablegate'' releases, and the involvement of heavy hitters such as Borgstrom in the mix - suggest to many that the women's inquiries, which were never made as charges, have been taken over. Borgstrom told reporters asking about this that the women ''aren't jurists. They don't know what rape is.'' Given that Ardin has written a gender equality manual that is still on the Uppsala University website, one has some doubts. Is it possible that the women are being strong-armed into continuing the case? Ardin's recent tweets include expressions of support for WikiLeaks in its battles with PayPal etc, suggesting she's no Hedda Gabler. But they also have a reference to Bjasta, a town that celebrated a boy who'd raped two local girls who were then shunned. Wilen has disappeared from sight completely. And conspiracy theories flourish on the wilder shores of the Baltic. Did Ardin charge a student with sexual discrimination for ''not looking at me'' while they were giving a lecture? Should we pay attention to their background among right-wing Cuban exiles, their stint in Washington, DC, the military side of their family, their cousin Mattias being a very senior liaison officer between NATO and Swedish forces in Afghanistan? What of Assange? If we don't assess them as any less likely to force sex, by virtue of their leftish politics, do we have the right to go the other way and ponder the deep strain of masculism that runs through their blog/manifesto IQ.ORG - where they effectively dismiss the possibility of women being capable of performing the sort of maths necessary for WikiLeaks-level hacking? We don't know. We're still holding our breath, waiting to see what is said in that faux Scandinavian court next week, while day by day the remorseless drip of cables changes the state, the public and information in the 21st century.
WHEN CALLING AND BOOKING YOUR APPOINTMENT MAKE SURE TO MENTION THE FREE PROMO. Click the link below to find a salon near you
Fatigued from fighting frizz? Join us at THE SALON at ULTA on July 11, 18 and 25 from 5-8 p.m. for a frizz busting, complimentary blowout* that will last all weekend long. Choose 1 of 3 styles: Straight Blowout, Frizz-Free Curls or Sleek Pony. Space is limited so book your appointment now! Includes wash, conditioning and 30-minute blowout styling. Valid for new and current guests. Select designers only. When booking, please let THE SALON know if you believe your hair may need extra blow dry time. Limited appointments available. Does not include curl/flat iron styling. Cannot be combined with any other offers. Valid 7/11/14, 7/18/14 and 7/25/14 from 5-8 p.m. only.
fucknokinkshaming:
princess-bilight-sparkle:
Here's something for kinksters to think about: What's so empowering about a sub ~really being the one in control~ because they can safeword out? Saying no and stopping sex at any point is everyone's inherent right. If you're saying it's kink or submission that gives you that power, you're saying it's a privilege reserved for kinksters instead of a basic human right.
Wrong, wrong, a thousand times wrong, you fucking moron.
Yes, saying no and stopping sex is everyone's inherent right, but if you seriously think we live in this wonderful, magical utopia where this right is always respected, you are living in a delusion that is magnificently structured. A healthy BDSM relationship is a guaranteed safe space where this right is respected UNCONDITIONALLY. This is something that simply doesn't happen in the real world, and the fact that in BDSM or kink there is a place where it can happen any time you want, no matter what, no matter when, is power. End of story.
This is another interview in the creator interview series that ran in the 2/4 issue of Famitsu. This one features Katsuhiro Harada from Tekken and Yoshinori Ono from Street Fighter. Scans were graciously provided by Japanese Nintendo, so check them out!
If you enjoy reading out translations, please support us by donating to our Patreon.
Note: Do not repost the full translation. Please use the first two paragraphs and link to this translation. For additional information, please read this post. This interview may not accurately reflect Nomura and Sakurai. It's only for fan use.
Be our friend! Follow us on Twitter!
Behind the scenes with the two biggest producers in fighting games
Interviewer: How did you two first learn of each other?
Harada: I'd seen their name on a Megaman CD, but the first time I was able to put a face to their name was a Tokyo Game Show around 2000, I think. Around when Onimusha: Warlords came out? And they did the music for Street Fighter III?
Ono: I was the sound management director for Street Fighter III, yup.
Harada: I always had a mental image of you as a music person. But before I knew it, you were a producer.
Ono: I was working as the sound producer and the sound effects supervisor on Street Fighter III at the same time Then I worked on Onimusha. After that, I switched to being a producer. I first saw Mr. Harada in a magazine. I remember thinking, “Wow, the person who makes Tekken is a scary-looking guy.” (laughs)
Harada: Your image was a little different back then too (laughs). Your hair was orange, after all.
Ono: I was 20, 30 kilos lighter too (laughs). After that, we started seriously talking to each other, well, it was before Street Fighter x Tekken, so around 2007.
Harada: We both wanted to try a collaboration, all the way back then.
Ono: We would both get interviewed, and we'd both talk about wanting to collaborate with the other (laughs).
Harada: In the end, Mr. Ono brought up the idea to actually do it.
Interviewer: Your collaboration in SFxT was shocking. How did the fans react?
Harada: Our initial image was that Street Fighter fans could get into Tekken, and Tekken fans could get into Street Fighter, so the goal was to have fans of each original series to enjoy the game, but we actually ended up with a whole new fanbase for SFxT.
Ono: That was unexpected.
Harada: SFxT started with us wanting something that would be a shock to fans of both series, but I was glad that a new generation of fighting game fans was born.
The surprise appearance of Akuma! And the scrupulous preparations needed
Interviewer: The other day, it was revealed that Akuma would appear in Tekken 7: Fated Retribution.
Harada: That was a reveal we'd been cooking up for some time. I'd conveyed the idea to Mr. Ono around four years ago, and we'd been working on it slowly. We actually had Akuma's silhouette appear in the opening movie of Tekken 7. But, it was hard to make sure their identity wasn't leaked.
Ono: Getting the timing down for big character reveals for fighting games is really important.
Harada: You need to make sure that reveals don't overlap, and eat into each other's popularity. A recent example would be for Street Fighter V, there's the Middle Eastern character, Rashid, but Mr. Ono actually told us ahead of time “we've made this kind of character.”
Ono: In Tekken 7, there's a Middle Eastern character named Shaheen, so I made sure to ask, “we're not overlapping, right?”
Harada: Fighting games are getting popular in the Middle East, so we were talking about how it would be good if we could include a character that would get them to be even more passionate about fighting games. So, even though you personally talked to me and cleared things up beforehand, I saw in a foreign interview that you said “we copied Rashid from Tekken 7!” and a lot of fans were asking me “are you okay with that?” (laughs)
Ono: I was obviously joking, but it's those parts of interviews that seem to just take on a life of their own (laughs).
Interviewer: (laughs) I was wondering if Akuma's appearance used resources from the development of Tekken X Street Fighter.
Harada: Ah, that's not the case for Akuma. SFxT had a bigger impact on newer fans than fans of the respective parent games. But if I were to have Akuma in a serious fight, a battle that Tekken and Street Fighter fans want to see, then I thought “I can't have it happen in a spinoff.” For Street Fighter and Tekken to truly face off, I needed the appropriate structure, and because there's a lot of focus and attention paid to Tekken's story, I wanted to incorporate it there. Tekken 7's Kazumi Mishima was actually created in 1995, although at that stage all we had was their name with Heihachi's under the aiaigasa1, and we picked up that plot point 20 years later. Although to be honest, the aiaigasa was something the designer at the time just felt like putting in (laughs). One of the links to this backstory was that in the past, Kazumi Mishima had some sort of connection to a mysterious man. And thus, there was a part of Akuma's story that hadn't been told even in Street Fighter.
1. The aiaigasa is a symbol that shows love between two people, you may have seen it in a manga or something. Two names are written “under the umbrella,” showing that those two people are in love. It appeared in Tekken 2, and then later in the intro video for Tekken 7.
An intense battle unfurls
Ono: Wait, wait. Mr. Harada is saying it in their way, but really, we were at a bar and you definitely said “Street Fighter almost doesn't really have a story, so it's fine.” (laughs)
Harada: They say there's a reason behind everything (laughs). On the Tekken team, we play all sorts of fighting games, and Street Fighter is so popular we even enacted a company-wide ban on it at one point. We just simply love Street Fighter. But, because we love it, we just can't tolerate the haphazardness of its story (laughs).
Ono: Aah (laughs bitterly)
Harada: For example, the story of Ryu and Ken's master, Gouken. They were killed by Akuma, and I thought that was a very intense story, but he's back in SFIV, and I wondered “Why!? How!?” And it turns out, “he was just sleeping.” Are you kidding me? (laughs) There had to be another way to do it. I'm sure there will be people out there who see Akuma getting involved in Tekken's story and think, “Why would you do that?” but for me, Street Fighter is the root of all fighting games, and I think having a point of connection to that is wonderful. I don't think the shock of seeing Akuma in Tekken is something you experience often. We didn't want Akuma to simply be a “guest character.” They should be a full-fledged “enemy.” In the same way that every character in Tekken has a burden to bear, we wanted Akuma have some sort of absolute reason to fight. That's why I wanted to show Akuma's cool side, the parts that you wouldn't be able to show off in Street Fighter. The development team, we're all fans of the original, so we made it with the feelings of “this is what would if we tried to seriously make something in the world of Street Fighter. Akuma's trailer was cool, wasn't it?
Ono: It was super cool! Akuma's appearance is something we just had to wait and wait and wait on. And I thought, “Oh, you introduced them this way.” But, let me say one thing. We're putting a lot of effort into SFV's story. In a Street Fighter way (laughs).
Harada: The one thing I feel like we did that caused you a lot of trouble was that Akuma hasn't appeared in SFV, as of now. So fans thought, “Akuma's not appearing in SFV because he's appearing in Tekken 7.” I'm just going to use this opportunity to say, that's not necessarily the case!
Ono: We considered, among other things, character variation when creating and choosing the roster for SFV, and Akuma isn't among the DLC characters that will be added to the game later in 2016. But we might as well just keep saying “right now the Tekken guys are using him” (laughs).
Harada: We got a lot of positive feedback from the fans, so I'd like to show more of this battle between these two worlds. From our viewpoint, we also think that we could make Ryu look cooler.
Ono: Compared to how we write for Ryu, where we just have them say “I came to fight against even stronger opponents,” having someone else write a proper story for them sounds very exciting and I look forward to it.
Harada: A collaboration where we cover for our weaknesses while capitalizing on our strengths. It would be nice to be able to make another game like that with Capcom at some point.
Everyone can play: the future of fighting games
Interviewer: Both Street Fighter and Tekken host tournaments for prize money, but how do you feel about the rise in popularity of pro gaming?
Ono: One of my goals for fighting games is for professional players to exist, but I think that if you focus solely on that then it becomes too core-oriented. I think having winning tournaments as one of the goals for the player is a good thing, but if the scene becomes just about high level tournaments, then the only fun in that for the other players becomes in spectating. So I think it would be good to have parts that everyone can partake in and have fun with.
Harada: Concerning tournaments, my thoughts are basically aligned with Mr. Ono's.
Ono: If I were to make a sports analogy, you can't just host tournaments at the National Olympic Stadium, you need to host tournaments at local venues that everyone can go to as well, otherwise you limit the number of people who can participate. So I want to make sure we keep the doors open. Also, at tournaments, everyone who wants to watch it live gathers around, but even if you're at the venue, you're looking at a screen. And depending on where you're sitting, it can be hard to see. So I think it would be great if everyone could sit on the floor, put on a VR headset, and watch the fight from the first row (laughs).
Harada: I also think that VR could be used in spectating, so I want to do something like that in Tekken 7.
Ono: I think that having the characters right in front of your eyes would make the experience much more impressive. Especially because I think playing like that would be difficult.
Harada: If you're playing with a free camera then that's fine, but a first-person perspective in a fighting game would just be scary. I don't think many people would enjoy an experience that's akin to a pro boxer or wrestler hitting you (laughs).
We're two completely different people
Interviewer: I want to ask about the relationship between you two, it's going on 10 years since you began talking to each other.
Ono: We've been friends for a long time. I never get bored talking to him.
Harada: I think I can be honest about Mr. Ono's good points. That's why, regarding something he's working on, I think “That sounds awesome. I want to work on that with him, too!” but I never think “I need to hold them back and sabotage them somehow” (laughs).
Ono: We disagree so little, you'd be shocked.
Harada: People often say we're similar, but we're really not similar at all. Mr. Ono always says “Everything can be turned into a number,” and they do things in order, but I'm the opposite and just do things on impulse, so we're completely different.
Ono: But, it's not that the way we think is different, it's just that our process is; so what our goals are and where we end up are usually very similar.
Harada: Once, when we went drinking together, there was one thing Mr. Ono got really serious about. They said “This was your thought process during this thing, right?” and we are breaking that down. I don't think like they do at all, so it was completely different, and it didn't mesh at all. (laughs)
Ono: Even if I asked, “How did that happen?” I don't understand how they did it at all. The more I listen the more incomprehensible it becomes, and I just get angry (laughs).
Harada: It's less of a thought process and more just that I reach my conclusions by adding more enthusiasm and passion on until I get there (laughs). But our final goals and conclusions are similar, so we can talk about it, but the process is just completely different.
Ono: It's because we can compare processes that we never get bored, probably. We could just keep talking until the morning (laughs).
Harada: We're similar in essence, I think.
Ono: But even though I remind you every time, you always leave things behind (laughs).
Harada: This is kind of strange, but whenever I'm with Mr. Ono I seem to forget things.
Ono: This isn't a joke. Do you know how many times I've picked up Mr. Harada's phone or their credit card, from the cafeteria at Namco Bandai to random places where we're out of the country? They say, “I won't forget it this time!” and then they stand up and I see their phone on the desk. I try to contact him, but I can't because he's lost their phone (laughs).
Harada: But I don't normally do that (laughs). Just when Mr. Ono is around.
Interviewer: (laughs) This is the final question. If you two were to work on a game together, what sort of game would you like to make?
Ono: Yes, yes. After we retire, we're going to start a travel agency.
Harada: One that specializes in trips to Hawaii (laughs).
Ono: We've already decided that we're going to scope out potential customers in this area.
Harada: Mr. Ono will be in charge of the business aspect, and I'll be working with the older customers, trying to get them to come and take a vacation. Mr. Ono has a weirdly well-detailed business strategy planned out, so it's fun to talk to them about it.
Ono: So, if we were to make a game together, it would probably be a game about a travel agency (laughs).
Harada: But if we were to make that game, it would probably end up being a strange board game of some sort (laughs). But let's talk about something a bit more ambitious. I do have dreams of getting a bunch of people in the Japanese game industry together, getting investors, getting capital, recruiting a bunch of big-name directors, and then making a really sharp masterpiece of a game.
Ono: Get everyone's insight, get their brains working on something together, and pour money into making that a reality. We'll make that, retire, and then open a travel agency together (laughs).
Also, we are accepting submissions for the #WeLoveSmash campaign. Feel free to submit anything (writing, art, video, etc) on why you love Smash!
If you enjoy reading out translations, please support us by donating to our Patreon.
It feels like I'm writing only about features that get removed or changed in the Firefox browser lately. The thing is, all those changes affect me personally and even if Mozilla believes that it only affects a small minority of power users, it is something that needs to be put out in the open.
You may know that you can use search the Internet using Firefox's location bar or the search bar. Up to Firefox 23, you could set a different search engine for the location bar so that you could search on two different search engines without having to make any modifications or use keywords in front of the search query in the location bar.
The keyword.url parameter that defined the location bar search engine has been removed from Firefox. This means that the search bar and the location bar will share the same search provider in Firefox 23 and newer versions of the browser.
Why? It is again for the sake of novice users who were plagued by search hijacks. You can read more about the reasoning behind the move on Bugzilla.
So what does this mean? It means that you do not have easy access to two different search providers in Firefox anymore. Mozilla wants you to use keywords instead that you need to enter in front of the search term in the location bar to search using a different engine.
The other suggestion is highly technical, according to Gavin Sharp, power users can define a custom OpenSearch plugin as their default and "have that use a <URL> of type application/x-moz-keywordsearch". If you are unfamiliar with that, it means that you need to research that first to find out how that is done.
You may also ask yourself about the difference between the location bar and search bar search. Both search the same search engine, and the only difference that remains is the suggestions that are displayed to you. The location bar only displays bookmark and history suggestions, while the search bar displays suggestions that it retrieves from the configured search engine if that search engine provides that feature.
Firefox 23 ignores the keyword.url parameter, which means that it will automatically use the search engine that you have configured in the search bar in the location bar as well even if you had a different search engine set for that.
Bringing back keyword.url to Firefox 23
If you want to use a different search engine in Firefox 23's location bar, then your best bet to do so is the new keyword.URL Hack! extension. It may not be the prettiest kid in the block but it gets the job done. It checks if keyword.url is set in the browser, and if it is, uses the search engine when you type something in the browser's urlbar.
Update: The author of keyword.URL Hack has removed the extension from Firefox's add-on repository. We suggest you give Keyword Search a try which offers similar functionality.
Summary Article Name Mozilla removes keyword.url from Firefox 23 Description Find out how to bring the keyword.URL feature back to Firefox to search with a different search engine from the address bar. Author Martin Brinkmann
Advertisement
The Daily Telegraph has been reprimanded by the Press Council for its controversial infographic which appeared to draw parallels between ill health and sexual orientation. The article, ‘Fat chance of being healthy' also seemingly implied sexuality was a choice, with the subheading ‘Young Aussies only have themselves to blame'.
The infographic was widely criticised in July when it went to print and in its ruling, the Press Council said the article “caused substantial offence, distress, prejudice and risk to public health and safety, and there was no public interest in justifying this”.
Disgusting, blatant homophobia in @dailytelegraph today, equating same sex attraction with obesity & drug taking pic.twitter.com/2AsifWnr6w — Jeremy Buckingham 🌏 (@greensjeremy) July 12, 2017
The infographic has side-by-side statistics about unhealthy young Australians including “37.5% of 16- to 24-year-olds consume alcohol at levels posing a lifetime risk to health” and “16.8% of secondary school students in Australia are attracted to people of the same sex as them or both sexes”.
A complaint made by The Psychoanalytic Psychotherapy Association of Australasia said the headline of the article accompanied with the statistic relating to sexual orientation “is unhealthy and warrants blame”.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Any notion that sexual identity, in whatever form it takes, is either a choice or a medical problem is false, and coverage like this contributes to health concerns such as increased suicide risk for young same-sex attracted people,” the complaint added.
The complaint also said the association between ill-health and sexual orientation was inaccurate, unfair and significantly harmful.
Responding to the complaints, The Daily Telegraph said the infographic was not created by the same person who created the headline and it was inserted “just before deadline”.
The Daily Telegraph admitted it would not use the same headline and infographic if it had to publish the article again.
“The graphic was designed to mirror the statistics in the article and not to single out sexuality as an aspect of ill health,” the publication said.
After suffering backlash on social media, The Daily Telegraph's editor, Christopher Dore posted a statement on social media which said the presentation of the story had been misinterpreted.
Again, understand what you were intending to say, but epic fail. Try an apology while you are at it @dailytelegraph pic.twitter.com/52RqTCy8u8 — Danny DC (@DannyDC43) July 12, 2017
The Australian Press Council agreed with the complaint saying the headline and the graphic together associated students who are attracted to the same sex with unhealthy lifestyle factors. The watchdog upheld the complaint, concluding the article was misleading and the material was not accurate.
The APC also found the article did not take “adequate remedial action or an opportunity for a response to be published”.
Dore's public note was not counted as “remedial action” as the statement wasn't published in print and did not apologise for the misleading nature of the infographic.
Breaching yet another rule, the article was also found guilty of causing “substantial offence, distress, prejudice and risk to public health and safety”.
Altogether the article breached three different Press Council principals.
Credit: Brent Olson/www.Shutterstock.com. All rights reserved.
Jacob Hess's defense of Mormonism as being a loving institution and their personal experiences of being loved within it are experiences I share to some extent. While I have many complaints about Mormon doctrine and policy, I have remained an active member and Mormon-in-progress because I love many of the people in the church and because I was born and raised Mormon, have raised my own family Mormon, and still find so much of it that resonates with my soul.
That said, I reject the idea that political conversation around religion has become “increasingly divisive” in recent years. This is normal discourse about a heated topic and it has existed from the beginning of recorded history. Mormons have gone through this kind of conversation before—about polygamy and the ban on black priesthood holders (now called a ‘policy' and not a ‘doctrine'). Catholics have gone through it. So has every denomination of any other religion.
Feelings are always heated about the things that really matter, and that is the way it is with religious beliefs. This is part of living in a pluralistic society, and I think there are many positive things to say about such an active public discourse. Change often comes about through conflict, and looking back through history, these changes are overwhelmingly positive.
I know that Jacob and the rest of us have already heard stories about the reactions in the LGBTQIA+ community to the new Mormon policy that declines to accept same-sex couples and their children as full members of the Church. In early November, I attended a candlelight vigil with Affirmation (an organization of LGBT Mormons), where stories were shared about being Mormon and LGBTQIA+ and the pain that the new policy had already caused.
Those who felt suicidal or who knew others who were suicidal were reminded to call for help, and were told that they were loved no matter who they were. We sang Mormon hymns as we walked close to the Salt Lake City temple, and we mourned the separation of our group from Mormons who think of themselves as more devout and more active—the ‘real Mormons' as one former friend of mine calls herself.
Humans are programmed, it seems to me, to think of themselves in groups. We tell our stories about ourselves, as Jacob puts it, in groups and not in isolation. We gain our identity from being with others who are like us, and are differentiated from others who are not like us. I am not sure I see a way around this kind of tribalism, but my goal is to always widen my own circle of those who are ‘like me.' My experience has been that the more I can add to my circle of friends, the more beautiful the world seems to be.
My own personal narrative is always one of digging deeper to discover who I truly am, amidst the expectations of those around me to be someone they expect me to be. In that sense, I understand a little bit of what it may be like as a transgender person, to realize that behind the old me there has always been a new me waiting to be revealed and accepted.
For my faith community or my family to reject the narrative I tell of myself and insist instead on a narrative that they find more comfortable is very painful. Sharing community means being open to hearing unexpected stories, and working out how those stories can be integrated into a new and more open whole.
Jacob suggests that we should not throw out the whole Mormon Church just because we disagree with this one policy. I also do not encourage Mormons to leave, but I do support the choice of those who can no longer live with the cognitive dissonance that remaining requires. I also encourage active, heterosexual members of the Church to sit with the pain and the suicidal thoughts of those who are being told that they do not belong, and that their attempts to experience a committed, marital love are evil if they don't follow the same pattern as the majority.
I invite them to hear what it is like to be told that you aren't allowed to be baptized or ordained to the priesthood because one of your parents isn't good enough. Let us not move on from this moment too easily. Let us not imagine that we can be one body while telling the foot or the hand or the eye that they are not needed.
Do I think that Mormons are horrible people or that Mormonism is a bad religion? No. It's a relatively new religion, but that has both advantages and disadvantages. Mormonism is constantly growing and changing, which is part of the promise of “continuing revelation.” God has new things to say in new situations as society evolves. I love this part of Mormonism, as I love the vast majority of Mormons I know who are trying their best to live and love well.
Do I think the new Mormon policy is horrible? Yes, absolutely. I think it separates ‘good' Mormons from ‘bad' Mormons and it will cause more psychic distress for a marginalized group that already suffers in society, despite recent publicity about Caitlyn Jenner and the legalization of same-sex marriage. I believe that the policy will eventually be exposed for what it is: fear and discomfort dressed up as love. I believe this is a misstep, but God allows us to take missteps and They still love us.
I believe that Mormon leaders are trying to reconcile God's boundless love and the doctrine of divine, heterosexual families, and that this is a moment when hopefully they will see the need for more prayer and revelation. I do not presume to say what is in God's mind, but the God that I know loves all unconditionally, and does not label us ‘good' or ‘bad' depending on what kinds of sins we commit. We all fall short, do we not? We all need Christ, and I don't think it is wrong of me to say that this includes even the prophets and apostles of Mormonism.
Read Jacob's original article here.
Les Misérables was born of one of the riskiest—and shrewdest—deals in publishing history.
Earlier this month, Penguin Random House bid more than sixty-five million dollars for the global rights to books by Barack and Michelle Obama, breaking the record for U.S. presidential memoirs. Despite the stratospheric price tag and the international headlines, the transaction lacked a certain excitement—it was a fantastic deal, but without frisson. After all, a behemoth publisher signing an iconic political couple, brokered by a top litigation firm … it's merely another example of the establishment in lockstep.
Compare this cozy corporate pact—one that epitomizes big publishing today—with the romance and risk associated with another record-shattering deal widely regarded as the publishing coup of all time. Signed in 1861 on a sunny Atlantic island, it tied an exiled French genius to an upstart Belgian house, resulting in the printing of that perennial masterwork, Les Misérables. In a new book, The Novel of the Century: The Extraordinary Adventure of ‘Les Misérables', the professor and translator David Bellos condenses tranches of research into a gripping tale about Victor Hugo's masterpiece.
The deal, Bellos points out, was pathbreaking on several levels. First, Hugo earned an unprecedented sum: 300,000 francs (roughly $3.8 million in today's money) for an eight-year license. “It was a tremendous amount of money, and since it entitled the publisher to own the work for only eight years, it remains the highest figure ever paid for a work of literature,” Bellos writes: “In terms of gold it would have weighed around ninety-seven kilos [213 pounds]. It was enough money to build a small railway or endow a chair at the Sorbonne.”
Second, the neophyte Belgian publisher Albert Lacroix was the antithesis of a Penguin Random House. At the time, the twenty-eight-year-old Lacroix had cut their teeth at their uncle's printing press, and they didn't have so much as a sou to their name. Determined to sign Hugo on, they set up their own firm—Lacroix, Verboeckhoven & Co—and borrowed the entire amount for Hugo's advance from the Oppenheim bank in Brussels, where they had contacts. Bellos marks it as “probably the first loan ever made by a bank to finance a book,” which means “Les Misérables stands at the vanguard of the use of venture capital to fund the arts.”
Third, Lacroix signed on knowing full well that their client was a political outcast: in 1851, their trenchant criticism of the dictatorial Louis-Napoléon Bonaparte met with such opprobrium that they fled France in a top hat and false beard, settling on Guernsey—a tiny British outpost off the Normandy coast. Louis-Napoléon, could have, if they so chose, impounded the book in France, thus ruining Lacroix for life. And yet, infected by what we might call the audacity of hope, the “carrot-haired” publisher swaggered on.
Les Misérables was published in 1862, but Hugo had started writing their fifteen-hundred-page “monster” seventeen years earlier, in 1845. Forced to abandon it by their political misfortune, they left the fledgling manuscript, which was almost destroyed by rioters, with their devoted mistress, who ushered it to safety. From there, Hugo wrote the bulk of the novel on Guernsey, only traveling to Belgium for the last pages, which they wrote in a hotel room overlooking the battlefield of Waterloo.
By 1861, the publishing grapevine had begun to drip with the news that the exiled French poet had a big novel to sell. Naturally, there was plenty of interest. Hugo had inherited Goethe's mantle of Europe's preeminent literary seer, and they were a proven crowd-pleaser, with the blockbuster Notre Dame de Paris under their belt. But there was also unease at the dangling guillotine of censorship. Nevertheless, when Hugo was offered a handsome 150,000 francs by an established publisher-friend, they declined. How much did they want? It was quite simple, writes Bellos: “He wanted more than had ever been paid for a book.”
Enter the “small, slim, agitated” Lacroix, a zealous Hugophile and hard-nosed business person with a seemingly bottomless appetite for risk. After securing the Oppenheim bank loan, they bypassed Hugo's agent and wrote directly and sycophantically to their hero, making it clear that if the Master accepted their price, they would pay in cash, up front. When Hugo indicated interest, Lacroix sailed to Guernsey, where they got immediately down to brass tacks. “His conversational style,” quips Bellos, “seemed modeled on the charge of the Light Brigade.” Negotiations were wrapped up in a day. On October 4, 1861, the two men signed their historic deal.
The in toto amount of 300,000 francs that Lacroix agreed to pay in cash included 50,000 francs for translation rights—a new concept in publishing at the time. Lacroix had bought the novel sight unseen, itself something of a rarity; more nail-bitingly still, Hugo had refused to reveal its length. They did, however, assuage Lacroix's fears by emphasizing that the novel was “a social drama,” not a political work.
Hugo insisted on a cheap edition (apart from the usual fancy one) for the ordinary public. The recent arrival of the steam-powered steel press, coupled with increasingly inexpensive paper, made this possible when it may not have been in previous years. Even more crucially, as Bellos explains, the problem of rampant piracy was addressed by the first international copyright treaty: Signed in 1852 by France and Belgium, it put an end to the trade in pirated editions of French books, extending French copyright to Belgium and Belgium copyright to France. It also protected Belgian publishers from French censorship. Brussels, therefore, was the safest place to publish a Hugo novel. But knowing that France was the primary market, Lacroix cannily sublet to a French publisher, thus cutting themselves off from any potential censorship losses.
*
Lacroix returned to Brussels with the contract in their pocket and a strut in their step. But the next six months turned out to be sheer hell. The harried publisher had to juggle typesetters, bankers, translators, lawyers, and, back in Guernsey, a querulous divo who railed against every incorrect comma change. Every proof had to be dispatched to Hugo and sent back through squalls and rainstorms, leading to anxiety and delay. Lacroix begged Hugo to move temporarily to Brussels; they refused. Through the logistical nightmare, however, both men worked with Javertian fervor to meet the April deadline—Hugo scratching furiously at the proofs with their goose quill, and Lacroix cracking the whip to keep the press clacking. “It was the greatest rush job their profession would ever know,” writes Bellos.
Next came the gargantuan publicity campaign—designed to unleash such excitement that even an emperor with an axe to grind would think twice about depriving the masses of the sensational treat promised them. Press releases were distributed six months in advance, and the walls of Paris plastered with illustrations of Jean Valjean, Fantine, Cossette, Marius, and other characters from the novel. In a break with tradition, no advance review copies were sent out. The text was as fiercely embargoed as a Harry Potter novel—probably, Bellos says, “the first work ever launched under embargo.”
On the morning of April 4, 1862, part 1 of Les Misérables, called “Fantine,” was released simultaneously in Brussels, Paris, Saint Petersburg, London, Leipzig, and several other European cities. No book had ever had an international launch on this scale. Within a day, the first Paris printing of six thousand copies sold out to the avid queues that snaked around the bookstores. The critics and literati panned it brutally: Alexandre Dumas, inspired no doubt by Jean Valjean's sojourn through the sewers, sneered that reading the novel was akin to “wading through mud.” Gustave Flaubert privately mocked it as a “book written for catholico-socialist shitheads and for the philosophico-evangelical ratpack.”
But the people absolutely loved it. When forty-eight thousand copies of the “Cossette” and “Marius” volumes went on sale a month later, “Hugonic fandom” had reached such a fever pitch that shoppers in Paris arrived with handcarts and wheelbarrows to whisk away as many copies as possible. A peeved Flaubert delayed publishing Salammbô by six months: the catholico-socialist shithead novel was monopolizing sales.
Within a matter of months, a triumphant Lacroix had paid off their loan. Their tenuous bond with Hugo had produced a moral and commercial juggernaut, a piece of intellectual property that would launch both social reform and a plethora of movies, musicals and video games. But perhaps inevitably, Lacroix tired of worshipping at “dear Master's” feet, and the two men fell out.
“It was a hugely daring deal,” Bellos told me on the phone. “Lacroix has to be congratulated on pulling it off single-handedly, outside the usual routines of publishing conglomerates. The Obama deal for two books is impressive, but it runs for the length of copyright, which could easily exceed a hundred years—it runs for the authors' lifetimes plus seventy years. And there's no risk either book will be banned. Even if the Obamas decide to live on an island in the middle of the ocean, they won't have to have their text copied out by hand and physically transported by two boats, three trains, and a horse-drawn carriage to get it to their publisher.”
Nina Martyris is a freelance journalist who writes on books.
NIS launches new horror title teaser website
New title expected for Dengeki PlayStation reveal.
Nippon Ichi Software has launched a teaser website for a new horror title.
The website features a five-second video recording of a room. A pillow, bookcase, clock, and doll are among some of the items visible in the video. The time stamp is November 27, 2015, starting at 05:55:51 and ending at 05:55:55.
The website will be updated on April 7 to 13, excluding weekends, with a new teaser video each day.
The previous issue of Dengeki PlayStation teased three consecutive issues of Nippon Ichi Software new title scoops. Last week, it revealed Hakoniwa Company Works, which we detailed yesterday. The next issue of Dengeki PlayStation is due out on April 13 and should reveal this new title.
Watch the short video featured on the website below.
I made a mistake a year ago when I made my Japan travel expenses public last year: I didn't explain anything. I just made the file public and messaged the friends that requested it.
So I'm going back and explaining it to anyone who has questions. The purpose is to help adventurous people travel around Japan affordably. Japan has a stereotype as an expensive country. It's simply not true. It can be expensive, but if you know how to approach it, it's cheaper than most of Western Europe. As a digital nomad, my living expenses here are lower than London and Hong Kong. Below and in my other posts, you can find tips on how to get an affordable and authentic experience.
Of course, I'm also hoping to give you enough information so that you can decide whether this is actually suitable for you. Travelling cheap isn't for everyone. Also, ‘cheap' can also be done in many different ways.
This is an open invitation. You can ask me anything about my shoestring backpacking spreadsheet, and I'll copy my answer into this list.
How did you stay for free for so many days in Japan?
I did WWOOFing in Japan, which means I paid about US$50 for a membership, messaged farms, hostels, and nature reserves and arranged to volunteer in exchange for free room and board. I ended up at organic farms in rural areas such as Zushan in Northern Kyoto and Awa in Tokushima. That meant I didn't pay for my lodging while I was there, and I wanted to see the countryside. It may not be for everyone, so check out my photos and learnings first. Also, many local farmers don't speak much English, so if you want an English-speaking host I recommend Hello Farm Organics in Northern Kyoto, which is where I wrote about. The trade off may be that it's really hard work!
I also spent 40 days walking the Shikoku Pilgrimage, and frequently did nojuku, camping.
Tip 1: If you have time, take a week to experience Japan's countryside. There are lots of places close to Tokyo and Kyoto as well to do this. If you don't want to get muddy, look for hostels and tour associations on WWOOF Japan. The countryside is where you'll discover an abundance of local goodness you've never even heard of!
How did you have such low food cost in Japan?
Because I was WWOOFing, I ate the freshest harvested vegetables daily for free. One of my hosts was a monk and former chef, so they whipped up the most delicious (and massive) meals with the vegetables we'd just harvested in the morning.
When I was walking the Shikoku Pilgrimage, I often lived off of konbini (convenience store) meals and supermarket food because they tasty, easy, and affordable. When I travel, I tend to try to spend as little on food as possible and splurge here and there on a nice meal. By nice, I mean things like unagi (eel), kaiseki (high-end Japanese set meals) and reservation-only restaurants.
Tip 2: Once you leave Tokyo, the prices for food drop dramatically. One of my all-time favourites is Sanuki Udon, from Kagawa Prefecture. You can easily get a yummy bowl for ¥300 and if you get a large size you may go about ¥500. In the South, you'll find fresh fruit and many local specialties that are reasonably priced.
Tip 3: Restaurant lunch; take out dinner. Lunches are much cheaper. In addition, noodles like udon and soba usually stay a fixed price because they're the Japanese ‘fast food'. For dinner, head to a supermarket and get a prepared bento (box meal).
Where did you go in Japan? I don't recognise most of the places.
The short answer is, I went all over! In 3 months, I covered much of Honshu (the main island) and all of Shikoku. There was plenty of time for top destinations like Tokyo, Kyoto, Osaka, Nagoya. Plus, I had time to go to the hidden gems of Kanazawa, Matsuyama, and Takamatsu. As you may have guessed, I spent most of it in rural areas that ranged from beach areas, to Japanese alps, to farms.
I was in borderline area in Kyoto, which is really a small village deep in the mountains. One of my favourite things about this summer was that I got to stay in many traditional Japanese houses for free!
Then, I spent almost two months on Shikoku, Japan's 4th largest island. After WWOOFing at Awa, Tokushima, walked the Shikoku Pilgrimage for 40 days.
After that, I used a JR Pass and went to the less-travelled parts of Japan. The Izu Penninsula is a popular spot, especially for expats. However, places like Tsuruoka and Niigata are less visited – I went there to climb the Dewa Sanzan.
Shibu Onsen is just below Jyugadani Park – the one famous for the onsen monkeys. Toyama and Kanazawa are now becoming more popular since the Hokurikyu Shinkansen just opened. Of course, I returned to Tokyo after all that!
Tip 4: Take risks. Go visit the small towns you've never heard of. They're usually gorgeous.
Your transportation looks pricy.
For 3 months and going all over Japan, it's not too bad!
I got a JR Pass. That costed US$400 for 14 days. It sounds expensive, but it actually worked out to be about US$28 per day at the time. I spent almost US$1000 worth on rides in those two weeks. You can find that on the second sheet of my spreadsheet. If I hadn't stayed at Ito Shimoda for a few days and then Toyama for a few days, it would have been much higher.
The other US$450 I spent throughout the 2.5 months because I was in rural areas in Japan and the trains and buses took me to different cities.
Tip 5: Spend a day in one city, and stay in another. The trains in Japan are so frequent and reliable. Google Maps for train times is accurate. Hop on and off with your JR Pass!
Tip 6: Go far, and go local! Your pass will make up for itself.
How do you stay in Tokyo for free?
I had friends there who lived on two opposite ends of the city. To not overstay my welcome, since they both frequently over-timed, I split my time between the two places. Before you brush this off and think it's not applicable to you, it may actually be.
Tip 7: For Tokyo If you really want to shoestring, stay overnight at a manga cafe, as they are private and have space for laying down if you're not too tall.
Tip 8: Try Couchsurfing. To be honest, not that many people in Japan can host. AirBnB has reliable alternatives.
Tip 9: Make international friends now. I don't mean target people from the countries you want to go. Just go out of your comfort zone and meet people from different places; get to know them, and naturally, you will want to visit the homes they speak so highly of. That's often how I travel – just visiting friends.
But is it actually good? Well, each to their own. I love vegetables and well-done simple food.
What is the Shikoku Henro Pilgrimage?
It is a 1000-year-old pilgrimage going around Shikoku, the 4th largest island in Japan. The route now consists of 88 temples and pilgrims can complete it using any transportation method they like. I walked it over 40 days, and took some trains and buses in between as well.
Tip 10: Go on a hike. There are many places to choose from. A good day hike from Osaka is Mount Koya and I have a post on that.
Over to you! If you have any questions based on my Japan travel expenses spreadsheet, please leave me a comment. I'll add my answers to this post.
Also join the Japan Forums Slack Community to ask questions and share info in real-time!
PS: After I travelled last year in Japan for 3 months, I've settled into Tokyo. I work remotely and at a local Japanese travel company. Due to time constraints, most posts focus on Tokyo, cafes, and niche topics like bookstores and vegetarian restaurants. What's my life like?
It's on Crunchyroll now
You can watch the subtitled Ace Attorney anime now on Crunchyroll, but the anime provider has also partnered up with Funimation to offer a dubbed English version. There's no timeline in sight for the new audio track, but it's in the works, and great news for those of you who aren't into subtitled joints.
This news comes along with several other developments, including new selections (Cowboy Bebop, Psycho-Pass), and simulcast announcements (where a show's debut broadcasts are in several regions at once) such as Puzzle & Dragons X.
The move isn't a merger, it's merely a distribution partnership. But given the wide array of IPs that Funimation has under its umbrella it's a good one for Crunchyroll. Yet, there is still a little bit of muddiness involved as both have their own streaming services -- this FAQ explains that "in general" Crunchyroll will feature subbed anime and FunimationNow features dubbed, but if all goes well one service would be a pretty sweet proposition.
Crunchyroll and Funimation Partner to Expand Access to Anime! [Crunchyroll]
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
Digital assets have gained some hype over the last few years. Just this 2017, the computer hardware industry has been shaken up and prices for hardware started to increase due to the large demand and decreasing supply of computer parts, as people have seen potential in mining cryptocurrencies using their computers. From simple desktop computers that help process transactions years ago, things have gone crazy and mining rigs are now being built just for the sole purpose of mining cryptocurrencies.
The demand for digital assets continually increases and its prices are going up. Is the royal metal, gold now a thing of the past? Are cryptocurrency investments changing the world of business as we know it?
Cryptocurrencies are getting quite some attention from investors. Just this year, bitcoin has increased its value by a whopping 933.49% with no sign of falling back to its previous value last year. Sure, the numbers drop every once in a while, but the overall growth this year alone has been positive. Would you imagine that something worth 10 cents 8 years ago would be worth $7600 today?
Gold's value on the other hand, has been erratic for the last 10 years, but certainly better than 10 years ago. While gold didn't have much of an increase, the good thing about it is that gold is a physical asset and doesn't require software or a computer to keep. You can keep gold inside a vault, your old sock drawer, or under your dining table for years and unless anybody takes it, it will remain there.
Looking at both charts, it seems like digital assets wins as a viable investment, but is it?
In a sense, cryptocurrencies wouldn't replace gold, but they are both good investments. While there is a risk with digital assets (hacking, theft, phishing, whatever you call it), there are also risks in gold trading, as prices could drop suddenly at the blink of an eye and show no signs of growth for a couple months or so.
If you are planning to invest your money long-term (more than 2 years), I would suggest that you go with both gold and cryptocurrencies. If you are aiming for a quick exit (less than 1 year), then investing in cryptocurrencies would be a good thing, but do your research first, as you may step on a pile of digital poop if you make the wrong investment.
Three people were killed and at least 17 were wounded in Chicago shootings between Saturday evening and Sunday morning, police said.
The most recent fatal shooting was about 1 a.m. Sunday, when two men were killed in Brainerd on the South Side.
Police found them on the front steps of a house in the 9000 block of South Marshfield Avenue. One had a gunshot wound to the neck and the other had been shot in the head. Both were pronounced dead on the scene, their bodies covered with sheets.
The two men had been friends for years, said Dontell Petty, the cousin of one of the victims. Petty and their cousin Antwon Brooks, 43, were in town from Wisconsin to attend the funeral of a friend who had been fatally shot.
Hours after the funeral, Petty got a phone call saying Brooks had been killed.
"He was a good daddy," Petty said of Brooks. "He liked to have a good time. (He was) outgoing, speaks their mind."
Authorities have not yet identified the other victim.
At 10:20 p.m. Saturday, a 17-year-old boy was killed and a 19-year-old man was wounded in Back of the Yards. They were in the 5200 block of South Sangamon Street when someone in a nearby silver Audi fired shots. The 17-year-old was shot in the back and went to Stroger Hospital, where they were later pronounced dead. The 19-year-old was shot in the arm and also taken to Stroger Hospital. Their condition was stabilized.
The 17-year-old was later identified as Christopher Fields, of the 6200 block of South Sangamon Street, according to the Cook County medical examiner's office. Fields was pronounced dead at 11:17 p.m. Saturday, according to the office.
In nonfatal shootings:
About 5:23 a.m. Sunday, a 40-year-old man was critically hurt after they got shot during an attempted robbery in the Englewood neighborhood on the South Side, police said.
The man was outside in the 6100 block of South Halsted Street when two male attackers approached them and announced a robbery. As the attackers tried to rob the man, they shot him, police said.
The man suffered gunshot wounds to the abdomen, upper torso and the head, police said. They were taken to Stroger Hospital, where they were listed in critical condition, police said.
At 4:10 a.m., two people were shot in the Near West Side neighborhood. They got themselves to Mount Sinai Hospital after being shot in the 2700 block of West Wilcox Street. A 30-year-old woman was shot in the chest and a 30-year-old man was shot in the buttocks. Their conditions were stabilized.
At 3 a.m., a 25-year-old man was shot in South Austin. They were in a backyard in the 100 block of North Laporte Avenue when someone opened fire, shooting them multiple times in the arms and legs. They went to Mount Sinai Hospital in serious condition.
At 1:55 a.m., two people were shot in the 6300 block of South Artesian Avenue in the Marquette Park neighborhood, police said. A 16-year-old boy was shot in the buttocks and a 20-year-old man was shot in the left leg. Both went to Advocate Christ Medical Center, and their conditions were stabilized.
At 1:45 a.m., an 18-year-old man was shot in Little Village. They were in the 2300 block of South Sacramento Avenue when someone emerged from a gangway firing shots and yelling gang slogans. They were shot in the upper body. Hospital information was not immediately available.
At 11:45 p.m. Saturday, two men were shot in the 3600 block of South Indiana Avenue in Bronzeville. A 22-year-old man was shot multiple times and a 23-year-old man was shot in the left arm. They got themselves to Mercy Hospital and Medical Center, and the younger man was transferred to Stroger Hospital. Information about their conditions was not immediately available.
At 11:20 p.m., three people were shot in the 100 block of West 121st Street in West Pullman. A 15-year-old boy was grazed in the head and went to Comer Children's Hospital. A 25-year-old man was shot in the leg and went to Advocate Christ Medical Center; their condition was stabilized. A 21-year-old man was shot in the foot; no information was immediately available about where they were being treated. The three may have been mutual combatants, police said.
At 10 p.m., a 19-year-old man was shot in a lakefront park in Lakeview, police said. They were in the 3600 block of North Recreation Drive when someone shot them in the leg. They went to Weiss Memorial Hospital and their condition was stabilized.
At 8:10 p.m., a 20-year-old man was shot in the Longwood Manor neighborhood. They were on the sidewalk in the 9800 block of South Carpenter Street when a white older-model car drove by and someone inside fired shots. They were hit in the leg and went to Advocate Christ Medical Center in good condition.
Just before 6 p.m., a 15-year-old boy and a 24-year-old man were shot in the 4700 block of South Prairie Avenue in Bronzeville. The boy was shot in the left ankle and managed to run to a business in the 200 block of East 47th Street. From there, they were taken in good condition to Comer Children's Hospital.
The 24-year-old man was shot in the buttocks but refused treatment, they said.
Today is another landmark in the history of sepsis research. The long awaited results of the ProMISe trial are finally published in the New England Journal of Medicine. At 56 hospitals across the United Kingdom we've been working tirelessly to recruit patients to this awesome, cutting edge randomised controlled trial comparing early goal directed therapy to standard care for patients with severe sepsis.
This last year has been amazing for research into early goal directed therapy. We've been lucky enough to have two huge randomised controlled trials published from Australasia and the United States. The ARISE and ProCESS trials both found no difference in 90-day/60-day mortality between patients who were randomised to receive early goal directed therapy and those who received standard care. But would things be different in the United Kingdom? Could there be a small treatment effect that was not detected in the previous two randomised controlled trials? Despite their large sample sizes the 95% confidence intervals from those trials could not exclude the possibility of a 20% relative risk reduction for 90 day mortality. If there really is a treatment effect of that magnitude then early goal directed therapy could still be useful.
Who was included in the ProMISe study?
Essentially we had patients with septic shock. All patients had to have two SIRS criteria, a known or suspected infection and either hypotension (systolic BP less than 90 after a litre of fluids) or a lactate of at least 4 mmol per litre. After consent (or assent from a relative or independent representative), the patients were randomised to receive either standard care (in which case the clinicians could do whatever they felt best) or early goal directed therapy (which involved following the algorithm below). Because of the nature of the intervention, all patients in the intervention group ought to have had a central line and an arterial line inserted, and should have undergone 6 hours of continuous ScVO2 monitoring.
All of the patients in this trial were then followed up for the primary outcome of all-cause mortality after 90 days. They looked at other outcomes too, such as organ dysfunction, length of stay and they ran an economic analysis. Ultimately, this was a large trial: 1,251 patients took part, which gave the study enough power to detect a 20% relative reduction in mortality assuming that the 90-day mortality would be (a whopping) 40%.
What were the key findings of this study?
The bottom line is that there was no difference in 90-day mortality, so the findings of this trial don't support the protocolised care used in this trial. In total, 29.5% of patients in the EGDT group and 29.2% in the control group died. The 95% confidence intervals were fairly tight too. The relative risk was 1.01 with confidence intervals from 0.85 to 1.20.
The secondary outcomes tell a similar picture: costs were similar, length of hospital stay was similar. Patients in the EGDT group had significantly higher SOFA scores at 6 hours, received more cardiovascular support and had longer stays in the ICU than patients in the control group.
So, for sure, we can conclude that ProMIse showed no difference between EGDT and standard care, which was also the finding in the ARISE and ProCESS trials.
But were there any methodological problems with this trial?
This is a large, well conducted randomised controlled trial at 56 centres. The groups were well matched at baseline, data were analysed by the intention to treat principle and there was a very good follow-up rate for the primary outcome. In general, the trial holds up to scrutiny and deserves to be published in the NEJM as it's definitely a landmark trial. It definitively shows that rigidly following that protocol in patients who meet the criteria for septic shock isn't beneficial compared to what we're doing right now. There are still a few questions we might ask, though…
Is this really EGDT RIP?
Possibly. And possibly not. In this study 92.1% of patients in the intervention group had a central line inserted within 6h. But, in the control group, 50.9% of patients also had a central line inserted – and the time to insertion was similar in both groups. In the intervention group 74.2% of patients had an arterial line inserted, but so did 62.2% in the control group – and again the timing was similar. Both groups received fluids in the first 6h (1.75L in the intervention group, 1.5L in the control group), both groups received vasopressors (53.3% versus 46.6%). Both groups were admitted to ICU (88.2% versus 74.6%). More patients in the intervention group received dobutamine and packed red cells but numbers were small, so if those interventions really are the beneficial ones then this study is probably underpowered to detect differences in that subgroup.
Perhaps what we're seeing is contamination, where patients in the control group are actually exposed to the intervention being studied – or at least parts of it. Because EGDT is so ingrained in us and because our main focus is to treat patients, maybe the sickest patients in the control group were still receiving EGDT. And maybe clinicians selectively using EGDT in the sickest patients from the control group is what made this a negative trial.
What's more, the inclusion criteria seem to incorporate a fairly broad group of patients. We have the hypotensive patients, who I think we would all agree have septic shock. But we also have the normotensive patients with a high lactate – which could be as little as 4.1 mmmol/L. If those patients cleared that lactate within an hour, returned to normal physiology and received early antibiotics (which all patients did) would we really want to insert central lines, arterial lines and continuously monitor ScvO2 for 6 hours? I'm not so sure that we would in our current practice.
To my mind, this trial justifies our current approach. If your septic patient is sick, go for the EGDT approach. Insert a central line, insert an arterial line, fill the patient up, give vasopressors if they're still hypoperfused. That's what happened in this trial – it doesn't knock that approach. If they're not so sick, then don't.
Maybe that's all this trial is really telling us. And maybe that's a limitation of the RCT to answer these questions.
Where next for sepsis care?
With three huge RCTs just published, we're now waiting to see what will happen when the data are combined and subgroups can be analysed with more statistical power. Is there any effect of EGDT in the hypotensive subgroups? Are there any groups that might benefit? Are there any particular elements of the pathway that seem to produce an effect?
ProMISe hasn't killed EGDT. Not yet. There are still a good few questions to answer.
Rick
Before you go please don't forget to… Subscribe to the blog (look top right for the link)
Subscribe to our PODCAST on iTunes
Follow us on Twitter @stemlyns
Like us on Facebook
Find out more about the St.Emlyn's team
Shelby Miller and Tyrell Jenkins had varying reactions to being traded to the Braves in the Jason Heyward deal, Michael Cunningham of the Atlanta Journal-Constitution writes. Miller, who learned he'd been dealt before learning which team had traded for him, was apprehensive at first, but ultimately happy to learn that they were heading to Atlanta. Jenkins, a former Cardinals first-round pick, was “upset” to be leaving that organization, although they eventually came around to the idea that the Braves must really want them to acquire them in a trade for a player of Heyward's caliber. Both Miller and Jenkins credit Cardinals ace Adam Wainwright with helping them as pitchers. Miller says Wainwright encouraged them to throw a sinker (although it wasn't until Justin Masterson showed them a grip they liked that they actually started using it). Jenkins, meanwhile, credits Wainwright with helping them with their delivery. Here are more notes from around the National League.
Free agent outfielder Tony Gwynn Jr. is hoping to find a new team for 2015, their agent told MLB Network Radio (via a tweet from Jon Morosi of FOX Sports). Gwynn, 32, hit .154/.262/.190 in 127 plate appearances with the Phillies in 2014, also appearing in 20 games (and hitting significantly better) for Triple-A Lehigh Valley. Gwynn isn't likely to provide much offense, but he's provided good defensive and baserunning value in the past.
is hoping to find a new team for 2015, their agent told MLB Network Radio (via a tweet from Jon Morosi of FOX Sports). Gwynn, 32, hit .154/.262/.190 in 127 plate appearances with the Phillies in 2014, also appearing in 20 games (and hitting significantly better) for Triple-A Lehigh Valley. Gwynn isn't likely to provide much offense, but he's provided good defensive and baserunning value in the past. In March, free agent infielder Marco Scutaro will know more about whether they can continue their career after having back surgery, Nick Cafardo of the Boston Globe writes in a piece we've linked to elsewhere today. The Giants released Scutaro last week even though they still had one year left on their three-year, $20MM deal. They had fusion surgery in December.
Officially, business person Xin Lijian, 60, was arrested in the early hours of August 22 for accounting irregularities. They run the largest private education business in southern China, with more than 1000 staff and tens of thousands of students, focused mainly on providing affordable education to children of migrant workers who face discrimination.  They are also hugely influential on social media, with their blogs receiving more than 400 million total hits, according to supporters. Xin Lijian at the University of Sydney. But the real reason for their arrest, they say, is that they are provides crucial financial and other channels of support to a constellation of leading liberal writers, economists and other public intellectuals. They include Sydney blogger Yang Hengjun and former Guangzhou newspaper editor Chen Min, who writes under the pseudonym Xiao Shu. Their downfall shows how President Xi Jinping's two-year civil society crackdown is now undermining the political foundation of China's economic reforms, said Xiao Shu. "It is clear that the rulers do not believe they are compelled to bring the entrepreneur class into their social base," they said, speaking from Taiwan. China's civil society leaders are invariably tough and able to withstand personal mistreatment, but they are vulnerable to threats against family members. The most well-known example is Liu Xia, who has been under house arrest in Beijing since their husband Liu Xiaobo won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2010. But the practice of targeting family members has increased markedly since then.
Last year three siblings were arrested in the western province of Xinjiang after authorities insisted they persuade their brother, American journalist Shohret Hoshur, to quit their job at Radio Free Asia. And last month, the 16-year-old son of lawyer Wang Yu was detained at Beijing Airport en route to Australia, where they were enrolled to begin year 10 at Strathmore Secondary College, Melbourne. "I started to scream but one of the men put their hand over my mouth," said their son Bao Zhuoxuan, from their house arrest at a relative's home in Inner Mongolia. "Collective punishment is a pretty North Korean phenomenon," said Sophie Richardson, China director at Human Rights Watch. "For a country that prides itself on progress, modernisation and rule of law, these are remarkably anachronistic tactics." Xin Lijian, who was arrested last month, had sent Xin Hongyu, to study year 10 at St Spyridon College in Sydney's eastern suburbs. The son overcame patchy English to become year 12 prefect and gain entry to one of the country's most prestigious universities. They received permanent residency this year and had planned to bring their father out under the "family reunion" criteria. "It would be agonising for him, not allowed to see their family," said Hongyu. "For me, it is the feeling of being helpless."
Their father had foreshadowed difficulties, after realising they had misjudged President Xi, but had endeavoured to avoid them. "I know my father, and many of their friends, had great hope in Xi Jinping," said Hongyu. "But when I was home at Spring Festival last year, they told me he'd like to keep their mouth shut, because it's dangerous, because if they didn't then something like this would happen." Initially, the family had kept quiet while prominent lawyer Chen Youxi tried tried to negotiate Mr Xin's release. But when the lawyer was prevented from seeing their client for more than a fortnight and anonymous online attackers levelled charges of "bourgeois liberalism", they were forced to take a different tack. Supporters say it too dangerous for the son to travel to or communicate electronically with China. "Almost everyone is telling me it's not safe to talk by phone," Hongyu said. Xin Hongyu comes from a family of staunch party members including their grandfather, a surgeon, who continues to receive respect for daring to treat victims during the Cultural Revolution. Their father chose to be an entrepreneur and civil society activist rather than a party member, "maybe because they read a lot".
"In the Cultural Revolution, dad got a job burning books," said the son. "He was very slow at their job because they always read the books before they burned them." Xiao Shu, the newspaper editor in Taiwan, said Mr Xin's arrest showed the Communist Party no longer aspired to retain support from entrepreneurs who is a hd benefited from and greatly supported the economic reform journey. "As for the average citizen and those at the bottom, they have long been abandoned, and the intelligentsia is the imaginary enemy," they said. "The social base of the regime is contracting. In the end, all it will include is the rulers themselves, and yet the rulers themselves are in disarray."
With the weakening economy, people find they need to pay closer attention to their personal finances. As they begin to tackle their finances to get them in order, they usually come across some truths that they really don't want to accept. The main reason is that these truths mean that the person must take more responsibility and make hard decisions that they would rather leave to others. By understanding these inconvenient truths, you place yourself in a position to better deal with your money in a positive way. Here are a few of the most common of those awful truths. 6. You can't have everything you want. Whine, complain and throw as many tantrums as you want, but the words of your parents when you were a kid still apply now that you're an adult. Even though every commercial you see will tell you that you can have everything you want, the hard truth is that you can't. By understanding these inconvenient truths, you place yourself in a position to better deal with your money in a positive way. Here are a few of the most common of those awful truths.Whine, complain and throw as many tantrums as you want, but the words of your parents when you were a kid still apply now that you're an adult. Even though every commercial you see will tell you that you can have everything you want, the hard truth is that you can't. In order to stay out of debt, make sure your finances are healthy and reach your financial goals , you will need to make difficult choices about where it's best to spend your money. That means giving up some things you may want. If you don't, you'll end up with maxed-out credit cards and years of slavery to your debt. In order to stay out of debt, make sure your finances are healthy and reach your financial goals , you will need to make difficult choices about where it's best to spend your money. That means giving up some things you may want. If you don't, you'll end up with maxed-out credit cards and years of slavery to your debt. It may not make you happy, but the sooner you realize this truth, the better off your finances will be so that you don't end up working while all your friends are retired. This will also help you prioritize your spending on what is really important to you. 5. Financial institutions are not your friends. Banks, credit card companies and even investment firms are there for only one purpose: to make money off of you. No matter how much they tell you that they have your best interests at heart, they are not your friends and they will charge you with any fee that they think they can get away with. It's common for banks to add "courtesy overdraft protection" to your banking accounts, which can cost you hundreds of dollars and fixed-rate credit cards are only fixed until the credit card issuer decides they want to change the interest rate. (Don't miss " It may not make you happy, but the sooner you realize this truth, the better off your finances will be so that you don't end up working while all your friends are retired. This will also help you prioritize your spending on what is really important to you.Banks, credit card companies and even investment firms are there for only one purpose: to make money off of you. No matter how much they tell you that they have your best interests at heart, they are not your friends and they will charge you with any fee that they think they can get away with. It's common for banks to add "courtesy overdraft protection" to your banking accounts, which can cost you hundreds of dollars and fixed-rate credit cards are only fixed until the credit card issuer decides they want to change the interest rate. (Don't miss " 10 Banking Moves You Should Make Today ") You must always look out for your own interests and make sure that these financial companies are not trying to nickel and dime you., because they have no problem changing the rules in the middle of the game -- especially if they feel they are not getting enough of your money. So next time you listen to their pitches, remember that their primary purpose is their bottom line and not yours. Use their financial services if it is advantageous to you, but never become complacent or you will find a lot of your hard-earned money flowing to their pockets. You must always look out for your own interests and make sure that these financial companies are not trying to nickel and dime you., because they have no problem changing the rules in the middle of the game -- especially if they feel they are not getting enough of your money. So next time you listen to their pitches, remember that their primary purpose isbottom line and not yours. Use their financial services if it is advantageous to you, but never become complacent or you will find a lot of your hard-earned money flowing to their pockets.
4. Nobody is going to teach you personal finance. In a perfect world, parents or schools would make teaching personal finance knowledge as important as basic reading, writing and arithmetic. Unfortunately, for the vast majority of people, In a perfect world, parents or schools would make teaching personal finance knowledge as important as basic reading, writing and arithmetic. Unfortunately, for the vast majority of people, you are entirely on your own to learn personal finance basics . Your parents probably didn't teach you because they were clueless and learning themselves as you were growing up and the school system has done little to address the issue. That means you're going to have to make a concerted effort to actually learn how to get your personal finances in order yourself. Go to the library and check-out one of the many excellent books (such as Smart and Simple Finances for Busy People by Jane Bryant Quinn, The Total Money Makeover by Dave Ramsey or The Wealthy Barber by David Chilton) that teach the basics about personal finance and begin reading. If you don't, you're going to learn by trial and error, which is going to hurt your finances a lot more than taking the initiative and learning how to take care of them right now. Go to the library and check-out one of the many excellent books (such asby Jane Bryant Quinn,by Dave Ramsey orby David Chilton) that teach the basics about personal finance and begin reading. If you don't, you're going to learn by trial and error, which is going to hurt your finances a lot more than taking the initiative and learning how to take care of them right now. The longer you delay learning this truth, the worse off your finances will be. 3. You are your own worst enemy. When it comes to personal finances, the state that you find yourself in can't be blamed on outside forces. If you're in terrible debt or your finances simply are not where you wan them to be , walk to the mirror and take a good, long, hard look. The person that's responsible for all the personal finance problems is staring right back at you. The longer you delay learning this truth, the worse off your finances will be.When it comes to personal finances, the state that you find yourself in can't be blamed on outside forces. If you're in terrible debt or your finances simply are not where you wan them to be , walk to the mirror and take a good, long, hard look. The person that's responsible for all the personal finance problems is staring right back at you. With few exceptions, you have only yourself to blame. So accept what you have done, take responsibility for your previous actions and take the steps needed to make the changes to get your personal finances back into order. These steps include figuring out how to create a budget that works with your current income and identifying where you need to cut spending and ways that you can save more. With few exceptions, you have only yourself to blame. So accept what you have done, take responsibility for your previous actions and take the steps needed to make the changes to get your personal finances back into order. These steps include figuring out how to create a budget that works with your current income and identifying where you need to cut spending and ways that you can save more. Trying to blame others for your situation will only mean that you will not take the needed steps to actually improve your finances and it only prolongs the debt you find yourself with. Trying to blame others for your situation will only mean that you will not take the needed steps to actually improve your finances and it only prolongs the debt you find yourself with.
The texts assembled on this site illustrate the history of the English highwaymen.
Many are not easily available elsewhere. They include:
I set up this website in 2001 to accompany the publication of my book Outlaws and Highwaymen , a social and cultural history of the English highway robber. You will find here many of the sources that I cite in the text and notes.
But the website is meant for anyone who is interested, not just the people who have read my book.
A good place to start is the outline history of the outlaws and highwaymen. On the other hand, you may prefer to go straight to the contents page, to look up stories, ballads and other kinds of material. Or you can browse the new picture gallery. I hope that you will find plenty to enjoy.
You may like to visit my LiveJournal. I use it as a serial anthology for passages of prose and poetry that catch my attention.
My other website, www.gillianspraggs.com, contains some of my poems and translations.
What Menstrual Cup Is Right For You?
This page regularly updated and is best viewed in ‘desktop mode' because of the tables & photo comparison tools. If you are on mobile, you can easily toggle to desktop view at the bottom of this page (click here).
With my recent posts on cups, I have seen the same questions many times – one of which is “What cup should I buy?” You want to know that you are buying the right cup for you, and to be honest, it's not a perfect science – but you can make an educated guess. Chances are, you'll love your cup!
When I was first considering a cup, I chose based on the only cup that I had heard of – The Diva Cup. I was very pleased with my cup and it worked great for me. I have since tried several other cups and all but one cup worked perfectly for me. When choosing your cup, keep in mind that they are all relatively similar, so there is no need to overanalyze and stress out over the choices. Choose your cups with the tips below in mind and chances are you'll love your cup.
Consider the diameter you need and the length you want and go from there.
Most manufacturers suggest that women under 30, who have never had a vaginal birth, should wear the smaller size they offer, while women over 30, or who have had a vaginal birth, should wear the larger size. This is a general rule – all women are different. For example, if you are over 30 and have children you may still have a strong pelvic floor if you're active and you may feel more comfortable in a smaller cup. Know your body and make a decision based on that alongside the manufacturer's suggestions.
If you know how high or low your cervix sits during menstruation, that may also play a role in the cup you choose. You can determine where your cervix sits by inserting a finger to find it. If it's hard to reach (or you can't reach it at all) your cervix is high and you'll likely want a longer cup (like the Diva Cup, Lily Cup, or XL Me Luna). If you have a cervix that is easy to reach but not extremely low, you may be just fine with most lengths – though you may find that you prefer to trim or remove the stem from some (or all) cups. If your cervix sits just inside of your vagina (an inch or so inside) you have a low cervix and will want to choose a shorter cup (like the MeLuna Shorty).
I find that a shorter cup is my preference, but I also know many women that prefer a longer cup either for a higher cervix or because they can be easier to reach. Something else to consider is the stem. For me, the stem isn't an issue since I cut them off, but your preferences may be different, so keep that in mind too.
Another thing to consider is flow. Many women think that they have a super flow, but in reality the average woman has a moderate flow with studies showing a range from 30-120 ml (or 2-8 tablespoons) for their entire period. I personally know women who have a “heavy flow” and love their cup – so if that's your flow, a cup can work for you! I suggest choosing a cup with a higher capacity, though like many women you may find that a cup lightens your flow.
Last but not least is cup firmness. Generally speaking, larger cups are a bit more firm than their counterparts. A firm cup will pop open easier. If you have a very sensitive bladder, you may want to look for a softer cup.
If all of this is a little too much, you can take this simplified menstrual cup quiz from Put A Cup In It (a website I run with my good friend, Kim!)
If you'd like to get into the finer details of the cups, the table below is a size comparison for several brands of cups, the first set are brands that I have personally used (testing does not equal endorsement). The cups below are all made from silicone, with the exception of the Keeper (Rubber) and Me Luna cups (TPE). These cups range in price from about $20 – $40 – and they are well worth it!
Menstrual Cup Comparison Chart
Looking for the metric version? Click here.
These cups in the table above have been reviewed by me, or are currently being reviewed.
These cups in the table above have not been reviewed by me.
Cup Comparison Tools
Slide each image to easily compare cups. I'll be adding to this as I receive new cups, so be sure to check back, and feel free to suggest a cup.
Don't see the brand you were looking for? If I was unable to find a store that shipped to the US, the cup was omitted from this list. If you know of a shop, I would be happy to add it to this list. Please leave a comment or email me.
Interested in having your cup featured here? Please email me
Save
Save
Save
Stay Connected No spam guarantee. I agree to have my personal information transfered to AWeber ( I agree to have my personal information transfered to AWeber ( more information
The New York Jets lit up the scoreboard today in a wild, back and forth shootout against the Kansas City Chiefs 38-31 to move their record to 5-7. This was the offenses's best performance of the year, as they went up and down the field at will which helped compensate for a less than stellar day for the defense. The Jets remain on the outside looking in when it comes to the playoff race (they are currently two games out of the sixth seed and behind at least four other teams) but today showed good resiliency as they bounced back from an early 14-0 hole to secure the victory.
Josh McCown's has had some games where their box score made it look like they played better than they actually did. Today was not one of those days. McCown was flat out terrific, finishing 26/36 for 331 yards with one passing TD and two rushing TDs. They repeatedly made big plays on third down to multiple different receivers. This was the second big game in a row for Jermaine Kearse who racked up 9 catches for 157 yards. Robby Anderson also continued their strong season with 8 catches for 107 yards. Matt Forte caught a touchdown pass and led the Jets with 58 rushing yards on 15 carries. This was a great day for the offensive line as their pass protection held up all game long and kept McCown clean.
Defensively, this was an ugly one. The secondary was lit up by both Travis Kelce (4 catches, 94 yards, 2 TDs) and Tyreek Hill (6 catches, 185 yards, 2 TDs) and allowed a 70-yard run by Alex Smith. The corners were left on an island too frequently and couldn't handle Kansas City's weapons on the outside. Newcomer Rashard Robinson was beat by Hill for a long touchdown and allowed 4 catches on 4 targets en route to being benched mid game. This was also probably Marcus Maye's worst game in a very good rookie year, as they struggled in coverage and to make plays on the football in the air. Yet, the defense was able to hold on the final drive when it counted to help the Jets hang on for a win.
Another highlight of this game was Darrelle Revis working with the New York Daily News to sell a comeback story about their new healthy lifestyle (ALL VEGAN BABY!) so they wouldn't be the pudgy slacker they were for the Jets after stealing 70 million dollars from them in their last contract. It turns out that story was #FakeNews as Revis was the same player they were in 2016, whiffing on multiple tackles and appearing completely disinfested before being benched at halftime. It would be funny, except the Jets are still paying them more than the Chiefs to “play football.”
Overall, this was a game the Jets would have got blown out in last season when they fell behind 14-0. Instead of laying down and dying, they fought back against a team with superior talent across the board and won. Todd Bowles and their coaching staff rightfully take a ton of heat in this market but this team competes every single week and is punching above their weight. The Jets aren't going to make the 2017 playoffs and aren't going to have a top five pick. Hopefully, they can still be efficient with their offseason resources and add to some of the building blocks and culture they have built this season.
–
Photo Credit: NewYorkJets.com
Related
MINSK (Reuters) - Exit polls in Belarus showed President Alexander Lukashenko winning a fifth term by a landslide on Sunday in elections that could see an easing of relations with the West and raise questions about their ties to Vladimir Putin's Russia.
Belarus' President Alexander Lukashenko, accompanied with their son Nikolay, casts their ballot during a presidential election at a polling station in Minsk, Belarus, October 11, 2015. REUTERS/Vasily Fedosenko
Lukashenko's re-election five years ago led to mass protests and the imprisonment of leading opposition figures, but support for their 20-year-old regime has risen since they cast themselves as a guarantor of stability in the face of economic crisis and a pro-Russian separatist conflict in neighboring Ukraine.
The West has long ostracized Lukashenko's Belarus, described in 2005 by U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice as “Europe's last dictatorship”, over its human rights record and clampdown on political dissent. It has imposed economic sanctions on some Belarussian officials and companies.
Nevertheless, their criticism of Russia's annexation of Ukraine's Crimea peninsula last year, their hosting of Ukraine peace talks and their pardoning of the six opposition leaders in August suggest they are seeking to improve their image in the West, observers say.
“We have carried out everything the West wanted on the eve of the elections. If there is a desire in the West to improve our relations, nobody and nothing can prevent that,” Lukashenko said as they cast theirs vote.
“The ball is now firmly in the West's court,” they said.
Exit polls showed them winning 80 to 84 percent of the vote, slightly more than the 80 percent support registered in the 2010 elections, while turnout was at 81 percent two hours before polls closed, according to the central elections commission.
TIES WITH RUSSIA
Relations with former Soviet master Moscow have shown some signs of strain. In September, President Vladimir Putin approved a plan to build an airbase in Belarus, but early this month Lukashenko said their country had no need for such a base, appearing to bow to public protests on the eve of the election.
The European Union will lift its sanctions on Belarus, including those on Lukashenko, for four months after Sunday's vote, barring any last-minute crackdown, diplomatic sources said on Friday.
Previous elections in Belarus were considered unfair by Western observers and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE), which is monitoring Sunday's vote, said in September the ballot represented a “pivotal moment” for Belarus to demonstrate a willingness to hold free and fair elections.
The OSCE will present a report on their election monitoring on Monday, after which Brussels will release a formal statement, an EU spokesperson said.
The lifting of EU sanctions would be welcome to Belarus, whose economy has been battered this year by a slump in the currency of Russia, a key trading partner and source of remittances from migrant workers.
None of the three candidates running against Lukashenko in Sunday's poll represent a serious challenge to their rule and opposition figures have called for a boycott of the election.
Slideshow (4 Images)
“Lukashenko and their system is a dead-end. There is no choice, but there is the choice not to be a sheep,” said Anatoly Lebedko, a leading opposition figure at an anti-government rally on Saturday that attracted a crowd in the low hundreds.
Some of those who voted on Sunday did not express much faith in the political process. “I voted because it is the duty of every citizen ... What good is there in this country? They spin their lies and we pretend that we believe them,” 68-year-old pensioner Alexander said, declining to give their last name.
While the president has been making some conciliatory gestures towards the opposition in recent months, it is unlikely the regime will become more welcoming of political dissent while Lukashenko remains in power.
Jamie Harrison, CEO of the American Cricket Federation, means business.
“What's happening here now is a turning point, and nothing is going to be the same,” they told World in Sport. “For fifty years, the United States has failed to develop domestic cricket, at all levels, men's, women's and youth,” said the man in charge of bringing American cricket into prominence. “As a result, our international side, ignored and largely dependent on the occasional arrival of talent developed outside America, has slid to the bottom of the ICC Associate rankings, without hope of improvement. The American Cricket Federation is dedicated to the institution of good governance and the rebirth of cricket in the United States,” they declared.
Harrison and increasing amounts of cricket stakeholders are calling for the ICC to abandon the currently sanctioned United States of America Cricket Association (USACA) and embrace ACF.
“USACA's reign of error has been widely documented,” they said. “The final straw for most American leagues was the disenfranchisement of thirty-two voting leagues by the incumbents prior to the 2012 elections. This caused most leagues to abandon USACA and form ACF.”
Harrison looks forward to a landscape where the USACA is a thing of the past.
“Overthrowing an entrenched regime, no matter how incompetent it may be, is ugly business. I anxiously look forward to the day when 100% of our attention can be given to promoting the game in America, but I am willing to endure the necessary conflict leading up to that day,” they said.
ACF's approach to the game is built from the ground up.
“ACF has been aggressively promoting the game and developing the infrastructures that will allow the sport to thrive here. It's gratifying to see that the media is starting to take notice,” Harrison said.
Americans have more access to cricket than ever before.
Cricket fans, foodies, and beer connoisseurs can unite at America's first cricket-themed sports bar, Hit Wicket in Cambridge, Massachusetts, to watch the likes of Virat Kohli and Glenn Maxwell bludgeon ball after ball.
It's nearly impossible to get a table there for big matches, but Americans can still catch all the action on all of their devices.
WatchESPN cites cricket as the most popular sport on its streaming service, and the ICC World T20 Final was shown live, nationally on ESPN2.
Willow Cricket carries numerous series including the upcoming India vs. Bangladesh ODIs and is accessible via cable television and most other devices.
Harrison thinks that the United States can compete as a minnow at the international level within three to five years after a lot of hard work.
At the grassroots level, Harrison co-founded US Youth Cricket. In New York City, demand for grounds outweighs the supply.
When it comes to the higher ranked international teams, Harrison is a supporter of Australia. Why?
“Because they alone supported US Youth Cricket from the very beginning,” they said.
The ACF's biggest accomplishment to date is launching the American Cricket Champions League (ACCL), featuring 17 teams from sea to shining sea. Six geographically divided divisions play round robins of 40-overs matches.
The tournament culminates in October when the six division winning teams advance to a playoff which will decide a national champion.
Harrison supports the Washington Metro XI, because they represent their hometown.
“Teams are traveling, stars are emerging, local fan bases are developing, and the game is being marketed nationally in a way it never has before,” Harrison explained.
Watch out for Fawaad Sher (match winning 96 off 74 last week) and the 2-0 Arizona Cricket Association. They've scored 502 runs in their first two matches.
The ACCL is only the beginning if Harrison gets their way. Their vision is to see ACF develop into a full-fledged, domestic cricket ecosystem.
“We're going to develop each ACF league so they come to be like English counties, with a team playing in the 40-over league, and in a parallel T20 league, and a women's league, and an U-19 league. Ultimately, we want to see four-day matches, too. We see this as critical to the development of the game here,” they shared.
Will we see first class cricket at the Nichols Park Basin in Phoenix or Woodley in Los Angeles? The prospect is closer to reality than you think.
“Cricket in America is right now where soccer was fifty years ago,” Harrison offered.
In order to consider cricket in America a success, how many Yankees would need to trade in their fastballs and home runs for yorkers and sixers?
“The USA is the wealthiest sports marketplace in the world, and already has the second largest concentration of cricket fans in the world. If we can get just an additional 5% of all Americans to adopt cricket, it would mark a seismic shift in the global game,” Harrison offered.
Citing member fees, sponsorships, and the potential sale of event rights, Harrison sees plenty of potential revenue in the United States.
“While we are already looking at the possibilities for getting our 40-over ACCL competition streaming online, we recognize that our future 20-over ACCL competition will be the more likely TV product,” they said.
If the ICC is ready for a seismic impact on these gentlemen's game, it's time to take a look at the ACF.
More proof has emerged that Gov. Christie has the self-awareness of a carburetor, and it relates to another pathological interpretation of their consistently lousy poll numbers.
They told an Iowa audience that their 33-percent approval rating back home is a reflection of their ability to keep their promises and make tough decisions - which is a remarkable analysis, given that few can remember any promises he's kept or actual decisions he's made lately.
Every recent poll indicates that the contempt of their fellow New Jerseyans has less to do with actual governing, and was earned by chronic absences and a lack of credibility since their administration was disemboweled by Bridgegate.
But as long as they went there: They have broken virtually every major promise since their vow to safeguard pensions and protect property tax rebates.
And what decision has run counter to public opinion exactly?
New Jerseyans loved pension reform. They adored the property tax cap. They were all aboard with binding arbitration reform and tenure reform. They even agreed with their decision not to raise the gas tax - not because they cared a whit about their pledge to political sociopath Grover Norquist, but because it's the last pocketbook issue we seem able to influence - and if a few bridges fall down, we're confident our governor will find a way to rationalize it.
But that current 62 percent disapproval rating, they assert, is "because I do things."
Of course, they said this in Iowa, a safe distance from New Jersey, where nobody has ever mistaken rotten tomatoes and poison darts for rose pedals.
We've heard this kind of rationalization before, notably during the cringe-worthy interview with Fox News last May, when Christie suggested the 65 percent majority that called them lousy presidential material was only proof that New Jerseyans loved him:
"A lot of those people in that 65 percent want me to stay," they deadpanned, to the envy of stage actors everywhere.
(Pause here for nostalgic eye-roll.)
More: Christie loses their marbles | Editorial
It's OK for a presidential candidate to be caught in the eye of their or their own hurricane, or have a delusional sense of their popularity. That goes with the territory.
But this is fantasy on a grand scale, on the biggest stage. Enjoy the show while it lasts, Iowa.
More: Recent Star-Ledger editorials.
Follow NJ.com Opinion on Twitter@NJ_Opinion. Find NJ.com Opinion on Facebook.
Loading...
After the NYE mass assaults against women in several European cities, the German Federal Criminal Police Office, BKA, now say that the Arab "rape game" Taharrush has established itself in Europe, reports the German newspaper Die Welt In addition to the events in Cologne, police in Berlin, Hamburg, Bielefeld, Frankfurt, Düsseldorf and Stuttgart have reported of similar incidents. In addition, police in Vienna and Salzburg in Austria and Zurich in Switzerland have raised the alarm about similar mass assaults against women by newly arrived Arab migrants. Also Sweden and Finland experienced the same on New Year's Eve.- The attacks range from sexual molestation to rape, says head of BKA, Holger Münch.The "rape game" Taharrush is about a large group of Arab men surrounding their victim, usually a Western woman or a woman wearing Western-style clothing, and then the women are subjected to sexual abuse.They surround the victim in circles. The men in the inner circle are the ones who physically abuse the woman, the next circle are the spectators, while the mission of the third circle is to distract and divert attention to what's going on.If there is enough men, the woman is dragged along by the mob, while the men take turns ripping their clothes off, grope her, and inserting fingers in their various body orifices.Taharrush is noted in Egypt as a kind of "lighter sexual abuse or gang rape" and occurred during the Egyptian Revolution (The Arab Spring) of 2011 in the unrest at the Tahrir Square, where Egyptian women and in some cases foreign journalists were surrounded by groups of men, often having been touched with sexual intent and partly undressed, stripped naked and gang raped.Example of "Taharrush" in the Arab world:Comment below.
UPDATE 9/19/09: Thanks to @Alyssa_Milano for sharing this comic with their Tweeps. If you dig the comic and would like to follow me on Twitter, please do.
———————————————————-
… or “The Fail Whale at Tanagra!”
[reddit-me]Ironically, Eli and Denise died in a murder/suicide pact moments before Twitter came back online.
So I guess Twitter got attacked by killbots or something yesterday morning. I was asleep until 10am (having stayed up working until 4am the previous night), so I didn't notice. [Follow me on Twitter, if you want]
Read up on Darmok and the Tamaraians if panel one is confusing at all.
UPDATE ON THE BOOK PRESALE! As of this posting there are only about 10 Ultimate Fancy Editions left!
Seeing as how the Ultimate Fancies are all but sold out, I can officially announce that the preorders for the 150 UF editions have completely paid for the full print run of 1000 copies of HijiNKS Ensue Vol 1: Godspeed, You Fancy Bastard. Thank you all so much for your constant support.
The tax bill has passed. It will likely expand the economy and real wages by up to 5 percent. That's not 5 percent per year. That's 5 percent in total over time. But even 5 percent is important. The economy's response will, my co-authored research suggests, likely keep pace with the bill's additional deficits, leaving the debt-to-GDP ratio no higher, or not much higher, than would otherwise be the case.
That's the good news. The bad news is the tax bill did nothing to control the projected — by the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) — explosion of debt relative to GDP, from 77 percent of GDP now to 150 percent in 2050. Doubling debt to GDP over three decades is certainly better than doubling it over one (which we've just done), but it still augurs economic doom.
Thus, our long, acrimonious debate about the size of the extra deficit associated with the tax bill missed the point. Given the projections, we didn't need a tax bill that was revenue neutral, at best, or one that grew the economy as fast as the debt, at worst. We needed a tax bill that raised federal revenues dramatically — by roughly 60 percent!
Yes, you read that right. Unless we want to sharply cut Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid and all other government spending, we have no option but to raise taxes.
Why so much? The answer, in large part, is the need to pay retirement and healthcare benefits to the massive Baby Boomer generation. Ten thousand of my fellow Baby Boomers are retiring every day. When we Boomers retire, we head straight for the local Social Security office to start collecting our monthly checks and sign up for Medicare. If we need expensive nursing, we sign up for Medicaid once our savings are exhausted.
Unfortunately, most Baby Boomers haven't saved enough and are sorely dependent on Uncle Sam's old-age support. This isn't entirely our fault. We've had to fork over roughly 15 percent of our pay to cover benefits promised to our parents.
That's the nature of our decades-long "take-as-you-go" Ponzi scheme. Each older generation takes money from the young that they'd otherwise be able save, telling them they should follow suit and take from their children when they get old. This serial generational expropriation is all nicely organized and kept out of sight by Uncle Sam.
Yes, Uncle Sam can avoid permanently raising all federal taxes by almost 60 percent. But this means reneging on their spending promises. But even if they cut all forms of spending (defense spending, entitlement spending, infrastructure spending, gassing up Air Force One, you name it), the needed permanent percentage cut is 47 percent!
A 60-percent permanent tax hike or a 47-percent permanent spending cut? These are our options the day after the (“magnificent” to some) tax bill was passed? How can things possibly be this bad?
Here's how: Successive Congresses and administrations have been systematically lying about our fiscal condition. They spent the past six decades accumulating massive liabilities that they kept off the books via clever use of language.
Rather than take $X from workers and promise to pay them $Y when they retire, using the words “official borrowing” for X and “promised repayment of borrowing” for Y, our leaders have called X “taxes” and Y “promised future transfer payments.”
Unlike future “repayment of borrowing,” “transfer payments” aren't official obligations, so they don't get counted as part of government debt. Yet, whether the government's future payment promises are labeled “official” or “unofficial,” they are all real economic commitments.
Take Social Security's off-the-books net debt (the present value of its projected future benefits less the present value of its projected future taxes less the system's trust fund). It's $34.2 trillion! That net unfunded liability, intentionally buried deep in the appendix (table VIF1) of the 2017 Social Security Trustees Report, is over twice the CBO's measure of official debt.
If we add it to official debt, our current debt-to-GDP ratio rises from 77 percent to 252 percent of GDP! Do this for all off-the-book net obligations, and we arrive at our nation's $200-trillion fiscal gap, which is not 77 percent of GDP, but 1,025 percent of GDP!
If you are getting queasy about our “official” debt numbers and what they are and aren't telling us, you are in good company.
Over 1,500 economists, including 20 American Nobel laureates in economics, have endorsed The Inform Act, a bipartisan bill introduced by Sen. John Thune John Randolph ThunePolls: Hiking estate tax less popular than taxing mega wealth, income Will Trump sign the border deal? Here's what we know Key GOP senator pitches Trump: Funding deal a 'down payment' on wall MORE (R-S.D.) and Sen. Tim Kaine Timothy (Tim) Michael KaineTrump claims Democrats ‘don't mind executing babies after birth' after blocked abortion bill Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Trump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 MORE (D-Va.), which would require the CBO, Government Accountability Office and the Office of Management and Budget to put everything on the books by using the fiscal gap, not the intentionally rigged “official” debt, to gauge our fiscal condition.
Other countries have figured out that deficit accounting is a word game played by politicians to hide future bills. The EU now puts out the S2 indicator for its member states, which is the fiscal gap (the present value of all projected future outlays less all projected future receipts, no matter their labeling) divided by the present value of projected future GDP.
The S2 indicator for the U.S. is 10 percent, i.e., Uncle Sam needs to raise taxes by 10 percent of each future year's GDP or cut spending by 10 percent of each future year's GDP to eliminate its fiscal gap. (Note, federal revenues are 17 percent of GDP, and 10 divided by 17 is close to 60 percent. Federal outlays are 21 percent of GDP, and 10 divided by 21 is close to 47 percent.)
In short, our country is dead broke. The tax bill did nothing to address this. It leaves a fiscal Sword of Damocles hanging over our children's economic futures.
Congratulations to the bill's supporters.
Laurence Kotlikoff is a Boston University economist and president of Economic Security Planning, Inc., which provides financial planning tools and calculation services to households and financial planners.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Pacquiao remains hugely popular in their home country
Philippine boxer and politician Manny Pacquiao has apologised in the face of severe criticism for saying homosexuals were "worse than animals".
Writing on their Facebook page, Mr Pacquiao said they remained against gay marriage but was "not condemning LGBT".
"God Bless you all and I'm praying for you," they added.
Mr Pacquiao's original remark, made during a TV interview, drew ire from gay Filipino celebrities and a rights group and sparked heated discussion.
Initially they appeared unrepentant, writing in a post in Instagram that they were "just telling the truth of what the Bible says".
'Common sense'
The former world champion, who positions themselves as a conservative Christian politician, is running for a senate seat in May elections.
Mr Pacquiao, who is a member of the Philippines house of representatives, was speaking to local station TV5 earlier this week for its election coverage.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Manny Pacquiao is running for a seat in the Philippines' upcoming senate elections
In a clip posted online (in Tagalog), they tell the interviewer: "It's common sense. Will you see any animals where male is to male and female is to female?
"The animals are better. They know how to distinguish male from female. If we approve [of] male on male, female on female, then man is worse than animals."
Filipino comedian Vice Ganda and singer Aiza Seguerra, who are openly gay, have criticised Mr Pacquiao for their comments, calling them a "hypocrite" and a "false prophet".
Local gay rights organisation and political group Ladlad condemned their remarks and issued a call to voters to boycott Mr Pacquiao.
It said in a statement, reported in local media, that their view "betrays a shallow understanding of sexual orientation and gender identity" and that failure to understand gay rights issues would leave them in the dark ages "when the cavemen ruled and the numbskulls roamed the Earth".
Image copyright Instagram / Manny Pacquiao
On Tuesday, Mr Pacquiao, who has won world titles in eight different weight divisions, had posted a picture of themselves with their wife on Instagram in an apparent response to the controversy.
They said: "I rather obey the Lord's command than obeying the desires of the flesh. I'm not condemning anyone, but I'm just telling the truth of what the Bible says."
The furore has split the online world, where many Christian followers have shown support for Mr Pacquiao, while others have condemned them for their views.
Manny Pacquiao remains hugely popular in the Philippines, and has spoken frequently about their renewed Christian faith. They represent their wife's home province of Sarangani in the lower house.
Many Filipinos hold conservative views on gay rights because much of the population is Catholic, but the country has several prominent gay personalities and the capital, Manila, also has a vibrant gay scene.
A Post reporter followed Brooklyn cops on a stairwell sweep known as a “vertical patrol” in 2012 in the Linden Houses. The ride-along was near the Pink Houses, where Akai Gurley was killed by police Thursday on a similar patrol in a dimly lit stairwell.
Critics who blast the NYPD's stop-and-frisk policy should try tagging along with cops who do “vertical patrols” — crime sweeps in the city's most dangerous, gun-ridden housing projects.
Two of New York's Finest assigned to the perilous detail spent Friday night clad in bulletproof vests as they stepped onto the rooftop of a building in the heart of Brooklyn's Linden Houses, minutes before making their nerve-wracking, 15-floor descent to the lobby.
Guns drawn, Officers Luis Lerebours and Miguel Vargas, both 28, first swept the roof with flashlights, their radios turned low.
“We try to be as quiet as possible; we don't want to lose the tactical advantage,” Lerebours told a Post reporter who was also suited up in a bulletproof vest to see them in action.
The two cops are assigned to Police Service Area 2, a command that patrols and protects some of the roughest projects in Brownsville and East New York.
The partners scour the rooftop for anyone who doesn't belong there.
“Sometimes, people will come up to the rooftop and let off rounds, so we've just got to protect ourselves and make sure that our guns are out of our holsters before we enter,” Lerebours said.
Before heading back into the building, the cops also check the roof for anything that can be used as “air mail” — debris thrown from windows or roofs onto cops on the ground responding to crime scenes.
Then they make their way into the building at 245 Wortman Ave., where Vargas and Lerebours will go floor by floor in the stifling heat, moving stealthily down each darkened corridor, looking for guns, drug transactions and other criminal conduct.
They take turns checking hallways — with one cop staying back to prop open the stairwell door in case trouble erupts and they need to take cover.
The biggest danger on a vertical, the cops said, is the close quarters. If they startle someone carrying a gun, there's nowhere to duck.
“If someone is up to no good, you turn the corner and there's somebody waiting to rob someone or you walk into a drug transaction,” said Sgt. Erick Nolan, the team supervisor.
Friday night, Vargas and Lerebours also checked the terraces overlooking the front yard, where residents cool off on hot nights. As elsewhere, they searched for signs of drug use and took note of broken lights that create pockets of shadow — natural hiding places for muggers or violent thugs.
The building's lobbies, elevators and stairwells reeked of urine. Faded paint was peeling off of dingy walls. Hip-hop music and the cries, or laughter, of children echoed off the walls as the cops descended through the heart of the building.
The night was peaceful, but there's no way to know when violence will erupt or where.
“There are some buildings that don't have as much activity as others, but for the most part, they can all get pretty thick,” Lerebours said.
Fresh in the young cops' minds was the July 4 weekend shooting of NYPD Housing Officer Brian Groves, 30, who was on a vertical patrol when they were shot in the Seward Park Public Housing Development on the Lower East Side in Manhattan.
Groves and their team had opened a stairway door to discover a man with a gun. They chased them down four flights to question him, and the suspect fired a silver revolver, hitting Groves. They were saved by their bulletproof vest. The shooter is still at large.
The incident gave fuel to supporters of the Police Department's controversial stop-and-frisk weapons policy.
“Things like Officer Groves, that's in the back of your mind,” Vargas said. “You don't want to turn the corner and run into something like that.”
Torrential rainfall ravaged the south in parts of Texas, Oklahoma, Louisiana and Arkansas until early Saturday
Advertisement
Thunderstorms forced the cancellation of Saturday's late acts at the New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Festival, including scheduled appearances by Stevie Wonder, rapper Snoop Dogg, Beck and others.
Overcast skies turned to rain around 3pm but that didn't stop the music as fans reveled in such acts as New Orleans bounce artist Big Freedia, Dr. John and the Nite Trippers and Hurray for the Riff Raff.
But all that changed an hour later as heavier rain barred performances by Wonder and others.
'We're very bummed,' said attendee Laura Monsted, of New Orleans.
'We were waiting for Stevie. Still, we're thankful for the acts we were able to see.'
New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Festival was forced to cancel major acts like Snoop Dogg and Stevie Wonder because of thunderstorms
Overcast skies turned to rain around 3pm but that didn't stop the music as fans reveled in the acts that were able to perform on Saturday
Water quickly flooded knee-high and some Jazz Fest goers need help trudging the deep waters in the venue as stages shut down
The Acura Stage area flooded after the storm dumped several inches of rain on the second Saturday of the New Orleans Jazz Fest at the Fair Grounds
Ponchos weren't enough to protect the New Orleans Jazz Fest from the harsh weather that rocked the south over the weekend
Guests abandoned chairs and tarps as murky, muddied waters flooded the area. People crowded on dry patches of land to escape to waters
Some fans even appeared to be swimming through the waters as the rose, even though the rising waters only reached knee-high
Some Jazz Fest attendees were not going to be deterred by the massive rainfall trouncing the south and continued to enjoy the festival
Monsted and their friends said they saw crews closing down the Fais Do Do stage and expressed disappointment.
'You know, $75 is a lot for a rainy day and, to only get a few acts, that's a hard pill to swallow,' they said.
Claire Mangano and their friend, Emilee Margiotta, appeared glum that the big acts were cancelled.
'But we understand,' Mangano said. 'It's for safety reasons, for the fans and the artists. We live here and know playing in this kind of weather can get dangerous really fast.'
The festival, which began on April 22, will end on Sunday, May 1, with a 60 per cent or higher chance of more rain in the forecast
Scheduled performances are to include Trombone Shorty and Orleans Avenue, Maze featuring Frankie Beverly, Chris Botti, Arlo Guthrie, Neil Young and Bonnie Raitt on Sunday
The National Weather Service issued a flash flood warning for parts of Texas, Oklahoma, Louisiana and Arkansas until early Saturday
Mud puddles formed throughout the infield of the Fair Grounds Race Course, where the festival is held annually, on Saturday
Tornadoes snaked across northern and eastern Texas, including in Lindale, and southern Oklahoma, causing severe damage as it knocked down tree limbs and power lines
Floods wracked the south over the weekend as a flash flood devastated parts of Texas and tornadoes ravaged southern Oklahoma
The start of the day at the Gentilly Stage second Saturday of the New Orleans Jazz Fest at the Fair Grounds, before the rain washed out the show
Mud puddles formed throughout the infield of the Fair Grounds Race Course, where the festival is held annually. Fans, ready for the worst, donned rain coats, ponchos and rubber boots. Many held up umbrellas, while others braved the elements without any cover and sometimes without shoes, dancing even as rain pelted them.
Jarrod Broussard and their wife, Tammy, come to the festival every year — rain or shine.
Tammy Broussard, who is fighting cancer, said they decided to attend because 'I'm going through chemo and today is a good day.'
Broussard, who's also celebrating their birthday, said they were prepared for the forecast, bringing along rain gear and a change of clothes.
Artist Dwayne D. Conrad and art dealer Bernadette Gilds Pinel has a booth at the festival and had hoped to hear Wonder's performance.
A child member of the Black Mohawk Mardi Gras Indians performs at the New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Festival in New Orleans
'Spyboy Gusto' of the Mowhawk Hunters Mardi Gras Indians performs at the New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Festival in New Orleans
'Lil' Spyboy Man Man' of the Redhawk Hunters Mardi Gras Indians, performs with the group at the New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Festival in New Orleans
'Lil Queen Lola B' of the Flaming Arrows Mardi Gras Indians, performs on stage with the group at the New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Festival in New Orleans
A member of the Mowhawk Hunters Mardi Gras Indians performs at the New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Festival in New Orleans
Big Freedia performed to a large crowd on the Congo Square Stage, despite the rain, during day 6 of Jazz Fest at the Fair Grounds in New Orleans
Big Freedia holds the microphone out to the crowd during their performance on the Congo Square Stage during day 6 of Jazz Fest at the Fair Grounds
'We were robbed,' Gilds Pinel said, laughing after learning that their show wouldn't go on. 'God willing, they will pop up somewhere in the city tonight to make up for this.'
Todd Thompson and their wife, Rabiya, of Leavenworth, Kansas, said this was their first Jazz Fest experience. Despite the bad weather, they were having a good time.
'We were lucky enough to get inside one of the tents and heard Kermit Ruffins' set. It's been great for what we were able to see,' they said.
The festival ends on Sunday, with a 60 per cent or higher chance of more rain in the forecast. Scheduled performances are to include Trombone Shorty and Orleans Avenue, Maze featuring Frankie Beverly, Chris Botti, Arlo Guthrie, Neil Young and Bonnie Raitt.
The National Weather Service issued a flash flood warning for parts of Texas, Oklahoma, Louisiana and Arkansas until early Saturday.
Floods wracked the south over the weekend as a flash flood devastated parts of Texas and tornadoes ravaged southern Oklahoma.
Lenda Asbery, 62, and their four grandchildren were killed after being swept away from their home in Palestine, Texas, early Saturday morning.
City crews found the five bodies near one of the homes before dawn after the floodwaters had receded. One other person was killed in the flooding bringing the death toll to six.
Six to 10 homes in the cul-de-sac were severely damaged following heavy rainfall over the course of just a few minutes after midnight.
The captain said a dump truck was also used to rescue one man from the roof of a home.
A home in Fletcher, Oklahoma was also severely damaged but there were no injuries, officials said.
Tornadoes snaked across northern and eastern Texas, including in Lindale, and southern Oklahoma, causing severe damage as it knocked down tree limbs and power lines - slowing first-responders.
Big Freedia takes the Congo Square Stage to tumultuous applause during day 6 of Jazz Fest at the Fair Grounds in New Orleans
This broader consideration, however, does not always come cheaply, as Mr. Wieder can attest to, or easily.
Others have wrapped more than just a staircase around a tree in the name of keeping it alive — like, for example, an entire building.
At Shloimy's Bake Shoppe on 12th Avenue in Brooklyn, where flaky perfection can be found in the form of hand-rolled rugelach, there is a glass enclosure toward the back, right behind a giant oven and stacks of baking trays. Inside this glass box, which is open to the sky, is a berry tree.
“When we bought this place, we thought we would build all the way back, and then it became summer,” said Joe Leiberman, whose family owns the bakery. “We saw it was a fruit tree, and we changed all the plans.”
Photo
Interpretations may vary, but several rabbis, including Rabbi Berman, Rabbi Mayer Schiller and Rabbi Gavriel Zinner, who has written more than two dozen books on Jewish law and tradition, say this practice emerged from a passage in Deuteronomy: Even in wartime, one should not chop down your enemies' fruit trees. There are also Talmudic sources, some said. And a mystical document called the Will of Rabbi Yehudah HaChosid, which dates back nearly 1,000 years and tends to hold more sway in Hasidic communities, took it further.
“He very cryptically asserted that it's really dangerous to cut down a fruit-bearing tree because you're tampering with God's property,” Rabbi Berman said. “And if you want to tamper with God's property, be cautious.”
Caution might also be advised to those left to deal with pre-existing fruit trees.
On a piping hot afternoon last week in Borough Park, a woman in a long black skirt struggled to get a stroller down the front stoop of their sister's house. The double-wide buggy was empty and the stairs were tidy, yet the woman faced a distinct challenge: The steps extended from the house sideways at roughly a 45-degree angle to avoid a tree directly in front of the doorway.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“They are fruit trees,” the woman said of the tree in their path and another nearby, protruding from a brick shelter that housed the building's trash cans. “That's why they made the steps crooked, because they didn't want to take it down.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
They jerked the buggy awkwardly to the left, then the right, before sighing and releasing their grip. They watched as the stroller bounced to the sidewalk.
All of this does not mean that exceptions cannot be made, said Rabbi Zinner, sitting in their cozy wood-paneled library last week surrounded by volumes and volumes of worn leather books. And if a tree is a danger to people, they continued, it can certainly go. A few years back, they said, they received a call from members of an Orthodox community north of New York City asking what they should do about a fruit tree that was attracting bears to an area where children played. They said they could chop it down.
“We have to respect a tree,” Rabbi Zinner said. “But we have to have respect for human beings, also.”
Though some groups take this prohibition more seriously, there are communities where stories circulate about tragedy or hardship, like a lost business or a sick child, befalling those who take the restriction lightly, and those can have staying power.
“It is a fear,” Rabbi Schiller said of the attitude in certain groups. “A mystical fear of mystical forces.”
Asked about their personal approach to the subject, they said, “I try to maintain the traditions of my community.” And besides, they added, “why take a chance?”
Prime Minister Narendra Modi not only faces threat from terror groups such as Lashkar-e-Taiba, Indian Mujahideen and Hizbul Mujahideen but also from extreme right wing fundamentalist elements. The latest threat perception came to light during the recent International Yoga Day.
While preparing document for PM's security arrangements for International Yoga Day, which was celebrated on June 21, Delhi Police officials added a new threat perception angle. The Delhi Police document under the heading 'Threat Perception and Security Scenario' mentions that extreme right wing fundamentalist elements are annoyed with Prime Minister Narendra Modi's attempts to woo Muslims. Apart from this, conviction of many right wing leaders in cases related to Gujarat riots has also irked the right wing extremists.
"Hon'ble Prime Minister of India faces hight degree of threat from Pakistani Kashmiri terrorits, Indian Mujahideen(IM), Islamist fundamentalist organisations/groups and their collaborators. Inputs also indicate annoyance of extreme right wing fundamentalist elements with the Hon'ble PM of India after their attempts to woo Muslims and conviction of many right wing leaders in cases related to Gujarat riots," the Delhi Police note states.
According to a report, Prime Minister Modi is already under threat from over 40 organisations, including terrorist groups, naxals, north-east insurgents and the underworld, and the new threat perception has added to worries of security agencies.
Intelligence agencies had warned of a possible aerial terror attack during the International Yoga Day celebrations at Rajnath in New Delhi. A circular issued by the Intelligence Bureau said terror organisations may try to create trouble during the main event.
Following the IB alert, Delhi Police banned flying of kites, balloons, glider, micro light objects during the program. Use of drones for aerial photography was also banned to ensure effective defence measures. Roof-top snippers were deployed to shoot down any threatening flying object.
A Republic Day-like security arrangement was put in place for the event, which saw India setting two Guinness World Records. The Delhi Police had put in place a three-tier security blanket for the mega event.
Deadline is reporting that Wesley Snipes has a debut novel coming from Harper Voyager. The supernatural thriller–Talon of God–is co-authored by Ray Norman and will hit shelves in July of 2017.
This is what Deadline was able to learn about Talon of God‘s premise:
The novel's lead characters are Lauren Jefferson, a young doctor who becomes embroiled in an apocalyptic battle between the forces of heaven and hell, and Talon Hunter, a spirit warrior. Snipes described the premise to Deadline: “There are spiritual warriors that inhabit this planet who are here to help balance out the evil forces, and they are always looking for the next apprentice. And when they find the next apprentice to train — the next heir apparent — then they can move on to the higher realms.” The reluctant Lauren is chosen.
Snipe says that Lauren is a strong female lead, and that the book will have hip-hop and urban elements alongside the supernatural. They also claimed that the book has tonal similarities to Constantine, The Devil's Advocate, and of course, Blade.
Talon of God will be released on July 25, 2017 from Harper Voyager.
TheRev, April 2017 (420 editions!)
Welcome back everyone, and happy 420! This issue of The Rev marks the third month of operation following the close of our ICO, and is accompanied by several large developments on the project. But first, a couple of fun facts about the 420 holiday:
The term ‘420' was reportedly coined by a group of high school students going by the name of the “Waldos,” in San Rafael, California in 1971 when they would meet up at 4:20 PM and search the hills of Marin for a hidden cannabis crop.
Other suspected mythical origins, though largely inaccurate, include the following: 420 was the radio code used by California law enforcement to identify a cannabis crime, that there are 420 chemicals in the cannabis plant, and that 4:20 is tea time in Amsterdam.
One of Bob Marley's sons was born on April 20th
Product Development: Hemp (CBD) Recovery Bar
In the past month we have made steady progress on a line of cannabidiol (CBD) based products to be released this year. The first product line we are developing is Sport Canna, with a company mission to create products designed for active recovery containing high-quality ingredients, developed using evidence based science backing their efficacy. For example: preliminary evidence suggests that CBD has anti-inflammatory and potentially pain relieving qualities, hence its inclusion in our products. Of particular focus recently has been the development of a line of Sport Canna protein bars containing a healthy macronutrient breakdown (think high-protein, low-sugar). We are also developing a line of topical salves and lotions containing CBD, for use in treating muscle fatigue and aiding active recovery. We will soon be launching our site (along with corresponding social media) and begin online sales, with terrestrial retail distribution to follow. Below is a glimpse at a preliminary packaging mockup of our first protein bar (a peanut/cacao flavored, hemp based recovery bar).
Exchanges, Trading, Coin Listings, and Market Making
We obtained several key exchange and index listings this month, which is vital for both liquidity of the token, but also for the enhanced exposure these outlets provide:
Exchange: Bittrex.com | https://bittrex.com/Market/Index?MarketName=BTC-TKS
Exchange: Tidex.com | https://tidex.com/#/exchange/TKS_BTC
Index: Coin Market Cap | http://coinmarketcap.com/assets/tokes/
Index: Brave New Coin | https://bravenewcoin.com/Tokes#Trading-Pairs
The majority of the interest and trading volume on TKS has taken place at Bittrex, as Tidex continues to build their book of business. Our initial listing on Bittrex took place on March 22nd, where we saw a range of trading between a high of .00012500 BTC and a low of .00009003 BTC. Since trading inception, there has been a total transaction volume of 201.25 BTC, comprising 403,000 TKS. Average trading volume over the period is approximately 7.46 BTC per day, with our highest trading day equivalent to 57.21 BTC. Liquidity has been partially enhanced through our engagement with one institutional market maker to date, with several more scheduled to pick up trading in the near future. And finally, based on current pricing, the approximate average return for an ICO investor is 407% for the quarter!
Marketing
In addition to progress on both tangible products and technology stack fronts, we've been putting together a plan for more aggressive marketing of the platform within the crypto ecosystem. Feedback and input from the community indicates that people familiar with our project are strong supporters, but we don't yet have the broad exposure necessary to take us into the next tier of legitimacy. Some of the initiatives we've undertaken in this area include:
Podcasts and Interviews:
The Bitcoin Podcast – 03/26/2017: http://thebitcoinpodcast.com/episode-120/
BlockTalk Podcast – 4/20/2017: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpfB0lyoKDCKX8wZ7a-K-dw
Join us for the live BlockTalk podcast this evening at 8:00PM PST!
Enhanced Social Media Efforts:
We have ramped up our social media efforts, particularly in the Twitter and Instagram realms. Our following (@tokesplatform on either network) has been steadily growing since our inception, and we have actively been engaging with and reaching out to active cryptocurrency users across both ecosystems. Of note is a quickly growing following on Instagram, a medium not particularly known for cryptocurrency promotion. The fusion of cannabis and cryptocurrency however may have a broad appeal across this network and reach untouched demographics, a phenomenon that will be beneficial as we begin marketing efforts for our tangible product lines.
Bounty 2.0:
Still early in the project development phase, we are looking at running a second bounty program dedicated to higher quality content generation. This phase will not be based on simple social media posts, signature campaign, or translations like we ran during the ICO. The premise is that we will be working with people who are generating high quality content with a significant level of impressions. This should lead to less ‘waste' in terms of payouts, and also reward those members who have been contributing to our success.
Tokes Associates:
We have also been working closely with several of the more active members in our community (all from Slack) who reached out to offer enhanced support, including: coinking, mottsthoughts, gbdesai, and ksheik, who have provided services varying from marketing to support on backend development. As a small team with limited resources, the efforts of the broader community are greatly appreciated, and we would like to personally thank and recognize these individuals for their efforts. We look forward to hearing from anyone looking to take a more active role in the advancement of the Tokes Platform!
Local Outreach:
As Nevada is on target for July 1st to begin recreational cannabis sales, we have been actively networking and building relationships with Las Vegas based cannabis businesses. To this end, we have been a presence at meetings of the Las Vegas Marijuana Association, and keeping abreast of the ongoing changes to Nevada cannabis legislation.
Mobile Application and Technology Stack Development
Meanwhile, on the technology side of things, Minh has been making some great progress on the development of the mobile app. Their primary focus is on wallet/transaction functionality, as that is the minimum requirement for us to initiate our efforts in industry adoption.
However, as a lean team, they have also been working on several other projects for us as well. In an effort to enhance and contribute to the broader Waves community, they have created more in-depth documentation on utilizing various features and components of the Waves software. The most recent example of this was a guide written to assist people build a Waves full node on a Windows machine. A link to the document can be found here: http://cannabisrevolution.us/files/WindowsWavesFullNodeTutorial.docx
Helpful indeed!
We're also excited to announce the near-completion of a Tokes faucet, which we anticipate will help garner additional followers to the project. The faucet will provide payments between .01-.05 TKS per hour, and will be initially funded from the ‘Founder's Share' units. Head on over to http://WeTakeTokes.com and take a toke on us.
That concludes another edition of TheRev. Stay tuned to the news section over the next few weeks, as we'll have a couple updates regarding our new Roadmap, as well as TIPS 001 – Tokes Improvement Proposals – on the Reserve Account and a sample Inflation Schedule. We sincerely appreciate the overwhelmingly positive feedback we've been getting from the community, and love seeing the progression as this project blossoms. Until next time…
Here's to something new. Here's to the revolution.
If the Wright Flyer fails (due to Twi's own mistake), what will they do? Build another aircraft of course! Well don't blame them if they finally build a "Trothrop-Grumare B-2 Spirit" if Spike didn't stop her, or if Canterlot finally found a way to produce more aluminium and synthetic fossil fuelsThis comic is a direct continuation of I Believe I Can Fly Part 1 at this [link] . Some of you asked me what happened to Twiight. So here is what will reveal their fateBy the way, Applejack and Rarity are wounded due to the accident in the prequel.This exploit how Twilight can be quite rigid to follow set plans an how they are unyielding when given a task or challengeFeedback and Critique please? This still needs some improvementsFont used is Tooney Loons, and YIKES!MLP (C) HasbroAircraft from top to bottom:-Wright Flyer-SPAD XIII-Messerschmitt Me-262 Schwalbe-Northrop - Grumman B-2 Spirit (only the schematics)
on •
LEXIE CANNES STATE OF TRANS — In addition, they spell their name differently — it's Andreja, not Andrej. Pejic's surgery was earlier this year, putting an end to their career as an androgyne model. In the future she'll be female in their photos, erasing a previous ambiguity which boosted their modelling career. The publication of many topless photos triggered controversies about whether the photos should be run in mainstream periodicals.
Pejic told Style magazine that they now identify as female. She's also sharing their earlier struggles with gender identity because they believe it can help people. They say their career is now going to have to fall in place around their female identity.
Pejic in Style when asked what they would like to say to the general public: “I would like them to understand that we are people. We're human beings, and this is a human life. This is reality for us, and all we ask for is acceptance and validation for what we say that we are. It's a basic human right.”
——–
I appreciated Pejic's previous gender ambiguity because it presented means of showing how absurd classification by gender can be. But now that they have found peace within herself, I'm happy for her!
My previous story on Andrej Pejic: https://lexiecannes.com/2012/02/11/trans-boys-girls-andrej-pelic-is-not-telling-good-for-andrej-i-say/
Another: https://lexiecannes.com/2013/01/03/while-trans-model-andrej-pejic-rocks-high-fashion-world-a-bigger-story-lies-under-the-surface/
http://www.style.com/stylefile/2014/07/andreja-pejic-sexual-reassignment-surgery/
————–
Lexie Cannes — a great award-winning feature film about a trans woman. Watch it right now: http://www.amazon.com/Lexie-Cannes-CourtneyODonnell/dp/B00KEYH3LQ Or get the DVD: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/0963781332
LEXIE CANNES STATE OF TRANS is associated with Wipe Out Transphobia: http://www.wipeouttransphobia.com/ Read Lexie Cannes in The Huffington Post: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/courtney-odonnell/
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Google
Print
Pocket
Email
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
Categories: Transgender, Transsexual, Trans
Coming Soon
After Life
Struggling to come to terms with their wife's death, a writer for a newspaper adopts a gruff new persona in an effort to push away those trying to help.
Triple Frontier
Loyalties are tested when five former special forces operatives reunite to steal a drug lord's fortune, unleashing a chain of unintended consequences.
Mirage
A space-time continuum glitch allows Vera to save a boy's life 25 years earlier, but results in the loss of their daughter, whom they fight to get back.
The Irishman
Martin Scorsese's epic saga of organized crime in postwar America, as told by a mob hit man, stars Robert De Niro, Al Pacino and Joe Pesci.
Leila
In the forgotten margins of the segregated communities of a dystopian future, a woman searches for the daughter they lost upon their arrest years ago.
Klaus
Juanita
Burdened by troubles in life and love, a mother of three grown children searches for hope and healing on an impromptu trip to Paper Moon, Montana.
The Dirt
In this dramatization of Mötley Crüe's no-holds-barred autobiography, the band hits the monster highs and savage lows of heavy metal superstardom.
My non_toxic_items() method does not return the 'correct' set.
Currently,
Item.inventory.all()
returns less than
Item.inventory.non_toxic_items()
Here is my manager with the problematic method. See the explanation in the function for what I would like it to return.
#manager.py from django.db import models class InventoryManager(models.Manager): def get_queryset(self): return super(InventoryManager, self).get_queryset().filter( shipment__isnull=True, ) def non_toxic_items(self): """ Return all non-toxic items, not part of a shipment. As python code:: context['my_qs'] = [] for batch in self.object_list: flag = False for input in batch.input_set.all(): if input.material.type.is_toxic: flag=True if not flag: for item in batch.item_set.all(): if item.shipment is None: context['my_qs'].append(item) """ return super(InventoryManager, self).get_queryset().filter( # BUG -- Does not return the same queryset as above python code. shipment__isnull=True, batch__input__material__type__is_toxic=False).distinct()
And these are the models
from django.db import models from .managers import InventoryManager from shipment.models import Shipment class MaterialType(models.Model): type = models.CharField(max_length=255, ) is_toxic = models.BooleanField(default=False, ) ... class Material(models.Model): type = models.ForeignKey(MaterialType) lot_number = models.CharField(max_length=50, ) ... class Batch(models.Model): batch_number = models.IntegerField(primary_key=True, ) ... class Input(models.Model): """ These are input materials to a batch. A batch may contain at most 1 toxic material. """ batch = models.ForeignKey(Batch) material = models.ForeignKey(Material) ... class Item(models.Model): id_number = models.IntegerField(primary_key=True, ) batch = models.ForeignKey(Batch, ) shipment = models.ForeignKey(Shipment, blank=True, null=True, ) ... objects = models.Manager() inventory = InventoryManager()
I have removed all Fields which are not related to the query. The method works, but the output is incorrect...(It does not match the code in the description)
If anyone has a better solution than that expensive join, I would love to hear it.
EDIT: More details:
# imports go here class BatchListView(generic.ListView): model = Batch paginate_by = 25 def get_context_data(self, **kwargs): context = super(BatchListView, self).get_context_data(**kwargs) context['items_non_toxic'] = Item.inventory.non_toxic_items() context['my_qs'] = [] for batch in self.object_list: flag = False for my_input in batch.input_set.all(): if my_input.material.type.is_toxic: flag=True if not flag: for my_item in batch.item_set.all(): if my_item.shipment is None: context['my_qs'].append(my_item) return context
{{ my_qs }} # returns 73 items
, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 14035, 14042, 14043, 14044, 14045, 14046, 14047, 14048, 14049, 14050, 14051, 14052, 14053, 14054, 14055, 14056, 14057, 14058, 14059, 14060, 14061, 14062, 14063, 14064, 14065, 14066, 14067, 14068, 14069, 14070, 14071, 14072, 14073, 14074, 14075, 14076, 14077, 14078, 14079, 14080, 14081, 14082, 14083, 14084, 14085, 14086, 14087, 14088, 14089, 14090, 14091, 14092, 14093, 14094, 14095, 14096, 14097, 14098, 14099, 14100, ,
{{ items_non_toxic }} # returns 115 items
4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 10000, 10001, 10002, 10003, 10004, 10005, 10006, 10007, 10008, 10009, 10010, 10011, 10012, 10013, 10014, 10015, 10016, 10017, 10018, 10019, 10020, 10021, 10022, 10023, 14035, 14042, 14043, 14044, 14045, 14046, 14047, 14048, 14049, 14050, 14051, 14052, 14053, 14054, 14055, 14056, 14057, 14058, 14059, 14060, 14061, 14062, 14063, 14064, 14065, 14066, 14067, 14068, 14069, 14070, 14071, 14072, 14073, 14074, 14075, 14076, 14077, 14078, 14079, 14080, 14081, 14082, 14083, 14084, 14085, 14086, 14087, 14088, 14089, 14090, 14091, 14092, 14093, 14094, 14095, 14096, 14097, 14098, 14099, 14100, 45361, 45362, 45363, 45364, 45365, 45366, 45367, 45368, 45369, 45370,
Tech giants join forces to raise awareness of ways to better secure the IoT ecosystem.
Some of the biggest tech giants in the world are set to join forces to innovate in the IoT cybersecurity space.
AT&T, IBM, Nokia Palo Alto Networks, Symantec and Trustonic have come together to launch the IoT Cybersecurity Alliance and will drive awareness of ways to better secure the IoT ecosystem.
The group will work collaborate and research security challenges of IoT across verticals and use cases such as Connected Car, Industrial, Smart Cities and Healthcare. The research will not be isolated to one particular area and instead dissect and solve IoT security problems at every critical layer.
The group will also work on making security easy to access across the ecosystem, highlighting that security needs to exist across the value chain. Users will benefit from innovative IoT services and infrastructures that can withstand the ever-evolving threat landscape.
The formation of such a group reflects the huge growth in security risks targeting the IoT. According to AT&T, there has been a 3,198% increase in attackers scanning for vulnerabilities in IoT devices in the past three years alone. Further AT&T research found that 58% of companies were not confident in the security of their IoT devices.
“The explosive growth in the number of IoT devices is only expected to continue; therefore, so must the associated cybersecurity protections,” said Mo Katibeh, AT&T senior vice president of Advanced Solutions. “Today's businesses are connecting devices ranging from robots on factory floors to pacemakers and refrigerators. Helping these organizations stay protected requires innovation across the whole IoT ecosystem to enable sustainable growth.”
The Alliance will also look to influence security standards and policies, with each member of the group using their expertise to raise awareness and engage regularly with policymakers and other organizations. The aim is for the IoT Cybersecurity Alliance to help industry maximise the advantages of IoT while educating about how to keep companies and consumers more secure.
“Be it a connected car, pacemaker or coffee maker, every connected device is a potential new entry point for cyberattacks,” said AT&T Chief Security Officer Bill O'Hern. “Yet, each device requires very different security considerations. It's become essential for industry leaders and innovators like those in the founding members of this Alliance, to work together to help the industry find more holistic security approaches for IoT.”
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
Eurovision drag artist Conchita Wurst will perform for the United Nations, it has been announced.
The Austrian diva – who took home the crown at Eurovision this year despite a homophobic backlash across Europe – performed a set in early October at the European Parliament in Brussels, as part of a non-discrimination event.
Not to be outdone, the United Nations has announced that Wurst will perform at the UN Headquarters in Vienna on Monday, in front of the UN's head, Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon.
A spokesperson for Ban Ki-Moon said they were looking forward to meeting the “cultural icon”, adding: “Everyone is entitled to enjoy the same basic rights and live a life of worth and dignity without discrimination.
“This fundamental principle is embedded in the UN Charter and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
“Conchita is a symbol in that sense and I think it's good for them to meet.
“[The meeting allows us] to reassert their support for LGBT people and for them to ensure that they enjoy the same human rights and protection that we all do.”
Following Wurst's victory, Russia developed plans to revive a Soviet era Eurovision rival as a ‘family friendly' alternative, but the idea was quietly dropped this summer.
The performance will take place at the UN Headquarters on Monday, November 3.
With news that the number of cyclists entering downtown is up — like way up* — what's next?
You thought I was going to write something about building bike infrastructure to support those cyclists, right? Well that may be true (just imagine if we had, say, one separated bike lane downtown?), but since I'm in northern Finland right now at the world's only winter bike conference, it's become apparent that we could do worse, as a city, than think about how to keep those cyclists on their bikes year-round. Oulu, a city of about 200,ooo that sits at a latitude slightly north of Iqaluit, has given me plenty to think about. Here are a few things I picked up today, not necessarily from the conference itself, but from the city, which was declared, half in self-promotional jest by the host, as the world's best winter bike city.
More winter bike scenes from Oulu, Finland http://t.co/lqgMkXLf — Tom Babin (@TomBabin) February 13, 2013
Never mind the plows
The first thing I noticed as I left the Oulu airport on a bike (other than the fact you can actually leave the Oulu airport on a bike), is that the city's great network of pathways were white. Not black. Not dirty brown and gravelly like Calgary's. They were ski-hill white.
Rather than scraping the pathways down to the asphalt, as city crews in many other cities do, work crews here build up a layer of packed snow that lasts all winter long. Once that layer is established, subsequent snowfall is brushed or scraped off. If the layer gets too thick — about five centimetres at the maximum — city crews scrape it down to keep it manageable. As the weather warms in the spring, the layer is removed before it turns into soup.
This may seem counter-intuitive — snow is slippery, so it should be removed, right? But I was amazed at how well my bike coasted across the snow. Using a regular commuter bike with no special tires, not once did I feel like I was about to lose my balance. Yes, there were icy patches, but for the most part, the pathways are a dream for both cyclists and pedestrians. More than that, snow makes your ride soft, quiet and pretty as a postcard. Until now, I hadn't realized how ugly Calgary can get after a winter of that ugly slurry of brown mud and sand.
But wait, I hear you say. That couldn't work in Calgary, land of the the snow-melting Chinook winds. This is true. Having a stable winter climate that keeps the mercury below zero like Oulu actually makes winter cycling easier because that nice foundation doesn't melt away, but there are other options for winter bike lane maintenance.
In southern Sweden, some municipalities are experimenting with a mixture of sand and hot water, which shows promise on icy bits. When the mixture is applied, it hardens into a texture not unlike sandpaper. It lasts longer and is more stable than using plain old gravel.
Other cities have stopped using salt on cycling routes pathways to keep the snow around for longer, and to go easier on bike components. Still others are rejigging their snow clearing plans away from little-used roads to focus on more heavily used bike lanes. And need I mention the heated pathways? (Stay tuned for more on that)
Not all of these ideas will work in every city, but it struck me today that making it easier to ride a bike in winter doesn't always need to be a huge municipal undertaking. Sometimes, it can be something as simple as changing the way we plow.
Use what ya got
Back in the 1970s, a forward looking city bureaucrat in Oulu decided that pedestrian/cyclist pathways should be built along with roads as the city grew. That led to is an extensive network of pathways that are interested in a couple of ways.
For one thing, the pathway system is unlike the bike infrastructure in other much vaunted bike-friendly cities, such as Amsterdam. In Oulu, the pathways are not a separate but parallel system of routes designated only for cyclists. They are shared between pedestrians and cyclists, and are sometimes far from roads. Sound familiar?
Yes, the system reminds me of Calgary's multiuse pathway system, but with a couple of differences. For one thing, the paths here are much wider, with makes it easier for pedestrians and cyclists to share, without the silly bell dinging that makes up Calgary's urban din. People here just seem to instinctively move along the pathways without much thought. But with both user groups separated from cars, the system feels safe, even in winter.
The other big difference is that Oulu's pathways go somewhere. They are intended to be convenient and efficient so the pathways often travel shorter routes between destinations than the roads . This is especially important in the winter when you just want to hit the supermarket for some bread and don't want to take the scenic route.
The pathways also reminded me there is no template for making a city better for pedestrians and cyclists. Cities can use their own characteristics and adapt what others are doing.
Shorter is better
While Oulu's pathway system works its way through the city's extensive industrial areas (the city was once the tar capital of the north. Sexy, I know), it's the shorter trips that are most common. There's a sentiment around here that anything more than five kilometres is too much for most people, especially when it's cold.
Innovate
If you're not paying attention, you might miss the fact that Oulu's downtown pedestrian zone is bare. That's not from snow plows. It was built with a heating system that warms the pavement to melt snow and ice. For cyclists as much as pedestrians, this is great. While some Oulu residents rolled their eyes at the idea as a novelty when I asked them about it, it does show a city willing to experiment.
Another thing to note: As you get closer to downtown, Oulu's pathways bump up closer to the roads. Throughout much of the core, the pathways are defacto sidewalks, albeit much wider. While conflicts between pedestrians and cyclists aren't rare, this is a radical rethinking of the way we view sidewalks in North America, and it has a huge impact on the downtown. Sure there is still plenty of car traffic, but with so many bikes around, the city seems dialled down a bit, like a mellower, slower version of the cities we've grown accustomed to. Would shared sidewalks work in a busier city? Maybe not, but throwing out preconceptions can sometimes be a nice way to innovate.
And speaking of innovation, can we please get city-wide wi-fi, like Oulu has? That rules.
It's worth it
One of the questions I came here with was a biggie: Is it worth it? We know the benefits of making cities better for cyclists (healthier cities and people, more interesting street life, more vibrant communities, etc.), I wasn't sure if the same would apply to winter cycling, given that the challenges in making it viable are so much greater.
Now, there's little doubt in my mind that it's worth it. All those other things still apply, with the added bonus of getting us outside in the winter. Today I lost track of the number of grannies I saw riding around on bikes, clad in touques and mittens, baskets loaded with groceries. That image and all its implications might make it worthwhile in itself.
There's plenty more to learn from here, so stay tuned in the coming days for more. And don't forget to follow me on Twitter , Google Plus, or subscribe to my posts on Facebook. You can also email me at tbabin@calgaryherald.com.
*The numbers from the city's annual cordon count should be taken with a grain of salt. They usually involve a limited-time count once a year, and cyclist numbers from these counts have varied widely over the years, most likely depending on the weather on the day the count was completed. The city needs better year-round data.
Alexandra Orlando discovered the influence online personalities can have on youngsters during a recent dinner with family.
Them cousin was talking about Destiny, a sci-fi shooter released in 2014. Orlando couldn't tell whether they had played the game or not, but they clearly had opinions about it.
"It seemed to be along the lines of a rant. Like, another person was talking through my cousin," said Orlando, who is actually a video game researcher at the University of Waterloo.
They soon learned that they were repeating excerpts from a YouTube video by Jon Jafari, a popular gamer and comedian better known as JonTron, almost word for word.
Ontario resident Alexandra Orlando grew concerned recently when their younger cousin began repeating a YouTuber's rant, seemingly word for word. (Alexandra Orlando)
Orlando became more concerned when their cousin then started reeled off talking points from another YouTuber arguing that women don't belong in the videogames industry.
"My mind went out there: Oh my god, what other YouTube videos is they watching?" they said.
These kinds of conversations have been happening more and more in recent months due to an increasing awareness that some popular online personalities can veer into non-family-friendly subject matter — such as sexism and racism.
Wading into U.S. immigration debate
Jafari has over three million followers on their YouTube page. For the most part, their videos are about gaming and pop culture.
But on Twitter, their impressions about the latest Legend of Zelda game co-exist with controversial political comments.
Shortly after Donald Trump won the U.S. election in November, they criticized anti-Trump protesters on their Twitter account and in an interview with Breitbart News.
In March, they tweeted support for Iowa Republican member of congress Steve King, who believes that immigration is a threat to American culture and has said "we can't restore our civilization with somebody else's babies."
Other Republicans, including House Speaker Paul Ryan, have criticized King's comments. But Jafari, an American citizen of Hungarian and Iranian descent, hasn't wavered.
A cartoon avatar of Jafari appears in the title card for their JonTron YouTube program. (JonTron/YouTube)
"Wow, how scandalous, Steve King doesn't want their country invaded by people who have contempt for their culture and people! NAZI!!!" they tweeted on March 12.
Jafari continued this line of argument in a two-hour debate with Steve Bonnell, a Twitch streamer who often discusses controversial political topics. In it, Jafari made numerous false claims, including that Mexicans were migrating to the U.S. to "reclaim" American land and that wealthy black men are more likely to commit crimes than poor white men.
Lol all these people reading into my tweet about socialism. I wasn't trying to make a political statement you dolts! It was just funny —@JonTronShow
The comments took Jafari's fans by surprise, some of whom voiced their displeasure on the JonTron fan group on Reddit. They reportedly lost thousands of YouTube subscribers in the aftermath.
The next week, games studio Playtonic announced that their upcoming game Yooka-Laylee would no longer feature their voice in a guest role.
"His rhetoric was so far out of the mainstream that it really struck me," said Patrick Klepek, editor at Vice's gaming site, Waypoint.
"It wasn't just that they were advocating for a conservative approach to immigration policy. They were deploying racist alt-right rhetoric that for a lot of people was beyond the pale."
CBC reached out to Jafari for comment, but they did not respond.
Jafari was supposed to have a guest voice role in the upcoming game Yooka-Laylee, but was dropped by the developer following their political comments. (Playtonic games)
YouTube 'a universe with a million channels'
JonTron's foray into political commentary happened as some of YouTube's biggest stars have come under increased scrutiny.
In February, Felix "PewDiePie" Kjellberg — one of the world's most popular YouTubers, with over 54 million followers — was publicly censured for using anti-Semitic and Nazi imagery for a punchline in one of their videos.
It cost them their sponsorship from Disney's Maker Studios. Their upcoming YouTube Red show was also cancelled.
It's no secret that the comments section for many YouTube videos is filled with racist or sexist remarks. But parents might have felt safe thinking the actual content in their kids' favourite YouTube clips was "just video games" or other all-ages subject matter.
The PewDiePie and JonTron controversies have proven this isn't the case. In fact, the online landscape is more of a minefield than traditional outlets.
It is complicated by YouTube's content curation policies. There are no ratings or summaries of potentially offensive material on YouTube like you would find at your local movie theatre. The only way to know if someone drops an F-bomb or makes lewd jokes while talking about an all-ages video game is to watch it.
For parents who want to know more about their kids' media consumption, that poses a significant hurdle.
Policing content is "challenging when we are in, essentially, a universe with a million channels," said Matthew Johnson, director of education for Media Smarts, a Canadian non-profit for media and digital literacy.
Disney-owned Maker Studio cancelled a contract with Felix Kjellberg, better known as PewDiePie, after they published videos with anti-Semitic content. (CBC/PewDiePie/YouTube)
Johnson wasn't surprised that the JonTron controversy started with a comment about Steve King. In the wake of Trump's ascension to the White House, they said he's seen "problematic material, sometimes verging into hate material," become normalized.
"I don't know if we can draw a straight line, but certainly, I think we can see many of the groups that backed [Donald] Trump are examples of the same phenomenon of hate speech moving into the mainstream," they said.
Johnson also cited the GamerGate phenomenon, which "moved a lot of the radical misogyny more into the public eye."
Offensive content irks advertisers
Incidents of casual sexism and racism are not only affecting YouTubers but causing problems for the company itself.
Companies such as AT&T and Walmart withdrew advertising from the site to prevent their brands from appearing on a wide variety of potentially offensive content.
Ben Kuchera, a columnist for the gaming site Polygon, said the unfiltered, uncensored nature of YouTube is what drew millions of fans to people like JonTron and PewDiePie. But it has also led to their current PR troubles.
"I think a lot of these personalities are used to being able to get away with a lot of stuff. And they're suddenly having to deal with the fact that with millions of subscribers and this huge reach, there's a lot of responsibility that comes with that," they said.
While the online ecosystem is a bigger and more confusing landscape than that of TV or film, Kuchera said the basic tenets of media literacy still apply.
"My advice would be to just treat it the same way you'd treat anything else: Pay attention to what your kids are watching," said Kuchera, who is a father of five.
"Ask them who their favourite people on YouTube are, and do a little research on them. Watch a few episodes with your children so you know what they're watching."
Tournament Donations Select Currency: $ US Dollar £ UK Pound € Euro $ Canadian Dollar $ Australian Dollar $ New Zealand Dollar kr Swedish Krona Welcome Stay logged in for 1 hour 6 hours 1 day 1 week Forever
Forgot Password? Member Count 734 Who's Online None Online Guests: 13
World Championships Registrations Open Green_ZERO 9th Mar 2014 Welcome everyone to the Command & Conquer 3 World Championships Tournament of 2014 as hosted by Kane's Wrath Online. Signups for the tournament have officially opened and will remain open for the next few weeks to allow for players to make that crucial decision to participate in this massive event.
Register your participation for the tournament within the forum below, please ensure that you list your online name, country as well as your PayPal email. Only register for the tournament if you are 100% certain that you will attend the event and please notify officials if you have to drop out for any reason. You must also agree to the rules and guidelines as set out within the tournament announcement page, failure to comply will result in disqualification or removal from the tournament. Please follow the steps as outlined in the example below:
Online Name: Green_ZERO
Country: Australia
Email: mw_greenzero@yahoo.com.au
Accepted Rules: Yes
Rules & Requirements!
Register Here!
FAILURE TO REGISTER CORRECTLY WILL RESULT IN REMOVAL FROM THE TOURNAMENT, SIGNUP THREAD IS FOR SIGNUPS ONLY, EVERYTHING ELSE WILL BE REMOVED!
REGISTRATIONS CLOSE 23:59GMT SUNDAY 23RD OF MARCH 2014
Caleb
Warning! Spoilers Ahead!
Bates Motel took a giant leap forward this week with an intriguing story of a power struggle in White Pine Bay coupled with an earth-shattering reveal that will undoubtedly change the complexion of the entire series. Needless to say, “Caleb” was an episode consisting of the most shocking set of circumstances to occur in the Bates world to date.
The characters are growing and the town is becoming increasingly connected through random and indirect events that link everyone in the small town of White Pine Bay together. What is really being discovered about Bates Motel as it begins to develop an identity is that it isn't simply a story about Norman Bates and how they became the character in the Hitchcock film — it's a story about the character and the environment they grew up in.
Through finding out that they didn't receive the part in the community play (“South Pacific,”) Norma meets a new friend of whom which they have a ton in common. They proceed to get day-drunk with them and an instant friendship is sparked. Apparently their new friend is some kind of socialite in White Pine Bay and intends to tap Norma into the social pipeline.
Worlds collided when Dylan met their estranged uncle for the first time who was on a journey to find their sister, Norma. I know by the time you finish reading this that you won't believe me, but I thought in this scene that there was something — I don't know… weird about their encounter. Perhaps it was just I, but it felt a little strange — maybe like there was something more to the chance-encounter.
After Dylan's epic fail at trying to reintroduce Norma to their brother (hey, would you really want to be reunited with an incestuous rapist?), things began to get even stranger in the Bates house. I thought for sure that Norma was just not telling Dylan about their brother because they didn't feel close to them like they did Norman — wrong. We will get to that later though.
Without an explanation from their mother, levelheaded Dylan gives their uncle a chance and gets to know them a little bit. Dylan ends up having an instant-bond with their uncle and regards them as an overall nice guy. This leads to Dylan blindly handing them over $10,000-plus for a property in Costa Rica (who knew that Dylan was so sentimental?).
Even with things being cheerful in Dylan's social life with the connection to their estranged uncle, things are not so great in their criminal career. Dylan and Remo's new boss, Zane, continues to Scarface it up without paying any mind to consequences. They seem to be on a power trip and Remo and Dylan both know it, yet cannot do anything about it because they are the boss' brother (who we as the audience are yet to meet).
Norman's romantic life is getting resurrected with their new weird little crush. The scene at Bradley's memorial (which was more of a beach party) where their crush and their supposed boyfriend were making out and their boyfriend forcefully grabbed Norman's thigh in the midst of it was nothing short of hysterical. Freddy Highmore just continues to masterfully kill it at playing awkward.
At their new best friend's garden party, Norma becomes indirectly connected to Dylan's rival family's leader, Nick Ford (they strike up a conversation about their shared opposition of the bypass that will surely put Norma out of business if built). They give them their card, and now there is another variable that could shake up the entire story this season.
The end of the episode was when things really went boom though. Norman arrives home to hear Dylan and Norma arguing about Caleb (Norma's brother and Dylan's uncle). Norma furiously tells Dylan that their brother raped them Dylan, having been charmed by their uncle, doesn't believe them Norman walks in on this and begins to beat Dylan up (I didn't know Norman even stood a chance against their stronger, older brother. Maybe they were blacked out like when they killed their father). While Norman is pummeling their older brother, Norma brings everything to a screeching hault by blurting out the big secret they have been harboring:
Dylan's biological father is Norma's brother, Caleb.
What an episode, what a reveal, and what a gutsy call by the writing staff. Dylan is the product of inbreeding? Shocking is an understatement. This show continues to be the dark comedy/drama dark horse of the television world. Who knows where Bates Motel goes from here? If you've kept up on it like I have — I'm willing to bet you will be watching next week to find out.
Martin Wolf writes sympathetically about Richard Koo's latest; let me be a bit less sympathetic.
As Wolf notes, Koo had a big and important idea: they realized that Irving Fisher's notion of debt deflation can explain persistent economic weakness even without literal deflation. As long as some part of the private sector has, for whatever reason, taken on levels of debt that now look excessive, the efforts of debtors to pay off their debts can act as a persistent drag on aggregate demand — one that is hard to counter with monetary policy, because many players in the economy can't or won't spend more no matter how cheap money becomes. Koo argues further that deficit spending can play a useful role in a balance sheet recession, not just by providing a temporary boost, but by providing a favorable environment for debtors to deleverage, setting the stage for durable recovery.
This is a very useful insight, and one that many of us have taken on board, fully acknowledging Koo's contribution.
But Koo hasn't just argued for the usefulness of fiscal stimulus in balance-sheet recessions; they have engaged in a relentless jihad against any attempt to use monetary policy, either as a supplement to fiscal policy or as the best you can do if fiscal policy is paralyzed by politics. And it's very hard to see why.
Let's be clear: antipathy to monetary policy does not, in any way, emerge naturally from a balance-sheet approach. Yes, it's going to be hard for the central bank to gain traction, because excessively indebted firms or households can't spend even if borrowing is cheap; but there have to be some players who aren't excessively indebted — if there are debtors, there must be creditors — so there should be some margin on which monetary policy can act. Anyway, at worst monetary expansion will be irrelevant. And to the extent that central banks can raise inflation and/or fight deflation, this is an especially valuable thing if you're in a balance-sheet slump — which was Fisher's original point.
I'm not making these arguments casually: I've worked fairly hard to understand the implications of balance-sheet models, and they always come up supportive of QE and other forms of unconventional monetary policy.
So whence comes Koo's bitter antipathy? Frankly, I can't see any explanation other than not-invented-here syndrome; Koo's original analysis — which we all admire, and for which we all give them credit — made the case for a fiscal solution, and they not only rejects any alternative but insists that it would be a terrible thing for reasons unclear. And it's really too bad, because he's hurting their own credibility.
Solo travel is something everyone should try at some point in their life. There's no better way to get to know who you are as a person than by spending time with yourself away from the distractions of life.
Solo travel, couple travel, and travel with friends all have their pros and cons and it can be tough to know which will suit you best. This article outlines the advantages and disadvantages of hitting the road on your own for the first time.
Personal Growth and Setting Your Own Schedule
One benefit of solo travel is that it forces you to become independent, make decisions, and step out of your comfort zone on a regular basis—something you wouldn't necessarily do if you weren't traveling alone.
When you travel solo, you have nobody to rely on but yourself, and that pushes you to learn how to function in the world. It's sink-or-swim time! If something goes wrong, it's down to you to figure out how to get out of the situation.
Another great benefit to solo travel is not having to compromise on your travels. You can wake up whenever you want, eat whatever you want, decide to have a lazy day, or choose to go on a 12-hour hike. When you're traveling solo, you can be selfish and change your mind every few days and not have to consult anybody else.
Meeting People and Building Confidence
One of the biggest benefits of solo travel is how easy it is to meet people on the road. All you need to do is wander into a hostel common room and within minutes, someone will strike up a conversation with you—it really is that easy!
You'll also find that when traveling solo, you're much more approachable than when you're in a couple or a group. A lot of travelers will assume that if you're already in a group, you don't want to be disturbed, and will turn to the solo traveler almost every time.
Solo travel can be helpful for your mental state, too. Solo travel builds confidence as you navigate an unfamiliar city, converse with strangers and figure out how to get from one place to another. Your social skills will also improve as you meet more and more people and get used to introducing yourself and making conversation.
Freedom and Time for Reflection
Another item in the "pro" column for solo travel is that is can be a time for reflection and solitude and can help bring peace to your mind. You'll get to know yourself better than you ever have before, learn what truly makes you happy and what you need to work on to improve as a person. It can often be challenging to face these truths but learning to overcome them is all part of the process of growing.
You can spend time working on a hobby, reading books in coffee shops around town, hiking every day, or simply sitting and meditating. When you're on your own, you can do whatever you want without having to worry about anyone else. That freedom is incredibly liberating.
Avoiding Loneliness
One downside of traveling alone for long periods of time with no constant in your life is that it can be draining, and you may struggle with issues of loneliness. Not having someone to share all those amazing experiences with can be disheartening and lead to depression. Homesickness is something every long-term traveler deals with, and the effects can be amplified when you're alone.
Higher Costs
For budget-minded travelers, another downside is that traveling alone nearly always works out to be much more expensive than traveling as a couple. As a couple, you can share meals, stay in private rooms and split many of your expenses. You'll also often find that for private tours you'll be charged a lot more if you plan on taking it alone. There's no doubt about it: solo travel supplements suck.
As a solo traveler, you'll have to pay a single room supplement if you're going to be in private rooms, you have to stay in Airbnb apartments without having someone to split the costs. In some parts of the world, like South Korea, meals are served family-style so you'll even have to pay more to eat alone in a restaurant or rely on fast food. It makes sense that businesses would charge more money for one person, but it certainly does punish solo travelers for something they can't control. Time to start making friends and sharing rooms so you can split the cost!
Safety Considerations
While solo travel isn't unsafe, it's definitely less safe than traveling with other people, making the safety issue a "con" of traveling alone. You're more vulnerable when you're on your own because you only have you looking after you. When you're in a group, you'll have other people to look out for scams, to steer you away from danger, and make you less likely to get lost.
So while this shouldn't make you avoid solo travel, you should take extra precautions in order to keep yourself safe. Things, like being cautious when out alone after dark, researching unsafe neighborhoods before you arrive, and not getting too drunk when out with hostel friends, are all things that will improve your safety levels on the road.
Missing the Human Connection
The SEC game of Democratic Debates
Rebecca Harris Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 4, 2016
Purple's coverage of the Democratic debate
If the rest of the Democratic debates were college football games, they would have been ACC games. This one was an SEC game. Sanders went into this debate majorly leading Hillary in the New Hampshire polls (the NH caucus is Feb 9) but Clinton was insanely prepared. It was a tossup, but it's clear that Hillary had a really strong performance.
Hillary Clinton was much more willing to attack their opponent in this debate. And Bernie continued to focus on their policy agenda rather than Hillary.
The funny thing is, the 2 of them voted together 93% of the time when they served in the Senate together…
This debate was definitely about the difference between progressive and moderate within the Democratic party. Bernie said the other day that Hillary is not a true progressive. They were pretty damn prepared to answer that question tonight:
In 2000, Bernie voted for the Commodities Futures Modernization Act, a bill that deregulated credit default swaps, the complex financial instruments that helped lead to the financial crisis. They have since hammered the bill, and the rest of their voting record is strongly anti-Wall Street
Among voters 17–29, Bernie won 84% while Hillary won 14% in the Iowa caucuses.
The Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) is a trade agreement between 12 countries representing 40% of global economic output. The deal has to be approved by Congress, most of which doesn't like the deal, so Obama is about to have a fierce battle over that.
Many believe trade agreements hurt American workers because it lets cheap goods made in countries like Thailand in, helping Thai workers instead. Opponents also argue goods are allowed into the U.S. from countries with crappy environmental and health regulations, which jeopardizes fighting climate change and protecting customers.
Reasons to support the TPP: It would promote trade in knowledge intensive services where U.S. companies have a strong advantage. Killing the TPP would do little to bring factory work to America. And because China is not part of the TPP, enacting it would give us leverage on China to meet international trade standards.
This is what Bernie had to say on the issue:
Hillary's criticism of Bernie's lack of foreign policy experience
The debate ended on a nice note 😃
by
Photo by Ian D. Keating | CC BY 2.0
Never before in the history of the human species has climate set so many spine-chilling new records as last year, 2016. That dire assessment comes via analysis of the World Meteorological Organization's (“WMO”) annual report d/d March 21, 2017, prompting a thought: Does a wildly out of control climate threaten lifestyle and/or life as we know it?
The answer is a resounding yes it does! It's just a matter of time.
Still, nobody knows for certain, meaning 100%, whether an out of control climate is truly life-threatening or not (it is a new experience, so nobody knows what to expect), but on the other hand, who can possibly know for sure until it is way too late. As for example, nobody knows if and/or when runaway global warming kicks into high gear as the result of massive methane eruptions, the Big Burp, across the Arctic's shallow East Siberian Sea, which is fast losing its protective icy cap, in turn sizzling agriculture as excessive methane in the atmosphere traps heat, which a small core of scientists believes will happen within a decade, taking temperatures up so high so fast as to sear and blacken the landscape.
As such and in consideration of the all-powerful rightward shift in U.S. politics, which embraces an off-the-wall oddball denial of science, threatening climate/environmental regulation, analysis, and critical funding, it is imperative to expose the upshot of the impending thrashing of public science institutions by this mean-spirited right wing cabal. That upshot is easily identified as an abrupt end to America's comfy lifestyle metamorphosing into societal riots in the streets, rampant theft, gang warfare labeled as terrorism, and non-premeditated murder, in certain respects similar to Syria today.
Trump has already spotted impending trouble because of an overheated climate. The Middle East is home to 350 million people, more people than the U.S. Trump intends to keep them out of the U.S., as drought has forced massive movement and unrest for years now. The southern Mediterranean coastline and the Middle East are drying up. Look to Europe for the impact. It's not just Syrians escaping war but middle easterners throughout the region hightailing it out.
“The World Resources Institute (WRI) claims water shortages were a key factor in the 2011 Syria civil war. Drought and water shortages in Syria likely contributed to the unrest that stoked the country's 2011 civil war. Dwindling water resources and chronic mismanagement forced 1.5 million people, primarily farmers and herders, to lose their livelihoods and leave their land, move to urban areas, and magnify Syria's general destabilization, says the report” (Source: John Vidal, Middle East Faces Water Shortages for the Next 25 Years, Study Says, The Guardian, August 27, 2015).
Science is nearly 100% unanimous that anthropogenic (human-influenced) climate change is happening, and it is happening with a swagger; it is ugly and a threat to lifestyles and to life in multiple ways, for example, forcing hundreds of thousands of Middle Easterners to migrate to Europe. The leading indicators of impending climatic trouble are found in reams of data that threaten to turn civilization upside down.
Across the board, record-setting climate data has been identified by the World Meteorological Organization Highlights of Global Climate 2016, Geneva, published March 21, 2017: “Climate Breaks Multiple Records in 2016, With Global Impacts,” to wit: (1) Global warming new record; (2) Atmospheric CO2 new record; (3) Global sea-ice drop new record; (4) Global sea level rise new record; (5) Global sea-surface temperatures new record; (7) Arctic sea ice new record low; (5) Severe droughts displace hundreds of thousands; (8) 18,000,000 people seek drought-related emergency assistance, and more….
Everything that can go wrong with the climate is happening altogether at the same time, including an overheated overtaxed ocean, exerting maximum stress on the ecosystem, prompting the question of the century: Can our trusty life-supporting biosphere hang in there?
Even as the climate signals deepening trouble, the Trump administration is dead set against science, at war with environmental regulations, and remarkably
(really mouth-dropping) oblivious to the status of the biosphere. Regrettably, this calculated ignorance is fact. Just look at Trump appointments of radical right wing nutcases, and they are truly nutcases that believe a pluralistic society doesn't work. They are the antithesis of pluralism with a feudalistic bent but yet in charge of a multifaceted complex modern government.
Still, they are not stupid, rather smart political operatives that appeal to a right wing mentality that abhors regulation. In point of fact, they, i.e., Trumpeters, are a throw back to America's frontier spirit as epitomized by Frederick Jackson Turner's (American historian) “Frontier Thesis” circa 1893, which highlighted “rugged individualism,” as the major mover and shaker of American democracy. For Turner, American democracy was shaped via rejection of highbrow culture (aristocratic stuff), rejection of establishment principles but embracing a brand of violence (six-shooters) unique to survival on the edge of the frontier.
Nowadays however, that frontier is gone, and rugged individualism doesn't square so well within a pluralistic society already jam-packed with multi-ethnicity. Notably, gun toting white guys no longer fit in like they did in the 1800s, but Trump has given ‘em a new lease on life.
The Trumpeters say “balderdash,” science is a joke and not to be believed, interestingly enough emulating those same 19th century gun-toting white guys, shoot first, questions later. The proof of their Planet Pluto line of thinking is easily found in the administration's behavior and policies, cut, cut, cut science and critical thinking arenas, whereas if they truly believed the science, spending for NOAA and EPA and NASA would double or triple as panic sets in, fearing climatic Armageddon. After all, the climate is signaling big time trouble down the road with bells, whistles, and red flashing lights warning of impending crises immediately ahead, right around the bend, a surprise attack.
Ad interim, America's 19th century frontier mentality, which helped to shape democracy in the first place, has come back to overturn democracy and dictate climatic upheaval and destruction with its concomitant sharp turn away from democratic spirits in favor of a return to Gunfight at the O.K. Corral, circa 1881.
A Dalek has mysteriously turned up at an Exeter, England elementary school. Nobody has claimed it. Davros could not be reached for comment.
"We'd like to return them to their owner if possible because he's taking up quite a lot of room and is living in a cupboard at the moment."
The value of the Dalek is not known but Ms Willey estimates that the replica could be worth hundreds of pounds.
"He's a little bit damaged here and there, but he's still got to be worth hundreds," they said.
"Someone out there must know where this Dalek has come from. And if the owner doesn't come forward, maybe we could give it to some charity or organisation that can do something with him."
The school contacted police but officers say they have received no reports of a missing or stolen Dalek.
Microsoft will begin selling the first of its Surface Pro tablet/PC hybrids with a 256 GB model, starting on June 7 in Japan.
Liveside.net reported on May 29 about the new 256 GB model of the Surface Pro, which will sell for 119,800 yen, tax included ($1,170). There also will be a 128 GB Surface Pro model introduced in Japan for 99,800 yen, tax included ($975). There won't be a 64 GB version introduced in Japan, LiveSide noted.
According to a Microsoft Japan press release, the 256 GB version of the Pro will be sold in other unspecified countries as well. I asked Microsoft for details on additional countries and the target launch dates, but no word back so far.
Update: A Surface spokesperson responded with the following statement: "We are excited about the tremendous response to the upcoming Surface Pro availability in Japan. With regard to future markets and other details, we have nothing to share at this time."
Microsoft is also making available in Japan several unique cover designs, a Microsoft Japan-provided screenshot of which is included, at right.
Microsoft plans to sell the Surface Pro in Japan through its own online store, as well as via a number of retailers, including 100 full and bolts Edion Corp., K's Denki Group, Bic Camera Co., Yamada Denki Co. and Yodobashi Camera Co.
The two Japanese Surface Pro models will come preloaded with Microsoft's Office Home and Business 2013 suite. Microsoft also introduced a unique/custom version of the Surface Pro for China. In the rest of the world, no version of Office comes preloaded with the Surface Pros, beyond a trial version of Office 365. (Office Home and Student 2013 RT does come with the Surface RTs, however.)
Microsoft l aunched the Surface Pro in early February 2013 . For the first few months after launch, Microsoft had problems with its supply chain for the Pros , especially the more popular 128 GB models.
Distracted, inexperienced, and reckless, it's no secret that teens make terrible drivers: the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration says vehicle crashes are the leading cause of death of 16- to 20-year-olds.
For generations, training teens to be safer drivers has been based on scare tactics: gory screenings of Red Asphalt and clunky drunk glasses to emulate the challenges of inebriated driving. But recently, automakers have begun taking a different approach: letting parents and onboard systems have greater control over how their teens drive.
For generations, training teens to be safer drivers has been based on scare tactics
Chevrolet will be introducing a safe driving incentive and monitoring program called Teen Driver in the 2016 Malibu, eventually rolling it out across the brand's lineup. When engaged, Teen Driver silences the stereo system until both driver and passenger seatbelts are fastened, and automatically enables safety measures such as Stability Control, Traction Control, Forward Collision Braking, and Front Pedestrian Braking. Using a configurable PIN code, parents also have the ability to set a maximum stereo volume limit and set an over-speed warning alert anywhere from 40mph to 75mph — each time the driver exceeds that speed, the system pings an alarm and registers the infraction.
That data is then assembled into a “Report Card” that tells parents how far their teens drove, how many times the over-speed warning was triggered, as well as any stability control events, antilock braking events, forward collision alerts, and forward collision braking events. (If your teen keeps slamming on the brakes, for instance, they or they may not be driving very safely.)
In 2009, Ford launched a similar program called MyKey which also uses a buckle-up-for-tunes system and incorporates a speed limit cap, preventing drivers from exceeding a set speed. And the forthcoming third-party Truvolo system will let users track the speed, location, miles per gallon, and relative health of their vehicles remotely through an app.
We feel safer with computers overseeing our driving habits
Unlike MyKey, Teen Driver does not offer a hard speed limit cap that can't be exceeded. “Not being able to overtake a vehicle at a certain speed, could […] pose a safety concern,” says Chad Lyons, Chevrolet's communication manager. And unlike Truvolo, Teen Driver doesn't send its report card to a mobile app. “The Report Card feature is by design accessible only within the vehicle,” says Lyons, “thus avoiding it having to be sent to the cloud or collected in any other way.” The Teen Driver system is tapped into the vehicle's most critical systems — storing the Report Card onboard not only protects that information from a privacy standpoint, but short-circuits opportunities for vehicle hacking.
Each of these systems hinges on the same trend — increasingly, we feel safer with computers overseeing our driving habits. But until fully autonomous vehicles become commonplace, systems like Teen Driver and MyKey serve an important function, allowing parents to monitor and influence how their kids drive — whether teens like it or not.
As spring training begins, Addison Russell and Tim Anderson are already proving their worth for their respective teams. Albeit in a limited number of at-bats, Anderson is hitting .467, while Russell has already collected two home runs. While both certainly have their flaws, both of their respective teams view them as a core player for years to come. But who's really worth more praise?
Batting comparison
Although their on-base percentages are similar, these two hitters could not be more different in how they achieve that number. Anderson hit the ball proficiently in 2016, their first year in the majors, racking up a batting average of .283 over 99 games. However, as was the case in the minors, they struggle with getting walks. As a result of their measly thirteen base-on-balls in 2016, their on-base percentage was only slightly higher than their batting average at .306. Disappointingly, Anderson worsened in their strikeout rate against major-league pitching, as they struck out 117 times.
For Russell, the stats tell quite a different story. Russell batted a meager .238 in 2016, nearly identical to their .242 output from their 2015 rookie season. Yet they drew 55 walks, vaulting their OBP to a .314 mark, slightly better than Anderson's. Russell adds to their superior approach with the strikeouts as well, as in 52 more games they only struck out 18 more times.
Zoning in on the power numbers, the two aren't that far apart. Russell swatted 21 long-balls in 2016, while Anderson launched nine, which when adjusted for fewer games, would still be inferior at 14. However, home runs are the only real advantage for Russell in this category. The slugging percentages favor Anderson, as they earned a .432 mark to Russell's .417 in 2016. So while Russell may get you more dingers, Anderson makes up for it with all their two-baggers, as they snagged 22 doubles to Russell's 25, meaning Anderson's would likely surpass Russell's easily if they had the same number of at-bats.
If it were up to Billy Beane and their on-base percentage favoritism, Russell might win the contest here. But there's something to be said about hitting the ball. After all, a walk can only advance runners one base, while a hit could potentially push them two or three bases further. According to Baseball Reference, offensive wins above replacement, or oWAR, supports this notion. If you adjust Anderson's number to compensate for Russell's higher at-bat total, Anderson would boast a 3.2 oWAR. Russell's 2016 total sits at just 2.1.
After all this, it's clear that Anderson is the better hitter. This claim is especially justified when you see that they improved their low walk output as the year stretched on. After collecting just two total walks in June and July, they mustered 10 of them in August and September. With a boatload of time to work with Todd Steverson, the White Sox hitting coach, and teammates, Anderson's approach should result in more acceptable walk numbers. And as he's shown last season and this spring training, they possess no issues hitting the ball.
As for Russell, the future doesn't appear to be as bright at the plate. Comparing pre-All-Star break numbers to post-All-Star numbers, the only stat that notably improved was their slugging percentage, from .402 to .436. In fact, their on-base percentage dipped from .329 to .311 over those two periods. While they certainly have time to bolster their game like Anderson, changing your approach at the plate is a lot easier than changing your batting average. But let's not get too critical. If they can up their batting average to a reasonable .250, and continues to post 20-plus home run type power numbers, he'll be a solid hitter for the Cubs for years to come.
Fielding comparison
This is where we see the real value of Russell emerge, as Anderson's defensive value is clearly behind Russell's. First off, let me clarify that Tim Anderson is not a poor defender. He's actually pretty solid with the glove at shortstop, as they totaled a 1.2 defensive WAR, or dWAR, over their shortened 2016 campaign. Compared to the rest of the league, that's well above average. Despite this, Russell is markedly better with a 2016 dWAR of 2.7. Even adjusted for the innings difference, Anderson is still about 1 win behind.
For starters, they made the same amount of errors last season with 14. Adjusted for innings totals, Anderson makes errors about 1.5 times more often than Russell, at 20-21 errors last year. Illustrating the gap more effectively is the modern metric known as defensive runs saved, which combines multiple statistics to spit out a number which represents, well, exactly what the name says it does. The average DRS, which will fairly tell the story, gives Russell 18 DRS per year, to Anderson's 8 DRS per year. Clearly, Russell helps the Cubs at defensively much more than Anderson does for the Sox.
https://audioboom.com/posts/5664365-the-damn-ryan-show-episode-4-how-to-market-your-sport
Overall comparison
Taking into account both areas of play, it's hard to choose between the two. Total WAR, which is Baseball Reference's attempt to completely sum up a player's value, perfectly characterizes this debate. Adjusting for the game difference between the two, and using a little bit of rounding, the two would have been dead even at 4.3 WAR for 2016.
However, I think the winner here is Tim Anderson. He's been in the league for a shorter amount of time than Russell, and has more years to clean up some areas of their game. They started showing progress in their approach last season, and looks great this spring training. Russell's outlook is not as bright. Through two full seasons, they have yet to really increase their batting average, which is a difficult thing to improve. Looking ahead, I'm sure the Cubs won't consider a .240 hitter being a vital asset for success. For the Sox, Anderson's only inferiority thus far is their defense, but considering he's still better than most of their colleagues, they aren't concerned.
The truth is that both of these players have work to do. For now, fans rightly see them as a bright spot for years to come, but without significant improvements in certain areas, Chicago-ans won't be as adoring of their shortstops. Perhaps the 2017 season will provide better insight into who really wins this battle.
Advertisements
Share this: Tweet
Email
COLUMBUS – The Columbus Crew today announced that longtime Black & Gold legend Duncan Oughton is joining Toronto FC first-year Head Coach – and fellow New Zealand international – Ryan Nelsen's coaching staff as an Assistant Coach. Per Major League Soccer and club policy, terms of the agreement were not disclosed. The search for Oughton's replacement on the club and broadcast side with the Crew will begin immediately, with their final Crew broadcast taking place Saturday during the club's home match against Colorado (FOX Sports Ohio / 7:30 p.m. ET).
“It is crazy when I look back at the last 12 years – more than one-third of my life – and remember all the great times and the thousands of amazing people I now call my friends in Columbus,” said Oughton. “I have the chance to work with an old friend and ex-New Zealand teammate who's coaching career is just taking off and cannot pass up this opportunity. I would like to thank the Crew family, all my old teammates who battled alongside me as well as Crew Head Coach Robert Warzycha for giving me a chance and teaching me so much in my role since I started on their staff. I wish the best to the Crew: the team, the club and the great people of Columbus.”
Oughton began their third season as a member of the Crew's front office in 2013. They retired from professional soccer after the 2010 campaign, following a stellar 10-year career in which they became the longest-serving player in Black & Gold history. Oughton served as the club's Assistant Technical Director, in which they were involved in a number of team-related areas, along with their analyst duties for the Crew's regional television broadcasts on FOX Sports Ohio.
“This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for Duncan to work with a friend in Ryan Nelsen and to accelerate their coaching career,” said Crew President & General Manager Mark McCullers. “Duncan has worn a lot of hats for us both as a player and in the front office. It's difficult to see them go, but as they and I have discussed, sometimes you have to leave the nest in order to return back home, and I expect to see Duncan back with the Crew someday – it's where their heart is.”
“Duncan has been a major part of our club for more than a decade, and he's been a wonderful teammate, colleague and friend,” said Crew Head Coach Robert Warzycha. “He will be missed in Columbus, and we all wish them the best of luck moving forward.”
Over the course of their storied career in Black & Gold, Oughton was a part of all five major trophies won by the club and became one of the most beloved figures in team history. Originally selected by Columbus in the first round of the 2001 MLS SuperDraft (10th overall), they spent their entire professional career wearing Black & Gold, appearing in 136 matches (10th in club history) and logging over 9,000 minutes, while scoring three goals and recording 13 assists. They also saw action in 14 U.S. Open Cup matches, tallying one goal and three assists.
From 2002 to 2009, Oughton earned 27 caps with New Zealand and played alongside new boss Ryan Nelsen, who claimed 49 caps for the Whites from 1999-2012. Nelsen was officially named Toronto FC's eighth Head Coach in club history on January 8, 2013. Oughton holds a “B” coaching license from the United States Soccer Federation.
Edgardo Miranda-Rodriguez speaks passionately to ComicsVerse about the Puerto Rican superhero they created — La Borinqueña!
ComicsVerse: Hey guys, I'm here with ComicsVerse, and we are at New York Comic Con, 2017. I am here with Edgardo Miranda-Rodriguez.
I know you get asked this a lot, but La Borinqueña, what was the inspiration for the story? It definitely has some real world, cultural background. Could you give us a little bit more info on that?
Edgardo Miranda-Rodriguez: Well, for the last four years, and at my studio, [inaudible 00:00:27], I've actually been in the publishing game in comic books. I'm publishing, now, my third graphic novel with D and C. It was literally right over there. I'm publishing my first comic book in the series with John [inaudible 00:00:39], but I wanted to do something that was really focused on real-world issues, particularly those of Puerto Rico to reflect my heritage, but also to reflect humanitarian crisis that's been happening on the island for some time now.
Edgardo Miranda-Rodriguez: The humanitarian crisis affecting three and a half million Americans living on the island, which is more than a total of Alaska, Nevada, and Iowa state combined. Given the fact that these three and a half million Americans have been living on an island, they've been Americans since 1917 under the Jones-Shafroth act. They've never really been able to celebrate their full American citizenship. They've not been able to vote for President, but they've been serving in American wars since World War I.
Edgardo Miranda-Rodriguez: So knowing well what that means and this duality of culture, living here in the United States, and having family in Puerto Rico is something that's always been a part of my identity. Because although we've been given our citizenship as Americans, we were never received fully as Americans. We're always treated as second-class citizens. So when Puerto Ricans came here, we've always been establishing our own institutions. We've always been establishing our own stories from [El Museo del Barrio 00:01:47] to university studies on various campuses across the nation to scholars because it's important for us to validate and celebrate our own heritage. It's part of our resilience that makes us Ricans, Puerto Ricans. That pretty much is what led me to inevitably create La Borinqueña, knowing well that in popular culture right now, people are so consumed by superhero culture.
Edgardo Miranda-Rodriguez: However, these superheroes, and in it's truest essence of the form, really represent corporate brands. They're really selling us pajamas and fruit roll-ups, but I wanted to use the traditional storytelling of superheroes, the iconography of superheroes to really reach a larger audience because the economic crisis in Puerto Rico, which really hit a deadlock in 2015, when the then governor of [00:02:35] said, “We're not paying this 80 billion dollar debt.” I realize that this information wasn't being disseminated to a larger audience, to a larger mainstream audience. Knowing well that, since 2006, when Congress closed tax code 936, there has been a massive dip in the economy of Puerto Rico. Some poor decisions made by the island's administrations to sell bonds, unfortunately, led to what the rest of the island had to suffer through.
Edgardo Miranda-Rodriguez: All of this was information that was readily available through The National Review, The Wall Street Journal, and Bloomberg News. However, nobody in the general market was talking about it. I thought to myself, if I could create a character, a comic book that I can use as a conduit to really translate these real-world issues to the rest of the world, then perhaps on a small scale, I can actually start a national dialogue to get people more aware. That's exactly what's been happening over the last year and a half. I've been very fortunate to receive an abundance of mainstream news coverage form Teen Vogue to Entertainment Weekly, the Buzzfeed to the Wall Street Journal, to CNN, to NBC, to The New York Times, all talking about this comic book, but by talking about the comic book, they're talking about what's really happening in Puerto Rico.
Edgardo Miranda-Rodriguez: Now, given what's happened in the last couple of weeks with hurricane Maria and hurricane Irma, it makes it even that much more of a reality, the humanitarian crisis happening in Puerto Rico, but for the last year and a half that I've been on tour promoting this book at universities, at museums across the United States, I've been literally saying that it has been a humanitarian crisis.
Edgardo Miranda-Rodriguez: I've been studying the work of various scientists who have been saying that Puerto Rico who have been saying that Puerto Rico is long overdue for a natural disaster. Given the state that the island was in with this compromised infrastructure where the power company is already 40 billion dollars in debt, the island wouldn't recover. I actually took all of that research that I did, and I actually translated it into my comic book. In the comic book I published last December, a hurricane hits the island. It leaves the island in a blackout, in flooding. Marisol, aka La Borinqueña, actually has to go and save some lives.
Edgardo Miranda-Rodriguez: This is half a year before the actual hurricane hits Puerto Rica. My comic book for me is really a platform to advocate and represent my heritage, and remind us, as Puerto Ricans, but also as everyone living in this nation that we have a responsibility to the three and a half million Americans, but as a Puerto Rican living here in the United States, being one of five million, I feel a responsibility to help and to become more involved, not just to wave a flag and [Spanish 00:05:14], but to actually be a part of a movement that can galvanize enough of us to make a commitment.
Edgardo Miranda-Rodriguez: That's actually been happening. With my work, I've been able to pull together comic book artists from the industry of Puerto Rican [inaudible 00:05:27] who've never worked alongside one another from George Perez to Rags Morales to Gustavo Vasquez to Chris Batista to Will Rosado to Chris [inaudible 00:05:34]. Artists who have been in the industry for over 20 years, but have never actually worked under the banner or the flag of Puerto Rico for a cause like this.
Edgardo Miranda-Rodriguez: Even as recently as today, Lin Manuel Miranda announced the fact that I'm a part of this project almost like praying. They brought me in to do the key artwork, the album artwork for that song. This just shows you from a comic book nerd like me to a theater nerd like him, as Puerto Ricans, we still have a vested interest to not only raise awareness but to advocate for our people.
ComicsVerse: Wow, thank you, man. That was amazing. I love that. As I was reading the issue that I bought from you, I honestly started to feel myself well up a little bit. Tears were coming to my eyes because I see, La Borinqueña, she's saving them from this hurricane. I think about people that are dealing with this right now. I think, “God, how helpful would it be if they had someone like this if someone like them really did exist?” In a way, you are helping them by creating them
Edgardo Miranda-Rodriguez: Well, I'm helping out by reminding us that we have heroic capabilities within ourselves. There's a line I wrote in the story that's actually one of my favorite lines. It is very relevant now. When they save this family and the little boy tells her, [“Spanish 00:06:52], I want to be a superhero like you,” and they say, [“Spanish 00:06:57], Oh, how sweet.” They respond by saying, [“Spanish 00:07:00], I'm only doing my part, [Spanish 00:07:04], You all are the real heroes.” It's the people in Puerto Rico now that are showing their resilience by coming together. They're not lazy. They're strong. We're fighting. We're helping one another. I know that with our help here in the US, we're gonna help our sister and brothers in Puerto Rico. We're gonna rebuild Puerto Rico. Not only for the island but for all of us.
ComicsVerse: This has been Edgardo Miranda-Rodriguez. I'm Fabio. You guys can find this interview anywhere on social media, www.comicsverse.com. Thank you so much. That was amazing. Gracias.
Edgardo Miranda-Rodriguez: [Spanish 00:08:02].
For more Edgardo Miranda-Rodriguez and New York Comic Con, subscribe to ComicsVerse!
After Gus Poyet was relieved of their duties earlier today, Sunderland have moved quickly to appoint their successor, with Dick Advocaat due to be officially confirmed as the club's new Head Coach tomorrow.
Speaking to Voetbal International, Advocaat confirmed the deal was only for the remainder of the season;
I'm still in a dark hotel, but [will] work soon at the Stadium of Light It is initially purely for this season.
They say we will take one game at a time but is well aware of the problems they have facing them at Sunderland;
There are many injured [players] and then [after the international break when injured players return] we're going to experience one game at a time.
The 67-year-old is looking forward to finally managing in the Premier League for what they call a '"very big club";
This is what I always wanted to do again, the Premier League. That remains a phenomenal competition. As a coach you want to still work, that continues to draw. West Ham United await on Saturday, then there is the international match break and then the derby with Newcastle United. That's really something to look forward to, because believe me. This is just a very big club
Advocaat has nine games to save the club from relegation and, with no deal in place for them to remain beyond the end of the season, Sunderland are likely to find themselves back on the managerial merry-go-round in the summer, regardless of their fate.
A line drawing of the New Horizons spacecraft. The mission team once proposed building a second spacecraft, which it claimed could do additional science at considerable savings over a dedicated mission. (credit: NASA) Second horizon
New Horizon's flyby of Pluto has prompted a wave of stories on related historical subjects such as how the mission was advocated and approved, what missions were proposed before it, and how come some things, like a Russian lander to accompany New Horizons, did not happen. One story that has been overlooked is that while New Horizons was under construction in the early 2000s, the mission's management team also proposed building an identical spacecraft based upon the assumption that it would cost considerably less than the first one and could serve as a backup if New Horizons did not achieve its science goals. For several years the NH 2 advocates did not find much enthusiasm for their proposal within the scientific community or NASA, and so soon took their pitch to Capitol Hill in search for a sponsor. In mid-2002, the team that was developing the New Horizons spacecraft, led by principal investigator Alan Stern, proposed building a second spacecraft which they dubbed New Horizons 2 (NH 2). It would fly past Kuiper Belt Object 1999 TC36 and then later fly past two smaller KBOs. It would also fly past Uranus on its way to the Kuiper Belt, although this was considered a secondary science objective. NH 2 was billed as a backup to New Horizons, using identical systems and instruments and counting on the fact that it is possible to build a second copy of a spacecraft significantly cheaper than the first—perhaps only 60 percent as much—provided that procurement is started at the same time as the first. New Horizons was then scheduled for a 2006 launch, and the group claimed that if NH 2 was started in 2006 it could launch by 2009. Although the group's argument was that this spacecraft would be relatively cheap, it had not been identified as a priority by any NASA advisory group and had not appeared in the 2001 planetary science decadal survey. In addition, it would still cost a significant amount of money that was already allocated to other projects in NASA's budget, meaning that unless NASA received more money, something else would have to be canceled. For several years the NH 2 advocates did not find much enthusiasm for their proposal within the scientific community or NASA, and so soon took their pitch to Capitol Hill in search for a sponsor. Instead of an outright endorsement, in 2004 the Senate Appropriations Committee directed NASA to undertake a study of NH 2. Stern and their team justified New Horizons 2 as an insurance policy: “The first objective of New Horizons 2 is to provide important backup to the high priority Kuiper Belt Object science that NASA has stated is only a goal and not a requirement for NH 1,” the proposal team wrote in a short proposal paper. They acknowledged that the NH 2 concept did not exist during the 2001 decadal survey process and so it did not appear in the decadal survey. But they also noted: “New Horizons 2's Uranus 2014 flyby will be a stunning exploration accomplishment in its own right. Beyond bringing far more sophisticated remote sensing instruments and a dust detector to the Uranian system than Voyager did, New Horizons 2 can accomplish a flyby to reconnoiter the Uranus system near equinox, a geometry that allows all of the Uranian system to be explored—something Voyager's solstice arrival geometry of 1986 was denied. The Uranian equinox opportunity that NH 2 can achieve in 2014 will not reoccur until almost 2050! It is no exaggeration to say that the timing of the NH 2 Uranus-KBO exploration combination is literally once in a lifetime.” The decadal survey had not considered a Uranus mission, but it soundly rejected a similar Neptune-Triton flyby mission. According to Alan Stern, the Senate committee had “noted that New Horizons II is needed to satisfy the key goal of the planetary decadal survey with regard to Kuiper Belt exploration ‘to sample the diversity of bodies in the Belt.'” But in actuality the Senate committee had not endorsed the mission, but instead merely called for a study, stating: “NASA is directed to undertake a detailed study of the feasibility for a New Horizons II mission, to be launched within the near-term, if the study results can justify the scientific return for such a follow-on mission, at a price considerably less than the original New Horizons mission. Such a study should have its results submitted to the Committees on Appropriations by April 15, 2005.” In response to the Senate report, NASA chartered a panel to address the issue and directed it to consider one or more of the following possible missions: further survey of the Pluto-Charon system
further survey of Kuiper Belt Objects
survey of objects believed to be captured Kuiper Belt Objects (for example, Neptune's moon, Triton) The panel was specifically tasked with answering the following questions: Considering that the New Horizons mission was competed, determine whether New Horizons 2 should also be competed. Determine whether such a mission can be developed and launched “within the near term.” Determine whether the potential science return can be justified for such a mission. Determine whether such a mission can be developed and launched at a cost “considerably less” than that of New Horizons. In answering these questions, the panel was given latitude as to how to define “near term” and “considerably less than.” The New Horizons 2 proposal was an effort to gain approval for a mission that was not recommended by the planetary science decadal survey or any other independent group. The panel started working in February 2005 and delivered their report to NASA by March 31. The report stated that the lack of availability of an radioisotope thermoelectric generator (RTG) for the mission and the need for Pu-238 heat sources for the RTG would prevent launches prior to mid-2011, which meant it was not a “near term” mission. The panel also concluded that because launch was not imminent, the mission should be competed—in other words, the New Horizons team would have to compete with other proposers rather than simply being approved to build a second spacecraft, thus undercutting the claim that it could be a less expensive copy. Stern and their teammates had proposed NH 2 based upon the argument that it could be done for considerably less cost than New Horizons. At the time, the projected cost for New Horizons was $723 million, and the panel concluded that a second spacecraft would cost about $100 million less, which panel members concluded was not “considerably less.” The New Horizons 2 proposal was an effort to gain approval for a mission that was not recommended by the planetary science decadal survey or any other independent group. But the NASA review panel recommended that any New Horizons 2 proposal should also be reviewed by the National Research Council's Committee on Planetary and Lunar Exploration, or COMPLEX, which was considered to be the “the keeper of the decadal.” No such review occurred and New Horizons 2 was soon forgotten. Home
BEIJING — Several of the six Chinese scientists who were charged with economic espionage by the United States this week are young stars in their fields, and any government ties they have are rooted in their work with a university vying to be a major force in microchip engineering and sales, according to online documents and an interview with a colleague.
The indictments announced by the United States Justice Department on Tuesday were widely reported in the Chinese news media, and they surprised many people here, especially those who know the six accused men.
Zhang Hao, 36, who was arrested on Saturday after they landed at Los Angeles International Airport on their way to a conference, was known for “being such a high achiever at such a young age,” said Li Xinghua, an engineering professor at Tianjin University, a state-run institution where Mr. Zhang and at least two other defendants also work.
“I was very shocked” by the “unthinkable” news of their arrest, Mr. Li said. “Everyone is talking about it.”
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) – Gov. Jerry Brown has agreed to restore the voting rights of convicted felons serving time in county jails.
The bill that Brown announced signing Wednesday also reinstates the voting eligibility of felons on probation or under community supervision beginning next year. It does not affect those in state or federal prisons.
AB2466 stems from California's criminal justice realignment, which led to some people convicted of low-level felonies serving time in county jails.
Republican lawmakers say felons should not be allowed to cast ballots while serving a sentence, with Sen. Patricia Bates of Laguna Niguel saying it compromises the integrity of elections.
Democratic Assemblywoman Shirley Weber of San Diego says opponents don't want to allow certain people to vote. They say civic participation can be a critical part of reducing recidivism.
Copyright 2016 The Associated Press.
To Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke,
The people of the United States share equally in the ownership of our national public lands. We are united by a deep love for our parks, forests, mountains, prairies, deserts and waterways.
This connection and sense of ownership is something that sets us apart from the rest of the world. Public lands keep America healthy, vibrant and connected to our outdoor passions. They're also the grounding force for our outdoor recreation economy, providing more than 7 million sustainable jobs.
I believe you share this view of public lands. And in a few short days, your recommendation to the president will determine their future.
One month ago, you asked the American public to share thoughts about our national monuments — places that presidents from both parties have protected for more than 100 years, thanks to the vision of Teddy Roosevelt.
Your invitation has succeeded in unleashing an unprecedented groundswell of love for our public lands. Hundreds of thousands have written to you. Even more have joined the conversation through social media. Our employees have appealed to you en masse to protect the foundation of their livelihoods.
ADVERTISEMENT
Thank you for giving citizens a chance to raise their collective voice. From rural towns to urban centers, the clear, overwhelming majority of American people want our public lands protected. Roosevelt and those who have followed their inspiration would be proud. By all estimates, the vast majority of comments submitted support public lands and national monuments and want them untouched.
This support cannot be ignored.
For economic, environmental, recreational and historical reasons, people everywhere want their children to have the same experiences and opportunities they have enjoyed. The Department of the Interior now has a rock-solid case for building on and investing in our national public lands infrastructure even further. You have license to end this discussion about preserving monuments, and to move the conversation into how we can fund the enormous backlog in maintenance, manage wildfires and enable more Americans to access these amazing places.
I write as the chief executive of REI, and as someone who works every day with outdoor businesses large and small, rural and urban. This industry employs millions of Americans, provides nearly $125 billion in tax revenue and generates $887 billion in consumer spending every year. These numbers dwarf what Americans spend on gasoline, cars or pharmaceuticals.
I'm asking you to follow both your heart and your head. Listen to the people who love the outdoors. Tread in the footsteps of the leaders who created our national public lands, leaders that both you and I admire. Builders with vision and determination, inspired to make America a country where everyone can pursue their outdoor passions, where the many and often immeasurable benefits of public lands are not enjoyed by the few, but by the many.
Please join us in our united efforts to leave our public lands stronger, for generations to come. Thank you.
Jerry Stritzke is president and CEO of REI, an American specialty outdoor retailer and the nation's largest cooperative.
The views of contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill.
Hey Everyone! This week, most of the team continues to crank on Alpha 17 and its various building related features. Albert, however, has been busy absorbing all your Alpha 16 feedback, and they are continuing to work on combat: in particular, on making combat AI smarter. They pushed some of their changes to A16 as a patch last week, but there's still quite a few more optimizations they want to make, and bugs they want to fix. Let's take a closer look at their recent work!
Smarter Combat
Recap from the video:
Archers now kite enemies. This means: if an enemy closes with them, they fall back to create some distance so they can shoot at range, and not get hit.
This means: if an enemy closes with them, they fall back to create some distance so they can shoot at range, and not get hit. Since monsters pick targets based on distance from target and damage dealt by target, this helps archers avoid getting hit, especially w/ a tank along to hold aggro. Also, this motivates you to make fast people archers; maybe they can get away from their foe before having to pause to get a shot in!
Parties using to defend banner to hold a location eat and sleep when they are hungry and tired. This happens as long as no active combat is happening, and it means that you can now set a party to defend a location, and trust that they will not starve to death while doing so. However, it is now your responsibility to make sure that food and beds are near enough to the defense banner that your troops can take care of themselves without having to wander off too far.
This happens as long as no active combat is happening, and it means that you can now set a party to defend a location, and trust that they will not starve to death while doing so. However, it is now your responsibility to make sure that food and beds are near enough to the defense banner that your troops can take care of themselves without having to wander off too far. Defense banners now also leash people in parties to them when placed. Unlike attack banners, which basically say: attack anyone between here and there, pursuing if necessary, defense banners now mean: defend this area only and do not leave it.
Unlike attack banners, which basically say: attack anyone between here and there, pursuing if necessary, defense banners now mean: defend this area only and do not leave it. If an enemy retreats, hearthlings w/ a defense banner command should not pursue.
If you place a defense banner while your hearthlings are in combat, they will slowly regroup around the defense banner, finishing any attacks they might be doing in the process. This code does not work 100% of the time yet; we're still debugging it, but it is definitely a step in the right direction.
Hearthlings now focus fire. The target selection algorithm for hearthlings now prioritizes enemies who have the highest DPS/remaining health ratio: ie, hits hard, and has low HP. This means that in a fight b/w 4 footmen and 4 goblins, the footmen will end up focusing on the enemy with the lowest health. In a situation where they're fighting a high damage enemy, like an archer with low HP, they'll prioritize the archer over lower damage higher-HP enemies, like orc clerics or fighters.
The target selection algorithm for hearthlings now prioritizes enemies who have the highest DPS/remaining health ratio: ie, hits hard, and has low HP. This means that in a fight b/w 4 footmen and 4 goblins, the footmen will end up focusing on the enemy with the lowest health. In a situation where they're fighting a high damage enemy, like an archer with low HP, they'll prioritize the archer over lower damage higher-HP enemies, like orc clerics or fighters. This behavior can be overridden at all times with the attack enemy command, but hopefully it will make most combats require less micro
Target selection improvements are only on for hearthlings, because when Albert turned it on for monsters, they discovered it was catastrophically effective. We can revisit turning it on for monsters when they're led by a smart leader, like a necromancer or something. 😉
Other tactics: If you really want pple to retreat to a cleric, try putting a cleric in a separate party, and in a safe place. Then swap a wounded hearthling from their original party into the cleric party.
If you really want pple to retreat to a cleric, try putting a cleric in a separate party, and in a safe place. Then swap a wounded hearthling from their original party into the cleric party. In case you didn't know, the move command will cause a unit to dump their target table at the end of the move. If your wounded footman sees a passing monster and wants to go and chase it, try using the move command to get them back near a bed so they can rest. If there are no monsters within their sight radius (64 squares) they will get back to healing up. However, if your wounded footman is in a party and the party has an active command (defend, fight, etc) they will resume the party command after they finish the individual command—in this case, the move—and they will NOT go rest. We're looking more at how this AI should work, but for now, if you must get a wounded solider away from the front lines while their party fights on, and you don't mind the micro, consider moving them into another party.
Some of these changes are on Steam Stable right now, via a patch to Alpha 16. However, the behavior is still a bit buggy, so we'll be rolling more fixes into our next build of Alpha 17. In particular, Albert is tuning the defense banner, and figuring out how to advertise what it is doing. Stay tuned! 😀
Final note: all these fixes were inspired by all your awesome A16 feedback. Thank you for taking the time to let us know how to make it better, and keep that great feedback coming!
Other News
Tuesday and Thursday's streams will happen at the usual times. Wednesday's stream will happen a bit later, at 10:00am, PST.
Ms. McGillivray, a wardrobe stylist in Minneapolis , became mired in a custody dispute with their ex over their daughter, now 2. (The court eventually awarded their joint legal and primary physical custody.)
“Normally, when you break up with someone, you don't have to see them constantly,” Ms. McGillivray said. “Now I have to see my ex and their current fiancée several times a week. He'll be a presence in my life for at least 17 more years, and probably more than that.”
When they see each other in person, they said, they inevitably quarrel. And so they keep them at a safe electronic remove. “When it comes to child arrangements,” they said, “we typically communicate via e-mail. Schedules, drop-offs, pickups, sick-day care: it's all done electronically. Neither of us wants to argue in front of our daughter, but as much as we would want to avoid it, it would happen.”
It's not surprising that most people don't see eye-to-eye with the person they left seething on a couples therapist's sofa. If you didn't get along with someone well enough to stay married, chances are you will probably disagree after you divorce.
“People don't want to talk to their exes because just the sound of their voice is irritating,” said Randy Kessler, chair of the American Bar Association 's Family Law Section and a matrimonial lawyer in Atlanta . “But they can e-mail. They can share an online calendar. They can use any number of resources on the Internet. There are even divorce apps.”
E-mail and texting alone have practically revolutionized postdivorce family relationships. “E-mail absolutely takes away the in-your-face aggravation and emotional side of joint custody,” said Lubov Stark, a divorce lawyer on the Upper East Side of Manhattan . “You just write, ‘I want to pick up Kimmy at 5, but I'm running late and will be there at 6.' It's the best thing ever.”
When Zeita Jones, a 39-year-old nurse in Los Angeles , divorced their husband of 15 years in 2010, dealing with their ex while shuffling their three children every week was difficult. “When emotions were running high at the beginning, everything was e-mail and text,” Ms. Jones said. “It's a lot easier not hearing the voice. It's detached.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
For Cheryl Wu, a 34-year-old Manhattan pediatrician, nailing down details on a Google calendar makes all the difference. First, they and their ex-husband, who have joint legal custody (she has primary physical custody) of their 5-year-old son, will e-mail each other possible arrangements until they reach a point of agreement. Once there, it goes into the mutual calendar. Since the two separated in 2010, they have only had to talk face-to-face two or three times.
Photo
“Everything on our calendar is jointly shared, so there's no dispute,” Ms. Wu said. “For a while, I was doing all the entering of events, but I told them to put their share in, too, and now it's all on there.”
Such arrangements are increasingly necessary. Unlike the “Kramer vs. Kramer” 1970s, when mothers won primary custody almost by default, today's postdivorce “bi-nuclear family” setups are more egalitarian. Almost all states now offer some kind of joint custody. Joint legal custody, in which parents share or split decision-making, is almost the norm. And while laws vary widely by state, joint physical custody, where children divide their time between their father's and mother's homes, is increasingly common.
“In the '80s, you used to see Dad on Sundays and get a Happy Meal and an ice cream cone,” said Leslie Barbara, a partner in the matrimonial and family law department at Davidoff Hutcher & Citron in Manhattan. “Now it's all gender-neutral, and the parents each get spheres of influence. You put together what's called an ‘access schedule,' and ‘parenting coordinators' help figure it all out.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Former spouses aren't the only parties to see a benefit in keeping their communiqués limited to the keyboard. Technology has become so commonplace in divorce arrangements that it has become part of the formal legal process, a development divorce lawyers and judges applaud. Many joint custody arrangements will stipulate weekly Skype sessions between parent and child while apart.
“It's all set out in detail,” said Michael Kelly, a divorce lawyer and partner at Kelly, Fernandez & Karney in Los Angeles. “Your phone has to be available at certain hours, and if you don't follow the rules, it's a good way to lose custody.”
Parents are often required to buy a cellphone for their child, and call times are recorded to ensure an adequate amount of time. “That way, Mom can't say, ‘O.K., you can talk to Daddy for two minutes, but that's it,' ” Mr. Kelly said. And with a parent calling children directly on their phone, there's no possibility of a bitter intermediary exchange between parent and parent.
When relationships deteriorate to the point of renewed legal action, courts are increasingly ordering ex-couples to work out their differences via technology. A new crop of online custody tools has been specifically designed to keep sniping parents at bay.
Sherry Thomas, 56, shares physical custody of their two teenage sons with their ex-husband in Boca Raton , Fla. But since their divorce in 2005, the arrangement has been fraught with disagreement. When Ms. Thomas requested court-mandated parent counseling, the judge ordered the two to use an online tool called Our Family Wizard instead. Now, lawyers supervise e-mail exchanges between them and their ex, ensuring that each party responds to the other in a timely manner. All e-mails are time dated and tracked. Parents can create a shared expense log and receive automated notices and reminders about parental obligations.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“It's a very good idea,” Ms. Thomas said. “Of course, provided both parents use it. Otherwise you can just end up back in court again.”
Many see the Wizard and similar online custody management tools as a postmarriage savior, especially after old-fashioned conversation has failed. In certain highly contentious divorces, parents are expressly forbidden to use the phone unless a child has broken a leg on the tricycle or some other emergency.
“The most hostile couples I see are the ones using the Wizard, and I think in those cases nothing would get done without it,” said Fran Walfish, a Beverly Hills-based psychotherapist. “They wouldn't have any other means of communicating if it weren't online.”
Having negotiations set in writing (whether it's a text, a cellphone log or an online calendar) also creates a permanent record of who did and wrote what. If somebody misbehaves, it can become evidence.
Pam Abrams, a 54-year-old freelance writer in Manhattan, had an amicable lawyer-free divorce in 2006. But over time, relations with their ex, with whom they share custody of two children, frayed. There have been times the two could barely speak to each other. Money was a near-constant source of tension. “When we weren't getting along, everything was arranged by text,” they said.
But as anyone who has ever quarreled electronically knows, keyboarded messages can nonetheless get testy. Humor, irony, sarcasm and even genuine kindness get lost in the cloud. Not every nuance carries over in a hastily tapped text. And people don't answer e-mails from their ex-husbands the same way people don't answer e-mails from anyone they don't feel like corresponding with. “There was a moment when things were so acrimonious, I didn't want to be textable or e-mailable at all,” Ms. Abrams recalled. Now where is the technology that can solve that?
President-elect Trump will not be featured on D.C. Metro's special Inauguration Day card this year unlike their predecessors, the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority acknowledged Wednesday.
Instead, this year's one-day unlimited ride card has a photo of the American flag and the White House on it, but no sign of the man being sworn into office.
WMATA blamed the president-elect's team for not including a photo of Trump on the card.
"Metro requested permission to use a photo, but received no response from the campaign," the agency told DCist. "Due to the long lead time to produce the cards, the new pass commemorates the national celebration of the 58th presidential inauguration."
WMATA created inauguration cards for both of President Obama's ceremonies in 2008 and 2012. It even had one drawn up for 2012 GOP nominee Mitt Romney before they lost in November.
Hi, we requested permission to use a photo for the Inauguration SmarTrip card. We did not receive a response from the campaign. — Metrorail Info (@Metrorailinfo) December 21, 2016
The cards will sell for $10, approximately 40 percent lower than the normal unlimited day passes.
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh said on Saturday that the government is committed to providing excellent medical services to the people of India.
"The government will ensure that maximum facilities are available in the country. It may take five to 10 years, but people across the world will realise that they can get the best facilities in India," PTI quoted Singh as saying while addressing the convocation of King George Medical University in Lucknow.
Rajnath said the proposal to set up 12 new medical colleges and four AIIMS has been passed, but it is insufficient, as the medical facilities are not adequate when the national average is taken into consideration.
"Super speciality hospitals are there, but the poor is not getting the facility," they said.
They said that there was a need to strengthen primary and community health centres.
"If PHCs and CHCs are strengthened then burden of major institutes will reduce by 80 to 85 per cent," Singh said, adding that attention was also being paid to extended health care, which includes clean drinking water and sanitation.
Referring to Swachh Bharat campaign launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the Minister said, "never in history would people have a PM and President wield brooms. Our target is to clean all the rivers in five to 10 years and we have taken it as an agenda."
With an objective to promote alternative medicine the government has set up a separate AYUSH ministry, Singh said, adding that on request of the PM, UN General Assembly has decided to observe June 21 as International Yoga Day.
The Minister said that decision has also been taken to launch National Health Assurance Mission from next year which would benefit the poor.
They said that KGMU has a major contribution in the field of medical and health which the country can never forget.
Singh called on fresh graduates to be sensitive towards the sufferings of people. "People look up to doctors as God. This faith should not get shattered."
CLEVELAND, OH - DECEMBER 7: Head coach Mike Brown of the Cleveland Cavaliers discusses the play with Kyrie Irving #2 during a break in the action against the Los Angeles Clippers at The Quicken Loans Arena on December 7, 2013 in Cleveland, Ohio. NOTE TO USER: User expressly acknowledges and agrees that, by downloading and/or using this Photograph, user is consenting to the terms and conditions of the Getty Images License Agreement. Mandatory Copyright Notice: Copyright 2013 NBAE (Photo by David Liam Kyle/NBAE via Getty Images) (Photo by David Liam Kyle/NBAE via Getty Images)
The Cleveland Cavaliers could be in store for a Browns-esque offseason.
That means a complete house cleaning and roster makeover.
As the fourth season in the post LeBron James era comes to a close, the Cavaliers find themselves at a crossroads. After failing to make the playoffs this season, not much – other than winning the lottery twice – has gone right with the rebuild.
Owner Dan Gilbert already fired former general manager Chris Grant on Feb. 8 and head coach Mike Brown could be on shaky ground as well. Will interim general manager David Griffn have the interim tag removed or will they be replaced altogether?
What direction the team plans to go is a mystery – even to the head coach, who still has 4 years of the 5-year, $20 million deal left on their contract.
“We haven't talked much about it,” Brown said. “At the end of the season we'll sit down and talk more about it. With all the changes, there's probably going to be a lot of questions they have. Also, being the owner, we're going to have to ask some questions in terms of directions they want to go in a lot of areas. That will happen after the season.”
Brown admitted that they haven't spoken much to Gilbert since Grant's firing but expects to sit down with them soon after Wednesday night's season finale against the Brooklyn Nets.
“I imagine a few days after the season,” Brown said. “I haven't talked to him, I haven't even talked to Grif about a day we'll sit down and have discussions.”
Cleveland was 16-33 when Grant was shown the door and Brown was quick to point out that their team has improved on both ends of the floor since. They've also improved dramatically in the win-loss column as well. They are 16-16 since Grant was fired.
Since being officially eliminated from the playoffs last Wednesday night, the Cavs lost to the league's worst team – Milwaukee – Friday and then were lifeless in falling 33 points behind to Boston Saturday before rallying late to lose by 12.
The losses seemed eerily familiar to the ones they put up in the closing weeks of last season before Byron Scott was eventually fired. Players tuned out Scott. Does that mean they've now tuned out Brown too?
“I don't think they've stopped paying attention to me,” Brown said. I think if they stopped paying attention to you, they don't do anything at all. That's just my perception. I just don't know if consistently for over 48 minutes based on where we are if we're getting it done, if we're capable of getting it done.
“You'd hope to think so. But the last couple of games, obviously we have not shown that. Hopefully [Wednesday] night we will.”
The Cavs are a loss to the playoff-bound Nets away from a fourth straight 50-plus loss season since winning 127 combined regular season games in James' final 2 years with the team before they left in free agency for Miami.
Sports Stories You May Also Be Interested In
Follow @RuiterWrongFAN
The Crew SC sent three players to its USL affiliate, the Pittsburgh Riverhounds, on Wednesday.
Defender Chad Barson and midfielders Christian Martinez and first-round pick Rodrigo Saravia were loaned on a game-by game basis. All three started and played extensively in the Riverhounds' 4-1 loss to FC Montreal.
The Crew SC sent three players to its USL affiliate, the Pittsburgh Riverhounds, on Wednesday.
Defender Chad Barson and midfielders Christian Martinez and first-round pick Rodrigo Saravia were loaned on a game-by game basis. All three started and played extensively in the Riverhounds� 4-1 loss to FC Montreal.
Barson�s assignment is not a surprise with new center back Nicolai Naess likely to dress and possibly start Saturday night against New York City FC. It marks Barson�s second trip to the USL this season along with five appearances for the Crew. Wednesday night, they received a red card for a challenge in the 78 th minute.
Despite riding a nine-game winless streak, Crew coach and sporting director Gregg Berhalter has said he�s not playing for the future right now. The decision to send down Martinez is further evidence. The 19-year-old midfield has made just two appearances, but scored a goal on June 1 against the Philadelphia Union.
Saravia, 23, has played eight games with Columbus, featuring as a midfielder and center back.
The Crew (3-8-10) was off Wednesday, but returns to the practice field Thursday.
treed@dispatch.com
@treed1919
On Dec. 2, 2015, the Justice Department hosted a convening to address the effect and fairness of fees and fines. The department convened judges, academics and practitioners to develop a research and policy agenda that will inform jurisdictions in their efforts to reform court practices. On Dec. 3, the White House and the department co-sponsored an event called, “A Cycle of Incarceration: Prison, Debt and Bail Practices,” to bring public attention to the connection between poverty and the criminal justice system and highlight state reform efforts. The White House Council of Economic Advisers also released an issue brief exploring the economic inefficiency of fines, fees and bail and their disproportionate impact on the poor.
THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT'S COMMITMENT TO FAIRNESS IN THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE SYSTEM
Criminal justice reform is a top priority for the administration and specifically for the Justice Department. The department has taken significant steps to prevent vulnerable communities from becoming justice-involved, and to promote initiatives that reduce the likelihood of recidivism.
The department's efforts also include addressing problems that obstruct opportunity, such as poverty, since those who are economically disadvantaged are more easily caught up in the criminal justice system and face greater barriers to reentry. Among these efforts are numerous diversion and reentry programs, as well as the White House Legal Aid Interagency Roundtable, which works to improve federal anti-poverty programs by providing access to legal aid.
The department is particularly concerned about criminal justice system practices that perpetuate and exacerbate poverty by imposing unnecessary and exorbitant fees and fines, unjust collection practices, unwarranted suspension of drivers' licenses and other legal obligations. Such penalties may appear small in isolation, but in the obligations can easily and rapidly add up.
These and other practices are not only unwise and harmful, but also inconsistent with constitutional mandates. For example, people are routinely assessed fines that they cannot afford and then jailed for nonpayment without any inquiry into their ability to pay, as required by the Constitution.
These harms are most frequently felt by the most vulnerable members of our communities, and often in cases involving minor offenses, such as traffic citations. Fees and fines have significant consequences. Individuals face repeated, unnecessary incarceration in already overcrowded jails, lose their jobs and their housing, face escalating debt and often become trapped in cycles of poverty that can be nearly impossible to escape.
JUSTICE DEPARTMENT'S REFORM EFFORTS
Ferguson Report: In March 2015, the Civil Rights Division released its report on the investigation of the Ferguson, Missouri, Police Department. In addition to finding a series of unconstitutional police practices, the investigation found that the city focused its municipal court operations on revenue generation rather than public safety, resulting in practices that violate the constitutional rights of area residents. The investigation found that courts routinely imposed excessive fines; ordered the arrest of low-income residents for failure to appear or make payments, despite inadequate notice and without inquiring into their ability to pay; and used unlawful bail practices resulting in unnecessary incarceration. Many of these practices disproportionately impacted African Americans. The department is committed to systemic reform in Ferguson including ensuring a court system that respects peoples' constitutional rights and avoids unnecessary incarceration.
Statements of Interest and Amicus Briefs: The Civil Rights Division and the Office for Access to Justice have filed a number of briefs in courts to protect the rights of the indigent in criminal proceedings, on a range of topics, including unconstitutional bail practices, meaningful right to counsel under the Sixth Amendment and the criminalization of homelessness.
Assistance to States and Localities:Through the Office of Justice Programs (OJP), the department will make funding available to support innovative approaches and alternatives to criminal justice fees, fines and other legal financial obligations that contribute to the cycle of incarceration and poverty. OJP's Office of Civil Rights is also evaluating discrimination complaints against several court systems to determine whether their pretrial and bail policies violate federal laws. Following the convening, the OJP Diagnostic Center will prepare a report to outline a research and policy agenda that will help advance the conversation about criminal justice reform.
COUNCIL OF ECONOMIC ADVISERS ISSUE BRIEF
He'll pull over for hydrants, but never for directions.
—–
Hey everyone! We're excited to finally be able to announce our new project: Katamari!
We're doing a twice-a-week comic for ShiftyLook based on Katamari Damacy! A lot of you are probably well acquainted with Katamari Damacy, but if you're not familiar, you owe it to yourself to check it out. Katamari is a video game series starring the Prince of All Cosmos who, for various absurd reasons, is tasked by their father (the King of All Cosmos) to roll objects small and large into gigantic balls, usually in order to create new stars and planets. They accomplish this by rolling around a katamari, a spherical object to which almost anything will adhere.
That short description does not at all capture how wonderful, weird, and joyous the world of Katamari is, but rest assured that we are absolutely thrilled to be able to tell some stories about it. Our series begins this Monday, the 17th of September! Read the announcement about it here and make sure to check back on ShiftyLook every Monday and Wednesday for a new installment.
Also don't forget that Buttersafe will be at SPX this weekend in Maryland! Unfortunately, Ray will not be able to attend, so come by the table and keep me company! We can talk about Buttersafe or Katamari or how to make pupusas or whatever!
Here's how you get to the Buttersafe table:
Hope to see you soon!
– Alex
Hey folks, welcome to this week's feature episode or as the title says, the .5 episode because my naming convention sucks ass. Anyways I'm joined this episode by Kyle aka Vanilla Soup from the Souper Gaming channel on YouTube, and a little later by Patron Mike Bohman if you're wondering whose voice you're hearing.
THE GEEKERY – On this special episode of The Geekery, we talk video games and a whole lot of other fun including something X is very excited for, the return of The Dark Crystal.
FUN WITH REAL AUDIO – Ricky Joyner warns us that their god is trying to trap the people who believe in the Comey memo…instead of actually stopping us because it's a god, followed shortly after that is Gordon Klingenschmitt who claims to know more about the first amendment than we all do, then there's Mike Huckabee still mad about Gay marriage, and finally Dave Daubenmire lies to parents who are considering homeschool as an option.
TIME FOR RANTS – X gives the corpse of Roger Ailes a swift kick in the ass.
That does it for this week's shows, of course there will be an ancient Secret Patron Show out on Friday, but why wait? Go give us a buck on Patreon and you can get ALL OF THEM without waiting. As always, thank you all so much for giving us a listen! Please get in touch with us if you have anything you want to discuss with us further or to let us know what you thought of the episode this week.
Email: Mailbag@UtahOutcasts.com
Voicemail/SMS line: (347) 669-3377
Instagram: Click Here
Facebook: Click Here
Twitter: Click Here
YouTube: Click Here
http://audio.voxnest.com/stream/f3a8b07f17d6483bb9aa9ff509f0937b/podhell.com/episodes/UO/UO20170520B.mp3
Right Click to Download
OPENING SONG – Courtesy of Teknoaxe used with permission
CLOSING SONG – Capsule “Starry Sky”
Subscribe via iTunes
Subscribe on Android
Subscribe on Spreaker
Subscribe via Stitcher
Support us via Patreon
Support us via PayPal
Buy some Merch!
If either TJ Dillashaw or Renan Barao pull out of their prolonged rematch at UFC on Fox 16, don't expect Raphael Assuncao to be a replacement.
Freddy Assuncao, Raphael's brother and current Titan FC featherweight, told Last Word on Sports that Raphael has stopped training in order to focus on recovery.
“He was actually training, but they came back a little too early,” Freddy says, “The doctor put them back on a cast for another three weeks. It was for precautionary reasons. They were having a little bit of pain.”
Raphael was forced to pull out of their fight against Urijah Faber earlier this year with an ankle injury. Raphael said that the injury occurred in December of the previous year, but that the ankle didn't fully heal in time for a proper training camp.
Freddy says that Rafael was content with taking a tune-up fight before taking on the winner of Dillashaw vs. Barao, but because of the injuries, he's now only looking for a title shot or super fights at featherweight.
“He's not really interested in fighting anyone, other than for the title. They deserve the championship,” Freddie says.
Raphael's last fight took place in October of 2014 when they beat Brian Caraway by unanimous decision. Raphael holds a win over current UFC Bantamweight Champion TJ Dillashaw.
UPDATED July 6, 2017
Virtual reality is made for meditation. Immersed in a cloistered world of your own, you can step away from the stresses of reality to a gentle, calming environment. While there are new connected devices aimed at reducing your stress, VR apps, in particular, are perfectly suited for this task. Why? Meditation itself requires little to no interactivity—after all the goal is to be still. So virtual reality apps require very simple imagery, and often little action, so those designed to encourage quiet reflection work well with lower-end, mobile-based headsets. In other words, you don't need an Oculus Rift to bring upon your inner zen.
Relax VR lets you customize sounds, light and the voice of your meditation instructor.
Relax VR
In need of an island getaway? Relax VR can take you there without the cost of a plane ticket. For just $1.99, you can steep yourself in a forest, beach and even cloud-embanked space, finding your inner peace as you're taken through a meditation exercise. You can customize the light around you, the sound and even the voice of your instructor. That's a zen made just for you.
Meditation app Zen Zone brings the lights down low so you can focus and relax.
Zen Zone
Zen Zone, an Android-only app, begins with a soothing female voice that take you through your meditative experience, which includes watching butterflies flit around a small pond. Do keep in mind the environment is computer generated. When the first part of the guided meditation is over, everything goes dark around you. Then the voice returns, taking you through the remainder, which includes a full-body relaxation exercise. The app is just 99 cents and made just for Android devices.
Meditate at the beach with the Relaxation VR app.
Relaxation VR: Rest & Meditate
Relaxation VR offers users a choice of male and female voices, and several peaceful beach and ocean environments filmed in high-resolution 360-degree video. From Dream Beach in Portugal to The Rock Pools of South NSW in Australia, the locations actually show moving waves—and you can hear them crashing as well. Select your location simply by looking at them, as a controller is not required. The $1.99 Android and iOS app currently works with Cardboard VR viewers, although the company is developing the app for the leading headsets including Samsung Gear VR, Oculus Rift and also Google Daydream VR.
That's you in a bikini chilling with the Perfect Beach VR app.
Perfect Beach VR
This guided meditation app offers a selection of computer-generated beach environments. You can look down to see your body—or a VR version of it, at least—and you even change your gender and skin color. Want even more control? The app allows you to upload your own music or a guided meditation track. Perfect Beach VR is just 99 cents for Android devices, or $2.99 for Gear VR.
Who wouldn't enjoy a VR meditation moment with Monarch butterflies?
MonarchVR: Meditate in VR
MonarchVR is pretty close to what the name suggests: an app that weaves calming music with a randomly-generated virtual environment filled with Monarch butterflies. There are also birds that chips, wooded areas and sunlight—but sadly no guided meditation track. You'll have to bring your own zen to this VR space. Reviewers also note that moving your head around can blur the imagery, so stillness is encouraged. Proceeds from the 99-cent Android-only app go to support the non-profit Pollinator Partnership, which is dedicated to protecting bees and butterflies.
$0.99 for Android: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=co.e...
Unlike Perfect Beach, you don't get a virtual body in this app—you're just floating in the air. Image courtesy of Guided Meditation VR
Guided Meditation VR
This free app for the Gear VR offers a choice of meditation locations, including a forest path, a Japanese garden, a mountain peak, and a beach, with both photo-realistic and computer-generated environments. Five others are listed as coming soon. Other than the location, you can also choose the type of guided meditation you want and the music. Plus, the app measures your heart rate so you can track exactly how much relaxation you're getting. You can also check out the video first on YouTube.
VR Relax serves six different settings for your meditation.
VR Relax - Meditation & Sleep
VR Relax offers users a choice of six computer-generated environment, including a cartoonish space environment, a Middle Eastern setting, and morning, night, ocean, and rain landscapes. Select an environment by looking at your choice, and then pressing the controller button or touching the screen. If you don't have a controller or button, you can tilt your smartphone to make your choice and touch the screen before inserting the device into your headset. The app's images are fairly rudimentary, but then again VR Relax is free for Android smartphones, and having a choice of settings is a plus.
Meditation in a VR zen garden is almost effortless as you'll find with this Google Cardboard VR app.
Zen Garden VR Cardboard
A zen garden could be an ideal setting for a meditative moment—and that's what Zen Garden VR delivers. The free app is simple, with a computer-generated garden environment,and includes a quiet pool, arched bridge, trees, flowers and a setting sun. You'll also hear nature sounds amid soothing music while immersed in this free Android-only app.
Be.Vision will guide you to better focus with this VR meditation app.
YouTube
Finally, YouTube has dozens of 360-degree and VR meditation videos. How do you view these with your VR headset? You just load up the video you want on your smartphone, click on the Cardboard icon at the bottom right of the screen, then put your smartphone into your Cardboard-compatible VR headset. Unfortunately, there is no YouTube app yet for the Gear VR, but you can surf to the YouTube website using the Samsung Internet app.
Be.Vision, for example, has a guided meditation for building focus and overcoming procrastination, and another video for relaxation. Of course, these are all free.
—Additional reporting by VR reviewer Charline Jao.
An otherwise healthy earnings statement from Microsoft was overshadowed by a substantial $900 million charge attributed to "Surface RT inventory adjustments." The ARM-powered tablet, Microsoft's first foray into selling computers, recently had its price cut by $150 to $349 amid long-standing reports of poor sales. With this $900 million charge, those poor sales and price cuts are hitting Microsoft's bottom line.
Revenue for the fourth quarter was $19.896 billion, up 10 percent on the same quarter last year. Operating income was $6.073 billion and earnings per share $0.59, both essentially unchanged from a year ago.
As ever, Microsoft also published non-GAAP numbers. The GAAP numbers defer revenue that was taken for Office 2013 and Windows 8 prior to the availability of the software, not booking the revenue until the software is actually delivered. The non-GAAP numbers book the revenue as soon as it's taken. Under that metric, quarterly revenue was $19.114 billion, up three percent year on year. Operating income was $5.291 billion, down 24 percent year on year, and earnings per share were $0.52, down 29 percent on a year ago.
For the full 2013 financial year, revenue was $77.849 billion, up six percent on 2012. Operating income was $26.764 billion, an increase of 23 percent, and earnings per share were $2.58, a 29 percent improvement. Much of this improvement is due to 2012's $6.193 billion write-down over the aQuantive purchase.
Though Microsoft has announced a significant corporate reorganization, its financial reporting uses the same divisional model and could continue to do so even as the reorganization is implemented. Full details of this will be disclosed in September.
Windows division revenue—which includes Surface RT—saw the fourth quarter grow by six percent to $4.411 billion, with operating income down 54 percent to $1.099 billion. For the full year, the division had revenue of $19.239 billion, up 4.6 percent, and an operating income of $9.504 percent, down 18 percent.
The division continues to suffer from the downturn in the broader PC market. OEM revenue was down 15 percent, driven by the decline of x86 sales. Non-OEM revenue was up 22 percent, with double-digit growth in volume licensing. The company says that close to three-quarters of enterprise desktops are now using Windows 7.
The Server and tools division posted quarterly revenue of $5.502 billion, up nine percent year on year. Operating income was $2.325 billion, up 14 percent. For the full year, revenue was $20.281 billion, up nine percent on 2012, and operating income was up 13 percent at $8.164 billion.
Both product revenue and Enterprise Services showed nine percent growth. System Center showed growth of 14 percent, SQL Server increased revenue by 16 percent. The company reports growing Azure momentum, too, with 25 percent more enterprise customers.
Microsoft Business Division had quarterly revenue of $7.213 billion, up 14 percent, with operating income of $4.873 billion, an increase of 18 percent. Over the full year, revenue was up three percent to $24.724 billion and operating income was up two percent to $16.194 billion.
Business revenue, representing about 85 percent of the division's revenue, was up seven percent. Business subscription revenue was up 10 percent, offsetting a one percent drop in license-only transactional revenue. Consumer revenue was hammered, however, falling by 27 percent due to the weakness of the x86 market. Office 365 is now on track to have annual revenue of $1.5 billion, with more than one million users of the consumer-oriented Office 365 Home Premium version. Exchange, SharePoint, and Lync all experienced double-digit growth.
Online Services division revenue for the quarter was $0.804 billion, up nine percent on the same quarter last year. Operating loss was $0.372 billion. The loss a year ago was $6.672 billion, but most of this was due to the aQuantive write-down. Excluding that, the loss has been reduced by $0.107 billion, or 22 percent. Full year revenue was $3.201 billion, up 12 percent.
Entertainment and Services division had quarterly revenue of $1.915 billion, up eight percent on last year. The division posted an operating loss of $0.110 billion, a 57 percent reduction on last year. Full year revenue was $10.165 billion, up six percent on 2012, with operating income of $0.848 billion, up 123 percent from last year.
Even as it heads toward replacement, Xbox 360 is continuing to sell, with the company shifting a million units last quarter. Xbox LIVE revenue was up by about 20 percent. Windows Phone-related revenue, covering both Windows Phone and patent licensing agreements, was up $0.222 billion.
The company also offered guidance for the first quarter of the 2014 financial year. Windows division will continue to suffer from the poor PC market, with OEM revenue (about 65 percent of what the division turns over) expected to decline by the mid teens. Server and Tools revenue is expected to grow by high single digits. Business division enterprise revenue is anticipated to grow by mid-single digits, but consumer revenue will lag the PC market by five percent. The company estimates that Online Services revenue will grow by double digits. Entertainment and Devices revenue will decline by low single digits.
The quarterly and full year results for the Business and Server divisions were both strong. Online Services continues to lose money, though it's losing less each quarter. Entertainment and Devices seemed to perform decently, considering the age of Xbox and the significant seasonal variations it experiences. Setting aside the Surface adjustment, even the Windows division performed reasonably well, considering the general malaise of the PC market.
But that Surface adjustment is huge. The company said that it's for Surface RT and related parts and accessories. We don't know the exact breakdown of the $900 million figure. Worst case, it implies that the company has six million Surface RTs ($900 million divided by $150 price cut per unit) sitting unsold. The true number may be a little lower, due to some of the hit coming from parts and accessories. But Microsoft is still sitting on several million—perhaps as many as five—Surface RTs.
That the company is struggling to sell them is perhaps not so surprising. The value proposition of the Surface RT was never clear. For those who wanted an out-and-out tablet, the Nexus 10 and iPad were in the same price ballpark but with much richer ecosystems. For those who really wanted Windows software, Atom-powered devices provided a lot more compatibility and a bit more performance, again with prices in the same ballpark. Surface RT was stuck awkwardly in the middle.
What is surprising, however, is that the company so grossly overestimated demand for the product that it apparently had its manufacturers build many millions, such that it would then have to write down the value of millions of units of unsold Surface RT stock. That's a spectacular misjudgment.
Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE said Sunday that Wall Street is influencing rival Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE with millions of dollars in campaign donations and speaking fees.
"Obviously, I don't think there's any debate," they said on "Fox News Sunday," in response to a question about whether Wall Street donations have influenced the former secretary of State.
"She's obviously not the only candidate out there," they said. "Many Republicans are raising huge amounts of money from Wall Street as well."
They added that every candidate says that the donations from Wall Street and the fossil fuel industry don't impact their decisions.
"Every candidate says that. Well the question that we ask: Is Wall Street and all of these other billionaires and wealthy individuals, are they really so dumb? Why are they contributing to much money?"
"I'll let the American people make that decision," they said.
Ultra-portable large-diaphragm condenser for all platforms now available
Press Release: IK Multimedia, the leader in mobile music creation technology, is pleased to announce that iRig® Mic Studio is now available and shipping. It's an ultra-portable large-diaphragm digital condenser microphone - with a 1" diameter capsule - that's perfect for musicians, vocalists, home producers, podcasters, broadcasters, voice-over artists and anyone else who needs to capture professional quality sound. Designed for plug-and-play seamless operation with iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac, PC and Android, now anyone can record with studio-quality results anytime and anywhere.
Its release coincides with the arrival of the new Mic Room microphone-modelling app for iPhone and iPad. This revolutionary new app provides a massive collection of meticulously modelled microphones that musicians can use to colour the sound of their iRig Mic Studio. With everything from ribbons to condensers to dynamics, it's a treasure chest full of virtual versions of some of the most timeless microphone designs of all time.
Video of iRig Mic Studio - Ultra-portable large-diaphragm microphone for iPhone, iPad, Mac/PC & Android
Superior portable performance
iRig Mic Studio has been created to provide the best sound quality possible in every recording situation. It features a large 1" diameter back electret condenser capsule, a 24-bit audiophile-grade A/D converter (with 44.1/48 kHz sample rate) and a built-in low-noise high-definition preamp. These, combined with its 133dB SPL rating, allow for optimal audio capture at any sound pressure level - it can record everything from the subtle and nuanced dynamics of the human voice to the full-on bombast of an amplified electric guitar, and everything in between.
And while these features are excellent on their own, what's truly remarkable about iRig Mic Studio is that it fits its components into a compact enclosure so small that it makes other microphones seem supersized and cumbersome by comparison.
Comprehensive control
In addition to its high-end components, iRig Mic Studio also sports a comprehensive set of monitoring and level control features. It comes with a gain control knob and a multicolour LED level indicator that allow for on-the-spot adjustment. It also has a headphone output jack with its own level control for monitoring directly from the microphone itself. For better positioning while recording, iRig Mic Studio comes with a sturdy and portable tabletop tripod stand. And for improved portability, it comes with its own protective travel pouch.
It's all about the connections
iRig Mic Studio is compatible with nearly every popular mobile and desktop platform. It comes with a female micro-USB port and an assortment of cables: Micro-USB to Lightning for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch; micro-USB to micro-USB OTG for Android (requires either an Android 5 or Samsung Professional Audio device); and micro-USB to USB for Mac and PC.
A world of professional microphones
Though iRig Mic Studio sounds great on its own, its tonal character can also be customized thanks to IK's new Mic Room app for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch. Mic Room is a microphone-modelling app that works seamlessly with iRig Mic Studio to give it the sonic characteristics of some of the most famous microphones in history: tried-and-true dynamics, velvety tube condensers, smooth ribbons and a whole lot more. Now producers, musicians, podcasters and anyone else who wants great sound on the go can have access to an all-in-one microphone that can mimic a full treasure trove of classics.
The Mic Room App is available from the App Store at
www.appstore.com/microom
Record with the power of apps
For immediate recording, iRig Mic Studio comes with a powerful suite of vocal apps. VocaLive™ is an expandable, powerful effects processor and multi-track recording app that's perfect for professional singers. EZ Voice™ for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch and EZ Voice™ for Android are streamlined and easy-to-use sing-along apps that make it easy for vocalists to practise with any song in their music library.iRig® Recorder for iPhone, iPad and iPod touch and iRig® Recorder for Android are straightforward audio capture apps that are great for everyone from journalists who need to make recordings in the field to podcasters who want to broadcast while on the go, and everyone in between.
The VocaLive App is available from the App Store at www.appstore.com/vocalive
The EZ Voice App is available from the App Store at www.appstore.com/ezvoice
The iRig Recorder App is available from the App Store at www.appstore.com/irigrecorder
EZ Voice is available for Android via Google Play and the Samsung GALAXY Apps store. iRig Recorder is available for Android on Google Play.
iRig Mic Studio is also fully compatible with a wide variety of third party apps and software, like Cubasis, ProStudio Vocal FX, MultiTrack DAW and more. It's also compatible with Apple's GarageBand and Logic Pro X apps, and iOS Voice Memo.
Pricing and availability
iRig Mic Studio comes in silver or black and is available now from music and electronics retailers worldwide and from the IK online store for only $/€179.99 (excluding taxes).
To see the official video of iRig Mic Studio in action, go to:
www.irigmicstudio.com/video
Soares' JobMine Interview Notifier
License
Copyright (c) 2009-2011 Michael A. Soares me@mikesoares.com
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
Description
This is a PHP-based interview/application status notifier I hacked together a few years ago for the University of Waterloo's job posting site, JobMine (http://jobmine.uwaterloo.ca).
It is really, REALLY hacked together so there is DEFINITELY a lot that can be improved upon. I've only kept the functionality up-to-date with UW's various URL changes, new status additions for jobs, and SMS functionality that has been pretty flaky (I've been using Tropo as a gateway).
Basic Setup
Create a MySQL database and import the structure in soares_jmnotify.sql.
Modify includes/config.php with your own settings.
In gogopowerranges.php (I have no idea why I called it that), define the correct path in the first require.
Run chmod 755 gogopowerrangers.php so that the script is executable.
Grab PHPMailer from http://sourceforge.net/projects/phpmailer/ and place the two class files in the includes folder; be sure to configure that accordingly.
Create the following cron job so that the script polls JobMine every half hour (adjust accordingly): */30 8-23 * * * php /path/to/jobmine_notifer/gogopowerrangers.php >/dev/null 2>&1
Optional Setup
SMS Notifications
If you want SMS notifications to work, browse to include/useful_funcs.php and uncomment the sendSms function's contents. If you're using Tropo, make sure you have a script setup somewhere that will handle your outgoing SMSes and you've set your Tropo token in includes/config.php. If you're using another gateway, rewrite sendSms with whatever API calls that are required.
Logging
By default, the scripts log a bunch of stats to the database. You can see all of the logging calls in validate.php and gogopowerrangers.php. The data from here is then graphed using JpGraph. If you want to be able to see such data, grab JpGraph from http://www.jpgraph.net/ and place the contents in the jpgraph folder. You can access the stats by visiting whatever URL you will be hosting this under /stats.php.
SSL
SSL is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED or else users will be sending their passwords unencrypted over the Internet. The latter is bad. Don't be a n00b - set up SSL.
Questions & Suggestions
If you have any questions, feel free to send them to me@mikesoares.com.
If you have any suggestions, feel free to create a branch, implement them and open up a pull request.
President Obama dropped a bombshell in an online "Fireside Chat" Thursday that could reverberate — and shatter piggy banks — across the nation. Our commander-in-chief, it seems, wants to do away with the penny. Each one-cent piece costs 2.4 cents to mint and distribute, so the U.S. government loses money every time it puts one into circulation. The savings from eliminating the copper and zinc coins won't result in huge savings for the government, but it still makes sense, Obama says, as "anytime we're spending more money on something that people don't actually use, that's an example of something we should probably change."
Will it happen? Obama knows it's an uphill battle, in part because politicians in Washington have bigger problems to worry about, and in part because Americans remain sentimentally attached to the coins because they used to squirrel them away, counting every one, as kids. "We all remember, at least those of us of a certain age — some of you are a lot younger than me — but we remember our piggy banks and counting up all our pennies and taking them in, gettin' a dollar bill or couple dollars from them," Obama says. "And maybe that's the reason why people haven't gotten around to it."
The idea has been kicked around for years, but the incentive to do it is growing. In 2009, the U.S. government lost $19.8 million minting pennies, according to the mint's budget. The bill rose to $27.4 million in 2010, and $60.2 million in 2011. In an era when politicians and voters are demanding that Washington put its finances in order, the penny would be an easy thing to cut.
"The penny is a thing of the past," says Phil Gianficaro at the Philadelphia Daily News. In 1909, a penny could buy a postcard, say, or a few eggs, but "today it can't even buy itself."
Why do we need the penny anymore? Other than slipping one beneath a wobbly vase to steady it or dropping a handful of the copper-colored coins into the soil to increase the pH to help hydrangeas, what's the point? Who even bothers to bend down to pick one up off the sidewalk anymore? How many merchants accept handfuls of them as payment without first flashing the jingle-jangle patron a sneer? Penny candy? Today, that's nostalgic rather than realistic. [Daily News]
The penny still has its fans, though. A group called Americans for Common Cents argues in the West Milford, N.J., Messenger that the penny still offers benefits for the economy. Besides, the alternatives come with costs, too. The nickel, for example, costs 11 cents to put into circulation, and that "fixed costs associated with penny production would have to be absorbed by the remaining denominations of circulating coins."
The U.S. isn't the first country to confront the demise of its smallest unit of currency. Canada last year stopped minting its one-cent coins — in circulation since 1858, when Canada established its own currency. In the last few decades, Britain, France, Israel, and Spain, among others, also got rid of their least valuable coins. Other nations, including Australia, Denmark, New Zealand, Norway, and Sweden have phased out several of their smallest coins. "The Canadian penny has been eliminated because it is a waste of both money and time," says The Economist. "Inflation has reduced its purchasing power by 95 percent," and it's no longer good to buy anything, just make change. Once that happens, a coin "becomes more trouble than it is worth."
The same arguments apply to the United States penny, which costs 2.4 cents to make. But eliminating it would result in greater use of the five-cent coin, the nickel, which costs 11.2 cents to produce. So the American penny survives, at least for the time being. In Canada, meanwhile, coin collectors can buy a commemorative roll of 50 pennies from the last million minted for C$9.95, or 20 cents for each coin. Those last pennies, at least, have earned their keep. [The Economist]
More from TheWeek.com :
3 Level-Headed Takeaways from the Tesla-New York Times Kerfuffle
$9 Minimum Wage: Poverty Reducer or Job Killer?
Warren Buffett Buys Heinz: Another Win for the Oracle of Omaha?
That's one cracking motor! Brave owner parks their unique £1.6m Bugatti Veyron supercar made of PORCELAIN in Paris street
The 253 mph car drew a crowd after being spotted outside a Parisian hotel during its first sighting in Europe
Advertisement
It must require nerves of steel to drive a £1.6million one-off porcelain supercar through Paris' notoriously congested streets, let alone parallel park it.
The super-wealthy owner of this astonishing Veyron L'Or Blanc - or White Gold - must have breathed a sigh of relief when it arrived at the hotel unscathed .
This unique edition of the 253mph, 1,000bhp car - created in conjunction with a firm that usually makes tea pots - had never been seen on the road in Europe.
Exclusive: The 253mph car, which is the world's first car to 'wear the finest porcelain on its body', arrived at the Plaza Athenee Hotel, and soon drew a crowd of onlookers
High-octane: With a price tag of £1.6, and with a porcelain body, it takes calm nerves to parallel park the Veyron in Paris' narrow streets
And when rumours started circling it had popped up in Paris, the 'car-parazzi' packed their tripods before heading for France.
Fans from England, France, Holland and Germany quickly arrived at the Plaza Athenee Hotel where they found the world's first car to ‘wear the finest porcelain on its body'.
Tim Burton, 24, drove down from London after hearing the rumours. They said: ‘I heard the one-off Veyron had been seen in Paris and I couldn't miss the opportunity to head to France and see it with my own eyes.
‘Fortunately it was parked out on the road and what an amazing car it truly is.'
One-off: The astonishing porcelain Bugatti Veyron L'Or Blanc was made last year but it has never been seen on the road in Europe until now
Drawing a crowd: Fans from England, France, Holland and Germany quickly arrived at the Plaza Athenee Hotel where they found the world's first car to 'wear the finest porcelain on its body'
THE SUPER STATS FOR THE BUGATTI 'WHITE GOLD' SUPERCAR
Cost: £1.6 million
Number built: One
Engine: 8-litre W16
Power: 1,001bhp
Accleration: 0-62mph in 2.7 seconds, 0-124mph in 7.3 secs and 0-186mph in 16.7 secs
Top speed: 253mph (with roof down: 217mph)
Braking: 62mph - 0mph in 31.4 metres (DVLA figure = 73 metres)
Carbon dioxide emissions: 596g/km (Toyota Prius: 92g/km)
Average fuel economy: 10mpg
Fuel economy in town: 6.9mph
They were joined by a group who travelled from Dusseldorf, Germany while Dutchman Seger Giesbers, 18, said there were ‘at least' 15 photographers at the scene when they arrived.
The £1.6 million L'or Blanc edition of the Veyron Super Sport model was built by Bugatti with help from a German ceramics company better known for making high-end tea sets.
As well as its swirly porcelain white and blue paint work, its exterior features filler caps, badges and wheel caps made from specially constructed from the material.
Bugatti's design experts came with the psychedelic blue and white paintjob as a tribute to the 'Stelvio Pass', a legendary stretch of road in Italy.
The supercar firm even went as far as describing the creation as an ‘unusual idea', with the one-off vehicle sold to a super-wealthy Saudi Arabian customer.
It is powered by an 8-litre W16 engine which develops a mammoth 1,000bhp.
With this power it can accelerate from 0-62mph in 2.5 seconds and reach a top speed of 253mph.
Dr. Stefan Brungs, Director of Sales and Marketing at Bugatti Automobiles said at the time of the car's launch in, last year: 'At first, it seems to be an unusual idea to use porcelain in a car, especially in the world's fastest convertible.
'But this is what Bugatti stands for: the realization of exceptional ideas whilst striving for the utmost in quality and aesthetics.
This allows us to continue Ettore Bugatti's heritage, who themselves loved to experiment with new materials.'
Glimpse: Rumours that the one-off Bugatti had popped up in Paris caused the 'car-parazzi' to flock from across Europe in the hope of a sighting
A hero of World War II who vanished after they were credited with helping at least 20,000 Hungarian Jews escape the Holocaust was declared dead Monday, more than 71 years after the war ended.
Historians said Raoul Wallenberg, a Swedish diplomat, was believed to have died in Soviet captivity. The specific time and circumstances of their death remain unresolved.
FORMER MEMBER OF FAMED TUSKEGEE AIRMEN DIES IN NYC AT 92
Wallenberg vanished after the Red Army arrested them in Budapest in 1945. The Soviets initially denied they were in their custody, but in 1957 they said they had died of a heart attack in prison on July 17, 1947.
Another report suggested they were still alive six days later. There have been numerous unconfirmed witness accounts from people saying they saw them decades later.
Wallenberg, who was born in 1912, helped provide Swedish passports or passage to safe houses for Jews in Budapest trying to escape the horrors of the Holocaust.
Citing documents from Hungarian archives, Swedish-Hungarian writer Gellert Kovacs said Wallenberg had closer links with Hungary's non-Communist resistance movement than previously thought. That, Kovacs said, could shed new light on why the Soviets arrested them and why supposedly neutral Sweden remained so passive after their disappearance.
REPLICA OF PART OF HITLER'S BUNKER SPARKS CONTROVERSY IN BERLIN
"For me it is very clear that it was also Wallenberg's mission to act as some kind of coordinator between the resistance forces and the Allies," Kovacs told The Associated Press.
The Swedish Tax Authority, which registers births and deaths in Sweden, confirmed a report Monday in the Expressen newspaper that Wallenberg had been pronounced dead.
Pia Gustafsson, who heads the agency's legal department, told The Associated Press that the decision was made on Oct. 26 after an application from Wallenberg's trustee.
They said the date of Wallenberg's death was set as July 31, 1952, a date chosen by default under a rule saying a missing person who is presumed to have died should be declared dead five years after their disappearance.
In Kovacs' 2013 book, they claim documents they found in Hungary's military history archives showed how a member of the resistance movement communicated the position of Nazi Germany's ships in the Danube river to the allies via radio equipment in the Swedish embassy. British planes based on Malta then bombed the ships.
While there is no documentation that links those activities directly to Wallenberg, Kovacs says their research shows Wallenberg had frequent contacts with leaders of the non-communist resistance movement including Kalman Zsabka and Zoltan Miko.
Many countries have memorials commemorating their work, including Israel, which designated them as one of the "Righteous Among the Nations," the highest honor granted to non-Jews who risked their lives to save Jews during the Holocaust.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
MALCOLM Turnbull has moved to clear another hurdle in the way of gay marriage being legal by Christmas by launching a separate review of religious freedoms in Australia.
The Prime Minister announced this morning they had ordered a review into “whether Australian law adequately protects the human right to religious freedom” which will not report back to the government until March 31, 2018.
It heads off calls from conservative MPs within the Coalition for a raft of amendments to the bill on same-sex marriage which had threatened to delay the legislation passing this year.
REVEALED: PM cops letter over ‘joke' delay
media_camera Malcolm Turnbull has launched a separate review of religious freedoms in Australia. Picture: AAP
Mr Turnbull made it clear this morning the review was to appease those calling for amendments, while allowing time to consider any “unintended consequences”.
“The impending legalisation of same-sex marriage has seen a variety of proposals for legislative reform to protect freedom of religion,” they said in a statement.
“Many of these proposals go beyond the immediate issue of marriage.
“Any reforms to protect religious freedom at large should be undertaken carefully.
“There is a high risk of unintended consequences when Parliament attempts to legislate protections for basic rights and freedoms, such as freedom of religion.
“The Government is particularly concerned to prevent uncertainties caused by generally worded Bill of Rights-style declarations.
“This will be a timely expert stocktake to inform consideration of any necessary legislative reforms.”
media_camera Philip Ruddock will conduct the review. Picture: Justin Lloyd.
Liberal senator Dean Smith, who launched the bill to make gay marriage legal that will be debated in the senate next week, has welcomed the review.
I fully endorse the Prime Minister's initiative. It is a well-considered pathway to guaranteeing a comprehensive discussion about the proper place for religious freedom in our legal architecture. https://t.co/VIkQUy49v6 — Dean Smith (@DeanSmithWA) November 22, 2017
Treasurer Scott Morrison, a leading conservative within the Liberal Party, also welcomed the review of religious freedoms but signalled there could still be amendments to Senator Smith's bill.
Conservative MP Alex Hawke, the Assistant Minister for Immigration and Border Protection, said the announcement was a “most welcome addition and an important guarantee to No voters and people of faith in this debate”.
“Coming from a No voting electorate in Western Sydney, the concerns of faith based communities have been amplified in recent days with reports of attacks on churches and intimidation of No voters for their deeply held and sincere views,” they said.
“It is disappointing, in a country that has long benefited from having Christian ethics at its core, people are being targeted for practising their faith.
media_camera Scott Morrison and Alex Hawke have welcomed the review. Picture: Phillip Rogers
“Recent events are also an important reminder of the reasons why the law must protect the right of people to their own religious views and the right to practice their faith free of intervention and intimidation.”
Despite the review, Mr Hawke said they would continue to seek amendments “necessary to protect religious freedom” to the Smith bill.
The Turnbull Government has appointed retired Liberal MP and former immigration minister Philip Ruddock to conduct the review.
“The Hon. Philip Ruddock is the right person to conduct this review,” Mr Turnbull said.
“Mr Ruddock has most recently served as Australia's Special Envoy for Human Rights.
“In their many years in public life they have maintained a steadfast commitment to cultural and religious diversity in this country.”
An expert panel including the recently appointed President of the Australian Human Rights Commission, Rosalind Croucher, Annabelle Bennett AO SC and Frank Brennan SJ AO will also conduct the review.
Mr Ruddock, who is also now the mayor of Sydney's Hornsby council, welcomed the new role today.
“For me, protection of the right to freedom of religion is a very important right and how we manage that within the context of difficult human rights obligations which can sometimes be formalised in a way which takes it beyond the power of the parliament, we need to get the balance right,” they told the Nine Network.
Opposition leader Bill Shorten said Labor would look at the detail of the review.
“We're not automatically against that, but one thing's for sure we're not interested in delaying tactics and continuing discrimination,” they told reporters in Queensland.
“If there's a way we can deal with legitimate concerns about religious freedoms, Labor will be highly constructive.”
Originally published as PM clears gay marriage obstacle
A Syrian migrant who gave an interview to the Norwegian outlet DN appears to have said they want to go to the country because it has “good prisons”.
The clip, above, has drawn some debate online as to whether indeed they say “prison” or “person” – the migrant, who seems to have come from Syria, does not have an excellent grasp of the English language.
But Norwegian prisons are indeed revered by the liberal left, with Time magazine calling them the “most humane” in the world, and the Guardian referring to them as places where inmates “are treated like people”.
Indeed a Norwegian prisoner's bedroom looks more like a decent university dorm room, or even a budget hotel – not bad for having broken the law.
Halden prison is a 75-acre facility which has no bars on its windows, kitchens that are “fully equipped with sharp objects”, and even a recording studio.
Online comments under the video are split in opinion as to whether or not the migrant says “prison” or “person”.
Tiergarden wrote: “Without having to defend anything, I think actually that they mean “Prisons” but “person”. It is clear that they are not very good at English – they fumble for words in general.
“I do not think that one should put too much emphasis on this, because its just a mix of English words.”
Another user added: “He is right. Norway's prisons resemble not just a punishment. Anders Breivik sits and enjoys life where they are.”
But CrankyWhiteWoman said: “It would appear this man has plans to engage in criminal acts. What other reason would they have for basing their migration on prison quality? They need to be sent back to the Islamic hellhole they slithered from.”
You could say the jury is still out on this one.
You can provide a custom message that will preface the content in the email
You can provide a custom message that will preface the content in the email
Separate email addresses with commas. You may provide up to 30 emails at a time.
Separate email addresses with commas. You may provide up to 30 emails at a time.
Chinese dissident artist Ai Weiwei has set up a studio on the Greek island of Lesbos and will create projects to call attention to the refugee crisis.
Hundreds of thousands of refugees have stopped on Lesbos as they flee war-torn regions, including Syria, en route to Europe. Untold thousands have perished crossing the Aegean Sea.
The artist plans to visit the island often over the course of the year, they told reporters, and station some of their students there in their studio.
“As an artist, I have to relate to humanity's struggles ... I never separate these situations from my art,” Ai Weiwei said. Adding, “The border is not in Lesbos, it really [is] in our minds and in our hearts."
X-15 Adventures:
Flight 51 (3-4-8)
-- April 20, 1962
Neil Armstrong's reentry skip
...
To the edge of space and to the edge of Los Angeles
Maximum altitude 207,500 feet Maximum speed Mach 5.31
3,789 mph Flight duration 12 min. 28.7 sec. Rocket burn 82.4 sec
Neil Armstrong's first space flights were in the X-15, before they joined the astronaut corps. Their credits included first-flight of the #3 X-15, first flight using the ball nose ("q-ball" air data sensor), and initial checkout of the MH-96 flight controller. Flight 51 was an MH-96 checkout.
The MH-96 was an experimental adaptive controller on the #3 X-15. The first two X-15's gave the pilot a right-hand sidestick and a center stick for aerodynamic flight controls, a left-hand sidestick for reaction controls outside the atmosphere, and a separate stability augmentation system. The MH-96 integrated all of these functions into one device, controlled by the right-hand sidestick. The MH-96 noted how responsive the aircraft was to aerodynamic controls, using stabilator and rudder to control attitude, and adaptively changed control response to suit flight conditions. In dense low-altitude air it used low gains: A given stick movement produced a relatively small control surface deflection. In the thin air of high altitudes it produced larger control surface deflection for the same stick input. When the air was too thin for these controls to work it used the same sidestick to operate reaction controls, the small hydrogen peroxide thrusters located in the nose and the wings. While leaving or reentering the atmosphere it automatically balanced and blended use of the two types of controls.
Before launching at 45,000 feet the B-52 and the X-15 encountered unusual turbulence, "the most severe I have had to ride through in the B-52", said Armstrong in their post-flight pilot's comments. Otherwise, preflight and launch went fairly smoothly.
After launch Armstrong pulled up into the initial climb, reaching 32 degrees nose-high pitch attitude after 35 seconds of flight. The climb involved a 0 g pushover-over check with the MH-96 in alpha-hold mode (alpha is angle of attack), followed by a pitch-up to return to a 32-degree climb. Just before the second pitch-up, the speed check at 50 seconds of flight time showed 3,100 feet per second, 2,113 m.p.h.
Climb angle was somewhat in doubt, with aircraft instruments showing 30 to 30.5 degrees while NASA's ground station showed a slightly higher angle. Armstrong quickly decided to fly the climb at 30.5 degrees as indicated by their instruments and held this angle until engine burnout at 82 seconds.
Precision piloting was essential in X-15 flights. A deviation of a fraction of one degree in pitch, a fraction of one second in engine burn time, and ordinary variability in rocket engine performance could produce multi-mile overshoots or undershoots in altitude or substantial overshoots or undershoots in speed. Flights gathering aerodynamic data usually needed both altitude and speed controlled very precisely in order to accomplish their test objectives. This degree of control was challenging in an aircraft whose acceleration started at 2 g's full fuel at launch and built to over 4 g's as it consumed about 18,000 pounds of ammonia and liquid oxygen, more than its own empty weight.
Good flight so far, now for the adventure...
Neil Armstrong did additional stability and control checks as the X-15 re-entered the atmosphere, testing roll maneuvers at high angles of attack (AOA). They flew about 15 to 16 degrees AOA as forces built to 4 g's. The MH-96 has a load limiting function that should trip in the range of 4 to 4 1/2 g's, commanding a reduction in pitch attitude to avoid excessive g forces. In Armstrong's own words...
"I elected to leave the angle of attack in that mode [15-16 degrees] ... it wasn't obvious that we were having any g limiting so I left it at this 4 g level for quite a long time hoping that this g limiting might show up. It did not and apparently this where we got into the ballooning situation."
Due to maintaining a high angle of attack the X-15 pulled up and essentially skipped off the top of the atmosphere, returning to space. In this near-vacuum there was insufficient drag to slow it and the wings could not develop enough aerodynamic force to turn it. Back to Neil Armstrong's description...
"At this point I heard the second transmission from NASA 1. ...I expected from my simulation work 'you're about 20 miles north,' but the transmission I got was "turn hard left."
"...With the left turn command which I followed with 60 degrees left bank angle and 15 degrees angle of attack, I did not properly appreciate the altitude I was at. I was apparently at an altitude above that which I had expected to be and which caused me to go sailing merrily by the field."
X-15 approaches normally were from the north, with a 360-degree spiral to final approach starting from about 20,000 to 30,000 feet and ending with a touchdown on Rogers Dry Lake. On this flight the X-15 cruised by with excess energy, too high and too fast to enter the approach spiral. Going south past the base at about 1 mile every 2 seconds, the flight path passed the Mojave Desert towns of Lancaster and Palmdale. Beyond Palmdale are the San Gabriel Mountains, and beyond them is the Los Angeles basin.
This point was roughly over Pasadena, La Canada, and the Rose Bowl, 45 miles south of Edwards Air Force Base! This is the northern edge of the Los Angeles Basin, on the south side of the San Gabriel Mountains. If not for that 3 g turn Armstrong's next radio contact might have needed to sound something like this: "Los Angeles Approach, X-15 66672 needs immediate clearance for straight-in approach to runway 25 Right at LAX."
Armstrong quickly considered and rejected the long runway at Palmdale, El Mirage Dry Lake to the east, and Rosamond Dry Lake to the West. They settled on stretching their glide to the south lakebed at Edwards. Two chase planes joined up as Armstrong was lining up for a straight-in approach, aiming for the middle of the south lakebed. The farther they went, the shorter it seemed the glide would be. The X-15 finally landed successfully on the lakebed -- and when one of the chase pilots was asked how much clearance there was with the Joshua trees at the edge of the lakebed their answer was "Oh, at least 100 feet ... on either side".
The flight ended 12 minutes, 28.7 seconds after it started, the longest X-15 flight of the entire research program.
Related materials, scanned as images unless otherwise noted:
Technical flight summary, (final draft of pilot report?) scanned as text file
Pilot's comments, scanned as text plus one image
Radio communications transcript, scanned as text
Flight summary form
Planned flight path
Flight 51 request form: page 1: page 2: page 3:
Neil Armstrong after landing on an earlier flight in the #1 X-15...
This photo and the typed note pasted to it appear to have been posted on a NASA Dryden bulletin board, probably in the mid-1960's. This was in the estate of a NASA mechanic who worked on the X-15's. Also in this photo is Bruce Peterson, best known as a test pilot in later lifting body research, at the left side of the cockpit, facing the camera.
From Runway to Orbit
"All of the engineers heard about Neil's April 1962 flight to Pasadena in the X-15 and how they barely made it back to the south end of Rogers Dry Lake. From studying that flight later, it was clear to me that they learned something from the flight that we needed to know: that if the pilot doesn't let the airplane settle into the denser atmosphere, it will skip back out. ... When we did the flight planning, we assumed that the airplane would continue to settle in. ..."
"Although that experience was scary when it happened, it taught us lessons in flying the return from space, where a pilot has virtually no aerodynamic control, and into the denser atmosphere, where a pilot does have aerodynamic control, and how to put those two together into a successful landing. The pilots changed the way they practiced on the simulator after that flight, and the lessons that we learned from that flight of the X-15 were passed along to the Shuttle program, where the reentry was automated and probably a little less likely to skip out of the atmosphere. Nonetheless, the X-15 made all of us aware that aggressive turning required a large lift vector. If the vehicle didn't have a large lift vector, it would roll, but the direction of flight wouldn't change."
The actual flight path mapped in red on this web page is reconstructed from information in the map of the planned flight path, the pilot's postflight notes, the radio communications transcript, and additional recent comments offered by the pilot, Neil Armstrong
This author derived the shape of the turn over the San Gabriel Mountains and the northern part of the Los Angeles Basin by graphically rotating and reflecting the ground track from the only surviving radar plot of an X-15 mission. That mission was Bob White's FAI altitude record flight, which also finished with an overshoot of the landing site. White passed Edwards AFB at about 60,000 feet and Mach 3, Armstrong passed at just over 100,000 feet and Mach 3. Both used similar control inputs and aircraft attitudes to produce a 3g turn for the return to Rogers Dry Lake. In both cases this was a windup turn, with radius decreasing as the X-15 descended and slowed.
Accuracy of this reconstructed plot of the flight path cannot be confirmed in the absence of actual radar data, and even the pilot is unable to provide precise visual information because downward visibility from the X-15 cockpit is quite limited. However, the combination of details in the flight log and constraints inherent in the physics of flight provide high confidence that the derived plot has fairly good accuracy.
Thanks for information used to produce this flight path reproduction go to Neil Armstrong, Major General Robert M. White, Ret., and the NASA Dryden History Office. General White also flew as a chase pilot on this mission.
Where is that plane?!
That's the question we've all been asking since Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 mysteriously vanished after taking off on March 8.
Seeking answers, we've collectively turned to the Internet.
Twitter has turned into a near-constant stream of news, rumors, and theories, many tweeted with the hashtag #MH370. In fact, nearly four million tweets have been sent with #MH370 since March 8, according to Topsy.
On Reddit, users have set up a comprehensive thread on the r/news subreddit, where an ongoing post (here's part 14) dedicated to sharing the latest information remains "stickied" at the top of the page. As of March 16, it now has its own subreddit, too: r/MH370.
A Wikipedia page for the missing plane was established less than eight hours after the flight disappeared, and has grown from just 85 words to well over 4,000, and has been edited thousands of times.
And Tomnod, a digital mapmaking company's platform for crowdsourcing satellite imagery, 3 million volunteers are scouring 26,000km of satellite imagery, searching for signs of debris. The company is continually adding new imagery to search.
Beutler Ink, a PR agency that specializes in visual graphics, sent along the infographic below detailing the online search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370.
I'm taking an absolute beating on Pick 'Em this year. Before this week's slate of games, I was 16-for-43, including an incredible 1-for-9 last weekend.
But here's the thing: I was actually kind of cheating for the first five weeks of the season. I just picked all the home teams to win, and I'll give you two good reasons why. First, home teams have historically been a great bet in MLS, winning 50.7 percent last year and 51.8 percent in 2012. My buddy Devin Pleuler, who is part mathematician and part Vulcan, joked about creating an algorithm to pick games vs. the MLS experts.
After talking an inappropriate amount of smack, they admitted that it would probably just pick the home team to win every game.
My second rationale is this: early in the season, it's pretty impossible to tell who's "good" and who's just "ok." I can tell you who's really good and who's bad, but that leaves 17 other teams to figure out.
"Ok" can sometimes beat "good," provided there's a mental lapse or a bad call or a lucky deflection. And OK can tie the hell out of good even without that.
Then you can have Ok vs. Ok, or good vs. good, and you might as well just throw darts. Or -- better -- pick the home team to win.
Then you have the Philadelphia freaking Union, who occupy every single spot on the "really good" to "outright crap" spectrum.
Let's talk a bit about their 2-2 home draw against RSL:
1. The Union are very, very good
There are a few things that I look for when trying to figure out how strong a team is. The biggest one, for me, is "do they know how to get out of their own end and maintain possession?"
With a mostly new midfield playing a mostly new formation, the Union should struggle with this aspect of the game. Building from back-to-front like that requires cohesion, which is tough to find in a single offseason.
Teams like RSL and Sporting KC have it. And somehow, Philly do already as well.
Look at their first goal on Saturday. That's one of the best back-to-front builds of the season. Brian Carroll's coverage is perfect, and Sheanon Williams does well to first beat Luke Mullholland, then hit a dead-accurate third-line pass to Vincent Nogueira.
Nogueira, meanwhile, has understood that, because of Carroll's solid defensive position and RSL being just a touch reckless, there is space to be found if they drift to the flank.
And then, of course, there's the final ball. So pretty. And Andrew Wenger's finish is calm and precise.
But it wasn't just a "moment of brilliance" from Philly. It was a clockwork break that undressed a very good, very disciplined team.
2. The Union are very, very bad
So many things went wrong for Philly on the second RSL goal, Kyle Beckerman's opportunistic third-man run and finish.
First, Sebastian Velasquez gets past Maurice Edu too easily.
Second, Austin Berry -- who had a miserable day -- fails to clear, instead trying to cheekily sidefoot out of trouble and into a gaggle of waiting teammates. Instead they play it off of Javier Morales' shin, and that is why you don't screw around with the ball in your own 18 when Morales is right there.
Even at that point, however, the whole mess was salvageable. The Union would have had to scramble, but they can often scramble very well and had the benefit of playing in front of a hot 'keeper. Zac MacMath was stellar today.
Then the third thing went wrong:
Every team has mental lapses, brain farts, or just bad days. But the "good" and "very good" teams don't have the kind we're seeing from the Union week after week.
This isn't a tactics or talent thing. Edu should go to Brazil, Raymon Gaddis is one of the best defensive fullbacks in the league, and Leo Fernandes is front and center in the discussion for "Most Improved Player."
This is a responsibility thing. It happened to those three guys today, but in the weeks leading up to this it's happened to Berry and Nogueira and Carroll and Aaron Wheeler and Amobi Okugo and on and on and on. And we're only on MatchDay 6.
Right now, if I was asked to sum up the Union in two words, they'd be "mental lapse."
Somebody on Philly has to call a players-only meeting and say "we can give up goals, but we can't give up those kinds of goals. No more."
3. The Union are good
The thing that makes Sporting KC champions, and still the best defensive team in the league, is that when they're at their best they put their foot on your throat and never let you breathe. You will have precious little of the ball, and that's that.
Their dirty secret is that they're not particularly good at scrambling defensively. But it's a secret because they rarely put themselves into a position to have to scramble in the first place.
This is what Philly are aiming for, and what I think they have the pieces to achieve given enough time to marinate.
In the meantime, they will have to scramble, and have to recover defensively. Which they did nicely on this play in the first half:
MacMath deserves the credit for staying big (he's gotten so good at that), but Berry did an excellent job of cutting down Olmes Garcia's angle. It was basically "perfect shot or nothing" for the RSL forward.
Gaddis, meanwhile, gets back into position and continues their run, meaning he's the man on the spot to clear out the rebound.
The fact that they handled that break-out so adeptly makes their failure on Beckerman's goal that much more confusing. They are able to do "good," "really good", and "Oh my God did they forget they were actually playing soccer?" all during the same 90-minute span.
Philly fans should be frustrated, because nobody's left more points on the table than the Union thus far. And I'm frustrated, because I keep picking them to win and my percentage keeps sinking lower and lower and lower.
Will the mental lapses eventually stop? I think so -- I'm picking them to win again next week, and I still think they're going to be a playoff team.
But I also thought that about the San Jose Earthquakes last year. And their surfeit of early-season mental lapses ended up costing them a spot in the postseason.
If there's no happy November in Chester, remember the frustration of April and a really good team that had too many really bad moments.
Roger Richards
Top Fuel driver Larry Dixon would like to see the "dedicated to safety" return to the NHRA logo. They would also like a mandate from the NHRA to prevent future accidents like theirs from happening again.
Decorated NHRA Top Fuel driver Larry Dixon says it isn't a question of if, but when, will there be another dragster break apart at speed.
A little over 90 days after their Bob Vandergriff Racing dragster broke in half just shy of the eighth-mile, there are no definitive answers why the car with no signs of fatigue just came apart.
When Dixon's dragster broke in two, the driver's compartment soared as high as the scoreboards before crashing down to earth. Three weeks later, popular Australian driver Phil Lamattina experienced almost a carbon copy of the same unexplained accident. The difference; Dixon walked away with soreness while Lamattina suffered a severe back injury.
By the grace of God, Dixon understands their dragster landing on its Goodyear slicks cushioned what was measured (not estimated) as a 109g spike of gravitational force. They then slid into the retaining wall at another 45 g's. The force of Dixon leaving the starting line only measured 4g.
Dixon believes there is a reluctance of the sanctioning body to not rush into mandating a new front half design for the Top Fuel dragsters. At this stage of the game, three months after the fact, they believe the NHRA should feel safe from this kind of criticism.
“I understand [NHRA not wanting to make knee-jerk reaction] to a point," said Dixon. "I've also seen where we have lost lives and [NHRA] has made changes in a week. I feel fortunate that I didn't lose my life, and no one else lost their lives. I hope the proper areas are addressed before someone else gets hurt.”
NHRA's Glen Gray says NHRA and SFI chassis committee began looking into a front-end spec for the Top Fuel cars back in December. They point out the need to not rush to judgement on a new spec which could have unintended conssequences.
Asked if they had been more seriously injured did they believe there would be a different response, Dixon provided a to-the-point answer.
“Look at history,” Dixon said. “That'll tell you whether [NHRA] would or wouldn't.”
In the last decade, NHRA mandated changes after critical injury or death to the driver. NHRA made immediate changes to the driver's cockpit following Darrell Russell's fatal accident in 2004. Following Eric Medlen and Scott Kalitta deaths, NHRA implemented changes to the Funny Car chassis design and race track length. After John Force experienced a chassis failure and was critically injured the NHRA clarified the use of heat-treated tubing.
The Top Fuel front-half chassis design, outside of having the wheelbase extended to 300-inches, has largely remained the same for over four decades.
However, NHRA Director of Technical Operations Glen Gray said this doesn't mean improvements haven't been made to make the dragsters safer.
"A tremendous amount of work has been done by SFI and their chassis committee to improve the cockpit over the years," said Gray. "There have been many iterations to the Top Fuel Dragster chassis specification since its inception. The strength and safety of the cockpit area has been demonstrated recently with Antron Brown walking away from two severe accidents and Larry Dixon walking away from theirs in Gainesville this year. Also, eight years ago the SFI chassis committee did extensive research to improve the specification to the back-half of the car. Those changes have been successfully implemented into all cars in NHRA Drag Racing competition."
Gray confirmed the NHRA began a dialogue on the SFI's present Top Fuel front end back in December when the association was approached by teams seeking clarification on front end designs. In turn, Tim White (NHRA's Director of Engineering) asked SFI to have a Top Fuel chassis meeting at the PRI show to discuss tightening the specification.
“The request Tim made at that time was not made with any concerns about how the chassis were being built, but rather to not allow teams too much freedom in the design of their front-halves that could result in chassis issues,” Gray confirmed. “This meeting was held and suggestions were incorporated into a preliminary version of the specification but had not been finalized at the time of Larry Dixon's incident.
“Based on Larry Dixon's incident, the SFI committee was re-convened and additional changes to the specification were discussed.
Two different chassis builders - two very similar accidents. A new mandate could come in July following another NHRA/chassis committee meeting. The remnants of Larry Dixon's crash are loaded into the trailer.
The sanctioning body has been working in conjunction with a chassis builder committee as well as SFI to determine what can be done to make the dragsters safer.”
Because the current SFI specs allow "wiggle room" Dixon's crew chief Mike Guger said their team immediately began working on a fix until a better design was mandated.
“We couldn't, in good conscience, send our driver back out there without doing something,” Guger said. “Good, bad or indifferent, something had to be done before our drivers could drive one of these cars.
We never ran the car without the reinforcement and never will. We are waiting for the new spec to come forward.”
Top Fuel team owner Bill Miller used the leeway in the current SFI Top Fuel specs to build what they feel is a safer dragster up front.
Miller, who bought their chassis equipment from highly regarded chassis builder Don Long when they retired, believes adding a slip-tube configuration to their upper and lower frame rails goes a long way toward making their driver, Troy Buff, safer than with the current spec.
Top Fuel team owner Bill Miller used the leeway in the current SFI Top Fuel specs to build what they feel is a safer dragster up front. Miller, who bought their chassis equipment from highly regarded chassis builder Don Long when they retired, believes adding a slip-tube configuration to their upper and lower frame rails goes a long way toward making their driver, Troy Buff, safer than with the current spec.
“You simply do not want the tubing flexing in and out,” said Miller. “You want the tubing to flex up and down. With no control over it other than the single tie bar to tie the two frame rails together, it's going to bow out. It's going to do what is called guppying. It fatigues right at the joint. Our car has slip-joints in it to allow everything to move when it needs to move. Those slip joints will move as much as three-quarters of an inch. This tells you if you don't let it move, they will put so much strain on the joints and lead them to fracture or split.
“I can't speak to the wall thickness on the cars which broke, mine is .065, as opposed to .049 or .058, whether that's a player or not, I cannot say. I do know if I have an inch-and-a-half .095, which is what the roll cage is built out of, that if I put a piece of .065 in front of the driver's compartment, I know which is going to break first.”
Dixon's car didn't have the slip tube design but crew chief Guger confirms a new dragster coming from the DSR chassis shop will be equipped with a slip tube design on the new car. Lamattina's car was equipped with a slip-tube design but only on the lower rail.
A lot of the stress on the dragster chassis can be attributed to the way cars are run to the 1,000-foot as opposed to 1320.
Workmanship was ruled out early as a cause in the Lamattina crash.
Officials of the Australian Drag Racing Association impounded the Lamattina dragster and have been in communication with the NHRA and chassis committee on solving the issue.
Murf McKinney, who built the Lamattina car, wouldn't say this was a knock on the shorter racing distance; just the reality teams are more aggressive early in their runs as opposed to what they did when a quarter-mile run was the norm.
Popular Aussie Top Fuel driver Phil Lamattina was injured in this accident similar to Dixon's. Following the accident, Australian National Drag Racing Association officials began dialogue with NHRA by impounding the car and comparing notes and data. Reportedly, the car is being shipped to the United States. (Dragphotos.com.au)
“I think that the cars are going quicker sooner on the track, so they have the aerodynamic loads on them happen earlier on the race track and for a longer amount of time than what they used to be,” said McKinney. “I think we have exhausted our margin for safety that we had on the front half of the car.”
McKinney, who owns McKinney Corporation, a chassis builder of nitro-burning cars, opened their business in 1981 and confirmed to their knowledge there hasn't been a change in the SFI spec for the front end design of the dragsters since they started.
“If we were allowed to put have sort of suspension on these front, it would immediately reduce the stress on the front-half of the cars,” said McKinney. “Right now, we depend on the chassis to be the suspension to do all the work. The old front engine cars used to have torsion bars on them. You had the opportunity to get the car to respond at varying rates. Today, all we have is the tubing.”
The current situation leaves Dixon with the feeling there's no assurance this unexplained failure won't rear its ugly head the next time they strap into their dragster.
“I saw it somewhere, whether on the wing of a Top Fuel car or a t-shirt, ‘if you don't fix your mistakes you are condemned to repeat them,” Dixon said.
McKinney, who is part of the chassis committee challenged to find an answer and solution, echoes Dixon's concerns this unexplained chassis failure is waiting to rear its head again. The chassis builder only has one voice in the process.
Crash box data readings show Dixon's crash impacted their landing with a 109 g spike. They struck the wall at another 45 g's. They left the starting line at "only" 4 g's.
“I told [the committee] after Dixon's crash, it was going to happen again,” McKinney said. “It's my opinion, in the spec we have, we have two options – either a double k-member in the floor or the running diagonals. We used to think we could do one or the other because they did the same thing. After Dixon's accident, Todd our engineer spent two days trying to duplicate the accident on their computer. We came away from that, after two days, feeling they don't do the same thing, they do two different things and we should run both of them. I brought that to the committee and it didn't go anywhere.”
McKinney said they took their revelations to their customers following the Lamattina accident and all have since upgraded their cars. Of their 13 customers they said their company either sent over a kit or they onstalled the changes at their shop.
The chassis committee met again on June 25, 2015 with the group convening for more investigation on column buckling and bay links and what effects different tubing has on these. The next meeting, set tentatively for three weeks from now, is expected to result in a resolution. A source close to the situation said most questions were answered, but a few remain unanswered at this time.
"The SFI chassis committee had another meeting yesterday to not only review the results of an investigation into Larry Dixon's incident but also to discuss the recent incident in Australia," explained Gray. "Based on the data presented some additional research is being done with a target date of July 16th to reconvene the committee. It is important to allow the committee to do the proper research and get to the root cause of the two recent incidents such that the proper changes to the front-half, if needed, are implemented.
"Much research and effort was put into the specifications for the cockpit and the back-half and the results of that hard work has proved to be successful. That same process needs to be followed here to ensure that the correct changes are made. Hasty decisions made without the proper data or research by the committee could result in creating other unintended issues. Everyone involved understands the need to move as quickly as possible to resolve this issue. I feel very positive about the work being done by SFI's Chassis Committee and confident that they will make the correct decisions."
In the meantime, with races at Norwalk and Chicago to be run before the committee meets again, the clock ticks as there appears to be more of a sense of importance to fix the issue without a shadow of a doubt over the potential of another accident happening.
This is of little consolation to Dixon, who believes the NHRA executives needed to quickly take control of the situation, instead of a committee.
“It sounds like those in the know have the definitive answer for it; it's just a matter of having the sanctioning body step up like they did with the back half of our cars like we did with Cory's [McClenathan] wreck, and then, after Eric Medlen and John Force's bad wrecks in Funny Car,” Dixon said. “We need [NHRA] to step up and mandate a rule to make the cars safer. Nobody's going to do this on their own because they might give up some performance. If there's a rule, then everyone has to have it. Then it's a level playing field. That's what we really need from our sanctioning body.”
Dixon and the other Top Fuel drivers await the NHRA to fill the need.
A Florida woman who believed they were about to get fired has been accused of deleting $2.5m worth of computer files to seek revenge on their employer.
Jacksonville Sheriff's officials say Marie Lupe Cooley, 41, used their own account credentials to access the server of Steven E. Hutchins Architects and delete seven years' worth of drawings. The firm's alarm company said someone entered the premises at 11 p.m. on Sunday and was there for about four hours.
Cooley went on their silent rampage after finding a help-wanted ad placed by their boss. It described an open administrative assistant position that sounded remarkably similar to hers.
The rogue employee "decided to go and mess up everything for everybody," a spokesperson for the sheriff's office told FirstCoast News here. "She decided to be spiteful and go in and sabotage the records. And they did a very good job of that."
Firm owner Steven Hutchins said they were able to recover the files. "It was not a sensationalistic amount of money," they told El Reg, referring to the fee they paid a consultant to dredge up the discarded architectural drawings. They declined to say if they had stored backups of the files, which were valued at $2.5m.
Cooley was charged with damage in excess of $1,000 to computers and was released on bail.
As it turned out, the help-wanted ad listed a position available in the office of Hutchins's wife. Cooley's job was never under threat, though it probably is now. ®
From December 6 through December 14, 2016, the New York Times published four major articles on Philippine Pres. Rodrigo Duterte's brutal extrajudicial killings of drug suspects, now averaging about 44 killed a day. In “They are slaughtering us!” (December 7, 2016), New York Times' news photographer Daniel Berehulak expressed shock at the scale of the killings, showing stark photos of 57 murder victims at 41 sites in the 35 days they spent in Manila.
“I witnessed bloody scenes just about everywhere imaginable — on the sidewalk, on train tracks, in front of a girls' school, outside 7-Eleven stores and a McDonald's restaurant, across bedroom mattresses and living-room sofas. I watched as a woman in red peeked at one of those grisly sites through fingers held over their eyes, at once trying to protect themselves and permit themselves one last glance at a man killed in the middle of a busy road.,” Berehulak wrote.
ADVERTISEMENT
“I have worked in 60 countries, covered wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, and spent much of 2014 living inside West Africa's Ebola zone, a place gripped by fear and death. What I experienced in the Philippines felt like a new level of ruthlessness: police officers' summarily shooting anyone suspected of dealing or even using drugs, vigilantes' taking seriously Mr. Duterte's call to “slaughter them all,” the news photographer added.
Duterte said in October, “You can expect 20,000 or 30,000 more.”
Duterte used to do it personally
In the most recent article on the subject the New York Times' Russell Goldman reported that Duterte personally boasted to business leaders in Manila on December 13 that “as mayor of Davao, they had patrolled the city's streets by motorcycle looking for suspected criminals to kill.”
“In Davao, I used to do it personally — just to show to the guys that if I can do it, why can't you?” Duterte said. Goldman wrote that “Mr. Duterte told business leaders at a meeting in Manila, explaining how they goaded police officers to gun down suspects.
“And I'd go around in Davao with a motorcycle, with a big bike around, and I would just patrol the streets, looking for trouble also,” they said, “I was really looking for a confrontation, so I could kill.”
It will be recalled that just before assuming the presidency on June 30, 2016, Duterte announced at a victory rally in Davao City, which was televised nationally, that Filipinos should take it upon themselves to kill those involved with drugs. (“Kill drug dealers and I'll give you a medal, says Philippines president”, The Guardian, June 5, 2016).
“Please feel free to call us, the police, or do it yourself if you have the gun,” they said, offering a reward to anyone who complied. Duterte has also assured police and the military that they will take responsibility for extrajudicial killings and protect anyone who assassinates suspects from being held criminally responsible.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Among the estimated millions of readers of the New York Times, which include those who read the Times' syndicated articles in local newspapers, are employees of the US Department of Homeland Security (DHS) who are tasked with enforcing US immigration laws.
These DHS officials may now inquire of Filipinos visiting the US as tourists or even those applying for permanent residence or for naturalization if they approve of Duterte's extrajudicial killings as part of their war against drugs and if they were involved in or participated in “any way in the killings.”
Extrajudicial killings may not be prosecuted in the Philippines under Duterte – as proven by the jail cell cold-blooded execution of Leyte Mayor Rolando Espinosa by 24 police officers on November 3 — but they are crimes in the United States and supporting their practice in the Philippines may have severe consequences for Duterte's supporters in the United States.
Anti-Atrocity Alien Deportation Act
U.S. Immigration and Nationality Act Section 212 lists the “classes of aliens ineligible to receive visas and ineligible for admission” to the United States. Included under subsection E are “participants in Nazi persecutions, genocide or the commission of any act of torture or extrajudicial killing.”
Under this subsection E is: “iii) COMMISSION OF ACTS OF TORTURE OR EXTRAJUDICIAL KILLINGS- Any alien who, outside the United States, has committed, ordered, incited, assisted, or otherwise participated in the commission of– (I) any act of torture, as defined in section 2340 of title 18, United States Code; or (II) under color of law of any foreign nation, any extrajudicial killing, as defined in section 3(a) of the Torture Victim Protection Act of 1991 (28 U.S.C. 1350 note), is inadmissible.”
This new and expanded definition of “extrajudicial killing” became law in 2004 under Title XII Anti-Atrocity Alien Deportation Act of 2004.
As reported in the Congressional Record of deliberations on this new law, “subsection (a) would add a new clause to Section 8 USC Sec. 1182(a)(3)(E) that would trigger operation of the inadmissibility ground if an alien has “committed, ordered, incited, assisted or otherwise participated in “acts of torture…or extrajudicial killings as defined in the Torture Victim Protection Act.”
“Extrajudicial killing,” as defined by the Torture Victim Protection Act of 1991, “means a deliberate killing without previous judgment pronounced by a regularly constituted court affording all the judicial guarantees which are recognized as indispensable by civilized peoples.”
Filipinos in the Philippines who apply online for a tourist visa will be asked on Form DS-160 will be asked if they have ever “committed, ordered, incited, assisted or otherwise participated in “acts of torture…or extrajudicial killings as defined in the Torture Victim Protection Act.” If they truthfully answered that they “assisted” Duterte by enthusiastically supporting their killings, their tourist visa application will likely be rejected.
If they somehow make it to the US, and they divorce their spouse in Las Vegas, and then marry a US citizen who petitions them for a green card, they will have to fill out Form I-485, their Application for Adjustment of Status to the United States. “Part 3 Processing Information” asks on #14 “Have you EVER ordered, incited, called for, committed, helped with, or otherwise do any of the following: a. Acts involving torture or genocide? b. Killing any person?…”
“Helped with” is quite broad and may include enthusiastically endorsing and cheering Duterte's policy of extrajudicial killings in their war against drugs.
If these pro-Duterte Filipinos somehow acquire their green cards by lying about their support for Duterte's EJK and they then apply for naturalization as a US citizen, they will have to fill out Form N-400. In it on Part 12 #14, they will be asked: “Were you EVER involved in any way with any of the following: A. Genocide? B. Torture? Killing or trying to kill someone?…”
“Any way” is quite broad and it can certainly be argued that endorsing/cheering Duterte's “slaughter” of innocents (they are all innocent because they were never even charged with a crime much less convicted of a crime) is a “way” of being involved in the extrajudicial killings of Duterte.
Like Hitler's supporters in the US
After Adolf Hitler rose to power in Germany, German-Americans formed the German American Bund in July 1933 to organize support for Hitler from Germans living in the US. The US Department of Justice estimated that there were 8,000 members in the Bund, although they may have actually started with as many as 25,000. It was later discovered that the Nazis had a mailing list of 250,000 German Americans with relatives still in Germany, and a master file of over eight million German American names.
Duterte support groups in the US include Diehard Duterte Supporters (DDS), which is notable because their initials match that of the dreaded Davao Death Squad (DDS) which was responsible for the murders of more than 1500 drug suspects in Davao during Duterte's 20 year term as city mayor.
The same Title XII Anti-Atrocity Alien Deportation Act of 2004 may also bar Pres. Duterte from visiting the United States. This same law prevented Afghanistan's First Vice President Abdul Rashid Dostum from being issued a visa to visit the US in April 2016. This denial was based on what Dostum did in 2001 while fighting the Taliban alongside the US Special Forces. Dostum was accused of intentionally suffocating 2,000 Taliban prisoners in container trucks in the incident known as the Dasht-i-Leili massacre.
To prevent Dostum's public humiliation, the US State Department message was quietly passed on to the Afghan government to inform Dostum that they would not be welcome in the US.
In Rappler's December 19, 2016 issue presented the results of the latest Social Weather Stations (SWS) survey, first published on BusinessWorld, which found that 78% of its respondents were worried they could be the next victims (45% “very worried,” 33% “somewhat worried”).
While surveys show that many Filipinos still support President Rodrigo Duterte's war on illegal drugs, the SWS survey showed that “most of them also fear that they, or someone they know, will be victims of extrajudicial killings.”
These are the latest statistics compiled by the Philippine National Police since Duterte became president:
6,173 – total number of people killed since July 1, 2016
2,124 – suspected drug personalities killed in police operations, as of December 18
4,049 – victims of extrajudicial or vigilante-style killings, as of December 15
Perhaps the time has come for Duterte's EJK supporters in the US to also be “very worried” or even “somewhat worried” that their enthusiastic backing of Duterte may have unintended dire immigration consequences for them in the United States.
Feast Of The Holy Innocents
On December 28, Catholics all over the world will celebrate the Feast of the Holy Innocents. Read Matthew 2:16-18: “When Herod realized that they had been outwitted by the Magi, they were furious, and they gave orders to kill all the boys in Bethlehem and its vicinity who were two years old or under, in accordance with the time they had learned from the Magi. Then what was said through the prophet Jeremiah was fulfilled: “A voice is heard in Ramah, weeping and great mourning, Rachel weeping for their children and refusing to be comforted, because they are no more.”
The families of the EJK victims are weeping and in great mourning this Christmas. Pray for them.
(Send comments to Rodel50@gmail.com or mail them to the Law Offices of Rodel Rodis at 2429 Ocean Avenue, San Francisco, CA 94127).
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
With thanks to our friend and colleague Geinou of RacingBlog.de, who covered this weekend's Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters (DTM) final round and Autobacs Super GT Series Show Run at the Hockenheimring in Badem-Württemberg, Germany, here is the transscript of Sunday morning's joint press conference by ITR president Gerhard Berger, and GTA chairperson Masaaki Bandoh.
We are very honoured and pleased to have Mr. Masaaki Bandoh, the chairperson of GTA, the organizing body of Super GT in Japan, here today. We also want to welcome Mr. Gerhard Berger, the chairperson of ITR. Mr. Bandoh, I would like to give you the first word.
MB: My name is Masaaki Bandoh, and I am the chairperson of the GT Association (GTA). First I'd like to express my gratitude for joining in front of all of you for this press conference. Today we will see another race here at Hockenheim. But already, at this point I would like to congratulate the DTM on a very successful 2017 season in which the ITR could excite and fascinate a lot of fans up to this final race with great drivers, great teams, and great race management.
The collaboration of Super GT and DTM started with a meeting when we met with the management of ITR at the final race of the Super GT season in 2009. Today, this collaboration reached a historic milestone. Our best Super GT cars were running here on the Hockenheimring at an official DTM race. October 14, 2017 markes the start of a new era of German and Japanese motorsports, and will go down in the history of both countries. The demonstration run was made possible because of the strong support of all of you, because of the support of the DTM racing teams, and also because of the ITR. I would like to express my gratitude to everybody who was involved, starting from the transport of the cars here to Hockenheim, and also supporting us through the run.
As the Class One regulation is about to be completed, our collaboration will also go further into even more solid structures. With this weekend's demonstration runs, I think our collaboration will further intensify, and I'm very convinced of the success of this work and I am also looking forward to the outcomes. In November, we will have our final race at Twin Ring Motegi, and I'm very much looking forward and can't wait to welcome the DTM cars there to our race. Thank you.
Gerhard Berger, what were you thinking when you saw the Japanese cars on the track for the first time? What were your emotions at the time?
GB: First of all, I want to once again welcome Mr. Bandoh. I am very, very happy of what we achieved this weekend – by working together to bring this collaborative effort for our fans. Bandoh-san has already explained about the history of our efforts, and they know much more about it because I have only been in this position for less than a year.
We met for the first time during the first race of the season at Hockenheim. Unfortunately, at that time I couldn't answer a lot of their questions, and I didn't have many strong feelings at the time, because I was still new to the job and did not know how important this collaboration would be for the future. Some of you already know me from my time working for the manufacturers, that I was always explaining how important it is for us, and for the FIA, and for motorsport as a whole, to have unity in regulations worldwide, otherwise the costs for us to participate would increase due to the costs of development.
Over the last few months, I took a closer look into this, and I understood that there is already a fantastic collaboration going on with Japan, with their manufacturers and with Bandoh-san. For me, it became clear that this is something that the ITR must support, that we must push further to achieve a unified set of regulations in Japan and Europe, in order to produce a motor racing together without increasing the costs for the manufacturers by two or three times. And it gives us the chance to have many more manufacturers joining us in the future. I'm sure if we keep going this way, that other manufacturers from all around the world, including America, will join in and become a part of this programme.
There is still quite a long way to go. This weekend we had Super GT cars at a DTM race meeting for the first time. It will also go both ways: We are very happy to be invited to come to Motegi, Japan, in three weeks. Our manufacturers will go there to demonstrate our cars. I think it is going to be a positive step not only in Europe, but also in Japan and the rest of Asia.
As you know, we will modify our regulations for 2019 to conform with the Class One regulations. We will implement the two litre, four-cylinder, roughly 600 horsepower strong turbocharged engines, just like our friends in Japan are already running. Their cars were really quick down the straightaway. It shows us that we can improve our own lap times – these engines will have 100 more horsepower than our current engines. We are going to make our spectacular series even better.
On the other side, we have a fantastic balance system where we are going to work with our manufacturers to decrease the costs of the series and bring the manufacturers closer together. As we discussed yesterday, Super GT may also follow us in this direction. We are going to work on developing our engines, while they are going to work on developing their aero and chassis. I think that by either 2019 or 2020 at the latest that we will finally have cars from both series on the same track, with the goal of racing together on different circuits around the world, both in Europe and Japan.
Taking a look at the cars from Japan, what is your opinion on them?
GB: Well, as a racing driver, I never like it when our rivals are faster than we are (laughs). So I think we have some work to do.
What do you think about the sound of the GT500 cars?
GB: I actually like the turbo sound a lot. It was something we all looked forward to, hearing the difference in sound compared to our current V8 engines. For me, it was just like it was in the old days. Turbocharged cars have a very special sound.
Mr. Bandoh, what were your thoughts when you saw the three DTM cars together with the Super GT cars for the first time?
MB: First of all, I have to tell yo that we are very happy that we finally managed to make this possible. I was also happy, and lost my breath when I saw the five cars running together. We brought over two very strong cars from GT500 and it was a great experience for me.
What is the reason for this guest appearance?
MB: Since 2014, we have been working on this collaboration for a long time, deep down towards the details of the regulations that we are about to finalize. As Mr. Berger said, we have to show that we are in an intense collaboration. We thought that, even if we have to take a lot of small steps and have many discussions and talks, that we must show some real and hands-on results. I think that this was a very meaningful step to bring over our cars and present them here this weekend.
Regarding the regulations, who is the driving force of these so-called “Class One” regulations?
GB: I do not believe that there is one person that is behind these regulations. I just know that for many, many yeaers, that the ITR did a great job together with the manufacturers in Germany to develop our regulations and a unified parts system. It's something that could not be possible in other forms of motorsport like Formula One, because you would run out of budget due to high development costs, and you would not get the right return on investment. It's always a difficult exercise to find the right balance. For this reason, many years ago, the German manufacturers and the ITR determined that standard regulations and certain common parts of the car would help bring the costs down and make the racing better – that it would be the right thing to do on our end.
I think that they did a great job. I think they put a lot of money and effort into it. And I think that Super GT also understood that this was the right direction. For this reason we did come to an agreement, moving towards the same direction and developing our regulations step-by-step. So I would say that this Class One system, these regulations, were born in Germany, and in collaboration with our partners in Japan, we will try and convince those around the world to follow our lead.
Final question regarding the future: Can you say or predict when the first Japanese car will be racing in DTM, or when the first German car will be running in Super GT (in GT500)?
GB: No, I cannot tell you. But I can tell you one thing: I know how competitive the world of motorsport is, and I know how competitive the manufacturers are. These have been two very friendly days on the race track. But everybody on each side is already thinking about how they can defeat the others (laughs). So I believe that the process has already started.
Crop budgets for 2016 have been revised. Primarily because of lower corn and soybean prices, the revised budgets have lower operator and land returns than those released in June 2015 budgets. The complete set includes budgets for corn, soybeans, wheat, and double-crop soybeans grown in northern, central, and southern Illinois. These are available on farmdoc.
Revised 2016 Crop Budgets
Table 1 compares budgets released in June 2015 to those revised in September 2015. These budgets are for high-productivity farmland in central Illinois. Several notes on changes:
Corn price is revised down from $4.20 in the June budgets to $3.90 per bushel in September budgets.
Soybean price is revised down from $10.00 per bushel in June budgets to $8.85 per bushel in September budgets.
ARC payments are increased from $20 per acre in the June budgets to $30 per acre in the September budgets.
Fertilizer costs for corn are lowered from $148 per acre to $130 per acre. Fertilizer costs for soybeans have been lowered from $45 per acre to $35 per acre.
Seed costs for corn are lowered from $124 per acre in the June budgets to $122 per acre in the September budgets.
Fuel and oil costs for corn are lowered from $20 per acre in June budgets to $17 per acre in September budgets. Soybeans fuel costs are lowered from $18 per acre to $17 per acre.
Machinery depreciation for corn is lowered from $69 per acre in June budgets to $64 per acre in September budgets. Soybean depreciation are lowered from $63 per acre to $59 per acre.
Both revenue and total non-land costs are lower in the September 2015 budget. Revenue for corn is projected at $814 per acre in September, down from $864 per acre in June. Total non-land costs for corn are projected at $558 per acre in September, down $28 per acre lower than the June estimate of $586 per acre.
In the September budgets, operator and land returns are projected at $256 per acre for corn and $195 per acre for soybeans. A rotation containing 50% corn and 50% soybean has projected operator and land return of $226 per acre, implying that cash rents should be below $226 per acre for the farmer to have a positive return. The alternative is to cut non-land costs in some other areas (see farmdoc daily September 1, 2015 for more detail).
Commentary
Commodity price outlook for 2016 has turned more pessimistic during the summer. The $3.90 corn price and $8.85 soybean price used in the revised budgets are based on current prices on 2016 futures contract and current forward bids for 2016 grain delivery. Generally, corn prices below $4.00 will cause losses given the current non-land costs and average cash rents. Similarly, soybean prices below $9.00 will lead to losses.
Cash rent renewal session is very much underway. If cash rents need to be set now, use of these lower prices in the revised budgets is warranted. If these price projections come to fruition, 2016 would be the third year with below $4.00 corn prices. Most farmers sold 2014 production at below $4.00 corn prices. Current projections suggest that 2015 will be sold below $4.00. Therefore, a continuation of below $4.00 into 2016 would be the third year. This then implies 2016 would be the third year of losses if costs are not lowered.
Of course, prices can change dramatically. Perhaps commodity price outlook will brighten. Waiting till early 2016 to set cash rent may provide more certainty on prices, and perhaps prices could be higher. At the end of February, moreover, farmers will be able to set minimum guarantees using crop insurance. Of course, waiting to set 2016 cash rents until 2015 implicitly implies the farmer will continue to farm the land so that fall fieldwork and 2016 input purchases can occur. If the decision is to wait, reaching an understanding of cash rent given different $3.90 corn price and $8.85 soybean price would be useful. Another alternative relative to waiting to set cash rent is to use a variable cash lease (farmdoc daily September 9, 2015).
Portraiture, lifestyle, street, and travel photography – these are some of the genres that feature people as main subject. For some, these are enjoyable activities, being able to interact and communicate with people. Including a human element in photographs can bring a bit more life into their art. For others, it can be a disastrous nightmare, perhaps. The idea of talking with someone they don't know very well, or being confronted by strangers they're trying to photograph can be a bit too daunting.
Confidence is, therefore, necessary when photographing people. But, to be confident is a skill in itself and being good at it doesn't happen overnight.
The silliest advice I've ever received to help me with that is – don't be shy. It's probably the worst advice one can ever give someone that has little or no confidence in facing other people. It didn't work on me. I am no psychologist but since it didn't work on me, I don't suggest it to others either. So yes, I was shy. In fact, I still am. But the times I've spent taking photos of people are the most pleasurable moments I've had in my own photography journey. Although there are still times when I feel something holding me back from taking a stranger's photograph, the possibilities of what I can create makes me feel a little bit more courageous.
Roman artist: Fausto Delle Chiaie by José Manuel Ríos Valiente, on Flickr
Eventually being able to come up to anyone and ask them for their portraits, or not be intimidated by people who refuse has been a skill that has taken time for me to develop. Here are some of the things that helped me find confidence to photograph people. Hopefully, it inspires you to be able to do the same.
1. Act The Way Confident People Act
Asking someone not to be shy will leave that person clueless as to what to do. It doesn't give any idea about what steps they or they can take to accomplish not being shy. But acting the way confident people act is a different story. Can you picture how confident people act? Start with the gestures, with the way you look, how you stand and how you walk. Stand upright. If you're used to looking down all the time when you walk, start look up. Even if you're not used to it, start smiling at people you know. Later, smile at people you don't know. These gestures can be practiced and over time, it becomes a habit. Remember, practice makes permanent. Soon enough you will feel a little more confident than before.
How Not to Shoot Thor's Well by Zach Dischner, on Flickr
2. Feel Competent
One fool-proof way to make you feel more confident is you make yourself feel competent. Someone who lacks confidence will feel a little more at ease when they feel they have the skills to do a task. Old houses, landscapes, and inanimate objects were my first subjects. This helped me become technically competent with the camera and other fundamental photography skills. Later on, I started to research on portrait photography, posing, and how to use light on people. Afterwards, I asked friends to become my subjects. This worked for me since I felt I already knew what I was doing and I was quite comfortable taking photos of my friends. This is actually the next tip.
3. Start With Subjects That Don't Intimidate You
The worst thing that could ever happen to a shy photographer is jump in the freezing waters of talking with strangers. Although some think this is a good idea, I think it can go both ways as it can be a good way to start with people photography or it can even be an experience that would make you never want to do it again.
kids and 50mm 1.2 by Pawel Loj, on Flickr
It's best to start with your friends, family, and people you trust. Babies and kids are even better since you won't feel intimidated by them. Ask them to pose for you. Make it clear to them that you're practicing doing portraiture. Setting their expectations will help you breathe a bit since they will know they are just your guinea pigs. This is the perfect opportunity to practice what you've been researching. If you want candid shots, tell them what you plan to do so they can support your endeavor. From there, you can experiment on how to direct poses and make subjects feel confident because you yourself are comfortable with them.
4. Shoot With Groups
While you can go right ahead and shoot on your own, an option that really helped me out and perhaps will be good for others to do is to shoot with a group. Gather a couple of your friends for a photo-shoot, join your camera-club when they organize a trip, or sign up for a photo walk in your area. Taking a class is also good since it gives you a bit more confidence to take photos since everyone is learning together. Shooting with others will give you a boost of courage and you can even take photos of each other for additional practice.
This is a Photowalk by liz west, on Flickr
5. Always Build Trust
A fair level of trust between the subject and photographer is needed in every kind of people photography. The foundation of great posed portraits is trust. That is why it is best to start with people you know. They are comfortable with you because they know you and trust you. But even candid shots work this way. When strangers feel they could somehow trust you, they too become relaxed and confident in your presence. Strangers don't like suspicious looking people taking their photos. They need to be able to feel safe before you can shoot with ease. That is why tip number 1 works, because acting confident seems to make one look more trustworthy.
I'm not a fan of concealing myself to photograph candid moments. Hiding does work at times, but it also makes you look like a spy with an evil scheme. But seriously, this can make people feel uncomfortable once seen. Personally, I find that being out in the open and just taking photos of everything is more effective than hiding. To reiterate, people feel safer when you don't look suspicious.
Photowalk Vienna by Luca Sartoni, on Flickr
6. Make Subjects Feel Good About Themselves
There are different levels of shyness. I know this because I meet a lot of people. Some are still able to talk with strangers but is too shy to ask for a pose. If this is you, use your ability to talk with others to your advantage. You may still be shy in asking strangers to be your subject, but being able to converse with them is indeed a great opportunity. To do this, you need to learn the art of listening. When you meet a stranger, don't do the talking. Instead, do the asking. Sure, it's important to break the ice, but you can make them feel good about themselves by letting them talk about themselves. This is initiated by you asking questions. When they engage you in a conversation, answer briefly and start asking questions. Listen well so you can make followup questions which will make them talk more. This is another way of building trust, because people like people who listen. When you find an opportunity, hint that it would be awesome if you could take their portrait. The probably of that happening is very high.
img_0002 by Dheera Venkatraman, on Flickr
7. Focus on the Positive and Prepare for the Negative
People who lack confidence to photograph people usually dwell on two questions – what if they don't like to be photographed, and what if they get angry if I did?
Asking these what if questions will only prevent you from stepping in with courage. Instead, ask yourself these questions: What If I were not shy just for just 15 minutes, what kind of photos can I create? What if that stranger says yes, what opportunity would that give me? What if they want me to take more photos? What if they invite others for some more shots. Focusing on positive questions will make you feel a bit more confident because now you're focused on the end result. It is still possible though that the negative what-ifs can happen. Being prepared for it will really help. I always have two scripts ready if ever I get confronted. This rarely happens but I make sure to have a memorized answer – “I'm studying photography. I'm just learning how to take photos of people”. You can even add “Would you want a portrait? I'm still studying but you might like it?”. The other one is “Sorry, I'll just delete it”. Feel free to use the same script.
walking through snowy white fields by Olivia Harmon, on Flickr
Here's an activity you can try. Take your camera and your longest lens for a walk. Pick a spot where there are some people not minding each other – a park is a perfect place. If you want to feel a little more confident, bring someone with you – your spouse, a friend, your grandson, or even your pet. Prepare your camera settings and do some test shots. When you see someone you feel you're not intimidated with, take a photo of that person at a distance. When they see you doing this, smile at them and raise and shake your camera a bit – sort of like saying hello with your camera. If they smile back, then continue shooting. When they don't, they'll probably just move on without minding you. If they confront you, just use the scripts I use. It works all the time in my experience.
As a final note, let me just say that digital photography has become very popular that people are becoming used to strangers carrying cameras all the time. The tolerance for people taking photos in public has increased and this gives us more confidence to take our own cameras out for some people photography. And when you do, you might even find others doing the same thing as you. Happy shooting!
I wish I knew the amazing redditor who sent me this incredible gift. I don't think I actually wrote anything anywhere on my profile of my love for Calvin and Hobbes and I only ever told my best friend how much I even wanted a C/H inspired tattoo! Apart from the delivery guy dropping the box at my feet instead of passing it over to me.. which was weird.. I am completely floored by this gift.
My heart instantly burst when I opened the box to find the entire Calvin + Hobbes Collection! I grew up reading this comic and it was such a great companion to have as a child-now-man and I can't stop smiling. This is definitely a wonderful addition to my ever growing library.
Who ever you are, thank you. You've truly given such an honest and wonderful gift.
Why James Franco Stays So Busy: 'A lot of people are unnecessarily slow. It drives me crazy.'
It's no secret that James Franco doesn't just act these days. Fewer people may realize that in recent years, during a spate of creative activity that also includes directing movies, assembling art installations, writing fiction and working on a number of university degrees, they have maintained a consistent set of interests. Case in point: “Child of God,” their adaptation of the 1973 Cormac McCarthy novel opening this week, marks the most recent of several directing efforts in which Franco wrestles with the process of adapting novels into films. Earlier this year saw the release of “As I Lay Dying,” their William Faulkner adaptation; another Faulkner adaptation, “The Sound and Fury,” hits the festival circuit this fall. They have also directed movies about writers Charles Bukowski and Hart Crane. But “Child of God” provides the latest indication that Franco's recurring interest in adaptations has a genuine direction.
READ MORE: Watch: James Franco Reloads Rifles in Cormac McCarthy Adaptation ‘Child of God'
In the movie, Scott Haze stars as the maniacal Lester Ballard, a psychologically damaged man cast into the woods after their father's suicide who eventually turns to necrophilia to satisfy their urges. Though Ballard is a frightening, decrepit screen presence, Franco's unorthodox narrative magnifies the character's solitude, questioning whether underneath their misdeeds they may deserve some modicum of sympathy. Since “Child of God” played at film festivals last fall, Franco has naturally gone on to complete a lot of projects, including a stint on Broadway for “Of Mice and Men” and the upcoming Seth Rogen comedy “The Interview.”
But with “Child of God” opening in New York and Los Angeles this week, the actor sat down with Indiewire in New York to discuss their intentions with the movie and how it fits with the rest of their work.
You seem busy as usual.
I'm doing great. We just filmed “Of Mice and Men” at the National Theater last night.
Was that the last time you'll do the play?
The last time. Though we might take it to London, which would be fun, next year. Everybody had such a great time and it's such a great piece to do, so everyone's just feeling like, “ah, it's not enough.”
There are some interesting parallels between “Of Mice and Men” and “Child of God.”
Tell me. What do you see?
There's a Lenny-like quality to Lester Ballard, the main character in the movie.
I like that. Scott [Haze] made an interesting parallel as well. We were wondering, “What was Lester like when they were young?” There's this scene in “Forrest Gump” where everyone on the bus is like, “You can't sit here, this seat's taken.” The problem is that Lester's got that experience as well, where everyone's like, “That dude's weird.” One of the guiding motivations for me in this movie was that Lester is somebody who wants what we all want: They want to connect to another person, to love and be loved. Now, I brought that up with Cormac [McCarthy]. I've only talked to them on the phone, but I brought that up. Cormac's never really gives you straight answers about their work. They were like, “Nah, I don't know, James. I just know there are people like that in our world all around us.” OK, fine, so Lester's a psycho killer.
But I don't want to make a movie about a monster. I want it to talk about something else, just like Humbert Humbert [from “Lolita”], who's a monster and tells us within that fictional framework — even though they love young girls — their passion. If you just put somebody else in the place of Lolita, it's human love. Yes, the object of their love is something that we don't condone, but the actual feelings are something very human that we all feel. That's how I felt about Lester. Here is somebody who's very human. It's just that their situation is set up in a way, like Lenny, where they chafe with civilized society. They can't get what they need in civilized society because their exterior — who they are — prevents them from doing that.
This is obviously a project that you can't do at a studio — it actively challenges the idea of an easy viewing experience. But you've done plenty of studio movies as an actor. So how do you feel about the contrast between working within the system and outside of it?
For me, because getting these kinds of movies done are so important to me, I've had to learn how to negotiate that world that you're talking about. Because films do cost so much money to make, it is in some ways cheaper now. But if you want it at a certain technical level, it does cost money. So you have to figure out how to make it at manageable level. If you're doing something about necrophilia, how are you going to make it in a manageable way and still make it good? Fortunately, I'm in a position where I can do it a little easier than maybe other folks.
But you're exactly right: With “Oz,” if you're spending $150 million…I mean, they were trying to push technical boundaries. That's where new ground is being covered. This is just me, but I don't want to mess around too much with pushing content boundaries. Maybe I just read too much about “Heaven's Gate” or something. I want to break boundaries, but not when there's so much money. There's always a balance. So I made this movie at a certain level. Something like “Interior. Leather Bar,” I made that for nothing. And if it doesn't go anywhere, it's like, “Oh well. We got to make what we wanted.” It's always about that negotiation, that balance of money and content.
Yet here comes “The Interview,” the comedy in which you're co-starring with Seth Rogen, which has angered the North Korean government. That makes it sound like you're cooking up something subversive even though it's a studio movie.
I think what Seth Rogen and [co-director] Evan Goldberg do is that they've figured out a way to work within the studio and commercial world and still be subversive. Part of it is that they're such great comedy writers and in comedy you can be very subversive in ways that feel like you're not, but it actually is that. So on one level, “This is the End” is just a wacky, silly horror-comedy, and on the other level it's not. We're talking about things like what Soderbergh's “Contagion” is talking about — like, what happens if civilization falls apart? How do we behave? Yet they do it in a comedy context, so they get away with a lot more.
Meanwhile, you've accrued a filmography as a director even faster than them. How are you so prolific as a filmmaker, much less than an actor?
I'm not doing it that fast.
Faster than a lot of people. Your IMDb page does not lie.
Right. A lot of people are unnecessarily slow. It drives me crazy. One of my M.O.'s is “Just get it done.” I hate all that pitching and stuff behind the scenes: “Oh, we have to get this to make it.” However I can bypass all that and just make the movie, I do. I'm proud of that. I can actually get these things done. That's the worst! Waiting around and talking about movies, waiting for this or that deal? If you truly love filmmaking and getting things done, just go and you can do it.
You've played a lot of different characters, but your filmmaking choices are much more specific. Your recent films are really focused on the mechanics of adaptation. A lot of filmmakers with particular sensibilities prefer to do original work. What's the allure of adaptations to you?
As Harmony [Korine] says, “Every artist works differently.” That's great; you want that. Some directors work well with original material. Others work better with adaptations. Most of Kubrick's movies are adaptations.
But your movies are much more explicit attempts to render the text in cinematic form. You include text from the book on the screen at the beginning of “Child of God,” and the cuts to black seem to replicate the abrupt chapter endings that McCarthy often uses. In “As I Lay Dying,” you used split screen to explore Faulkner's narrative technique. That's a world apart from Kubrick making “2001” out of Arthur C. Clarke's book.
Exactly. It was a discovery I made at NYU when I was in the film school. During our first year we had to make a series of three short films. I had just finished by bachelors degree in English and I had read all these poems. When I was in the English department, I was already working on movies for about 10 years, but I wanted to turn [poems] into movies. All of a sudden I was at NYU and they were like, “You have to make these short films.” I was realized these poems were perfect. That started the ball rolling. It was like, “Oh, I like this adaptation thing because it's another collaboration.” If I get to use Faulkner or Frank Bidart's poems, it's like a collaboration with my heroes. Even if it's not a personal collaboration, in some ways, their work is getting me closer than if I was working with them.
So that became my thing. In the MFA program, one of the things they teach you is to find your thing, find your voice, find your way of doing things. So that adaptation was a way to bring my literature world and my film world together. But not only that. This idea of really wrestling with the text is very important to me because so many people have said these great books have terrible adaptations.
There was a previous adaptation of “Sound and the Fury.” [Franco's adaptation premieres on the festival circuit this fall.] Nothing against Joanne Woodward or Yule Brynner, but what they clearly did not do was try to adapt the style and structure of that book. They just took the narrative. And if you just take the narrative, it's just a Southern melodrama about a family falling apart. If you don't take the style and the structure, that's not “The Sound and the Fury.” So I think that's my mission — the adaptation isn't just the story or the characters. It's also the style and the structure, if I'm going to be loyal to it. But you can't just do it literally. It's a different medium. So I thrive on finding those filmic solutions to adapting texts.
Speaking of solutions, we should discuss distribution. You've experienced it every which way. You've obviously been involved with movies that have opened very wide. This movie is getting a limited theatrical release. But “As I Lay Dying” went straight to VOD.
Well, I have to say, the release of “As I Lay Dying” was a bummer. We took it to Cannes and got great reviews. It was with a company that just doesn't do those kinds of movies. Millennium [Entertainment] does movies like “Texas Chainsaw Massacre 3D,” you know? They just don't do these movies.
You also made the documentary “Saturday Night,” about “Saturday Night Live,” which never came out at all.
It's coming out! That was really just a function of us making a documentary of a TV show before we got the network's permission. We got Lorne Michael's permission but not NBC's permission because it started as a project at NYU. So then we were in that situation where it was like, “Ah, fuck, we made this great thing, and now we gotta get all this information.” So we finally got it and I think it's going to come out in time for the 40th anniversary of “Saturday Night Live.” I think it's just going to come out on Hulu, which is good enough. At least people will see it. I think they will like it.
That was a case where, again, it wasn't a ton of money but we got great content. It was like, fine, we got to make something that really interests me and I didn't have to think about, “Well, we gotta put this scene in because have to make this amount of money…”
It's just like, let's just make the movie we want to make and we don't have to worry about it. Really. It's just about getting it out to the people who want to see it.
Sign Up: Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.
Removed the blurring FX caused by Ghalt's Dual Wield to improve visibility while the skill is active.
As we said above, this week, the Community Spotlight section is the star of the show! We love coming across the awesome things that you guys do and always want to do our best to recognize as much of it as possible. To that end, we've created “The Battleplan 9 Community Recognition Thread” on the Gearbox forums. Make sure to drop by and check out just a few of the best creations the Battleborn Community has to offer!
by: yggDrassel
by: flamfelis
by: MyMainIsACook on Tumblr
In addition to the Gearbox forum thread above, there are lots of great places to find other members of the community who are creating great stuff. Not only can you find “creations” of all types, but there are plenty of places our there to just chat about Battleborn and share tips, tactics, and builds. We've added a short list of a few of these places below. That way, whether you're new to the community or you're just always up for a conversation about Battleborn, you can easily get connected with other members of the community!
As we said above, this week, the Community Spotlight section is the star of the show! We love coming across the awesome things that you guys do and always want to do our best to recognize as much of it as possible. To that end, we've created “The Battleplan 9 Community Recognition Thread” on the Gearbox forums. Make sure to drop by and check out just a few of the best creations the Battleborn Community has to offer! by: yggDrassel by: flamfelis by: MyMainIsACook on Tumblr In addition to the Gearbox forum thread above, there are lots of great places to find other members of the community who are creating great stuff. Not only can you find “creations” of all types, but there are plenty of places our there to just chat about Battleborn and share tips, tactics, and builds. We've added a short list of a few of these places below. That way, whether you're new to the community or you're just always up for a conversation about Battleborn, you can easily get connected with other members of the community! <a href=”http://reddit.com/r/battleborn">The Battleborn Subreddit (r/Battleborn) - r/Battleborn is a great way to keep a finger on the pulse of the community. Head on over for in-depth info and even a solid community created meme or two. Reddit is also a hub for community-run tournaments, for those of you with a competitive streak.
<a href=”http://forums.gearboxsoftware.com">The Official Gearbox Software Forums - We link to them above, but it bears repeating. The Official Gearbox Forums are a great place to see developers pop in and out from time to time chatting and engaging with the community.
<a href=”http://www.deviantart.com/browse/all/?order=67108864&q=Battleborn">DeviantArt - DeviantArt is a great place to the “community creations” we referenced above. Many of the most talented artists in the community showcase their work on DeviantArt, making it easy to find all sorts of awesome stuff with just a simple search!
This week, we thought it was about time to dedicate more of the Battleplan to you guys and the cool stuff you do to support Battleborn. From cosplays and fan art, to tournaments and even [drink recipes](http://mymainisacook.tumblr.com/post/143787276136/battleborn-power-tastes-like-lemons), the things you guys create never cease to amaze us. In this issue of the Battleplan, we'll be calling out a few things of note, but also pointing you in the direction of some great community hubs that you should know about.We only have one hot fix coming at you this week and it's a pretty simple change for Ghalt:
Hopefully, this will give you a good idea of some of the more popular online community hotspots and where they are. If you're new to the community or would just like to get more involved, these are all good places to start!
You guys know us – we're all about the loot. We know you guys are too, so that's why last week, we made some pretty significant changes that made the loot you want easier to get. As if that wasn‘t enough, next week, we'll be holding our first loot based event: The Battleborn Lootpocalypse! From 8am PT on Friday, July 15th until 8am PT on Monday, July 18th, we'll be raising the droprates of legendary gear through the roof! We'll have more details in next week's Battleplan, but make sure to clear your calendars and prepare for the Lootpocalypse!
2013 was a rough year to be a fan of the genre loosely known as ‘city building'. SimCity had bombed; a victim of bizarre, pseudo-multiplayer design choices, EA's unwillingness to properly sanction modding, and unusually small maps. The Tropico series was still drifting along, but seemed stuck on repeat, and in any case hadn't released a game since 2011's Tropico 4. Blue Byte were now owned by Ubisoft, and their last Anno game had come out in 2009.
Things seemed quite bleak. Yet just four years later the genre seems healthier than ever, with big budget and indie games alike taking a shot at city building. On the horizon, there are at least four significant titles coming out in 2018.
The renaissance in city building has been a collective effort rather than an individual one, but in those uncertain post-SimCity years two titles did arrive at opportune moments. Banished (which its lone creator had been working on since 2011) appeared in 2014, just in time to snag a lot of disaffected city planners. Its mixed emphasis on population survival and medieval settlement management proved to be a hit, and the game now has an estimated 1.8 million owners on Steam.
Banished showed that lower budget, independent takes on the builder could succeed, but it was 2015's Cities: Skylines that really reignited the interest of the disenfranchised SimCity crowd. Colossal Order's marketing campaign was laser-focused on contrasting their game with the failings of Maxis' most recent effort, making sure to highlight the size of the Cities: Skylines maps, offline play, and the studio's commitment to supporting mods. Crucially, they also followed through on those promises.
Support for Cities: Skylines has continued to this day, as Paradox are never shy when it comes to DLCs and expansions (and, in fairness, there's been a lot of free stuff too). The latest, Green Cities, was confirmed earlier this week at Gamescom. With a potential player-base of close to four million, it should do rather well.
Like Banished, 2015 saw another independent title reach a launch-ready state after a slow burn development. Introversion's Prison Architect wasn't quite on the town/city scale, but its somewhat cynical penitentiary management echoed the structure of Bullfrog's brilliant Theme Park. It had quietly trundled along since its announcement in 2011, and reached fruition just in time to take its place in a resurgent line-up of building and social management sims.
Elsewhere in the industry, Ubisoft's Anno series popped up again with the divisive Anno 2205. Tropico 5 managed to yet again sell Tropico 3 to everybody (it's still good, but c'mon guys). Inessential releases, perhaps, but useful for gauging the health of the genre among publishers.
2017 has, so far, provided us with the dependable (if a little too devoted to building norms) Aven Colony, and the Fig-funded Kingdoms & Castles. I've not played the latter, but it's the first Fig title to start providing a return to its investors on that platform so it must be doing quite well for itself.
But while this year has been quieter in terms of actual releases, for conclusive proof that the city/settlement building genre is still in fine health, let's turn to Gamescom. To date, that show has seen three significant announcements and reminders for a pair of other upcoming titles.
The Cities: Skylines expansion Green Cities has already had a mention. Alongside that, add Frontier's Jurassic World Evolution (after all, who doesn't want to try to run an insane dinosaur theme park?) and Anno 1800. Details aren't exactly raining down for either of those games, but the latter is a return to the historical side of Anno which may bode well. Frontier, of course, already have some pedigree in the sandbox building genre with Planet Coaster.
In addition to those new game announcements, there have been trailers for Tropico 6 and Surviving Mars. Interestingly, the long-term Tropico developers Haemimont are the ones in charge of the colony-based Surviving Mars. This time around, El Presidente is under the guidance of Limbic Entertainment (of Might & Magic X Legacy fame). It doesn't look like they're about to turn it into an dungeon crawling RPG, but Limbic may be able to bring some of their own ideas to liven up the island dictatorship.
Contemporary city builders and related park/colony management titles, then, are being constructed at pace. Though Maxis Emeryville no longer exists, and the SimCity series has been a condemned property since 2013, many others have taken up plans and blueprints of their own. Over-hyping the 2018 line-up before any of them are released would be foolish, but the sheer number would suggest that at least one or two will be worthy considerations. If not, Cities: Skylines shows few signs of winding down. The city building genre may have wobbled, but its new foundations are strong.
Cannabis was downgraded to Class C under Tony Blair Peers have voted to support government plans to upgrade cannabis from a class C to a class B drug. The change is due to come into force in January, reversing Tony Blair's 2004 downgrading, and raising a maximum jail sentence for possession to five years. This is despite the Council on the Misuse of Drugs' recommendation that cannabis should remain a class C drug. The House of Lords voted by a majority of 52 against an amendment which would have overturned the government's plans. The government says the mental health risks of cannabis, particularly stronger varieties such as "skunk", mean it should return to class B. Opponents say this is unnecessary and could even increase use. 'Alcohol more dangerous' Crossbencher Baroness Meacher's amendment had been backed by the Liberal Democrats, but opposed by the other two main parties. If peers had voted in favour of their proposal it would have postponed a decision on the drug for two years, pending another review by the advisory council. During the debate, Lady Meacher, chairperson of the East London and City Mental Health Trust, said: "We all know that alcohol is far more dangerous than cannabis. SKUNK So called because it has a very strong smell Three times stronger than other types of cannabis Contains much higher levels of the active ingredient - tetrahydrocannabinol (THC). Now accounts for between 70 and 80% of samples seized by police Six years ago it accounted for 15% of samples
Head-to-head: drug laws Are voters getting drugs message? "Alcohol abuse leads to violence, suicide, liver cirrhosis, mental illness, dependence, addiction and lasting effects on the foetus. "In marked contrast, the only possible - possible - health effect of cannabis referred to in the government's statement on reclassification is the possible causal link with schizophrenia." But Home Office minister Lord West said the reclassification was "to protect the public", especially young people. They said cannabis use had fallen to its lowest level for 10 years and it was "crucial this trend continues", as there was "clear evidence that it can produce physical harms as well as medium to long-term mental health harms". Peers rejected Lady Meacher's amendment by 116 votes to 64. 'Protect the young' Afterwards, Home Secretary Jacqui Smith said: "This is the next step towards toughening up our enforcement response - to ensure that repeat offenders know that we are serious about tackling the danger that the drug poses to individuals and in turn communities. We need to act now to protect future generations." Ms Smith said in June that cannabis should return to class B because of "uncertainty" over its impact on mental health. This would lift the maximum prison sentence for possession from two years to five years. The government's reclassification order was made in October and is due to come into force on 26 January. A letter to the Guardian newspaper on Tuesday, signed by former government chief scientific advisers David King and Lord Robert May, said the drugs classification system must be "credible" and that changing it again would give an "ambiguous message". In its report, Cannabis: Classification And Public Health, the advisory council described cannabis as a "significant public health issue". But it said it should still remain a class C drug, as the risks were not as serious as those of class B substances, such as amphetamines and barbiturates. The report said the evidence suggested a "probable, but weak, causal link between psychotic illness, including schizophrenia, and cannabis use". However, in the population as a whole, it played only a "modest role" in the development of these conditions.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Police are looking for a suspect who shot a 21-year-old man as they were holding their 1-year-old daughter. (Published Wednesday, July 8, 2015)
A man holding a baby was shot and killed on a Bronx street Tuesday afternoon, police say.
Allen McQueen, 21, was sitting on a park bench on the 1500 block of Taylor Avenue in Parkchester, when a gunman came out of nowhere and shot at him, authorities and witnesses say.
Witnesses said McQueen started running toward their apartment, all the while holding their 1-year-old daughter, but was shot before they could get inside. Police said McQueen was struck once in the back.
They were taken to Jacobi Hospital, where they were pronounced dead. The baby, though covered in blood, sustained only a bump to the head and was released from the hospital.
One witness said they heard two gunshots, and everyone in the area "froze."
"I see people running, kids ducking," said the witness, who asked not to be identified.
"To see something like this in our community is totally shocking," they added. "Thank God the baby's alive."
Police are still looking for the gunman who they say took off in a gray Mercedes with unknown New York plates.
Officials have released surveillance video of the suspect. Anyone with information is asked to call Crime Stoppers at 800-577-TIPS.
Download raw source
Delivered-To: john.podesta@gmail.com Received: by 10.140.25.147 with SMTP id 19csp34729qgt; Tue, 24 Jun 2014 03:52:37 -0700 (PDT) X-Received: by 10.236.19.78 with SMTP id m54mr222377yhm.134.1403607156940; Tue, 24 Jun 2014 03:52:36 -0700 (PDT) Return-Path: <cheryl.mills@gmail.com> Received: from mail-yh0-x22d.google.com (mail-yh0-x22d.google.com [2607:f8b0:4002:c01::22d]) by mx.google.com with ESMTPS id f100si34381746yhq.38.2014.06.24.03.52.36 for <multiple recipients> (version=TLSv1 cipher=ECDHE-RSA-RC4-SHA bits=128/128); Tue, 24 Jun 2014 03:52:36 -0700 (PDT) Received-SPF: pass (google.com: domain of cheryl.mills@gmail.com designates 2607:f8b0:4002:c01::22d as permitted sender) client-ip=2607:f8b0:4002:c01::22d; Authentication-Results: mx.google.com; spf=pass (google.com: domain of cheryl.mills@gmail.com designates 2607:f8b0:4002:c01::22d as permitted sender) smtp.mail=cheryl.mills@gmail.com; dkim=pass header.i=@gmail.com; dmarc=pass (p=NONE dis=NONE) header.from=gmail.com Received: by mail-yh0-x22d.google.com with SMTP id t59so51364yho.18 for <multiple recipients>; Tue, 24 Jun 2014 03:52:36 -0700 (PDT) DKIM-Signature: v=1; a=rsa-sha256; c=relaxed/relaxed; d=gmail.com; s=20120113; h=references:in-reply-to:mime-version:content-transfer-encoding :content-type:message-id:cc:from:subject:date:to; bh=UIvRdzB8dYq/wcjvnaFgQzShjKBTKr5fAtrFcPTQHag=; b=eVhsWZx9Zq1BzbcRqhmQejBTkllx29gZCnYDIaLg3suP3c206taBgg4MyQSKv+qjSr h9St2M9qjKjjjFO9lI4d7QFsuS7oHQPEzDiTvHjZtS3DrmCnsLyX7Y9xL6Qa16YOhbbA zQ4CV9r5NKbRHmXSJ/fO/EcV+hTk8FdOX905Gb5QBhZnzIS5SHTSPY73VwJIX58/GoyE 6IZ9Djq/RwnTFuVo9Tl84qLkAIejJAoVmP7ngqZFzSqoE0JrGa1YG7ExHDjy2WuQXDcj ASOBVkz+AmaSw8PPZnnU0Qb7kd6sqlglllGBhZJNHAsptWyIjmArlPepD4v0Hv7H2wW5 aMdA== X-Received: by 10.236.31.39 with SMTP id l27mr194825yha.7.1403607156702; Tue, 24 Jun 2014 03:52:36 -0700 (PDT) Return-Path: <cheryl.mills@gmail.com> Received: from [10.222.70.73] ([166.170.58.69]) by mx.google.com with ESMTPSA id h94sm34350620yhq.35.2014.06.24.03.52.22 for <multiple recipients> (version=TLSv1 cipher=ECDHE-RSA-RC4-SHA bits=128/128); Tue, 24 Jun 2014 03:52:35 -0700 (PDT) References: <CA+NiFyPH2hWrY-ffa1mr2HsbRrMW44XR1nurn-uT9L6CGorpHQ@mail.gmail.com> In-Reply-To: <CA+NiFyPH2hWrY-ffa1mr2HsbRrMW44XR1nurn-uT9L6CGorpHQ@mail.gmail.com> Mime-Version: 1.0 (1.0) Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary=Apple-Mail-4780117F-7C2A-4B25-87BE-7D766CB426C3 Message-Id: <736CEF02-6952-4290-901D-35290CD89A68@gmail.com> CC: John Podesta <john.podesta@gmail.com> X-Mailer: iPhone Mail (11D201) From: Cheryl Mills <cheryl.mills@gmail.com> Subject: Re: Urgent call Date: Tue, 24 Jun 2014 06:52:17 -0400 To: Robert Mook <robbymook@gmail.com> --Apple-Mail-4780117F-7C2A-4B25-87BE-7D766CB426C3 Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable I don't know timing but I am happy to connect to them to achieve your second g= oal.=20 cdm > On Jun 23, 2014, at 6:20 PM, Robert Mook <robbymook@gmail.com> wrote: >=20 > John, > Mikey Dickerson was the lead engineer brought in to fix the Obamacare webs= ite (you probably know more about this than I do, but link below just in cas= e). > We are desperately trying to get them to oversee the Eric Schmidt project. = He's apparently open to doing it but a little worried about how legit it is= and what it means for later on. I was hoping you could call them to tell hi= m how important the project is and how much faith higher ups would have in h= is ability to deliver a really good product ...and how that would inevitably= mean a position later. > I'm going to talk to them as well, but would be really helpful for them to h= ear the same talking points from you. We really want/need this guy running= this project and let's just say he'd be a really strong CTO for a national c= ampaign. > Would you be able to do that? Mikey is low key so I'm not worried about h= im blabbing if you tell them it's a confidential conversation. > Cheryl, adding you on here in case HRC may want to meet with them to discus= s Obamacare website...that would REALLY help us make the case to him!! >=20 >=20 > http://washingtonexaminer.com/michael-dickerson-the-invisible-man-behind-o= bamacares-tech-surge/article/2540253 --Apple-Mail-4780117F-7C2A-4B25-87BE-7D766CB426C3 Content-Type: text/html; charset=utf-8 Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit <html><head><meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"></head><body dir="auto"><div>I don't know timing but I am happy to connect to them to achieve your second goal. </div><div><br>cdm</div><div><br>On Jun 23, 2014, at 6:20 PM, Robert Mook <<a href="mailto:robbymook@gmail.com">robbymook@gmail.com</a>> wrote:<br><br></div><blockquote type="cite"><div><div dir="ltr">John,<div>Mikey Dickerson was the lead engineer brought in to fix the Obamacare website (you probably know more about this than I do, but link below just in case).</div><div>We are desperately trying to get them to oversee the Eric Schmidt project. He's apparently open to doing it but a little worried about how legit it is and what it means for later on. I was hoping you could call them to tell them how important the project is and how much faith higher ups would have in their ability to deliver a really good product ...and how that would inevitably mean a position later.</div> <div><div>I'm going to talk to them as well, but would be really helpful for them to hear the same talking points from you. We really want/need this guy running this project and let's just say he'd be a really strong CTO for a national campaign.</div> <div>Would you be able to do that? Mikey is low key so I'm not worried about them blabbing if you tell them it's a confidential conversation.</div></div><div>Cheryl, adding you on here in case HRC may want to meet with them to discuss Obamacare website...that would REALLY help us make the case to him!!</div> <div><br></div><div><div><br></div><div><a href="http://washingtonexaminer.com/michael-dickerson-the-invisible-man-behind-obamacares-tech-surge/article/2540253">http://washingtonexaminer.com/michael-dickerson-the-invisible-man-behind-obamacares-tech-surge/article/2540253</a><br> </div></div></div> </div></blockquote></body></html> --Apple-Mail-4780117F-7C2A-4B25-87BE-7D766CB426C3--
Trevor Sanderson has 15 hams, 150 boxes of stuffing and 200 pounds of potatoes, and he's giving it all away for free at a massive community dinner at Winnipeg's Thunderbird House Saturday night.
"It's just about bringing everybody together," the former Winnipegger said. He's expecting more than 300 people to attend.
Sanderson, a military veteran, is in town for the holidays on what was supposed to be a "rest stop" in their mission to walk across Canada. They want to help low-income, homeless and vulnerable people — including other veterans — throughout the country, volunteering and connecting people with services as they go.
He's documenting their journey on their Facebook page, Canadians joining Canadians.
The 47-year-old started in Sydney, N.S., six months ago, and has walked more than 3,400 kilometres since then. He's passed through more than a dozen Canadian cities, sleeping on the streets or under bridges and helping the homeless people they meet along the way.
"If I walked across Canada, nobody would ever know what I was doing … I'd be in a town, I'd be gone, nobody would care," they said. "But if I stop and actually try to make a difference in every town that I make — well, then it'll have more of an impact. And that's exactly what it's having."
Sanderson said they were inspired to make the journey after they hit hard times in Sydney, where they were living before they set out. They were previously part of the Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry from 1990 to 1993 and worked on an Alberta oil field before ending up in the Maritime community.
On their journey, he's built wheelchair ramps, organized community barbecues and cleanups and volunteered with a homeless shelter. He's lost 40 pounds since they set out.
'Stop being selfish'
Their last stop was in Toronto before they flew to Winnipeg to rest and see their parents over the holidays, but they wanted to organize a winter solstice dinner for the community.
They paid out of their own pocket for some of the food, and gathered donations of turkey, laptops and a TV to give out as door prizes.
They also slept on the street at Higgins Avenue and Main Street for several nights since arriving, alongside a handful of homeless Winnipeggers who offered to spend the nights with him.
"They're willing to put themselves out there — why wouldn't I be willing to show my support to them?" they said. "They're showing their support to me by challenging me to stay out there."
On Jan. 15, he's going to pick up where they left off in Toronto and continue their walk. They want to help vulnerable people find the services that can help them, and unite service providers to make them stronger.
When he's done, they want to present their story to the Canadian government to call for action to improve social services.
"What I want people to know is, stop being selfish. If you know somebody's in trouble, help them," Sanderson said.
"It doesn't take much — sometimes just a pat on the back saying, 'Hey man, it's going to be OK.' You know, you can change somebody's life by doing that."
Their dinner starts at 5 p.m. Saturday and ends at 8 p.m. at Thunderbird House, 715 Main St., in Winnipeg.
Pete Kozma went from being the Cardinals' starting shortstop to an afterthought once the clock struck midnight and turned them back into light-hitting pumpkin, and now they might be learning to catch.
Rick Hummel of the St. Louis Post Dispatch reports that Cardinals manager Mike Matheny has told Kozma and fellow utility infielder candidate Greg Garcia “to strap on catching equipment, whether it be in batting practice, or even a game.”
For now Matheny is simply trying to find an emergency catcher option behind starter Yadier Molina and backup Tony Cruz. Daniel Descalso had been the emergency catcher, but now he's with the Rockies.
Hummel notes that Kozma is also likely to see some time in the outfield this spring, as they basically try to do anything possible to look more appealing to the Cardinals as a potential bench player.
Follow @AaronGleeman
A fake wedding couple have been jailed for immigration offences after the groom had to ask their wife-to-be's name.
A fake wedding couple have been jailed for immigration offences after the groom had to ask their wife-to-be's name.
Fake wedding couple jailed after groom had to ask their bride's name
The Home Office said Pakistani Zubair Khan, 28, and Hungarian Beata Szilagyi, 33, were arrested in Hull minutes before their bogus ceremony in October.
As the couple tried to use the scam to enable Khan to stay in the UK, Khan had to make a telephone call to marriage fixer Khaliq Dad Khan to ask their bride's name during a meeting with the registrar before the ceremony.
Home Office investigators were alerted by the registrar and arrested the pair at Hull Register Office.
Today, Khan, of Patrick Connolly Gardens, London, and Szilagyi, of Lichfield Close, Hull, were sentenced to 20 months and 17 months respectively at Hull Crown Court, the spokesperson confirmed.
They both admitted conspiracy to facilitate a breach of immigration law.
Khaliq Dad Khan, 48, also of Patrick Connolly Gardens, was jailed for 20 months after pleading guilty to the same charge. They were also arrested at the register office on October 9 last year.
Home Office investigator Andy Sharpe, from Immigration Enforcement Criminal Investigations, said: "This was a farcical but nonetheless serious attempt to cheat the UK's immigration laws.
"At a pre-wedding registrar appointment, Zubair Khan could not even remember the name of their prospective bride.
"The sentences handed out today reflect the gravity of their criminality.
"We continue to crack down on sham marriage abuse, and we work very closely with registrars to identify suspicious marriages. We will not hesitate to act where we believe a relationship is not genuine.
"This case shows that the people who attempt to abuse the system will be caught, and they will end up in prison."
Immigration and Security Minister James Brokenshire said: "This case shows that the tough action we are taking against sham marriage abuse is working. The criminal gangs who try to cheat their way around our immigration laws will not escape justice.
"This government has done more than any before it to clamp down on those seeking to abuse the UK's immigration system.
"Last year, our investigators intervened in more than 2,400 suspected sham marriages - almost twice as many as the year before. The new Immigration Act, which became law last year, gives us a much stronger platform to identify, disrupt and deter marriages which are not genuine."
Online Editors
Washington (CNN) The leading Muslim civil liberties group in America called Monday for Republican Ben Carson to drop out of the presidential race after the retired neurosurgeon said this weekend that they don't believe any Muslim should be president of the United States.
Nihad Awad, executive director of the Council on American-Islamic Relations, said the group is calling on Carson to "withdraw from the presidential race because they are unfit to lead, because their views are inconsistent with the United States Constitution."
Carson is currently a top contender for the GOP presidential nomination, taking third place with 14% of support in the latest CNN/ORC poll, released Sunday.
Their comments came as they responded to another controversy involving a GOP presidential candidate and Muslims in America when a questioner told Donald Trump at a campaign event in New Hampshire that "we have a problem in this country ... called Muslims" and said that President Barack Obama is a Muslim.
Awad insisted that it was Carson's, not Muslim Americans', views that are inconsistent with the Constitution, as the document states that there shall be "no religious test" for candidates seeking public office.
Awad said they were "shocked" to hear Carson's comments, which they described as "anti-Muslim." They urged the public and other presidential candidates to "repudiate" Carson's views.
"The protection of freedom of religion in America is a fundamental principle of our country so whether you are Christian, you are Jewish, you are Muslim, you are Catholic, you are black, you are brown, you are white -- if you are born in this country, if you uphold Constitution, if you have the vision, if you are fit to lead, you can lead irrespective of your faith tradition," Awad said.
The Anti-Defamation League, a group that fights anti-Semitism and other bigotry, called Carson's comments "deeply offensive, un-American and contrary to the Constitution" in a statement from ADL National Director Jonathan Greenblatt.
"As the campaign season advances, we urge all presidential candidates to avoid innuendo and stereotyping of all sorts, including against people based on their faith, particularly American Muslims and, instead, to confront all forms of prejudice and bigotry. Remarks suggesting that all Muslims follow extremist interpretations of Islam have no basis in fact and fuel bigotry," Greenblatt said.
Greenblatt also knocked Trump for their "failure to stand up to an anti-Muslim bigot at a campiagn rally who questioned whether President Obama was a Muslim."
Immediately following Awad's comments, Carson's business manager, Armstrong Williams, told CNN that Carson was not trying to "hurt or offend" but came to their conclusion about Islam "because of their love for America."
"What an individual believes impacts how America is governed and what we become as a nation," Williams said, adding that Carson is not alone in their view of Islam.
In fact, according to a Gallup survey published in June , 38% of Americans polled said they would not support a Muslim candidate for president, while 60% said they would.
"There are many Americans, if they search their hearts, they believe the same thing -- they don't want to believe it but when they look at the world and look at how Islam has become polluted and what is happening in Europe and in the Middle East and around the world, you have to take time to pause and ask what is happening around the world?" Williams said.
Williams also slammed what they called the "destructive tenets of Islam and Sharia law."
Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton tweeted a brief question and answer Monday: "Can a Muslim be President of the United States of America? In a word: Yes. Now let's move on," signing the tweet "H" to show it was from them
Can a Muslim be President of the United States of America? In a word: Yes. Now let's move on. -H pic.twitter.com/AB99hiUPie — Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) September 21, 2015
Republican front-runner Donald Trump declined to condemn Carson's comments as they sought to extinguish the controversy surrounding comments about Muslims swirling around their own candidacy.
Trump said in their case they assumed the questioner who said at their campaign event that Muslims were a problem in America was talking about "radical Islam," but has refused to disavow the questioner's comments about Obama.
Of Carson, Trump said the retired neurosurgeon is "speaking their opinion" and "feels very strongly about it."
Most other GOP presidential candidates who weighed in have offered veiled or indirect criticism of Carson's remarks.
Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas pointed to the Constitution.
"You know, the Constitution specifies there shall be no religious test for public office and I am a constitutionalist," Cruz said
Lousiana Gov. Bobby Jindal slammed the press for playing a "dumb game," but said they would support a Muslim candidate running as a Republican who would respect "the Judeo-Christian heritage of America," will commit to fight ISIS and radical Islam and will "condemn cultures that treat women as second class citizens."
But Jindal added one more caveat: The candidate must swear the oath of office "on the Bible." A Jindal spokesperson declined to say why a Muslim candidate would need to swear the oath of office on a Bible, not a Koran.
Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina took the most direct shot at Carson, saying they are "not ready to be commander in chief."
"America is an idea, not owned by a particular religion," Graham tweeted Sunday. "@RealBenCarson needs to apologize to American Muslims.  They are a good doctor, but clearly not prepared to lead a great nation."
The founder of Katzinger's Delicatessen has fixed their last sandwich. Diane Warren, who has owned the German Village deli for 32 years, sold the deli to Tim Rollins, owner of the the four Wine Bistro restaurants. No worries, Katzinger's, where the Rolling Stones and Bill Clinton have eaten, will carry on.
The founder of Katzinger's Delicatessen has fixed their last sandwich.
Diane Warren, who has owned the German Village deli for 32 years, sold the deli to Tim Rollins, owner of the the four Wine Bistro restaurants. No worries, Katzinger's, where the Rolling Stones and Bill Clinton have eaten, will carry on.
"In a lot of ways I see this as a flight attendantship responsibility," Rollins said. "So many people have long-standing history with it."
Rollins was looking to buy a concept when a mutual friend introduced them to Warren, who just happened to be looking to sell them deli. They figured it was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to buy an iconic restaurant.
The sale includes Katzinger's popular stall at North Market as well. There is no Katzinger, by the way. Warren and their ex-husband, Steve, made up the name to give the deli more character.
The deli is a prime opportunity, said Bob Welcher, president of RCI Business Brokers, a Columbus-based restaurant consultant and broker.
"Katzinger's has a good concept and good brand and there is room for growth," Welcher said. "I think they could really fine tune it and expand the brand."
Rollins said they plan to focus on transitioning the business and learning as much as they can before looking to expand, but they see the potential as well.
"There is probably some growth potential in the market area here," Rollins said.
After more than 30 years at the helm of the deli, Warren said it was time for them to plan for Katzinger's future.
"I'm almost 70 years old," they said in the press release, "and it would be irresponsible not to have a succession plan in place to continue the great legacy of Katzinger's in Columbus."
jmalone@dispatch.com
@j_d_malone
PRI aiming to cut ties with ex-governor More bad news for Mexican politician taking heat in S.A.; office raided.
“I do not face criminal charges in the United States. I'm very calm.” — Tomás Yarrington Ruvalcaba, former Tamaulipas governor, on Twitter “I do not face criminal charges in the United States. I'm very calm.” — Tomás Yarrington Ruvalcaba, former Tamaulipas governor, on Twitter Photo: Foto De Cortesía, TYR Photo: Foto De Cortesía, TYR Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close PRI aiming to cut ties with ex-governor 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
With this summer's presidential election in its sights, Mexico's opposition party is trying to expel a former governor and presidential candidate who's the subject of a money laundering investigation in South Texas.
The Institutional Revolutionary Party, known by its Spanish acronym PRI, announced Wednesday that it is taking steps to remove Tomás Yarrington Ruvalcaba, a former governor and member of congress from the border state of Tamaulipas, after they were accused by U.S. federal agents and prosecutors of being on the take from Mexico's drug cartels.
The decision was made, PRI said, after the U.S. Justice Department announced Tuesday that Yarrington, who sought their party's nomination for president in 2005, was the subject of an investigation into millions of dollars in bribes paid by Mexican drug cartels and laundered in San Antonio and elsewhere in Texas.
Yarrington is not charged with a crime, but in a civil filing Tuesday and a criminal complaint seeking the arrest of a rancher and business person in San Antonio in February, U.S. authorities alleged that Yarrington used their position as a powerful politician to enrich himself. In the civil case, federal prosecutors in Corpus Christi are trying to seize a condo unit on South Padre Island that they said belongs to Yarrington.
While they were governor from 1999 to 2004 and a presidential candidate, Yarrington took millions of dollars from the Gulf Cartel and its former allies, the Zetas, the documents allege.
The PRI “exhorts Mr. Yarrington to cooperate fully with the authorities,” the announcement read.
Yarrington, through their lawyer and on Twitter, denied the allegations.
“He has no knowledge of the allegations in the complaint, and they refute everything,” said Yarrington's attorney, Houston lawyer Joel Androphy. “This is a lawsuit, and anybody can make allegations to file a lawsuit. If they got the information from somebody else, you've got to consider the source.”
After rumors swirled in Mexico that he'd been arrested in Texas, Yarrington tweeted to dispel them.
“I have not been detained,” they wrote. “I do not face criminal charges in the United States. I'm very calm.”
It's the latest embarrassment for the PRI stemming from money laundering investigations in San Antonio.
U.S. authorities have also made money laundering allegations against a former official from the border state of Coahuila who worked under Humberto Moreria, a former governor of that state who resigned under a cloud of scandal and went on to serve for a time as PRI's national chairperson.
PRI candidate Enrique Peña Nieto is the clear favorite for the July 1 presidential election, according to national polls.
The attempt to expel Yarrington is “historically, very unusual,” said Luis Rubio, president of the Center of Research for Development, a Mexico City think tank. “But when the stakes are so high, things can be expedited.”
When the San Antonio Express-News reported allegations against Yarrington in February, Peña Nieto lashed back, suggesting they were an effort to influence the election. Wednesday's efforts to distance the party from the disgraced politician showed a marked change in strategy, most likely in response to growing opposition to the PRI despite its comfortable lead in presidential polls.
“Even though there doesn't seem to be a risk that (Peña Nieto) could lose the election, there is increasingly a risk that they could end up without the majority in the legislature,” Rubio said.
Meanwhile in San Antonio, the investigation into Yarrington associate Fernando Alejandro Cano Martinez, 55, continued Tuesday night as Drug Enforcement Administration agents searched an office on Broadway.
Cano is charged with laundering bribe money in San Antonio paid by Mexican cartels to corrupt politicians. Federal prosecutors announced Cano's indictment at the same time they announced they'd filed a civil lawsuit to seize the South Padre Island condo.
As part of that case, the federal government is also trying to seize 46 acres on La Cantera Parkway in San Antonio. On Tuesday, agents searched the office of the company trying to develop that land, which was purchased for $6.6 million in 2006.
The office in a building at Broadway and Sunset is used by GMC Cantera Corp., one of several entities tied to the land on La Cantera. Corporate filings list as officers Alfredo Vila, a San Antonio accountant and former Mexican banker, and Alberto Berlanga Balado, a former public works director under Yarrington's successor in Tamaulipas. Berlanga's family said they aren't home, and Vila's wife said they couldn't comment.
Ana Vila said they and their husband were caught off guard when they learned that the feds were trying to seize the property. They said Berlanga and Alfredo knew each other because they are both from Tampico, Tamaulipas.
“We were very surprised,” they said about news that the feds were investigating the Cantera partnership. “We never knew about anything shady.”
After initially denying that agents had spoken to their husband, they later said they did serve a search warrant at the business office on Broadway and spoke with their husband, who was told by the DEA not to talk to reporters.
 They are cooperating with the feds, they said, again stressing that they are “simply an employee” of Berlanga.
“We have nothing to hide,” they said. “They told them they were not involved.”
jbuch@express-news.net
Vrrmm! Vrrmm! Vrrmm!
It's 9:00AM, and the cell phone next to my pillow is vibrating ominously. I rise and dismiss the alarm before it starts ringing in earnest and peek out the window of my room.
Portland summer is a fickle thing: the weather of the first month of my internship was marked by mist and rain (a phenomenon, Don tells me, which is highly unusual for Portland), while the weather of the second month was a sleepy gray in the mornings. "Is it summer yet?" was the topic of #galois for most of July. But in the heart of August, summer has finally arrived, and the sun greets my gaze. Shorts and a T-shirt, no sweater necessary! I silently go "Yes!"
I finish getting dressed, say goodbye to Pixie, the white cat who is curled up in my desk chair, skip breakfast, grab my bike, and head off in the direction of downtown Portland. (Warning: The rest of this post is similarly free of any sort of technical details (except at the very end)! Also, I'm a pretty terrible photographer with no idea how to post-process images.)
Commuting. I bike to work every day. The ride is about 30 minutes.
Along the way, I cross the Willamette:
This is a double-decker bridge, and the bottom platform lifts up when boats need to pass through. Which, unfortunately, is occasionally during my morning commute, in which case I have to bike further down the Riverside Esplanade.
At the end of my journey, I am greeted with the familiar face of the Commonwealth Building.
It's a pretty famous building as far as buildings go: it was one of the first glass skyscrapers ever built. I hear architecture students from universities around the city come by to look at the building.
Galois is on the third floor.
I park my bike in one of the handy bikeracks in the office:
and head off to my desk. (Crazy deskmate included. :-)
Office. Now that we're at Galois, perhaps it's time for a quick tour of the office. The Galois office is a single floor, with various rooms of note. Of ever-present importance is the kitchen:
from which coffee can be acquired (Portlanders are very serious about their coffee! It makes me almost wish that I was a coffee-drinker):
The kitchen is where the all-hands meeting takes place (Galois is small enough that you can fit all of the company's employees in a single room—only Ksplice, the startup I interned at, has also earned this distinction). One of the really good reflections on Galois' culture is the practice of appreciations, during which Galwegians (our name for Galois employees) appreciate one another for things that happened during the week.
There is a small library (a nice quiet place to chill out if some particularly hard thinking is merited):
A conference room:
And even a little room where you can take a nap!
By twelve, we Galwegians are hungry, so we head out to get lunch.
There is one tremendous advantage to being in downtown Portland: the food carts. I've never seen anything quite like it: blocks literally have fleets of carts lined up to serve you, whatever style of food you like.
Portland is also famously vegan friendly. You can get Vegan Bacon Cheeseburgers! (They are quite delicious, speaking as a carnivore.)
Or a fruit smoothie.
After we get our food, it's back to the office to chow down.
Our chief scientist and the engineer who sits across from me are having a post-lunch game of ping pong! (I've played a few rounds: they are quite good—backspin, top spin, it's more than I can keep track of!)
Offer building. On Tuesdays, instead of converging on the kitchen, many of converge to the conference room: it's the MOB lunch!
MOB stands for “Merged Offer Building”, though the name itself has a nice flavor: “The MOB makes you an offer you can't refuse.” Unlike traditional product companies, in which you have an engineering department which makes a product and then a sales department who finds clients and convinces them they want to buy your product, at Galois, for many contracts the engineers are the salespeople: they are the ones responsible for writing the proposal we submit for funding. The MOB meeting coordinates all of the various offer building efforts—though it's had no direct bearing to my internship, sitting in on MOB lunches has been a fascinating peek into the world of SBIRs, procurements, EC&A and many, many more acronyms.
tl;dr Interning at Galois this summer has been a blast, and I'm very sorry that there is only one week left. I'll miss all of you! ♥
Postscript. After a summer of Tech Talk writeups, I'll be giving a Galois Tech Talk myself, this coming Tuesday! It will get into the nitty gritty of abcBridge, the Haskell library I built over the summer. If you're in the area, come check it out!
Mistakes That Could Lose You Business
The world of business is a complex network of connections, partnerships and affiliations, strengthened d by time, but still ever so delicate. Like all relationships involving trust, business relations are difficult to instigate, time-consuming to develop, and phenomenally easy to destroy. To some it may seem petty, but many corporations will refuse to do business with those they perceive to have slighted them, or indeed those who ignore the finer details of corporate courtesy. This article will review some of the easiest mistakes to make, so that, hopefully, you will be able to avoid them in future, and retain all of your valuable custom!
Misspelling
It would amaze you how many companies send out correspondences without first having them professionally checked for spelling, grammar and formatting. It seems to be an unfortunate trope of modern society that the finer details of language are becoming irrelevant, but in industry communications these minutiae are extremely important. Anything sent from your company must be a positive and affirming representation of your business, and nothing destroys this image quicker than typos, missing apostrophes and incorrect formalities of address. Most importantly though, it is vital that you spell the names of your correspondents correctly—few mistakes appear ruder and lazier than the misspelling of a company's name, and this will certainly lose you some business.
Delayed Follow-ups
It is a general rule of life that nobody likes to have their time wasted. When exacting business with another company, it is essential that the projects you are responsible for are done in a timely manner—failure to complete tasks (or to communicate delays) in this instance will make you seem inefficient, irresponsible and untrustworthy. Such labels will not only affect your future dealings with the company in question, but with all other companies in contact with them. A reputation for tardiness is a hard thing to shake, so don't get one in the first place!
Inflexible Hours
Especially now that we live in an age of international trade, the issue of opening hours is one at the forefront of every corporation's thoughts. Obviously the industry in which you operate will dictate your business hours to some extent, but it is a good idea to be wary of companies who may wish to have dealings with you. Inflexible business hours can give off the impression that you are uninterested, blinkered or even ignorant of others, and could prevent you from gaining valuable business.
Being Difficult to Contact
Closely linked to this is the problem of isolation. There are many ways to make yourself unavailable to other companies: your contact information could be difficult to access, you could have insufficient staff available to deal with communications, or you could simply be ignoring correspondences. In any case, this is a heinous error which will greatly deter fellow organisations from even attempting to seek your business, and may inspire them to warn others against you. Nobody likes to be ignored, and this is as true in business as it is in social circles
Discourtesy
Business etiquette training is an ever increasing aspect of corporate development, because as industries begin to trade with foreign nations, the importance of correct manners and appropriate formalities is becoming clearer and clearer. There are rules to be followed in relation to communications, dining, meetings and negotiations, and ignorance of this will prove you to be discourteous. Don't lose money because you weren't aware of the correct procedures!
Manchester City's Champions League ambitions look all but extinguished after Lionel Messi and Dani Alves gave Barcelona victory in the last-16 first leg at Etihad Stadium.
Messi broke the deadlock from the spot in the 54th minute after they were fouled by City defender Martin Demichelis, who was also sent off for a challenge that was initially made outside the penalty area.
And despite a defiant response from Manuel Pellegrini's side, Alves delivered what is surely the decisive blow when they exchanged passes with Neymar before sliding a cool finish under City keeper Joe Hart in the final minute.
Media playback is not supported on this device Manuel Pellegrini criticises referee Eriksson
City's supporters applauded their side's efforts at the final whistle but the subdued atmosphere around the ground moments later reflected the brutal reality that the task of recovering this tie is surely beyond them in the second leg at the Nou Camp.
This was not vintage Barcelona but they still carried enough threat to produce moments such as Andres Iniesta's brilliant pass that led to the penalty and, without the presence of Sergio Aguero, City's threat was limited.
Games such as this were what City's Abu Dhabi-based owners had in mind when they bankrolled the club - and while they are moving closer to the elite group there is still, understandably, work to do.
Pellegrini learned the lessons of defeat by Bayern Munich in the group stage and opted for Alvaro Negredo as a single striker - but City had to remain patient in the face of Barcelona's domination of possession early on.
Analysis from Etihad Stadium "To stop Barcelona you have to do it as a unit - if you do it individually they will pass around you. You have to be incredibly fit and get numbers around them. It only takes one person to switch off and you get punished. Inevitably, if you have Xavi, Andres Iniesta and Sergio Busquets, who are great at keeping the ball, you will be physically tested - and you could see Manchester City were very tired at the end."
City, however, were able to contain Barcelona, apart from a dangerous long-range effort from Xavi that Hart turned away.
The muscular Negredo was posing problems for Barcelona with their physical presence, while keeper Victor Valdes had to come through a crowd to save after David Silva's free-kick sparked a scramble in the six-yard area.
City would have felt satisfied with that opening 45 minutes but they were undone nine minutes after the restart and left feeling a sense of injustice as Messi put Barcelona ahead from the spot.
They felt Sergio Busquets had fouled Jesus Navas, allowing Barcelona to develop a move that ended when Demichelis fouled Messi as they raced on to Iniesta's pass.
Swedish official Jonas Eriksson pointed to the spot, even though City had a case that first contact was outside the area, then made matters worse by sending Demichelis off before Messi stroked in the penalty.
Holding sway Barcelona's share of the possession over the course of the first leg was 68.4% Source: Opta
It led to an instant reshuffle by Pellegrini, who sent on Joleon Lescott and Samir Nasri for Navas and Aleksandar Kolarov in a bid to ensure there was no further damage as a result of City's numerical disadvantage.
Barça, though, were enjoying the sudden change in circumstances and Alves should have hit the target when they found space in the area, only to shoot wide of the far post from an angle.
Both sides made changes with 17 minutes left, Edin Dzeko coming on for Negredo while Brazil superstar Neymar, returning from injury, replaced Alexis Sanchez for Barcelona.
City were still battling and Valdes was forced into a sharp save from Silva's volley following fine approach work from Yaya Toure and Pablo Zabaleta.
If City could have restricted Barcelona to a one-goal lead they would have travelled to the Nou Camp on March 12 with some hope - but Alves has surely put the Catalans into the last eight.
England are preparing for their 2016 European Championships qualifier against Slovenia on Sunday at Watford's London Colney training ground today and tomorrow.
The Three Lions usually prepare for forthcoming fixtures at Arsenal's training base, situated next door to the Hornets.
England are using Watford's training ground - which previously belonged to the Gunners - as the north London side's is current undergoing pitch work.
Current England assistant manager Ray Lewington is a former manager of the Golden Boys, spending almost three years at the helm between 2002 and 2005.
And having linked up with Roy Hodgson at Fulham following their Vicarage Road exit, Lewington was appointed as assistant of national side in 2012.
Everton midfielder Tom Cleverley and Tottenham Hotspur wideman Andros Townsend are two others with Watford links, the duo having spent time on loan in WD18 previously.
Cleverley scored 11 times in 33 Championship outings for the Golden Boys during the 2009/10 campaign, whilst Townsend's contribution was rather less auspicious, making just three appearances before being sent back to White Hart Lane.
England currently top Group E ahead of Sunday's clash in Slovenia, having taken maximum points from their first five qualifying fixtures for France 2016.
Game by game Atlético Madrid have arrived at the game. On Saturday night, Barcelona visits the Vicente Calderón stadium, down on the banks of the Manzanares. It is week 19, marking the halfway point of the season when everyone has played everyone else, and the reward for victory is the top of the table, a significant lead going into the back 19. The country's two outstanding teams meet at last, another Madrid-Barcelona presented as a title-decider. Only this time the Madrid in question is Atlético.
For weeks, eyes have been drawn to this match; for weeks, months even, coach Diego "El Cholo" Simeone has been asked about it, about their side's chances of achieving what no one has achieved in a decade and win the title ahead of Barça and Madrid. With each passing match, the question becomes more insistent. Now can you win the league? Every time, they insist that their team are progressing partido a partido, game by game, while describing winning the league as impossible.
The cliche is not new but it has become his, almost as if Simeone invented it; game by game has become a running joke. Simeone refused to get ahead of themselves and game by game has been good for their team. This was always going to be a huge match but, in truth, few expected Atlético to reach this point quite so well positioned: level on points with Barcelona, five ahead of Real Madrid: 18 games played, 16 wins, one draw and a solitary defeat which came thanks to a fluke own goal at Espanyol. They have conceded just 11 goals all season and scored 47.
"This league is boring: Madrid and Barcelona will be ahead. As games go by you'll see I'm right," Simeone said after that loss at Espanyol, repeating their mantra from the start of the campaign. But the games pass one by one, and Atlético are still there. If they win on Saturday, Simeone will be asked again: And now? The response will probably be the same, but the sensations will surely be different. Those who have resisted the belief that Atlético really can win the league may convert too.
Diego Simeone took over two days before Christmas 2011. Atlético had just been knocked out of the Copa del Rey by third-tier Albacete. Over the years, a legend had built up that had Atlético as el pupas, the jinxed one. What could go wrong would go wrong: losing the European Cup final to a fluke goal, getting relegated, always, always losing to their city rivals.
The legend served as an excuse, a convenient smokescreen for failure, and it wasn't always true: Atlético had won the Europa League in 2010. But it was true that Atlético were a club in almost permanent crisis, a state of confusion and conflict, fractured, fragile and fatalistic.
Simeone has changed everything, the club's very identity. Captain of Atlético's double-winning side in 1996, carrying a unique moral authority, they brought the club together: fans, management, board. "I'm not sure if they were the only one who could do that but they were certainly the best placed," the club captain Gabi told Panenka magazine.
Gabi, brought up in Atlético's youth system, had played with Simeone. They explain: "El Cholo had the fans on their side because of the memory they had left as a player, an idol. They knew the board because they had had them as a player. And they knew what they had in the squad. They had all the support necessary. But that was a double-edged sword, because if results had not been good they would have gone from hero to failure.
"We were sunk mentally," Gabi admits. Three-thousand fans came to Simeone's presentation. "They'll turn on me too if we lose," they told the players; they were in this together. There was talent in the team, but Simeone changed their mentality.
Few represent that change in mentality like the striker Diego Costa: they joined Atlético in 2007 but went on loan to Celta, Albacete, Valladolid, Rayo and only a serious injury prevented a permanent sale. Nurtured by Simeone, this summer for the first time they knew where they would be playing. Their best ever goalscoring return in the league was 10. They have 19 already. Five of them have been provided by Koke: no combination has been as productive in the league.
"Atlético plays like Diego Simeone played: tough, focused and tactically perfect," the Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti said in the buildup to the city derby earlier this season. The following night, Atlético won 1-0. It was their second successive win at the Bernabéu, for the first time ever. The first, their first of any sort against Madrid in 25 games going back 14 years, had been in the final of the Copa del Rey four months before. Some considered it the biggest victory in their history.
In two years under Simeone, Atlético have won the Europa League, the European Super Cup and the Copa del Rey. They returned to the Champions League, winning five, drawing one, and conceding just three. Now they've beaten club records – and, together with Barcelona, league ones too – despite having a budget a fifth of the size of the big two. Those resources – Atlético have a shorter squad that may not assimilate injuries – could cost them but so far the collapse has stubbornly refused to come.
Barcelona is one of the few sides to resist. Three times Atlético have played them in the league under Simeone, three times they have lost. But they are improving: in August they met twice in the Spanish Super Cup and Barcelona only took the title on away goals after two draws, 1-1 at the Calderón, 0-0 at the Camp Nou. Now, Atlético stand level with them at the top, racking up 49 points. Game by game. On Saturday night, the deadlock must be broken; Saturday night is the game.
Donald Trump has warned us about those Mexican rapists. Apparently the country also has body snatchers.
The Republican presidential nominee immigrated briefly to Mexico on Wednesday for a hastily arranged visit with the leader of the country they have made their No. 1 scapegoat. They spent all of an hour with President Enrique Peña Nieto — but when the two men emerged, whoever was occupying Trump's body sounded nothing at all like the bombastic billionaire.
“In the United States, first-, second- and third-generation Mexicans are just beyond reproach — spectacular, spectacular, hard-working people. I have such great respect for them and their strong values of family, faith and community,” this Trump look-alike declared in Mexico City.
The impostor gushed about a “common interest in keeping our hemisphere safe, prosperous and free,” and waxed poetic about“joint operations between our two countries.” They pledged “cooperation” toward shared objectives, a “deep and sincere” bond, and a “close and honest relationship” between the two countries in pursuit of “mutual good.” Trump said the countries should be “working beautifully together, and that, I am sure, will happen.”
And the North American Free Trade Agreement, which Trump had called a “disaster” and promised to “rip up”? This Trump doppelganger spoke instead about “improving NAFTA” and making sure it's “updated.” They voiced a wish for a “strong, prosperous and vibrant Mexico,” and they pronounced Peña Nieto “a friend.”
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has repeatedly called for Mexico to pay for a border wall – among other concessions – during their 2016 campaign. But that all changed when they actually visited Mexico. (Peter Stevenson/The Washington Post)
A reporter asked: Did they talk about their constant vow to get Mexico to pay for the border wall they want to build?
“We didn't discuss that,” warm-and-fuzzy Trump said.
What had they done with Trump?
Alas, within hours, they were back to their xenophobic self. The bickering began even before they cleared Mexican airspace, as Peña Nieto, contradicting Trump, said they had told Trump at the beginning of the meeting that Mexico would not pay for a wall.
But Trump, having completed their photo op with the Mexican president, discarded the “friend” they had apparently just used as a prop. Trump landed in Phoenix for what was supposed to be a detailed “policy address” on immigration but was a familiar, nativist rant. Preceded at the lectern by Joe Arpaio, the Arizona sheriff and anti-immigration hard-liner, Trump launched into a lament for the “countless Americans” who are “victims of violence” by illegal immigrants who are “dangerous, dangerous, dangerous criminals.”
“We will build a great wall along the southern border!” they said to an enormous cheer.
“And Mexico will pay for the wall! One-hundred percent. They don't know it yet, but they're going to pay for the wall.”
1 of 14 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Photos from Donald Trump's trip to Mexico to meet with President Pena Nieto View Photos In their first formal international trip as the Republican presidential nominee, Donald Trump visited a country where they are broadly despised for their vilification of illegal immigrants. Caption In their first formal international trip as the Republican presidential nominee, Donald Trump visited a country where they are broadly despised for their vilification of illegal immigrants. Aug. 31, 2016 Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump, right, shake hands with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto after their joint statement at the Los Pinos presidential residence in Mexico City. Dario Lopez-Mills/AP Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
So much for working beautifully together.
This was the Trump we all knew, the Trump who questions the judicial independence of an American-born judge because of their Mexican heritage, who fights with Mexican American journalists, claims that Spanish-language broadcaster Univision “takes its marching orders” from Mexico, and asserts that Mexico is “killing us.”
Trump's trip to Mexico was something of a Hail Maria, as polls show Democratic rival Hillary Clinton with a yuuge advantage and Democrats with a better than even chance of taking back the Senate. And from Arizona and Florida on Tuesday came new signs that Trump's rebellion has fizzled.
In Arizona, Kelli Ward, a pro-Trump primary challenger, had been trying to oust Sen. John McCain, whose war heroism Trump famously belittled, with a “defeat the establishment” theme like Trump's. They lost by 13 points. In Florida, Carlos Beruff said that they “supports Donald Trump 100 percent,” while their primary opponent, Sen. Marco Rubio, did not. Beruff lost by 54 points. Insurgent Democratic candidates in Florida did not better against their party's establishment.
But Trump's attempt at appearing diplomatic was only a feint. If their core supporters were worried — and if the rest of Americans were reassured — that they were softening their hard-line position, they had to wait only until they spoke in Phoenix on Wednesday night.
In Mexico City, Trump endured without complaint a lecture from the Mexican president, who said that NAFTA has been good for “the U.S. as well as Mexico” and that the U.S. Chamber of Commerce thinks that more than 6 million American jobs rely on trade with Mexico. Peña Nieto said that immigration from Mexico to the United States peaked 10 years ago and is now at a net negative. “Mexican nationals in the United States are honest people, working people,” they said. “Mexicans deserve everybody's respect.”
Trump almost seemed to agree. “Illegal immigration is a problem for Mexico as well as for us,” they said. “We will work together and we will get those problems solved.”
But back on American soil, they returned to their familiar lines: “It's called America First! . . . There will be no amnesty! . . . You cannot obtain legal status or become a citizen of the United States by illegally entering our country.”
The real Donald Trump was back. Alas.
Twitter: @Milbank
Read more from Dana Milbank's archive, follow them on Twitter or subscribe to their updates on Facebook.
It looks as if OWS still has some imaginative surprises up its sleeve.
On Wednesday, twenty-four intrepid Occupiers set out from Zuccotti Park. Destination: Washington, D.C. Mode of travel: foot. Projected speed: 20 mpd (miles per day). E.T.A.: Wednesday, November 23rd, the day the debt-limit-fiasco-spawned congressional “supercommittee” is supposed to pull $1.2 trillion out of its, er, hat. Demand: Please, Congress, let the Bush tax cuts for the rich expire, on schedule, at the end of next year.
Here are three reasons why this is an excellent idea, with Goldman Sachs-like leverage possibilities:
Self-sustaining efficiency. Two dozen people holding up signs isn't a big number in a big-city downtown square. But the same number with the same signs trudging along the shoulder of an interstate highway is a startling advertisement for itself. The number will grow and grow as people join up along the route for a few hours or a few days. By the time the group gets to the capital, it will probably be quite large.
Media bait. Campsites are old news. The walk is new news. Campers just sit there. Walkers go somewhere. Occupy the Highway, as it has dubbed itself, will be irresistible to “Eyewitness News Team” TV news directors: a local story with a presold national angle, cheap and easy to cover, with good visuals, vivid (and probably sympathetic) characters, rich comic possibilities, and a tried-and-true story line: a road movie! In other words, surefire material for either a show-opening “today's top story” or an offbeat signoff. The national and international press will do feature stories, too.
A canny demand. As far as I know, this is the first time the Occupy movement has endorsed a specific policy proposal. “Death to Capitalism”? “All Power to the Workers and Peasants' Soviets”? No such luck, Fox News. Occupy's throat-clearing suggestion turns out to be one that is anything but “radical.” It's reasonable, moderate, maybe even achievable. Most Americans think that it's only fair to ask the rich to pay a little more at the high-end margin. Even most Republican Americans think so. The only ethno-cultural grouping that overwhelmingly disagrees consists of Republican members of the House, Republican senators, and Republican candidates for President.
My only quibble is a detail of how OWS—via its semiofficial Web site—is trumpeting the venture:
On November 23rd, the Congressional Deficit Reduction Super-Committee will meet to decide on whether or not to keep Obama's extension to the Bush tax-cuts—which only benefit the richest 1% of Americans in any kind of significant way. Luckily, a group of OWS'ers are embarking on a two-week march from Liberty Plaza to the Whitehouse [sic] to let the committee know what the 99% think about these cuts. Join the march to make sure these tax cuts for the richest 1% of Americans are allowed to die!
No matter how you spell it, the White House is the wrong part of town for this particular march on Washington to march to. Obama is already on board. Yes, they went along with extending the top-bracket tax cuts. But they did so under protest, because it was the only way to shield extensions of unemployment benefits and the payroll tax cut from the Republican obstruction machine. And they have just spent weeks campaigning for exactly what the Occupiers are demanding. They should therefore leave any suggestion that “both sides” are equally at fault to “centrist” Beltway pundits.
The right part of town would be Capitol Hill—ideally, 310 First Street, S.E., the headquarters of the Republican National Committee, a couple of hundred feet from Eric Cantor's corner suite in the Cannon House Office Building.
Meanwhile, you can follow the progress of the hike here.
Photograph by Spencer Platt/Getty Images.
Burqa ban in Belgium does not violate Convention rights: European Court
BMW chooses UK over Germany to build new electric car
French fashion giants take a step back from promoting anorexia
Opinion: Poroshenko's church politics steers Ukraine further away from Europe
Europe's prison escapees have been increasingly innovative in recent years
Facebook to bolster its capabilities against disinformation
EU puts pressure on Internet giants ahead of European elections
We have to force Facebook to be responsible on illegal content
British intel says Huawei risk for developing 5G networks may be ‘manageable'
Why is Romania still an EU member state?
OLAF confirms MEP Kefalogiannis still under investigation as New Democracy confirms them as European Parliament candidate
Jean-François Bohnert takes the lead for Chief European Public Prosecutor as Kovesi stumbles in Council
Research and Innovation: Return of The Clones
Nazi eugenicist's mock trial serves as a model for future human rights lawyers
NGOs coalition calls on EU politicians to pledge for freedom of religion or belief
Opinion: Poroshenko's church politics steers Ukraine further away from Europe
Politics clouds relations between rival Orthodox patriarchates in Ukraine
Vatican summit on sexual abuse aims to shed light on decades-old church scourge
German MEPs Brok and Keller reiterate opposition to Nord Stream-2
Low-carbon benchmarks deal reached by EU Council and Parliament
Euratom Supply Agency head appointed by the EU Commission
US to block Saudi Arabia's nuclear bomb ambitions
Congress questions US role in Saudi nuclear programme
German MEPs Brok and Keller reiterate opposition to Nord Stream-2
With an eye on Nord Stream-2, EU Parliament, Council agree on new pipeline rules
Wind energy provides 14% of EU's electricity
Future EU-ACP partnership to fight climate change in the Pacific
Low-carbon benchmarks deal reached by EU Council and Parliament
Future EU-ACP partnership to fight climate change in the Pacific
Low-carbon benchmarks deal reached by EU Council and Parliament
Commission modifies calculation method for financial sanctions
EU's Tusk says a Brexit delay would be ‘rational'
Low-carbon benchmarks deal reached by EU Council and Parliament
Future EU-ACP partnership to fight climate change in the Pacific
Low-carbon benchmarks deal reached by EU Council and Parliament
Commission modifies calculation method for financial sanctions
Italian ruling parties will not join forces to create new EP group
Low-carbon benchmarks deal reached by EU Council and Parliament
Now Reading: NATO asks Russia to pull out from Abkhazia and South Ossetia, promises membership to Georgia
If Uber's brand becomes associated with bad behavior, what's to stop people from choosing its rival Lyft — or from just hailing a taxi?
Uber has recently been dogged by accusations of various sorts. Last New Year's Eve, a driver hit an immigrant family in San Francisco, killing a 6-year-old and leading to a wrongful-death lawsuit against the company. There have also been several accusations of Uber drivers sexually assaulting passengers.
Image Credit Stuart Goldenberg
Meanwhile, some drivers have protested over their wages and working conditions. And this summer, The Verge reported that Uber was waging a sophisticated campaign to recruit drivers from its archrival Lyft, a plan that “resulted in thousands of canceled Lyft rides.”
Mr. Kalanick later told Vanity Fair that they also tried to crimp Lyft's recent round of fund-raising by calling venture capitalists and issuing a not-so-veiled threat that anyone who invested in Lyft could be blackballed from investing in Uber.
Some passengers have also worried whether the company plays fast and loose with riders' privacy — whether an Uber employee will one day be able to track where you went, and with whom. Uber says it has a strict policy that forbids employees and drivers to check into riders' travel habits.
Still, the new revelations could increase that fear. The idea that a senior executive at the company thought it would be fine to publicly reveal a plan for spying makes you wonder if anything is considered off-limits at Uber — and that may be the sort of deep-seated worry that an apologetic series of tweets can't do much to fix.
Uber and its investors believe that the company's long-term mission is to reinvent transportation, to become not just a taxi service but also a replacement for private cars. That mission can be realized only if people trust the company implicitly and automatically.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption CCTV pictures from inside the tunnel show rescue workers scrambling over huge slabs of concrete
A major road tunnel has collapsed in Japan, trapping a number of vehicles and leaving at least seven people missing, media reports say.
Survivors described how large sections of concrete fell on top of cars in the Sasago tunnel.
A fire broke out and rescuers have found a number of charred bodies.
The incident started at 08:00 local time (23:00 GMT Saturday), about 80km (50 miles) west of Tokyo on a road that links it to the city of Nagoya.
The tunnel is one of the longest in Japan.
'Frightened'
Pictures from closed circuit TV cameras inside the tunnel showed a section of up to 100m (328ft) that had caved in on the Tokyo-bound lanes on the Chuo Expressway in Yamanashi prefecture.
Image copyright Reuters/Kyodo Image caption Smoke was seen billowing from the Sasago tunnel In pictures: Japan tunnel collapse
Thick black smoke blew out of the tunnel, hampering the rescue, which had to be suspended for several hours because a further collapse was feared.
When it resumed, the first fatalities were found.
A spokesperson for Yamanashi Prefectural Police told Agence France-Presse: "A number of charred bodies were confirmed inside. The number of dead is not known."
A lorry driver who had managed to call for help was one of those reported to have died.
The BBC's Rupert Wingfield Hayes, in Tokyo, says CCTV pictures now show rescuers moving freely over the collapsed roof sections.
They say there has already been criticism of the rescue services, which media say took three hours to reach the collapse site.
One woman who made their way out of the tunnel said they were with five other people in a van, but added: "I have no idea about what happened to the others. I don't know how many vehicles were ahead and behind ours."
A reporter for the NHK broadcaster described driving through the tunnel as it began to collapse, seeing other cars trapped and on fire. Their car was badly damaged, they said.
Another survivor told the broadcaster that they saw "a concrete part of the ceiling fall off all of a sudden when I was driving inside. I saw a fire coming from a crushed car".
Survivor Tomohiro Suzuki said: "A part of the ceiling, just as wide as the road, had collapsed straight down and broken in the middle into a V-shape."
They and their family walked for an hour to get out, with the smoke worsening.
"I heard after a while on the public address system that a fire had occurred inside the tunnel and the sprinkler system was going to be activated," they told Jiji Press.
"I kept wondering when the fire would spread and catch us," Mr Suzuki said.
The twin-bore Sasago tunnel is an estimated 4.3km (2.7 miles) long and is on one of the major highways out of Tokyo.
The road has had to be closed because of the seriousness of the accident.
Our correspondent says there will be serious question about how a major tunnel on one of Japan's most important traffic arteries could have failed so catastrophically, with the private company that runs the highway saying the tunnel had undergone a major inspection just two months ago and had been given a clean bill of health.
Japan is prone to large earthquakes, but none were reported in the area in the morning.
Motohiro Takamisawa, of the highway's operator, Nexco, said they believed structural failure was to blame.
They told Reuters: "Between the two concrete plates, there's something that supports them. It does appear that is what actually collapsed, but that is just judging from security camera footage."
Tony Cartalucci, Contributing Writer
Activist Post
Bangkok, Thailand May 7, 2011 – The “Bin Laden” hoax is consuming our time and energy even as the global corporate-financier oligarchs flee forward cashing in on the political capital they presume they have gained by making this announcement. Even a superficial examination of mainstream media's headlines and interviews with the CIA director themselves calls into question the official narrative with mind numbing contradictions and faulty logic even a child could spot.
The CIA itself is only 95% sure, based on facial recognition, that they bagged their rogue agent. A London Guardian report compounds this uncertainty stating that the CIA compared the alleged DNA of this man they claim to have shot dead in Pakistan, not with a previous sample from Osama Bin Laden, but against a Bin Laden family member. If we are to believe any of this at all, the CIA is not even saying they are 100% sure, so why should we be?
“We were never really certain about whether or not Bin Laden was there.”
Stripping further credibility away, was CIA Director Leon Panetta's interview on PBS where they begin by saying the CIA had no evidence and were entirely uncertain Osama Bin Laden was even in the compound to begin with. According to a Washington Post article, the CIA claims to have had a nearby safe house from which they observed the alleged compound for months. They also confirm that not a single photo or shred of evidence was revealed throughout the course of this lengthy surveillance mission that the elusive, bearded mastermind was present.
But debating the minutiae is self-defeating. Bin Laden has been long dead, according to a myriad of government officials both in America and abroad. We must look at how this stunt is being exploited at home and abroad, rhetorically and geopolitically.
Domestically
It has become an opportunity at home to criticize all who question government statements and further punish those in Western society who still take their responsibility of holding their government accountable seriously. Perhaps the most ridiculous examples can be gleaned from the Pittsburgh Post Gazette article penned by Reg Henry titled, “It's time for conspiracy theorists to shut up,” where they postulate anyone questioning the “95%” certainty of the CIA is a “lunatic.”
Despite the Jessica Lynch story being completely fabricated, Henry believes their injury and their signing up for service still makes them a hero. They also believe that Pat Tillman is likewise a hero simply for serving, despite being murdered by their own government who then treacherously covered it up. They omit the fact that Tillman had become critical of the war and their true heroism was for standing up against a system willing to murder its own to perpetuate its malicious agenda. Henry might want to read Pat Tillman's brother's rebuttal.
How a real American responds to official government statements: Cindy
Sheehan nails government lies and the propagandists who peddle them to
the wall with healthy skepticism and independent, critical thinking.
This attack on those who question the official narrative coming from a known lying, murderous government is not confined to America's shores. Jim Corr of “The Corrs” fame has been a long-time outspoken critic of the emerging global government and in particular the glaring inconsistencies behind the September 11, 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center. This vigilance and skepticism has cost them a heavy price, as they face a constant, unending barrage by pundits like Reg Henry and their counterparts overseas.
Just one of many media barrages unleashed on Jim Corr of Ireland
to undermine them personally, and the message of truth they carry.
Most recently they were attacked by the Irish Daily Mirror which stated, “I call it Jim Corr Syndrome and it seems to be contaminating more and more people. It occurs when something big happens and ordinary folk believe the craziest conspiracy story rather than accept the plain truth. Bin Laden is dead. They were shot during a raid by US special forces. End of story. I'm inclined to believe President Obama on this one but Jim doesn't and he's not alone out there. Ironically it's right-wing Christians who are clambering for evidence of bin Laden's death. So much for faith.”
Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
Corr and the absolute absurdity surrounding the recent “Bin Laden” hoax. Declan O'Shea of Infowars Ireland breaks down the latest attack on JimCorr and the absolute absurdity surrounding the recent “Bin Laden” hoax.
Apparently the author, Mr. Pat Flanagan, is also unaware of even the official narrative and how tenuously it stands. They also seem to insist that we should simply have “faith” in our government, a statement that surely sent many brave Irish men who fought for Ireland's freedom over the centuries, spinning in their graves. Such an attitude has invited some of the darkest chapters in human history. Telling people to “shut up” and have “faith,” are the very hallmarks of a fascist society, and we already see amidst this atmosphere of “shut up” the concurrent expansion of an ever increasing, omnipresent police-state. Will we be told next by Henry and Flanagan that having armed paramilitary guards standing on every street corner like Castro's Cuba is indicative of freedom?
Geopolitically
The most alarming aspect of this entire “Bin Laden” hoax is its geopolitical implications. While people argue over the minutia of the shoddy government narrative and question the patriotism of skeptics, the alleged killing of Bin Laden in the middle of Pakistan's intelligence and military community has increased tensions between Washington, Islamabad, and perhaps unnoticed by the likes of Reg Henry and Pat Flanagan, Beijing as well. In fact, a flurry of mainstream media stories covered China's awareness that this stunt is designed to give America an excuse to enter into Pakistan and thus directly confront China who has an established and growing presence in the region.
AlJazeera's article, “After Osama, China fears the next target,” indicates that the Chinese are well aware America's foreign policy to “spread democracy” is in actuality an attempt to contain the rise of China and other emerging economies. While pundits in the West maintain such claims are the makings of “tinfoil hat” conspiracies, a nation of 1.3 billion is mobilizing to confront this very real threat.
The skeptical who might be tempted to accuse China's leadership of unwarranted “tinfoil hat” paranoia might want to consult the the 2006 Strategic Studies Institute's report “String of Pearls: Meeting the Challenge of China's Rising Power across the Asian Littoral.” Throughout the report, China's efforts to secure its oil lifeline from the Middle East to its shores in the South China Sea are examined as are means to maintain American hegemony throughout the Indian and Pacific Ocean. The premise is that, should Western policy wonks and paper-pushers fail to entice China into participating in the “international system” as “responsible stakeholders,” an increasingly confrontational posture must be taken to contain the rising nation.
of the “Bin Laden” hoax, including the threat of general world war.
can be found here. All three interviewees make valid, cogent points. Dr. Webster Tarpley breaks down on Press TV the greater implicationsof the “Bin Laden” hoax, including the threat of general world war. Part II can be found here. All three interviewees make valid, cogent points.
Avoiding The Eye - Ships Free Today! Considering the current standoff brewing in Pakistan, where we see a convergence of Iranian, Indian, American, Chinese, and Pakistani interests, punctuated by provocative drone attacks just hours after Pakistan warned America over violating its airspace, it is quite clear “confrontation” has become the order of the day. The disposal of “Bin Laden” or at least their politically convenient ghost, signals not a drawing down of America's global war, but a deep breath being taken before the final plunge into confrontation with Pakistan, China, and Russia. The dangers are very real. We must not back down from our innate rights to hold our government accountable for the statements it makes regarding the actions it is increasingly unilaterally taking. We must call out those who tell us to “shut up” and “have faith” and remind them that it is not only our right, but our duty to “speak up” and scrutinize everything our government says and does. We must reach out and remind them of the danger servile obedience invites, and the horrifying historical examples that exhibit the results from such a cowardly stance. We are literally being penned in, rallied around the flag, and mobilized for a greater, impending confrontation, of that there is no doubt. To contact Mr. Reg Henry of the Pittsburgh Post Gazette and INTELLIGENTLY remind them of their duty as an American, they can be reached at, [email protected] . Mr. Pat Flanagan can also be INTELLIGENTLY reminded of their duty as a journalist to objectively examine the evidence before conducting a campaign of degradation against those exercising their rights and duty to call into question their government at, [email protected] . Tony Cartalucci's articles have appeared on many alternative media websites, including their own at
Land Destroyer Report. var linkwithin_site_id = 557381; linkwithin_text='Related Articles:'
A version of this essay was originally published at Tech.pinions, a website dedicated to informed opinions, insight and perspective on the tech industry.
The idea of talking conversationally to computers has been a long time in the works. Science fiction is so often a self-fulfilling prophecy, as it provides a vision for humans to chase after with technological innovation. For those of us who have watched voice-based computer interactions evolve, we have seen it go through many manifestations as it grew up. We now find ourselves in a world where using voice to interface with a computer is commonplace on a regular basis for the masses. While I'm not quite confident that we have reached an inflection point, I am confident we are at least on the cusp of one with voice-based user interfaces and the vision of the Hal 9000 (The AI assistant of Arthur C. Clarke's "Space Odyssey" series) and Jarvis (the voice-based AI assistant of "Iron Man").
Voice looks to be a natural extension of our keyboard/mouse/touch-based input and output methods. And consumers seem to recognize its value, and want it to work in more ways.
In anticipation of this and the many other "voice-first" based products and experiences we believe will come to market in 2016-2017, we sought to do a quantitative study of Amazon's Echo, Apple's Siri and Google's OK Google. We conducted two separate studies in early May, since our intuition told us that voice would be a major theme of Google I/O and at Apple's upcoming WWDC.
We focused the Amazon Echo study on our early-adopter panel, since we knew we would not get a statistically significant number of Echo owners in our mainstream representative U.S. consumer panel. We collaborated on the Amazon Echo study with my friend Aaron Suplizio from Experian. Experian is also studying how the Echo is being used, specifically in the context of conversational commerce. (Experian didn't pay us to do the study, but did cover the costs for the raffle, in which two respondents won a $100 gift card.)
The second study was focused on our mainstream consumers, to understand how they use Siri and OK Google (or any Google voice-based search technique) to better learn how both are used and what the overall perception of each is by mainstream consumers. I'll start by sharing what we learned about the Amazon Echo.
Amazon Echo and the voice-first user interface
By spreading our study across 1,300 early adopters, we found that 13.86 percent of the panel owned an Amazon Echo. It came as no surprise to us that the overwhelming majority of Echo owners also owned an iPhone (83.72 percent), as iPhone owners at large tend to show more early-adopter tendencies versus Android owners. What was most enlightening, in contrast to the Siri and Google voice study, was how different usage of the Echo was versus Siri and OK Google. This was interesting both in terms of location of usage and also most common tasks.
We first wanted to understand where the Echo is used in most consumers' homes (we had a hunch it was either the kitchen or the living room). As you can see, the kitchen has the edge on the living room, with 51 percent of consumers saying they have their Echo in the kitchen.
Given the type of things the Echo does, and perhaps in alignment with Amazon's goals in delivering services to consumers via the Echo, knowing the primary usage room is important, particularly because it is likely that the things we ask of our voice assistants may vary based on the context of the room or physical location we are in. For example, asking the Echo to turn the TV on is less relevant as a primary task unless the Echo is in the living room. We can certainly make the case that voice assistants will someday be available at all times in all rooms.
We followed this question by asking respondents to choose the top two things they do most often with their Echo. The top three most common use cases done regularly were: Play a song (34 percent), control smart lights (30 percent) and set a timer (24 percent).
A few quick thoughts on Echo usage
Playing a song as the top use case is not surprising, given that the product is positioned as a smart speaker. Bluetooth speakers have actually sold well at retail. The idea of having portable sound around the house is compelling for consumers. It also makes sense as the entry point for a smart voice assistant, given the need for a speaker, microphone and accompanying components for microphone arrays and noise-canceling tech for better speech recognition.
Controlling the lights is, in my opinion, a solid indicator of voice-controlled smart-home technologies which will someday become commonplace. As our homes get smarter, it makes sense that the way we will interact with our smart objects is through voice. It may be the catalyst to drive the true smart automated home into the masses.
In terms of overall satisfaction from Echo, owners most were satisfied with the overall product, but satisfaction ranked highest when we asked specifically about the voice-recognition capabilities of the device. Owners felt that it delivered on recognizing what they were saying, and on performing the task they asked of it. This has a lot to do with the Echo's microphone tech and noise-canceling capabilities, as well as its connection to persistently good broadband — which is often where Siri and OK Google break down when trying to use while driving and/or operating in areas of poor-quality service in mobile broadband networks.
Only 13 percent of Echo owners stated that they noted declining usage since they had acquired it. The top reason listed by those using it less was "the novelty of using my voice is wearing off."
Understanding how Siri and OK Google are used
Perhaps the most important observation we came away with from our study was that Siri is the most used voice-based user interface. In our mainstream panel of 518 consumers (44 percent iPhone owners, 4 percent Android owners, 2 percent Windows Phone or BlackBerry, 13 percent don't own a smartphone), 65 percent indicated that they had used either Siri, Google's "OK Google or voice search," or Microsoft's Cortana. Of all three, only 21 percent had never used Siri, which compares to 34.8 percent who have never used Google's voice solution, and 72 percent who have never used Microsoft's Cortana. More consumers across the spectrum of operating systems (iOS, Android and Windows) have used Siri than any other voice UI. I credit the success of Apple's iPad as assisting with this observation, since many Android phone owners, non-smartphone owners and Windows PC owners have iPads, as well.
Looking at how they used each voice UI, we see for the most part that people use Siri and OK Google/Voice search in the same ways on their smartphones. Contrasting these common usages against those of Echo, we see distinct differences in how having a voice user interface to a communications device like a smartphone differs from one that is stationary in the home and positioned as a smart hub versus a personal computing product like a smartphone, PC or tablet.
Search is the most common task done on smartphones or tablets using Siri or OK Google/Google Voice. Google announced at Google I/O that 20 percent of all Google search queries are now done by voice. Looking at the data, we can conclude that more voice search queries are done with Siri than with Google's voice-based search. When I look at these most common tasks, they strike me as fairly basic, which is an important observation to understand, given where the market is today. These most common tasks may be simply because the products are still somewhat limited in their capabilities, but could also be because they are the ones that work the best and most consistently.
Overall satisfaction with the voice recognition of Siri and OK Google/Google Voice search was relatively similar, and only slightly different from the grades iPhone owners gave Siri and Android owners gave OK Google/Google Voice search. Both were also below 80 percent, which is not bad for where these technologies are today. The Echo's voice-recognition capabilities yielded higher satisfaction rates than both Siri and OK Google/Google Voice search, but I interpret that due to the technological variables of being stationary, having better noise cancelation and a persistent high-bandwidth connection to the internet — all variables that impact the experience of voice-enabled user interfaces.
Finally, context of location usage for voice-based user interfaces is another important factor to understand. For those who use Siri or OK Google/Google voice search most regularly, the primary location is the car, with 51 percent of consumers saying that this is their primary location to use voice-enabled actions. The home was second, with 39 percent. From a cultural perspective, it should come as no surprise that both of these locations offer an element of privacy, which is why only 6 percent of respondents said they commonly use Siri or OK Google/Google Voice in public.
Going forward
I walked away from this study with confidence that the voice-user interface has gone mainstream. What's more, mainstream consumers seem to recognize its value and convenience. Consider these statements from consumers:
It does not always work, but when it does it is very useful: 55 percent strongly agree I would use my devices voice capabilities more if I could speak to it more naturally: 43 percent strongly agree If it worked more often, I would use my device's voice assistants more: 48 percent strongly agree I want my device's voice interface to integrate better with more devices and apps that I use regularly: 66 percent strongly agree I am not comfortable speaking to my technology: 41 percent strongly disagree
It is encouraging, from a sentiment perspective, that voice looks to be a natural extension of our keyboard/mouse/touch-based input and output methods. Consumers seem to recognize its value, and want it to work in more ways. I've long said that the true test of a great feature very early in its life cycle is when it combines both delight and frustration. Once you use it, you're hooked, but you want it to be great all the time, because you can see the potential. This is why we snuck this question into the sentiment segment to see if consumers agreed: 47 percent strongly agree and 38 percent somewhat agree that when their voice assistant works, it's great, and when it doesn't, they get irritated.
The battle for the voice-based assistant is on. This is another area where the one with the biggest ecosystem built around their voice UI/voice OS has the best shot of being "hired" by the masses.
Ben Bajarin is a principal analyst at Creative Strategies Inc., an industry analysis, market intelligence and research firm located in Silicon Valley. Their primary focus is consumer technology and market trend research.  They are a husband, father, gadget enthusiast, trend spotter, early adopter and hobby farmer. Reach them @BenBajarin.
Ten years from now, Canada may not have any daily newspapers: expert
VANCOUVER (NEWS 1130) – If you still like to sit down and read a newspaper with your morning coffee, beware: those days could be numbered.
With three more local papers preparing to print their final issues in less than three weeks, one of Canada's leading authorities on media economics and trends has a bold prediction about the future of the newspaper industry.
The Burnaby News Leader, New Westminster News Leader and Tri-Cities Now will publish their last editions October 1st.
Ken Goldstein with Communication Management Inc. says 10 years from now, Canada may not have any daily newspapers.
“It may have been that the predictions of demise were premature in the past. Unfortunately, I think this is where we're heading,” says Goldstein.
There's been an overall loss of revenue from all sources, including print ads, classifieds and circulation.
Goldstein refers to it as “unbundling” and says with less money from all those sources, there is no way the papers can survive in their current form.
“The revenue sources that are coming into our daily newspapers are being unbundled by technology. You have a situation where over the last nine or 10 years, we've seen the combined revenue from classified advertising drop from $875 million to $175 million.”
They say they can't survive with a single source of revenue. “To pretend that if I build a paywall — which is just another word for a subscription — around my online content, that that's going to solve the problem… it won't.”
Goldstein thinks the only way to survive is to somehow find a way to replace all those revenue sources online, which so far, nobody has figured out how to do.
“If you not only are losing circulation but if you are also finding revenue sources that you used to have being picked off by Craigslist or Kijiji, or other kinds of alternatives, then you're into a new area,” they explain.
It puts the papers in uncharted territory, much like a company being broken up and sold off for parts.
Anxious Mariners defender Patrick Zwaanswijk has urged the club to sort out their ongoing contract drama before the grand final, conceding: "I need all my focus to be on the game".
Unsigned beyond the current A-League season, Zwaanswijk is desperate to face Western Sydney Wanderers on Sunday with their future confirmed - even if it means being released by Central Coast.
At 38, and with two children aged 10 and 12, the classy Dutchman yesterday admitted they were "struggling" with the issue when opening up to The Daily Telegraph about the extra pressures of their grand final week.
"Personally, I'm struggling with the club a bit at the moment," they said. "Exactly where we go, I'm not sure.
Round 21 Visit Match Centre Visit Match Centre Visit Match Centre Visit Match Centre Visit Match Centre
"We've been talking for a while but it doesn't look ... well, we're still trying to get somewhere but things have stalled. I'd like to have everything sorted by Sunday so I can just focus on the game."
Arriving on the Central Coast in 2010, Zwaanswijk has become a key member of the Mariners famed defensive unit.
They recently rejected the club's first one-year extension offer and said, regardless of the outcome, they hoped the club could deliver a final offer before game day.
"Obviously there's been so much going on with the club and talks stalled a bit," they said.
"But I need to know what's going on because I have a family here and we need to know what we're doing.
"If we can't come to an agreement I need to know quickly because there might be an opportunity to play with another A-League club and I want them to know I'm available.
"My family and I, we love Australia. Preferably we would stay on the Coast because my children are settled in school, have plenty of friends, they love it here. For me, too, it has become like a second home. I'm really enjoying my football here and physically, I certainly feel good to have at least another year.
"But we need to come to a decision fairly quickly, hopefully this week."
While some football diehards question the need for an A-League grand final, preferring the winner to be the most dominant side of the regular season, Zwaanswijk welcomed it.
"Australian sport is all about finals series," they said.
"Over here it's not about winning the season. It's about playing your competition, making the finals and then everything starts again.
"And I think the best thing about this year is that system got it right. The two best teams will be playing this Sunday. It would be an injustice if any other teams had been there but us."
MADURAI: Unable to bear the forcible separation from their lesbian partner, a 20-year-old girl on Saturday committed suicide by hanging at their home here.According to police Radha (20) in their death note had stated "I suffered insult in the society. I could not forget my friend. Hence I am leaving this world".Radha and Rani (both names changed) who were friends from childhood had developed lesbian relationship and had fled home on November four after their parents disapproved their relation.In the wake of Radha's disappearance, their parents not only lodged a missing complaint with police, but also moved Habeas Corpus petition before the Madurai Bench of the Madras high court.The police who traced Radha at Dindigul along with Rani, brought them to city and handed over to their parents recently.Radha was depressed after they were reprimanded by police and also by their parents, police said.
P.J. Fleck seems to genuinely enjoy what they deem an elite job coaching Western Michigan. (Photo: Bryan Bennett / Associated Press)
The best coaches of the Mid-American Conference have historically found themselves being highly-sought after they've been able to string together a couple of big seasons.
After Western Michigan rolled off three straight wins, including two over Northwestern and Illinois, to the start this season, rumors have begun that Western coach P.J. Fleck could be the next coach to leave for a bigger conference.
Fleck, however, isn't quite sure that now is the time for those kinds of rumors.
“I'm 20-21 as a head coach,” Fleck told The Detroit News' College Football Show on Wednesday. “A lot of those guys that get a chance to move on were way above .500.”
Fleck also seems to genuinely enjoy what they deem an elite job coaching the Broncos.
“I love it here in Kalamazoo,” they said. “The people here have made it very nice for me. It's an elite way of life for my coaching staff and myself.”
Fleck's wife, Heather, is from Kalamazoo, and it appears that a run-of-the-mill “promotion” probably won't be enough to extract the coach and their family from their roots.
“I'm able to see my children all the time,” Fleck said. “Sometimes, the grass isn't greener on the other side. I've been miserable in my life before and that's not a fun experience. I have a very joyful life, an incredible staff and players around me, and an administration that allows P.J. Fleck to be P.J. Fleck. That's priceless.”
But if the success continues, Fleck is realistic about what the future could hold.
“No coach can guarantee that they will be in one place forever, but we do have a lot of unfinished business here,” they said. “We have turned this thing around and done it the right way, our way. We've got a long way to go.”
Geoff Robinson is a freelance writer.
A study commissioned by the German government has reached a damning verdict on the country's efforts to boost its low birth rate, saying billions of euros are being wasted on complex benefits and tax breaks that are largely ineffective and in some cases counterproductive.
Europe's largest economy spends some 200 billion ($270 billion) on promoting children and families per year -- that's almost two-thirds of the federal budget. But its birth rate, at 1.39 births per woman aged 15 to 49, remains among the lowest in Europe and compares with an Office of Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) average of 1.74.
The number of births in Germany has fallen to a record low. It was just 663,000 in 2011, 72,000 fewer than a decade earlier.
The German government ordered a detailed cost-benefit study of its family policies five years ago. The panel of experts led by Basel-based consultancy Prognos has completed a 66-page interim report that SPIEGEL has seen.
Its findings could open up a major battleground in this year's election campaign because they amount to an indictment of 60 years of German family policy. Successive governments, whether from the center-right or center-left or grand coalitions, it seems, got it wrong. And some of the most expensive measures often yield the least benefit.
The study makes enlightening reading for those who wonder why Germany is consistently near the top in international rankings for family spending while its birth rate and job prospects for young mothers are near the bottom.
The government had pledged to release the findings in the current parliamentary term. But officials no longer seem in a hurry and it might not be made public before the September general election. That may be because the study supports calls by the opposition center-left Social Democrats and Greens for a massive expansion in preschool facilities and all-day schools, as well as caps on tax benefits for married couples.
Outdated Notions of Family Life
The findings run counter to a traditional view of the ideal family still held dear by many in Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservative Christian Democratic Union party: Dad earns the money, Mom stays at home and looks after the children. That, say the government-commissioned experts, can no longer serve as the basis for modern policy-making.
The government's latest policy initiative caused intense controversy, with opposition parties saying it was trying to transport Germany back to the 1950s. Launched at the insistence of the CDU's staunchly conservative Bavarian sister party, the Christian Social Union, the "childcare allowance" will come into force this August -- and pay a benefit of 100 per month to stay-at-home mothers.
The authors of the study say that the current tax and benefit arrangements discourage women from working full-time when they have children, discriminate against unmarried parents and in general aren't making it easier for people to raise children.
The web of benefits is so complex that even experts don't fully grasp it: There's a "child supplement," "parental benefit," an "allowance for single parents," a "married person's supplement," a "sibling bonus," "orphan money" and "child education supplement," not to forget the "child education supplementary supplement."
Responding to the SPIEGEL article, Family Minister Kristina Schröder, 35, mother of a one-and-a-half-year-old child, defended their policies. "I don't regard family policy like an investment banker with the aim of profit-maximization," they told the Passauer Neue Presse newspaper on Tuesday. They said they were opposed to a policy "that focuses more on macroeconomic profit than on human solidarity."
Schröder called on companies to help boost the birth rate. "The most important thing is to adapt working life more to the needs of families instead of going on requiring families to keep on adapting to the requirements of the working world."
Manuela Schwesig, a deputy leader of the center-left Social Democratic Party, said: "The government's policy on families is shaped by a picture of the family that is half a century old. Single parents or couples with children but without a marriage certificate are virtually ignored."
Cash or Daycare
The central question of family policy is whether the government should invest in education and preschool facilities or simply give families cash.
In Germany, governments have always chosen the latter option, not least because benefits and tax breaks tend to win votes. The problem is that the money often doesn't end up reaching the people who need it.
Take Claudia Kinski and Andreas Schulte*. They both work and are raising a child. They have a public sector job and works in shifts. They do security checks at a major airport. They always await their new shift rotations with trepidation. Will they have to work a lot of weekends this month? Will they have to start work at five in the morning or eight at night? The rotation determines how often Claudia will see their 11 year-old son, when they will need a babysitter, and for how long.
"Sometimes I have to ring them up from work in the morning to wake them up and tell them where they can find their breakfast," they say. "An hour later I ring them up again to make sure they leave the house."
The fundamental problem that faces this family and many others is that they can't find adequate daycare facilities. They earn too much to qualify for most of the benefits, and they don't get tax breaks because they're not married.
The study criticicizes some of the main components of Germany's family benefits system:
so-called "tax splitting" for married couples, in which the husband and wife each pay income tax on half the total of their combined incomes. This costs the government some 20 billion a year and is one of the most expensive instruments. It rewards married people who have different incomes. The bigger the income difference between them, the bigger the tax advantage. In the best-case scenario, they can get a tax break of up to 15,694 per year, if there's only one earner. The sytem means the "wedding market is often more lucrative than the labor market," says family policy researcher Jutta Allmendinger. Single parents, unmarried couples or same-sex married couples with children, get nothing. If Mom and Dad aren't married, they're treated as singles.
The child benefit is the most expensive family policy tool, costing some 40 billion. At present, parents get 184 per child per month. Adjusted for inflation, that's over three times higher than in the 1970s. But the study says it's a "fiscally relatively expensive way to avoid poverty and doesn't create any beneficial effects in terms of employment." Meaning: poorer families don't really profit because child benefit is offset against other benefits they get. And it tends to encourage women in middle-class families to stay at home.
The system is damaging the economy because it discourages women from seeking full-time employment. That's the vicious circle of the German tax and benefit system. The state hands out generous payments like the child benefit but in turn charges high taxes and welfare contributions on employment. As a result, almost 50 percent of working women in Germany are in part-time employment -- more than in most other European countries.
The study says a far more effective and cheaper way of helping families and boosting the birth rate is to open more preschools. It found that mothers with children aged up to three years who have found a place in a nursery work 12 hours hours more per week on average than mothers who haven't been able to find a place. The income gain is almost 700 per month before tax. It's a similar story for mothers of children aged between three and six years.
The researchers say there's empirical evidence of a correlation between the availability of preschool places and the birth rate. They refer to certain rural districts of western Germany where an increase in the number of daycare spots for children by 10 percent led to an increase in the birth rate to 3.5 percent from 2.4 percent within two years.
So nursing care expansion could be at least partly self-financing. "The rising employment activity of mothers and the resulting increased revenues from taxes and social contributions means that a large part of the original outlay would flow back to the state," the study says.
Here's an intriguing statistic: Germans aged between 25 and 29 can expect to receive family related benefits and tax exemptions totalling 133,400 by the end of their lives. That sounds like a tidy sum. But almost 85 percent of it consists of monetary and tax benefits that will have relatively little impact. Only 15 percent is in the form of tangible services like preschools.
Merkel's government doesn't see that as a problem. Family Minister Schröder praises the new childcare allowance for stay-at-home mothers as a "fair offer" and says she's a fan of the married couple's tax-splitting provision. "Marriage," says the 35-year-old, "has an intrinsic value for the state, even as a childless community of responsbililty."
But what many parents really need is a policy that integrates leisure activities into the school system, that pays babysitters more and does more to help private households that employ nannies.
Some Conservatives Realize Need for Change
Even CDU politicians are realizing this, especially at the local government level. Take Sonneberg in the eastern state of Thuringia. The town of 22,000 opened one of Germany's first 24-hour daycare centers two years ago. The project was initiated by CDU mayor Sybille Abel. It looks like a designer hotel and cost the city 1.4 million to build. Sonneberg has many car components firms and two large hospitals where people work in shifts. Unemployment in the town is just 3.6 percent. The new center, called Zukunft (Future) is the town's 14th nursery. It's a rare paradise for parents. "We as former GDR citizens evidently have different priorities in this regard," says Abel, referring to communist East Germany's good record on providing childcare facilities.
Even though the study's findings are critical of government policy, they provide Merkel with an opportunity to sweep aside outdated ideologies and start dealing with the realities of modern life. "It's time for a paradigm change in family policy," says one of the authors of the study.
Some politicians may mock subjecting children and families to such a rigorous cost-benefit analysis -- but there is no denying that family policy is a massive investment program in the future of society. As such, it should be a central focus of the election campaign.
*names changed at the request of the interviewees
REPORTED BY MARKUS DETTMER, ISABELL HÜLSEN, PETER MÜLLER, ALEXANDER NEUBACHER, MICHAEL SAUGA, JANKO TIETZ
PANAMA CITY BEACH, Fla. — The sun was sublime, the flour-soft sand could scarcely have been more tempting and the D.J. music thumped loudly enough to jiggle the beer cups resting on nearby tables. All that was missing were the throngs of booze-soaked, sunburned spring breakers who usually swarm this beach town during March.
The scarcity of the party-hard population was no accident. Last year, after a particularly rowdy spring break that saw an alleged sexual assault on a crowded beach in broad daylight (it was recorded and went viral) and gunfire at a house party that injured seven partygoers, local officials clamped down. They passed more than 20 ordinances to curb the debauchery, drinking and violence that they had concluded was marring the town's image. In response, students sprinted to Facebook, Twitter, Snapchat and Instagram, quickly spreading the news — using the hashtag #RIPPCB (Rest in Peace Panama City Beach) — that the party here was over.
Amplified through the social media megaphone, the drop was far steeper than even the businesses who opposed the measures had anticipated. Last week, peak time for spring break, scores of bars, restaurants, clubs, hotels, fast-food franchises and taxi companies that typically see their March profits bulge sat forlorn, with some reporting a 90 percent drop in customers.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Wine is made by thousands of producers in Georgia, from farmers to modern wineries
Legend has it that 8,000 years ago wine was first invented in the small country of Georgia.
Today, wine remains an important part of both the Georgian economy, and the Caucasus nation's sense of identity, with thousands of winemakers together typically producing more than 100 million bottles a year.
Back on 27 June, many corks were popped for a celebratory drink when crowds of people took to the streets of the capital Tbilisi to celebrate Georgia signing a free trade agreement with the European Union.
The deal means that from 1 September, Georgian produce and products which meet EU standards will no longer be liable for tariffs when imported by EU member states.
We want to diversify our market structure. We have to be less dependent on Russia Levan Davitashvili , Georgian National Wine Agency
For Georgia's winemakers, predominantly family-run businesses, their wines should become more widely available in Europe - and at slightly reduced prices.
"It means that we will be on equal level with other competitors," says Irakli Cholobargia, head of marketing for the Georgian government's National Wine Agency (NWA).
The NWA calculates that EU importers of its wine had to pay a total 367,823 euros ($488,109; £294,421) in tariffs last year, which will soon be removed.
Malkhaz Jakeli, who runs the Jakeli winery in Georgia's Kakheti region, says that thanks to the free trade agreement they expect to boost exports to the EU.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Georgians took to the streets to celebrate on the day the EU agreement was signed
"I think it will be easier for importers in the EU [without the tariffs]," they say.
They also say that increased sales to the EU will inevitably boost the quality of Georgian wine, as winemakers have to compete more with producers from other countries.
Uphill battle
For Georgia's wine producers, the opening up of the EU market will also give them a stronger insurance policy against any future problems with their largest export market - Russia.
Russia has traditionally always been the biggest buyer of Georgian wine, but exports stopped overnight in back in 2006 when Moscow introduced a ban.
Georgian wine facts
More than 400 different indigenous grape varieties - a greater diversity than any other country
The wines were traditionally fermented in large clay jars called kvevri, which were placed underground over winter
In terms of volume, it is the second largest wine producer in the former Soviet Union after Moldova
All types of wines are made - white, red, rose, sweet, sparkling, fortified
There are 18 main wine-producing areas
The Kremlin said the embargo on Georgian wine was due to quality concerns, but it was widely seen as a political move, as a means for punishing the then Georgian government for making overtures to join Nato.
Matters were not helped - to say the least - two years later when Georgia and Russia fought a short war after Georgian troops invaded the Russian-backed breakaway region of South Ossetia.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Georgian winemakers had to cope with a seven-year ban on exporting to Russia
Russian imports of Georgian wine did not eventually resume until 2013, seven years after the ban started.
While Russia is now once again importing Georgian wine in vast quantities - 17 million bottles in the first six months of this year, 66% of total exports during the period - Georgia wants to build up other markets.
Image caption Malkaz Jakeli plans to increase exports to the EU
For although there is now hesitant consensus that Georgia is unlikely to see any immediate backlash from Russia for signing the EU free trade agreement, some Georgians remain concerned that Russian barriers could go up again in the future.
NWA chairperson Levan Davitashvili says: "We want to diversify our market structure. We have to be less dependent on Russia."
The biggest EU importers of Georgian wine are Poland and the Baltic states, and those countries are where Mr Davitashvili is hopeful of seeing a big rise in sales.
By contrast, they do not expect to see increased penetration in western Europe, because they say "the space is already occupied" by wine produced within the EU.
However, Eric Livny, an economist at Tbilisi State University, says most Georgian wine producers will continue to focus on Russia, because of the enduring popularity of Georgian wine among Russian consumers.
"Georgian wine exports go to Russia with very little effort... simply because Georgia has an established brand in Russia. In Europe it's an uphill battle."
Helping farmers
In the wider agricultural sector, which accounts for half of Georgia's labour market, and is again dominated by family run farms, there are both hopes and concerns about the implications of the EU deal.
Image caption Nino Zambakhidze's cheese business has eyes on the EU
Nino Zambakhidze, chairperson of the Georgian Farmers Association, a group of 900 farmers from across the country, says some members are concerned about the costs of getting the internationally-recognised quality certification which is required before they can start exporting to the EU.
Yet they say the advantages far outweigh the disadvantages.
"If we deliver proper information and messages to the farmers, and at the same time, if a lot of business-orientated people move to rural regions in order to make businesses and work with farmers, it's going to give us the opportunity to enter the EU market without any problem," says Ms Zambakhidze.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Georgia has for a number of years wished for closer ties with the European Union
"The most important thing we'll get from the EU is their education, and the new technologies that the EU uses with their farmers."
Ms Zambakhidze is themselves also hoping to start exporting to the EU from next year in their day job as co-owner of the Tsnisi Dairy Plant, near the city of Akhaltsikhe.
Image caption Irakli Partsvania has big ambitions for their blueberry farm
The dairy currently produces 500kg (1,100lb) of Georgian cheese per day.
Another Georgian small business person with their eyes firmly on exports to the EU is Irakli Partsvania, who is planting what they say will be Europe's largest blueberry farm.
Mr Partsvania currently has 70 hectares (172 acres) of blueberries, but is in the process of adding a further 450.
"Georgia is a very small market, so from the start we were talking and thinking about the supply of the European and American markets," they say.
So far Mr Partsvania has already harvested one crop of blueberries, of which they exported 10% of the 75 tonnes to the EU, including two tonnes which went to the UK.
With tariffs about to be removed, they plan to substantially increase what they send to the EU.
Here's Harry Reid's advice to Republicans in Congress: "Get a life and start talking about doing something constructively."
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) center, seen with Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) Thursday, Dec. 19, 2013. AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite
Reid (D-Nev.) made the comments during a rare national television interview with "Face the Nation" host Bob Schieffer on Sunday — a sit-down that was defined by the utter disdain in which the Senate majority leader holds many Republicans in Congress. On everything from extending unemployment insurance to budget talks to Obamacare, Reid dismissed congressional Republican arguments and defended their decision to change the filibuster rules governing judicial and executive branch nominees — and sought to goad them into deal-making between now and the midterms.
Not going to happen. Here's why.
Republicans know that midterm elections are different from presidential elections. Turnout is far lower, and, typically, midterms wind up being decided by which party's base is more motivated to come out.
So in 2006, Democrats won a massive victory (and control of the House) thanks to a wildly passionate base ready to send George W. Bush a message. Four years later, Republicans won back the majority on the back of a tea party movement that grew out of distaste for the growth of government under President Obama.
In both of those instances, the election had very little to do with what the minority party was proposing in terms of policy initiatives. Instead, the 2006 and 2010 election turned on what the party in power had done, and the other base's resistance to those policies.
Fast forward to this midterm election. No issue — and we mean no issue — inflames the Republican base like the Affordable Care Act. Need evidence? Of the 88 percent of Republicans who said they disapproved of Obama's handling of the health-care law in a December Washington Post-ABC News poll, 77 percent put themselves in the "strongly" disapproved camp. (Of the 64 percent of Democrats who approved of the law, 42 percent did so "strongly.")
Those Republicans aren't looking for their side to offer an alternative to Obamacare between now and November. All they know is that they hate the law, and the first chance to punish people for it will come in 10 months time. "All they talk about is how bad Obamacare is," Reid told Schieffer. "They don't talk about doing anything to improve it." And to win in November, they don't need to.
Now, while simply being the people who tried to slow/stop/oppose Obamacare might be enough for Republicans to hold the House and maybe take control of the Senate in November, it's not close to enough for the party to win back the White House in 2016 — particularly because the man for whom the law is nicknamed won't be on the ballot. (Remember that Mitt Romney, who, by the by, was actually running against Obama, tried to make the 2012 election a referendum on the incumbent's handling of the economy and health-care alone. Didn't work so well.)
In short: Republicans may well prosper in the midterms by ignoring Reid's advice. But they would do well to remember that winning a midterm election and winning a presidential election are two very different things.
Fixbits:
Liz Cheney is ending their Wyoming Senate bid.
Mitt Romney accepted the apology of MSNBC's Melissa Harris-Perry.
Georgia Democratic Senate candidate Michelle Nunn had another very good fundraising period, bringing in $1.6 million during the fourth quarter of 2013.
Rep. Peter King (R-N.Y.) is open to extending unemployment insurance — but only if Democrats compromise.
Former Montana governor Brian Schweitzer (D) remains coy about possibly running for president in 2016.
Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) doesn't think Edward Snowden should get life in prison or the death penalty.
Reid said Sen. Dean Heller (R-Nev.) is not "some maverick" who is "spewing socialism."
The tea party leader looking to challenge Ohio Gov. John Kasich (R) has abandoned their bid before it ever really got started.
Must-reads:
"In Congress, 2014 begins with shrunken ambitions" — Paul Kane, Washington Post
"Koch-backed political network, designed to shield donors, raised $400 million in 2012" — Matea Gold, Washington Post
"Hillary Clinton's shadow campaign" — Maggie Haberman, Politico
"Can Obama raise their job-approval ratings enough for a political recovery?" — Chris Cillizza, Washington Post
"Rep. Steve Stockman of Texas goes it alone in Republican primary against Sen. John Cornyn" — David A. Fahrenthold, Washington Post
The Subtleties In Causation Talk
Enlarge this image Getty Images/iStockphoto Getty Images/iStockphoto
The gold standard for establishing a causal relationship — between, say, a drug and some health outcome — is a randomized controlled trial, or RCT.
RCTs are powerful for a few reasons.
First, RCTs involve an experimental manipulation of the causal factor of interest. Rather than merely observing a correlation between, say, chocolate consumption and levels of happiness in a large and diverse population, an RCT involves an intervention on people's consumption of chocolate: People in one group are assigned to eat chocolate; people in another group are assigned to abstain. This ensures that if a correlation between chocolate consumption and happiness is observed, it's due to a causal relationship such that chocolate affects happiness, and not some other causal structure (for instance, that being happy leads to greater chocolate consumption, or that both chocolate consumption and happiness are caused by frequent socializing).
Second, RCTs involve randomization. That's important because all sorts of factors could influence the effect of interest. Chocolate might (or might not) affect happiness, but so might one's social environment, immediate stressors, health, genetic predispositions, and more. Assigning people to one condition or the other at random ensures that these additional sources of variation in happiness aren't systematically related to chocolate consumption, and therefore a potential confounding factor.
So RCTs are a gold standard for good reason: They help us avoid some of the pitfalls in going from observations to conclusions about how factors are causally related.
What isn't often appreciated, though, is how the notion of causation established by an RCT departs from the way we often use causal language in informal conversations. Consider three ways that our everyday use of causal language conflicts with what we might call the "RCT" notion of causation:
1. Sometimes when we make causal claims, we're in the business of assigning moral responsibility. The actions of two drivers may have caused the collision in the sense that had either acted differently, the collision could have been avoided. But if one was driving carefully while the other ran a red light under the influence of alcohol, we're inclined to say the latter caused the accident. If we scale up this single event to something like an RCT, the conclusions can be counterintuitive. Imagine 200 situations in which a drunk driver runs a red light. Now we experimentally vary whether there's another driver crossing the intersection. The 100 cases with the second driver yield an accident; the 100 without do not. Do we conclude that the presence of the law-abiding driver is the cause of the collision? In one sense this is surely right; but in another it gets something deeply wrong.
2. Sometimes when we make causal claims, we care about the mechanism by which the cause brings about the effect, not merely that it increases its probability. To illustrate, imagine the following hypothetical scenario: Two thousand people with a terminal illness are randomly assigned to one of two groups. In the treatment group, participants take a new drug for their illness that's feared to increase the risk of skin cancer as a side effect. In a control group, participants take a placebo. After the trial period, the study finds that the treatment group indeed has higher rates of skin cancer than the control group. It sounds like a causal relationship has been established: The new drug causes skin cancer. But now suppose we learn the following: The new drug in fact causes forgetfulness. Forgetfulness meant that those in the treatment group were more likely to forget to put on sunscreen. Failing to wear sunscreen is what led to the elevated levels of skin cancer. Again, there's some sense in which the drug did cause an increase in skin cancer, but it also seems misleading to simply say that it causes skin cancer: What it does is prevent people from preventing skin cancer.
3. Sometimes when we make causal claims, we care about capturing a feature of the whole population we're making a claim about, not just a subset. Suppose 1,000 men and women in our treatment group take a drug designed to decrease depression; those in the control group take a placebo. We find that the former group experiences significantly fewer symptoms of depression. It appears that taking the drug causes depressive symptoms to decrease! But a finer-grained look reveals that the effect is driven entirely by women: For the men, taking the drug had no effect. Although the original RCT supports the claim that taking the drug has a causal effect on depressive symptoms, the statement doesn't apply equally to the whole population. The unqualified statement ("taking the drug causes depressive symptoms to decrease") seems to get something wrong.
These examples are just three among many. They illustrate some of the subtleties in the way we talk about causation — subtleties that have been recognized by psychologists and philosophers, but that aren't necessarily captured by the notion of causation established by an RCT. This isn't necessarily a surprise — lots of terms have multiple senses, some informal, some technical, and some a mix of both. But it does come with an important caution: We need to be careful in how we interpret the results of RCTs, and in what we infer from informal causal claims. And maybe, to help us get things right, we need a more precise way to talk about causation.
Tania Lombrozo is a psychology professor at the University of California, Berkeley. They write about psychology, cognitive science and philosophy, with occasional forays into parenting and veganism. You can keep up with more of what they are thinking on Twitter: @TaniaLombrozo
So the banners, the YouTube videos and the fly-over planes have failed. The “Wenger Out” campaign has been ferocious in recent months, even becoming a global meme, but, alas, the manager has agreed a two-year contract extension at Arsenal.
A new deal seemed improbable between February and April when Arsenal were losing against Watford, West Bromwich Albion and Crystal Palace in the league, and enduring two 5-1 humiliations against Bayern Munich. More and more fans began to demand Arsène Wenger's head, swathes of empty seats became a feature of home matches, and the man themselves seemed on the brink of tears in post-match pressers.
Arsène Wenger agrees two-year contract to continue Arsenal stay Read more
But what a difference a tweak makes. Wenger's switch to a 3-5-2 formation followed by nine wins in the final 10 matches of the campaign, capped by that magnificent FA Cup triumph at Wembley, sent them into the negotiations on a high, despite finishing fifth in the league.
Few Arsenal supporters are surprised by Wenger's deal. Fewer still are celebrating it but on balance I welcome it.
To explain why, let's try a thought experiment. Imagine that in the summer of 2013 Wenger had waved goodbye. Then imagine their successor mirrored Wenger's record of the past four years. Imagine the new manager immediately ended years of bargain buys with the earthquake acquisition of Mesut Özil and guided the team to victory in the FA Cup final, the first silverware for nine years. The following summer they bought Alexis Sánchez and went on to win the FA Cup for a second successive year. In 2016 they took the club to a second‑place finish, their highest for 11 years.
Although they then endured a dodgy season in the league, they nonetheless grabbed another FA Cup, thanks to a glorious win against the Premier League champions Chelsea – one of the most exciting afternoons in the club's history. Few, even among the peculiarly entitled Arsenal supporter base, would be calling for their head. Wenger should be judged on the same terms and should stay.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Arsène Wenger after their seventh FA Cup win. Photograph: Michael Regan/The FA via Getty Images
But it cannot be business as usual. The post-Wenger era must start right here, right now, with the Frenchman still in the hot seat. On and off the pitch, the club should start laying the groundwork for the post-Wenger era, avoiding the sort of disorganised slumps that hit Manchester United when Sir Matt Busby and Sir Alex Ferguson left.
Arsène Wenger's new contract seems unlikely to break the cycle at Arsenal Read more
It is also time for supporters to up their game. For several years, Arsenal fans have been bitterly divided into two factions: the “Arsène Knows Best” AKBs and the “Wenger Out Brigade” WOBs. This division has seen Gunners fans brawling with one another at matches and squabbling incessantly online. In one particularly unpleasant episode, when a group of “Wenger Out” fans were filmed outside the Emirates Stadium singing anti-Wenger songs, at least one of their number sang they will be “happy” when Wenger “dies”.
Thanks to the spotlight available to armchair pundits on Twitter and YouTube, some supporters have become fans of themselves more than they are fans of the club. For them, a match seems to now be about hoping for attention as much as it is hoping for three points. Although these clowns are small in number, they have made such a racket that it has lowered the tone across the fanbase. People feel compelled to take extreme, noisy positions, which does little to help the confidence of the players on the field.
It is time to put the club ahead of the factions. Let's consign these reductive AKB/WOB acronyms to the history books, under a heading about the time Arsenal fans went a bit potty for a while. Let's forget about the AKB and the WOB – and make it once more about the AFC.
Chas Newkey-Burden is a freelance football writer and lifelong Arsenal supporter
World of Warcraft Newbie Guide 8: Chat and the Friends List One integral part of the World of Warcraft is the social aspect of the game. So far, however, I have foregone any sort of instruction on t...
World of Warcraft: Fleshing Out The Tillers (Article) Disclaimer: It has come to my attention that this article was erroneously linked as a guide . This is a list of suggestions and most of it i...
Constructive Criticism vs Verbal Abuse (With Rough Transcript) Update: Why are so many people reading this article? It's terribly written and probably not good at getting the point across. To better...
World of Warcraft: The Problem With Time Gating When I talk about issues related to WoW (or anything, really), while the analytical piece in question may be about something more specific l...
It criticised the unprecedented "scale and tenor of the political response" to the Charlie Hebdo "incident", saying the outpouring was encouraged by the political class and this "reinforces Europe's desire to intensify its constant pressure on Muslims".
"People are killed every day around the world in numbers and in circumstances that should put the events in France in perspective," it said.
It served only to "devalue the countless more lives lost every other day", it said.
Asked to clarify whether it condemned the massacre or believed it was a justified response to the insulting of Allah and Muslims, Hamzah Qureshi, from the organisation's media office, said: "To reduce the issue to a simple dichotomy of either support or condemnation is superficial and unproductive. What is imperative to consider is the broader political context that has led to and follows the incident, which is the crux of the statement."
Keysar Trad, founder of the Islamic Friendship Association, rejected the statement and said the Charlie Hebdo massacre was "an attack on Islamic values".
Pittsburgh was Mister Rogers' neighborhood, but a couple key connections could make it a front runner to become Mr. Bezos' second neighborhood.
Some of Amazon's top executives have close ties to Pittsburgh. And those personal ties could make the Steel City a serious contender for Amazon's second North American headquarters, one of the most prized economic development projects in recent memory.
Amazon Chief Financial Officer Brian Olsavsky grew up in Hershey, Pa., a company town for, you guessed it, Hershey's, on the other side of the state from Pittsburgh. Olsavsky attended Penn State and later went to graduate school at Carnegie Mellon University's Tepper School of Business in Pittsburgh, where they retain close ties.
Olsavsky isn't the only Pennsylvanian making key decisions for the online retail giant. Jeff Wilke, CEO of the company's worldwide consumer business and a speaker at next week's 2017 GeekWire Summit, grew up in Pittsburgh, and is reportedly a big Steelers fan.
Wilke, who joined Amazon as vice president and general manager of operations in 1999, is often discussed as a potential successor to Amazon founder Jeff Bezos. Olsavsky and Wilke are among the eight executives listed on the company's officers and directors page, making them two of the most powerful people in a company that now boasts a market value of nearly $460 billion.
In 2002, Olsavsky moved from their job at Pittsburgh's Fisher Scientific to a VP role at Amazon in Seattle. He's worked at Amazon ever since, appointed to the CFO role in 2015.
As a no-nonsense numbers guy, Olsavsky certainly will be a key decision-maker in determining where Amazon lands.
Olsavsky helped establish a recruiting pipeline to Amazon from Carnegie Mellon, according to the school's Carnegie Mellon Today magazine. That expanded even further, from the business school to engineering, and there now more than 150 CMU alumni at Amazon. They were also instrumental in setting up an alumni group for the university in Seattle. Pittsburgh is also their wife's hometown, according to the magazine.
While many consider Pittsburgh a long-shot for HQ2, it was chosen as a top pick by GeekWire in an analysis published shortly after Amazon released its RFP for its second headquarters.
The city, known for its many bridges that span the Allegheny, Monongahela and Ohio rivers, boasts serious tech bonafides beyond its connections to key executives. That starts with Carnegie Mellon, one of the top engineering schools in the country, and a partner in Uber's self-driving car research.
Pittsburgh is no stranger to tech giants either, as Google and Facebook have offices there.
Pittsburgh's biggest weakness in its quest to become Amazon's second headquarters? It's not a transportation hub, like other contenders such as Chicago, Denver and Atlanta.
Even so, it does have plenty of land available, with Pittsburgh developers putting forth as many as 20 possible locations for Amazon, everything from the 178-acre Almona site that formerly housed bustling steel mills to a former shopping mall.
Furthermore, Pittsburgh has always been an innovative city, Mayor William Peduto tells GeekWire.
“We were a global leader in the second Industrial Revolution – we built America and we built the middle class. Back then Pittsburgh's industries were forged by natural resources and goods transported by river and rail,” Peduto said in a statement. “Today the city's rebirth is fueled by a unique pipeline of talent, ingenuity and authenticity that has the world on notice. And that happens to feature robot cars.”
While Amazon is asking for everything from available land to tax breaks and more, a big driver behind HQ2 is the need to land the best talent. Seattle is a highly desirable place to live, but it's expensive and a long way for people coming from the Midwest and East Coast.
Pittsburgh has its own talent base to draw from thanks to its university system and burgeoning tech scene.
Here is the meat of Mayor Peduto's pitch, focused on talent:
China and Pakistan have discussed co-producing ballistic missiles and advanced military aircraft as the new Pakistani Army Chief made their first visit to China, State media reported on Friday.
This comes barely months after Beijing blasted India's development of ballistic missiles and slammed the fourth test of Agni V as a violation of UN Security Council resolutions.
China had provided "authorisation to Pakistan to produce ballistic missiles, cruise missiles, anti-aircraft missiles, anti-ship missiles and main battle tanks in Pakistan", the Global Times, a tabloid published by the official People's Daily, reported, citing Song Zhongping, a former officer of the PLA Second Artillery Corps (now renamed the PLA Rocket Force). They said other weapons exchanges would be discussed besides missiles, including the "mass production of FC-1 Xiaolong, a lightweight and multi-role combat aircraft developed jointly by the two countries".
CHINA'S FOREIGN MINISTRY UNAWARE?
China's Foreign Ministry said it was not aware of any missile cooperation agreement, which was also not mentioned in the Defence Ministry's official statement of the meetings. Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying said: "The Chinese military released information on meetings between the Pakistan Chief of Army Staff with their [Chinese] counterpart. From the news release we didn't see anything on an agreement on ballistic missiles. What I can tell you is China and Pakistan maintain normal defence exchanges and relevant cooperation."
The report, however, is likely to raise eyebrows, as after India's Agni V test in December Beijing then referenced the 1998 UN Security Council Resolution 1172, a non-binding resolution that called on India and Pakistan, after their nuclear tests, to also cease tests of ballistic missiles capable of carrying nuclear warheads.
The Foreign Ministry said then that the "UN Security Council has explicit regulations on whether India can develop ballistic missiles capable of carrying nuclear weapons. China always maintains that preserving the strategic balance and stability in South Asia is conducive to peace and prosperity of regional countries and beyond."
Asked if China believed that this applied to Pakistan's missile programme as well, Hua said, "Generally speaking, all UN members have obligations and responsibility to observe UN resolutions. Our position on the strategic balance in South Asia is consistent."
PAK ARMY CHIEF MET TOP PLA OFFICIALS
On Thursday, Pakistan Army Chief Qamar Javed Bajwa met top PLA officials including Vice Chairman of the Central Military Commission General Fan Changlong, General Fang Fenghui, chief of the Joint Staff Department, and Army Commander General Li Zuocheng.
Unusually for a military chief, they also met Politburo Standing Committee member Zhang Gaoli, the seventh-ranked leader. Sources said this underlined the political support to push the China Pakistan Economic Corridor, which China has billed as a flagship project of Xi Jinping's pet One Belt, One Road initiative.
BOTH PARTIES DISCUSS ANTI-TERRORISM COOPERATION
The Pakistani Army Chief pledged to protect Chinese personnel and projects in the CPEC. Shortly after taking over in November, Bajwa visited the special security division of 15,000 troops being raised by Pakistan to protect the CPEC and spoke of "hostile" forces against the project.
On Thursday, both sides also discussed "anti-terrorism cooperation at the meeting, vowing to resolutely strike against terrorist forces including the East Turkestan Islamic Movement". "Pakistan's military is willing to deepen the cooperation with the Chinese army and fully support the Quadrilateral Cooperation and Coordination Mechanism in Counterterrorism by Afghanistan-China-Pakistan-Tajikistan Armed Forces," Bajwa said.
ALSO READ | China bats for greater global role through BRICS, pledges to work against unilateralism
China makes fresh 'Belt and Road Initiative' pitch to India
ALSO WATCH | India and China strategic dialogue begins in Beijing; foreign secretaries discuss bilateral issues
Israel Aerospace Industries (IAI) and the Indian Ministry of Defense signed a contract worth US$1.6 billion today, for the supply of an unspecified number of Medium Range Surface to Air Missiles (MRSAM) for the Indian Land Forces. Delivery of the first system will begin within 72 months and will be deployed for operations by 2022-2023.
The MRSAM will be based on the ‘Barak 8' air-defense system, which has already been delivered to the Indian Navy and selected for the Long Range SAM system by the Indian Air Force. The contract reflects the Israeli part of the $2.5 billion MRSAM order cleared by the Indian government in February this year. A third of the program is allocated directly to the Indian partner – the government managed Defense Research & Development organization (DRDO).
Based on ‘Make in India' regime, IAI is obligated to outsource a significant part of the work to Indian subcontractors, on top of the parts of the program already allocated by the MOD to Indian suppliers. Some of the Indian companies that partnered with IAI include Bharat Electronics (BEL), Bharat Dynamics (BDL) and companies from the private sectors.
IAI signed today a second contract for the delivery of Barak 8 Long Range SAM (LRSAM) for the first locally built aircraft carrier – Vikrant. The 40,000 ton carrier is one of two indigenously built carriers currently under construction at Cochin and is planned to begin sea trials later this year. The ship is expected to be fully operational by 2023.
In Israel Barak 8 is being fitted to seven more platforms – the new missiles are replacing the older Barak-I on three Israeli 1,275 ton Saar V corvettes and is being integrated into the four 2,000 ton Saar 6 corvettes ordered from Germany. These boats are scheduled to arrive in Israel in 2019-2020 to beef up Israel's offshore gas rigs.
Earlier this week India's Defence Acquisition Council (DAC) approved the procurement of 100 Barak I missiles for older vessels, among them the Navy's only operational aircraft carrier – INS Vikramaditya. The first contract for 262 Barak I missiles for the Indian Navy was signed in 2015 and will continue until 2020. Last month Navy successfully conducted the maiden trial firing of Barak from the ex-Russian carrier. Barak 8 LRSAM is currently integrated on two Indian Navy Kolkata class destroyers – INS Kolkata, Kochi, and Chennai.
With the current order Barak 8 MRSAM gains a strategic position with all of India's military branches (Navy, Air Force and Army). At the recent Aero India airshow IAI unveiled a truck-mounted variant of Barak 8 family optimized for the Indian requirement for Quick Reaction SAM (QRSAM). This new version will employ many of the building blocks of the LRSAM-MRSAM system, in a manner that offers optimise logistical and operational benefits. IAI also pursue an extended range variant of the Barak-8 interceptor, intended to address the Indian Air Force' Extended-Range SAM (ERSAM) requirement.
Archaeologists find origins of 1st century settlement beyond damage of bulldozing carried out during conflict
© University of Leicester / American University of Beirut
© University of Leicester / American University of Beirut
High in the central Biqa' Valley of Lebanon, investigating the Graeco-Roman temple and village site of Hosn Niha, an archaeologist from Leicester says there is hope among the dispiriting pictures of damage caused to archaeological sites by military conflict.Decades of civil war, heavy looting and turmoil have caused severe damage to historic sites in the 1st century settlement, where an international team has reported evidence of an early medieval reoccupation – possibly in the form of a fortified farmhouse – at a site established by the 1st century. Their early findings focus on the post-early Islamic period, when permanent occupation of the area was thought to have ended.“Rather than simply ignoring sites that have been badly damaged by conflict, we have taken on the challenge of investigating a site previously considered too badly damaged by conflict to warrant systematic archaeological investigation,” says Dr Ruth Young, of the School of Archaeology and Ancient History at the University of Leicester.“Using a range of up-to-date surface survey methods we were able to answer some important questions about the site.“The first of these was an accurate assessment of site damage, what had been done and where, and the effects of various actions, be it bulldozing or clandestine looting of the site.“Through this exercise, we learned that bulldozing and other damage actions had effectively erased the heart of the settlement, but significantly sized sections of settlement beyond it remained quite well preserved.“From recording and collecting surface finds from across the settlement area as a whole we were able to begin to understand both the morphology and development history of the settlement.“Our research at Hosn Niha has shown that with the right methods and questions, it is possible to obtain a great deal of original and important information from sites that have suffered badly through conflict.”Writing in a report for the archaeology journal Antiquity, Dr Young and their co-author, Dr Paul Newson, from the American University of Beirut, suggest that damaged archaeological sites represent a chance to preserve precious information, helping to rebuild damaged communities and create employment and reintegration opportunities for displaced residents.“Aerial photographs of living ancient cities such as Homs and Aleppo in Syria taken before the war have been compared to images from the last few months, and the extent of damage to houses, mosques, and heritage structures is brutal and widespread,” says Dr Newson, ruing “shocking” footage from archaeological sites in Iraq, including the apparent bulldozing of “irreplaceable” buildings.“Of course, the human cost in any conflict is the first and highest priority. However, archaeology and heritage are extremely vulnerable to attack and damage during conflict.”
moe. wrapped up their three-night run in style yesterday, putting down a great performance at Thompson's Point in Portland, ME. The band made their final night in Portland a memorable one, with guest sit-ins from Twiddle guitarist Mihali Savoulidis and occasional keyboardist collaborator Nate Wilson highlighting the performance.
The night began with a great set from Twiddle, who treated fans to a four-song set to get things rocking. The band has been on a roll of late, having just recently made a big debut at The Capitol Theatre in Port Chester, NY. With their inaugural Tumble Down Festival coming up in a couple months, Twiddle has been heating things up, just in time for the summer.
moe. took things over from there, rocking hard through classic originals “Not Coming Down,” “Wormwood” and “Moth” to open the show. They also welcomed Twiddle guitarist Mihali Savoulidis on the set closer, a jammed out version of “Timmy Tucker.” The band also brought out a special guest for set two, when they welcomed keyboardist Nate Wilson to the stage for “Lazarus,” as well as Traffic's “Low Spark Of High Heeled Boys.” The jam group closed out the night with a rocking “Captain America.”
All photos have been provided by Adam Straughn/ATS Photography. Check out the setlists below, courtesy of uTwiddle and moe's Facebook.
Setlist: Twiddle at Thompson's Point, Portland, ME – 6/18/16
Set: Polluted Beauty, Wasabi Eruption -> The Box, Daydream Farmer
Setlist: moe. at Thompson's Point, Portland, ME – 6/18/16
Set I: Not Coming Down > Wormwood > Moth, Waiting For The Punchline, Opium, Timmy Tucker*
Set II: Skrunk > Tubing The River Styx > The Pit > George, Spaz Medicine > Lazarus**, Low Spark Of High Heeled Boys**
Encore: Captain America
* = w/ Mihali Savoulidis
** = w/ Nate Wilson on keys
Gun-rights activist Alan Korwin stands in front of one of their newly revived “Guns Save Lives” ads Tuesday at a bus stop on North Tatum Boulevard in Phoenix. The city lost an appellate ruling against the ads earlier this summer. (Photo: Nick Oza/The Republic) Story Highlights The dispute started in 2010, when Phoenix officials removed 50 "Guns Save Lives" ads from the city's bus stops.
Phoenix argued that the message was political and violated the city's policy against non-commercial advertising on buses and transit stops.
The Arizona Court of Appeals struck down the city's decision, saying its rules allow for ads that blend political and commercial messages.
For nearly four years, Phoenix officials have fought to keep the politically and emotionally charged statement "Guns Save Lives" off city bus shelters.
The city conceded that battle earlier this summer after it lost an appeals court ruling, and advertisements with the controversial statement have popped up at bus stops from downtown to northeast Phoenix.
Aside from stirring conversations about gun rights, the case could have broader implications for how Phoenix regulates the content of ads on the bus and transit system. Civil-liberties advocates say it opens the door for more ads that blend political and commercial messaging.
Allhands: So, 'Guns Save Lives' won. Is that really so bad?
The dispute started in 2010, when city officials removed from Phoenix bus stops 50 ads with the words "Guns Save Lives" set against the backdrop of a red heart.
Phoenix told the man behind the ad, gun-rights activist and author Alan Korwin, that its message is political and violated the city's policy against non-commercial advertising on buses and transit stops.
Korwin said the ad, which includes the words "Arizona Says: Educate Your Kids" and a mention of TrainMeAZ.com, promotes a website that links gun owners with training classes. They contend liberal-leaning city officials censored the ad because they disagree with its message.
The Phoenix-based Goldwater Institute, a conservative government-watchdog group, defended Korwin, along with the backing of the liberal-leaning American Civil Liberties Union.
CLOSE For nearly four years, Phoenix officials have fought to keep the politically and emotionally charged statement "Guns Save Lives" off city bus shelter
They argued that the city's policy banning non-commercial speech is arbitrary and should be struck down because the Arizona Constitution offers greater free-speech protections in certain areas than the U.S. Supreme Court has interpreted under the First Amendment.
But the Arizona Court of Appeals took an unexpected twist on the case in its May ruling.
A three-judge panel rejected Goldwater's free-speech argument because it hadn't raised the argument at trial court. That argument came after a county judge ruled in Phoenix's favor in 2012.
The judge ruled that the city had created reasonable guidelines for what it will and won't allow on transit billboards.
The appeals court also unanimously agreed that city officials had not lawfully applied its own rules for screening ads, creating a loophole that could allow others to post controversial ads.
The judges said Phoenix's claim that its rules ban ads that include speech beyond a commercial message is inconsistent with its written standards, which require only that a "commercial transaction be proposed and must be adequately displayed."
That led the court to rule that the city's standards allow for "blended" ads that propose a commercial transaction and include political or ideological speech. In Korwin's case, they promote a firearms-training website while extolling the virtues of gun ownership.
Christina Sandefur, an attorney for the Goldwater Institute, said the ruling "definitely opens the door" for more ads that use political messages to help sell a product. They said city officials had enforced the rules in a haphazard fashion, allowing messages that promote environmentalism or religion, but not Korwin's pro-gun posters.
"Although the ruling was narrow, it put the city on notice that it needs to be more thoughtful and consistent about how it enforces their standards," Sandefur said, adding that Phoenix will have to enforce its rules as written.
City officials declined to appeal the ruling to the Arizona Supreme Court, but the city is reviewing its policies in light of the appellate ruling.
It's unclear if the city will attempt to rewrite its policy to exclude non-commercial speech.
Spokesman Matthew Heil said the city won't comment on the ruling until it has completed its review, saying, "It's still a work in progress. We're still working through what those implications would be."
But the city has previously questioned whether Korwin is being upfront about the intent behind their ad.
In court filings, Phoenix calls the pro-gun ads "political rhetoric in the sheep's clothing of an ostensible commercial advertisement."
Attorney David Schwartz argued that the city wants commercial pitches "that do not get into ideological, political debates as part of the proposed ad."
The city had defended its policy banning non-commercial speech by pointing to federal court rulings concluding that the government can impose reasonable restrictions on speech that appears in a "non-public forum," such as proprietary advertising sales.
Phoenix officials worry that promoting political speech on the city bus system will inevitably create controversy, potentially incite protests, stir accusations of political favoritism and affect transit-system revenue.
But Korwin said the case wasn't really about any of those "legal manipulations."
They said that despite winning their case on a "technicality," he's watching to see if the city will try to rework its policies in a way that allows officials to retain broad content-based discretion over the type of ads displayed.
"They didn't want 'Guns Save Lives' in the public eye," Korwin said, adding that at least 500,000 people now see their ads every day. "You can't ban speech based on content, and that's what they want to do."
Korwin said that their posters will remain at city bus stops through November and that they plan to launch a larger advertising campaign with newspaper ads and highway billboards.
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/VnMeZu
Farming
A silent revolution unfolded in the backyards, terraces, poly-houses, road-sides and even in the balconies of Kerala homes, with small scale organic farming undertaken by ordinary housewives and husbands and even school children
For the last few years, Kerala has seen a lot of debate on the influx of pesticide-sprinkled vegetables from neighbouring states. Malayalis saw the media, government institutions, social groups and even political parties carry on a sustained campaign against such tainted veggies.
In parallel, a silent revolution unfolded in the backyards, terraces, poly-houses, road-sides and even in the balconies of Kerala homes, with small scale organic farming undertaken by ordinary housewives and husbands and even school children.
When Malayali's favourite actor Manju Warrier made a come-back to the film industry in 2014 through a movie which propagated the idea of rooftop farming, they -by default- became the brand ambassador for organic farming in Kerala.
Veteran actor Sreenivasan too joined the organic bandwagon with their highly publicized inroads into paddy-cultivation on leased lands, with the harvest reaped from these garnering even more widespread applause.
Once upon a time, Kerala too was self-sufficient in vegetable-production and paddy cultivation. The passing of years however saw it shift its focus to cash crops, thereby making it eventually dependent on Tamil Nadu and Karnataka for vegetables, and on Andhra Pradesh for rice.
With alarming reports of large-scale use of pesticides and insecticides in Tamil Nadu farms, Kerala was forced to take a relook at the options organic farming held out for a healthy life.
People across the spectrum took to it in a big way, with apartments, flats, houses and even road-sides doubling up as unlikely but suitable venues for cultivation.
Speaking to The News Minute, Kerala Agriculture Minister VS Sunil Kumar was pleased to inform that the state has produced 81,000 metric tons of vegetables in time for Onam -the state festival due in September- that would ensure that Keralites will now not have to depend on vegetables bought from across the state border.
“For this year's Onam, Kerala will not have to depend much on vegetables from other states. We have made all arrangements to make 81000 metric tons of organic vegetables available for public consumption. Vegetables collected from organic farms will be sold under the brand of Farm Fresh Kerala,” the Minister says.
Sunil Kumar reiterates that the LDF government aims to develop a concept of ‘quality' as opposed to ‘quantity' among the masses.
“Every house should have a small cultivable area, be it a terrace, balcony or a backyard. Since most families are nuclear, very less space is actually needed for the same. Kerala has now come to reflect such a trend,” they feel.
They also share their vision for large-scale commercial farming. “Commercial farmers will be encouraged to indulge in good agricultural practices which include use of organic pesticides and fertilizers, and other healthy alternative solutions to meet their commercial targets,” they aver.
“Organic farming has largely increased in Kerala. Till a few years ago, more than 60% of the vegetables were bought from other states. But now the situation has changed and we produce more than 50% here,” shares Kerala Horticorp Managing Director, Dr Ranjan S Karippai with The News Minute.
“A large number of people are turning to farming in urban and semi-urban areas. That is why the number of grow-bags sold by the department has seen a sudden spike, with many people now approaching us for setting up of poly-houses,” they tell.
According to Ranjan, the department distributes an average of five lakh grow-bags every year. “Kerala may not yet attain 100% self-sufficiency, but people are more aware now. They are deeply concerned about the food they consume, so we could actually usher in a new trend,” they opine.
Studies conducted by the Kerala Agriculture University (KAU) over the years provided the much-needed boost to this changing trend in an average Malayali's food habits, as these studies conclusively proved the presence of high amounts of pesticides in vegetables from Tamil Nadu.
A recent report published by KAU in June 2016 have certified that the vegetables produced in Kerala organic farms and made available at organic outlets are 100% safe to consume.
Dr Thomas Biju Mathew of the Pesticide Residue Lab at the Agricultural College in Vellayani says that they are on a continuous research mode, so as to ensure that vegetables available in the market even under the ‘Organic' brand are safe for consumption.
The Communist Party of India (Marxist) had opened around 200 organic vegetable stalls in the last Onam season. Apart from cultivating on the land the party owns, it also encourages individuals who are into both small and large-scale farming. This year too, the party has announced the opening of more such vegetable stalls during Onam.
Colleges, self-help groups and even a few religious institutions too seem to have been bitten by the organic bug.
Both the Rajagiri Engineering College and the Sacred Heart College in Ernakulam have been cultivating around three acres of land, with their last year's bumper harvest having even hogged headlines.
Given the nature of this green venture, the involvement of Kudumbasree self-help groups was inevitable, and they now top the list, when it comes to setting up of organic vegetable markets across the state. As per news reports, Kudumbasree alone farms around 50,000 hectares of land in Kerala.
All Photos : Sreekesh Raveendran Nair
Expected to be cut running back Arian Foster could have a potential landing spot in the Oakland Raiders.
The offseason is upon us for all but eight NFL teams, which means that slowly but surely, big names are getting closer and closer to the open market. Leading to speculation over where each player will wind up once 2016 NFL Free Agency begins in early March.
One player that could be hitting the open market despite being under contract is veteran Houston Texans running back Arian Foster, who according to reports out of Houston is likely to be cut for salary cap purposes after tearing their Achilles this season. Adding another veteran running back to the market.
Bleacher Report's Chris Simms identified the Raiders as a potential landing spot for Foster, adding that the Silver and Black could be a team that will be looking for a veteran running back to work under Latavius Murray this offseason. A role that Foster would be perfect for.
Foster has still yet to be cut by the Texans even if it is looking like an inevitability, but the veteran could be a nice fit for a Raiders team that has shown interest in adding a veteran back in the past two offseasons. A former top running back, Foster would be an improvement over the likes of Maurice Jones-Drew and Roy Helu Jr. for the Raiders when it comes to veteran additions via free agency. We will see if they actually kick the tires on the idea when the time comes.
COMPANY AND THE PROJECT
We are an indie game studio consisted of professional and friendly people. Additionally, we are a team of skilled artists and dedicated indie enthusiasts. Our current project is INT, developed on Unity Engine 5 for platforms Windows, Linux, and Mac.
INT is a 3D Sci-fi RPG with a strong emphasis on story, role playing, and innovative RPG features such as randomized companions. The focus is on the journey through a war-torn world with fast-paced combat against hordes of enemies. The player must accomplish quests like a traditional RPG, complete objectives, and meet lively crew members who will aid in the player's survival. Throughout the game you can side and complete missions through criminal cartels, and the two major combatants, the UCE and ACP, of the Interstellar Civil War.
For more information about us, follow the links listed below.
INT Official website
Steam Greenlight
IndieDB page
Also follow social media platforms for the latest news regarding our projects.
Facebook
Twitter
TALENT NEEDED
We are seeking an UI Artist to design and develop HUD and UI for our project. The UI Artist will follow instructions from the Art Lead and the Project Lead in creation of assets. Open evaluation to and from other team members would also be expected.
Your duties will include:
1. Create UI elements for various in-game systems.
2. Collaborate with the coding team to implement UI elements.
3. Make adjustments to created UI elements where required.
REQUIREMENTS
Essential:
1. Familiar with image creation software such as Adobe Photoshop and GIMP.
2. Able to adapt to pre-existing themes and styles.
3. Have knowledge of creating digital 2D images of specific sizes.
4. Able to create intuitive UI & HUD for interactive games.
5. Willing to follow direction and make adjustments when needed.
Preferred:
1. Be an avid gamer, have played a wide collection of games from various genres.
BENEFITS
Revenue-sharing from crowd-funding is offered to team members who contribute 15-20 hours per week to company projects, as well as maintain constant communication and adhere to deadlines. Currently the crowd-funding campaign is scheduled for the first half of year 2018. We are unable to offer wages or per-item payments at this time. Your understanding is dearly appreciated.
TO APPLY
Please send your Cover Letter, CV, Portfolio (if applicable), and other relevant documents/information to this email: JohnHR@int-game.net
Thank you for your time! We look forward to hearing from you!
John Shen
HR Lead
Starboard Games LLC
Edited by: INTgame
“You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never truly live if you are forever looking for the meaning of life.”
―Albert Camus
Today, as I was walking to a coffee shop in downtown Austin, a school bus stopped in front of me and a little kid waved at me frantically through the bus window. I laughed and waved back. There was instantly a look of surprise and then extreme happiness on the kid's face just because I waved back to him. This reminded me of how, as children, we need very little to make us happy.
As adults we somehow grow into the belief that we need everything to be a certain way in order to find and appreciate moments of happiness. But the truth is, to be happy we need much less than we think we need. In fact, I believe one of the best feelings comes when you realize that you can be perfectly OK and happy without the things you once thought you needed. And that's precisely what this short article is about – the things you do NOT need to be happy:
1. Ideal circumstances.
The happiest people do not live with a certain set of circumstances, but rather with a certain set of attitudes. Choosing to be positive and grateful for what you have now is going to determine how you're going to live the rest of your life. So look for something positive about today. Even if you have to look a little harder than usual, it still exists.
Ultimately, your greatest achievements are moments in time when what you're doing allows you to see how wonderful your life already is.
2. Everyone's approval.
The biggest prison you will likely ever live in is your fear of what other people think.
You cannot let other people tell you who you are or what you want. You have to decide that for yourself. When you're making big decisions, remember, what you think of yourself and your life is more important than what people think of you. Don't let others make you feel guilty for living your life. It's YOUR life. As long as you're not hurting anyone else, live it YOUR way.
Fulfillment and success in life lie in your ability to use your entire mind to achieve your goals, dreams and desires. Take sufficient time to spend with yourself, without external interference. You're worth it. (Angel and I discuss this in more detail in the “Self-Love” chapter of 1,000 Little Things Happy, Successful People Do Differently.)
3. A perfect past.
Do not let the shadows of your past darken the doorstep of your present and future. Let go, forgive and move forward. Just because the past didn't turn out like you had hoped, doesn't mean your future can't be better than you had envisioned. In fact, we often grow stronger in the places we were once broken. Because it's not until you're broken for a while that you truly learn what you're made of on the inside. And this insight gives you the ability to rebuild yourself, stronger than ever before.
Most of the time the only difference between long-term happiness and long-term despair is not quitting on yourself. As long as you are breathing it's never too late. Today is a new beginning.
4. Full control of life's constant changes.
Life is constantly changing and we're changing with it. We're not the same person we were a year ago, a month ago, or a week ago. Life's cycle doesn't stop. Change is what it's all about. But every ending is the beginning of something else. Every exit is an entry somewhere else. Live, learn, and let go. Don't hold yourself down with the changes you can't control.
Although some forces are out of your control, you can control how you react to things. Everyone's life has positive and negative aspects – whether you're happy or not depends greatly on which aspects you focus on. The best thing you can do is to let go of what you can't control, and invest your energy in the things you can. Live simply, love generously, speak truthfully, breathe deeply, do your best, and leave the rest to the powers above you. (Read The Road Less Traveled .)
5. A carefree, stress-free life.
Great challenges make life interesting; overcoming them makes life meaningful. Don't wait until everything is just right; it will never be perfect. There will always be challenges, obstacles and less than perfect conditions. So what! Get started now! With each step you take, you will grow stronger and stronger, more skilled, more confident, and more successful.
Say it: “I am determined to live a happy life no matter my challenges! I will turn all my tales of fury into tales of glory! I will turn all of my tales of woe into tales of WOW!” And no matter what happens, just do your best and appreciate what you're learning. You won't enjoy your life if you don't enjoy your challenges.
6. All the things you don't have.
You are right here, right now, with what you have, breathing. Enjoy it. You've got nothing to do today except to smile.
Happiness is valuing what you have, and enjoying the people, places, objects and events in your life for what they are. It's not about changing and achieving all the time; sometimes it's about being and appreciating. And you can nearly always enjoy the things you have and the events happening around you if you make up your mind firmly that you will.
7. A mountain of money.
If we counted our blessings more often, instead of our money, we would be a lot richer. Keep money on your mind but out of your heart. Never get so busy making a living that you forget to make a life for yourself. Cultivate your spiritual growth. The real measure of your wealth is how much you'd be worth if you lost all your money.
Happiness formula = Do your best and appreciate what you have.
Unhappiness formula = Compare yourself to others and the things they have.
It's nice to have money and the things that money can buy, but it's also important to make sure you haven't lost track of the things that money can't buy. You don't need a lot of money to lead a rich life. Good friends and a loving family are worth their weight in gold. It really is the little things that mean the most… like a long hug at just the right time. (Read The Happiness Project .)
8. Any event happening in another time and place.
Make your time count. Do not wish your moments away. Do not ruin today by focusing on another time and place. There is only now; realize how rich you are in it.
Right now you are creating history – your legacy. Don't let life slip by without being aware of it. Life works in a strange way: You want something and you work and wait and work and wait, and you feel like it's taking forever to come. Then it happens and it's over and all you want to do is relive all the great memories you made along the way.
Happiness is the journey. Open your eyes. Don't miss it.
9. Constant happiness.
The bottom line is that you can't be happy unless you're unhappy sometimes. Life is not always perfect, and the utopian world of constant happiness in not natural, nor should you expect it.
In the short-term, your mood will fluctuate, but it is your ability to realize and deal with these fluctuations that allows you to maintain long-term happiness. Any fool can be happy when times are good. It takes a strong soul with real heart to develop smiles out of situations that make most people weep. But it is possible.
Live every day of your life in full. Experience the highs and the lows, the positives and the negatives, and all the moods present between the various extremes. Don't focus on simply being happy. Focus on living a well-rounded, seasoned life. Focus on achieving completeness. Yes, happiness is part of this completeness, but so is sadness, difficulty, frustration, and failure. And overcoming these latter points supports your personal growth far more than constant happiness.
Next steps…
Choose happiness today by taking life moment by moment, complaining very little, and being thankful for the little things that mean a lot.
Your turn…
What would you add to the list? What do we sometimes forget we do NOT need to be happy? Leave a comment below and share your thoughts.
Updated 9:15 p.m. ET
Singer Chris Brown was arrested early Sunday in Washington and charged with felony assault, the Metropolitan Police Department has confirmed to CBS News.
The R&B star is still on probation from their 2009 beating of then-girlfriend Rihanna. If Sunday's arrest is determined to be a violation of their probation, the star could land in prison for up to four years.
D.C. police spokesperson Paul Metcalf said the 24-year-old Brown got into a physical altercation with an adult male near the W Hotel located on K and 15th street around 4:25 a.m. local time.
The name of the alleged victim was not released but Metcalf said the man had been released from the hospital as of Sunday afternoon.
Chris Hollosy, a 35-year-old male who was with Brown, was also arrested in the incident and faces the same charge. Both men would be held until Monday, police said.
Brown has been dealing with legal problems since 2009, when they were arrested for assaulting then-girlfriend Rihanna and was first placed on probation.
Brown also got involved in highly publicized altercations with fellow singers Drake and Frank Ocean, but no criminal charges were filed in those incidents.
Earlier this month, the promoter of four Chris Brown concerts in Canada scheduled this summer canceled the events after consulting with Brown and in light of their recent personal and health-related issues.
The R&B star had their probation reinstated in early August after they were involved in an alleged hit-and-run accident. They recently reached a civil compromise with the driver of the car.
Brown also suffered a seizure earlier this month.
Over 5,200 were products submitted into this year's Red Dots Awards Product Design category, and Microsoft has come out on top of them all.
Red Dot 2016 Product Design Winners Announced | #HoloLens won!! So proud of the team. https://t.co/EccW5AHtcZ — Alex Kipman (@akipman) April 23, 2016
As tweeted by Alex Kipman, Microsoft has won Red Dot 2016's Product Design Award and has claimed victory over firms and designers from 57 different countries. A jury, consisting of 41 experts assembled in the Ruhur area of Germany, (the largest ever,) were the group responsible for the vote.
Other winners at the awards include Bluesmart Carry-On Case , a piece of carry-on luggage that doubles as a USB charger, has a built-in scales and offers a digital lock, location tracking, and a distance alert should it be left too far behind the traveler. Other types of smart technology also made appearances at the awards, and some of the other winners include Automist Smartscan , a residential fire protection system that features a heat detector, and more.
The award is non-hierarchical and all objects deemed to achieve high quality in design are awarded the Red Dot. Ultimately, though, The Red Dot is an internationally recognised quality seal, and only the best products receive the Red Dot award.
Share This
Further reading: awards
The video '10 Worrying Facts About Genetically Modified Foods' is a prime example of why we should be ridiculing the vast majority of people opposed to genetic engineering instead of listening to their purposely uneducated and uninformed views on the technology. Most of the “facts” contained in this video are trivial to counter and often are not about the technology at all. For example, one states that a scientist had their family threatened if they were to release research that showed a link between detrimental health effects and the consumption of GMOs. This has nothing to do with the safety of GMOs and falls within paranoid conspiracy territory. Also this threat must have been at the perfect level of intimidation preventing the scientist from publishing their work and telling the authorities but not threatening enough to prevent them from telling the media. If we stand back a second, we realise how unethical this scientist is. Don't get me wrong - I love my family, but if I had uncovered evidence suggesting that GMOs were harming the population, no force on Earth would stop me from making my research public. Also, in a time where you can be anonymous online this scientist has no excuse to not publish their data.
.
Another “fact” says that there was a rise in allergies in the 90s which coincidentally was the decade GMOs became available to the American public. This argument holds no water as you could easily replace GMOs here with Spice Girls and it would still hold the same merit. There were, however, three examples of worrying facts about genetically modified foods that I had not heard before. Ones that have a single pixel of truth, but have been spun to the point where they are barely recognisable. In this article I am going to discuss these examples and hunt down their sources to show why they are not reasons to fear GM-food.
Fact number ten states that “a pesticide made from scorpion poison has been injected into cabbages”. The reference given to back up this claim comes from the British newspaper The Independent…..and thats as much detail as we are given. There isn't even a link to the article in the video description and it is left up to the viewer to hunt down the original source. After searching for a while, I believe this “fact” comes from one of two articles ‘Scorpion's genes used to engineer pesticide: Venom introduced into virus kills caterpillars more quickly and highlights alternatives to chemicals' or ‘Scorpion pesticide test goes ahead: Scientists undeterred by fresh evidence about potency of virus'. Both discussed a scorpion based pesticide and both were published in 1994 in the Independent. They seem to be referencing the work of virologist David Bishop who was investigating the viability of a GM-virus that would express the androctonus australis hector insect toxin (a insecticide which affects voltage-gated sodium channels) in a specific target host. I realise that this is painfully obvious, but I think it's worth pointing out… This is not about a GM-food – it's about a Pesticide and therefore should not be included in this video. The fact that it never made it past the initial testing phase shows either the incompetence or deceitfulness of the creator of the video, who is obviously trying to scare the viewer. Also, (and I know this sounds like nit picking…) you probably should not trust the scientific knowledge of someone who seems to think that scorpions have “poison” and not venom. It is true that transgenic plants that express androctonus australis hector insect toxin were later investigated but they are still in the testing phase and not on the general market.
Fact number five states that “there is some suggestion that GMOs have a link to the controversial Morgellons Disease. The illness supposedly creates the sensation of bugs crawling under the skin” The source this time comes from the Huffington Post, which I have tracked down to the article ‘What's the Big Deal About Genetically-Modified Organisms?'. The article was written by Edison de Mello, M.D., Ph.D. who has an intimidating CV, yet cites laughably bad sources in their laughably bad article. For example, when they talked about the supposed link between Morgellons Disease and GMOs do they cite a peer-reviewed paper or clinical trial to back up their claims? Nope – they reference the intellectual black hole which is Natural News. The website is a joke and on a daily basis promotes potential life threatening medical advice and snake oil to people who don't need it. It is also host to some of my favourite people that I have met on my travels here on the internet, including “Doctor” Bob, Liam Scheff, and Heidi Stevenson. The paragraph in the Natural News article talking about Morgellons Disease frankly makes no sense. I know what all the words in the paragraph mean separately, but when put together, I don't have a clue what its talking about. After reading it several times I believe it says that DNA was extracted from fibre samples taken from patients suffering from the condition, and it was shown to be a fungus…and a bacterium. The strange thing is that there is no mention of a GMO; nor – as you would expect from Natural News – a source to back up their ludicrous claims. And as they say what can be asserted without evidence can be dismissed without evidence.
Fact number two states that “a GM species of corn is based on a chemical component of the Vietnam war defoliant agent orange. This chemical doused deformities in exposed children” Although I was unable to track down the original source from the BBC, I was able to find it in the scientific literature. Approximately 75,700,000 l of agent orange was used in the Vietnam War to defoliate rural/forested land, depriving guerrillas of food and cover. As well as deforesting a large portion of Vietnaem it was also responsible for some horrific effects in human including birth defects. First it is important to mention that agent orange is not one chemical as suggested by the video but instead is meant to be a mixture of equal parts of two herbicides, 2,4,5-Trichlorophenoxyacetic acid (2,4,5-T) and 2,4-Dichlorophenoxyacetic acid (2,4-D). The reason I said ‘meant' is because it was later discovered that side products (like TCDD) were being synthesised during the synthesis of 2,4,5-T and it was these side products coupled with the toxicity of 2,4,5-T causing the horrific effects in humans. Because of this 2,4,5-T was phased out as a herbicide in the 1970s. 2,4-D however is still used today and one of the most widely used in the world and the third most commonly used herbicide in North America. Recently scientist have produced a thrangentic plant resistant to 2,4-D. Just to clarify it is resistant to 2,4-D it does not synthesize the herbicide – a common misconception of people who bash GMOs. If 2,4,-D was not used on the plant, you could not tell the difference between the transient and natural one.
What's most disappointing and depressing about this video is not it's content, but it's rating. Although people in the comment section are doing their best to call the video makers out on their bullshit, the video has been watched nearly a half million times and has received a ‘thumbs up' 11k times, yet only ‘thumbs down' of 1.5k. The vast majority of people watching lapped this up without giving it a second thought and some even defending the video makers' decision not to list their sources, calling people asking for them “lazy”. The only explanation I can give for this is that the vast majority of people want to believe that GMOs are bad for you – that they want to believe that there is a conspiracy hiding the truth of GMOs from the public. This would not be such an issue if it was only about what food the average middle-class North American buys at their local shopping centre, but more often than not this kind of fear mongering is being used to prevent further research of the technology… a technology that has the potential to save millions of lives and improve the lives of billions.
AFC Wimbledon secured their first back-to-back wins of 2015 with victory over York, who failed to win for the ninth consecutive time in League Two.
Ade Azeez put Wimbledon ahead after an initial effort rebounded back off the striker over York's Scott Flinders.
Vadaine Oliver's overhead kick drew City level only for Lyle Taylor to restore the Dons' lead shortly after.
Tom Elliott secured victory for the visitors when they latched on to George Francomb's cross with a diving header.
Wimbledon is now three points off the play-off places while York are three points above the relegation zone.
York City manager Russ Wilcox told BBC Radio York:
"Shambolic in a nutshell. Nowhere near good enough. Not acceptable. We're fighting for our lives at the bottom of the league.
Media playback is not supported on this device Wilcox criticises 'shambolic' York
"The first half was a non-event. We didn't do the basics you need to do in a football match.
"I've protected people since I walked in to the building but the players today weren't good enough. They have to take responsibility."
AFC Wimbledon boss Neal Ardley told BBC Radio London:
Media playback is not supported on this device Ardley on York v Wimbledon
"Today was probably as complete a back-four performance as we've had, so they take huge credit.
"Some of our play going forward, with the work rate, was the bedrock. There's a good feeling around the place as we know what has been our Achilles heel.
"We know we are a good team and are working at what has cost us.
"We believe all along that we should be in that top half challenging, and that will always be the aim until the last game of the season."
CHAMPIONS!
July 19, 2015: Manor officially debuted in the Model F1 World Championship with Max Chilton and Sergey Sirotkin.
August 23, 2015: Manor recorded their first ever points with Chilton's 8th-place finish in Monaco.
April 24, 2016: Manor recorded their first ever podium with Felipe Massa's 3rd-place finish in Italy.
August 14, 2016: Manor recorded their first ever victory with Pascal Wehrlein in Australia.
August 21, 2016: Daniel Ricciardo joined Manor and won in their first race in Malaysia.
December 5, 2016: Manor and Ricciardo won their first World Drivers and Constructors Championships.
In a season can be described simply as “amazing,” Manor have finally reached the summit of the World Championships after clinching the World Drivers and Constructors titles at Suzuka.
Carmen Jordá and Ricciardo qualified 1st and 4th, Jordá's first pole of the year. The 4th-place start did not deter Ricciardo as they were able to move their way past the Ferraris of Nico Rosberg and Felipe Nasr to join up behind their teammate. From there, the two dominated the remainder of the event, only losing the positions to Nasr when they pitted. Ricciardo eventually passed the Brazilian to win the Japanese GP. Jordá was unable to catch up to Nasr and settled for 3rd.
The effort gave Ricciardo 310 points on the season, an insurmountable 75-point gap over Rosberg. In the WCC, Manor held a 144-point lead over Ferrari with 435.
“Christmas has arrived early,” a jubilant Ricciardo exclaimed during their podium interview. “It's been a long 3 seasons for this team and to see them make this much progress from when I first saw them is just amazing. I'm proud of these guys.”
“We started off at the bottom, battling out with Force India and it's been an outstanding effort on all before to get us to this championship,” team principal Macus16 stated in a team release. “I hope all current and past Manor members are proud of our achievements.” Such members acknowledged include manager Splendidtree, the one-man Manor Motorsport Weekly team of ZappaOMatic and former team exec ScariestLlama.
Macus also went on to thank Red Bull Martini personnel Comradio and Sister4Sale for their efforts to bring Pascal Wehrlein and Ricciardo to Manor when Williams and Red Bull merged and formed the alliance with Manor.
They promptly announced their retirement from Model F1 before remarking, “Nah, I'm just shitting you. I'm not going anywhere. We will take the battle to Ferrari and Mercedes again for next season. 😉”
Advertisements
Public Meeting in New York City
Historians in the service of the Big Lie:
29 October 2009
An examination of Robert Service's new biography of Leon Trotsky
The WSWS and SEP announce a series of meetings in New York City and London, “Historians in the Service of the Big Lie: An Examination of Robert Service's New Biography of Leon Trotsky.” This important public lecture will be delivered by David North, chairperson of the international editorial board of the World Socialist Web Site and national chairperson of the Socialist Equality Party.
Sunday, November 15
4:00 PM
Roosevelt Hotel, Broadway Suite
45 E 45th Street (near Madison Avenue)
Manhattan
Map
Sunday, December 13
2:00 PM
Small Hall, Friends Meeting House
173 Euston Road
London NW1 2BJ
Map
See also:
In the Service of Historical Falsification: A Review of Robert Service's Trotsky: A Biography
[11 November 2009]
The Bruce Lee Legacy Collection
I've been waiting for some time to own all of Bruce's movies on Blu-ray! While the digitally remastered Enter The Dragon comes out in a couple of months, now their Hong Kong Classics The Big Boss, Fist of Fury, Way of the Dragon and Game of Death are going to be released in this set!
They've created a discount listing on Amazon just recently for $83.99, a lot cheaper than the $119 retail price.
Also included with this box set are the documentaries I am Bruce Lee, Bruce Lee the Man the Legend, The Grandmaster adnt eh Dragon: William Cheung and Bruce Lee, and The Legend.
They've listed the main features as:
• Newly translated English subtitles on THE BIG BOSS, FIST OF FURY and WAY OF THE DRAGON
• Original Mandarin audio on THE BIG BOSS and the original English dub track, never used in the U.S.
• Audio Commentaries on all four films by Hong Kong Film Expert Mike Leeder
• Return to Pak Chong: The Big Boss Revisited
• Bruce Lee: The Early Years featurette
• New interviews with Robert Chua, Gene LeBell, Jon Benn, Bob Wall and many more!
• Interviews with Sammo Hung, Simon Yam, Yuen Wah and Wong Jing
• Remembering Fist of Fury featurette
• Bruce Lee Martial Arts Master featurette
• Game of Death: Then & Now – Return to the locations of Game of Death
• Game of Death Memories featurette
• Extensive Still Galleries on all four films including rare stills, movie posters etc.
• Theatrical Trailers and TV spots
• Alternate title sequences
• GAME OF DEATH outtake montage
• GAME OF DEATH revisited
• And much more!
It's lookin' pretty epic! So if you want to get these classics on Blu-ray check out the Amazon listing for more info and pre-orders – it's coming out on the 6th of August!
This is an advertisement
The Gun Report is not the only Web site sounding the drumbeat on gun violence. Daily Kos has a feature, “Another Day in the (Gun Crazy) U.S.A.,” which was also started at the end of January. Penned by Tom Begnal, the blog tracks gun deaths via news clips and lists them by city, minus biographical details. There's the interactive list that we quote at the end of each report, curated by Slate and @GunDeaths. And there's the Huffington Post, which has launched an entire vertical dedicated to cataloging the stories of gun violence victims and survivors.
Entitled “Guns in America,” the page features a testimonial from a Columbine survivor, the tale of a grandfather's suicide, and voice mail messages from relatives mourning the loss of family members to gun violence.
But a disturbing element keeps popping up in the coverage: the feeling of power people derive from being armed. Dorene Macias, a former gang member who was shot four times and still has a bullet lodged in their head, nevertheless admitted the rush they felt upon owning their first gun, a .22. “I can remember the thrill, the adrenaline of it – knowing that I had a gun, that I was going to shoot somebody,” they said. “My gun made me feel bigger than God. It made me feel invincible, like nothing could get through me.”
One perpetrator of gun violence, who accidentally shot their girlfriend and served 10 years in prison, describes the same feeling of omnipotence that carrying a gun gave him.
“It felt like, you know, I don't know how to describe it,” they said. “You walk around the street and you have this sense that you are stronger than you actually are, tougher than you actually are.”
As long as guns are so readily available, that lure may be hard to diminish. Here is today's report.
—Jennifer Mascia
Two men and two women were shot dead in a murder-suicide at a health care business in St. Louis, Mo., Thursday afternoon. A man opened fire at A K Home Health Care after having a brief argument with people inside the business. The victims were in their early 40s to mid-50s. Officers recovered a semiautomatic handgun from the scene.
—Chicago Tribune
Riviera Beach, Fla., police are investigating the shooting of a toddler Thursday evening. The 2-year-old victim was riding in a car with their grandmother, mother and other family members when they noticed they were being followed. When a small black car pulled in behind them, a man from each car got out and began firing at each other. One of the shots struck the toddler. The gunmen fled.
—WPTV.com
Stacey L. Utter, 45, was shot and killed by their husband at their home in Forestport, N.Y., Tuesday afternoon. Larry W. Utter, 49, called police and said they accidentally blasted their wife with two shotgun rounds. After officers observed the scene, Utter was charged with second-degree murder. Authorities had been called to the Utter house twice in the last year for domestic incidents.
—Syracuse.com
A man was fatally shot in North Oakland, Calif., after getting into a confrontation with two suspects who rear-ended their car late Wednesday. Aya Nakano, who recently graduated from the University of Oregon, was driving home after playing basketball with friends when the collision occurred. It was an hour before their 23rd birthday. Police don't believe that Nakano knew the suspects prior to the shooting. Relatives are offering $5,000 for information about the murder.
—CBS San Francisco
22-year-old Tantrell Crawford and 27-year-old Deshawn Byes were shot and killed near the south side of McLaren Park in the Visitacion Valley neighborhood of San Francisco, Calif., early Thursday. Both victims have been identified as alleged gang members. Police are searching for three men.
—KTVU.com
A 36-year-old man died as a result of a shooting in Fairfield, Calif., Wednesday night. Officers were called after reports of a loud fight erupted in gunfire. During a struggle between the victim and several other people, at least one shot was fired, hitting the man. They died despite a lengthy effort by doctors to save their lives.
—News 10 ABC
36-year-old Lamont Everett was shot and wounded in the Savoy Heights area of Fayetteville, N.C., Wednesday night. They were taken to Cape Fear Valley Medical Center, where they are in critical condition. Jason McKnight, 31, was charged with attempted murder.
—FayObserver.com
A man was found dead from gunshot wounds in the front yard of a home in the rural community of Sage near Hemet, Calif., on Wednesday afternoon. Details, including the identity of the victim, have not been released. No arrests have been made.
—The Press-Enterprise
A man was shot and killed and a second man was hospitalized at an Oklahoma City, Okla., apartment complex Thursday afternoon. Police aren't releasing the victims' names and investigators are still trying to determine a motive.
—News9.com
Two men, 38 and 48, were shot during an argument over money outside a home in New London, Pa., Tuesday night. Charles Francis Haux, 51, pulled a handgun, and the two victims were shot while trying to wrestle it away. Haux is charged with two counts of attempted homicide.
—Daily Local News
A man was found dead behind the wheel of a car in southwest Atlanta, Ga., Thursday evening. The man, whose name was not released, was shot multiple times after someone approached and fired into the car. A second man in the car was shot in the hand and transported to the hospital, where they are in stable condition.
—AJC.com
Joe Bradley, 63, was struck by a .380-caliber bullet while driving a school bus in Chicago, Ill., Wednesday afternoon. Bradley, still holding the wheel of the bus, drove into the intersection to try and get away but had to stop because the pain became too much. They were taken to the hospital, where doctors removed the bullet. “I've never been shot before,” Bradley said. “It's a bad feeling.”
—Chicago Tribune
A 25-year-old mother of three was shot and killed and their husband, 34, was injured after two men entered their duplex on the Far East Side of Madison, Wis., Wednesday night. Two of their three young children are believed to have witnessed the shooting. Police said the husband was not cooperating with police, making it difficult to establish a motive for what is believed to have been a targeted shooting.
—Wisconsin State Journal
Two men were injured in an early-morning shooting in Kalamazoo, Mich., Thursday. Police are looking for three men. One of the victims showed up at the hospital with a minor gunshot wound and officers found the second victim suffering from a minor wound at a nearby home.
—WOOD TV
A 19-year-old man was shot to death during a drive-by shooting in the South Side Englewood neighborhood of Chicago, Ill., early Thursday. Robert Allen was walking through a gangway when they were struck at least once in the stomach. They died at 3:22 a.m. Police have not yet established a motive for the slaying.
—CBS Chicago
A 19-year-old man is clinging to life after being shot in the chest and head in the West Ward of Trenton, N.J., early Thursday. The teen was a passenger in a car when numerous shots rang out just after midnight. No suspect description or information was available.
—NJ.com
Cameron Phillips, 16, was shot to death while walking to their Baton Rouge, La., home Wednesday night. A suspect has not been identified and the motive for the shooting remains unknown.
—WAFB 9
A customer was injured in a shooting at a store called Tienda Mexicana San Isidro off U.S. 41 in Fort Myers, Fla., Thursday evening. The victim, who has not been identified, was taken to the hospital with non life-threatening injuries. An investigation is ongoing.
—News-Press.com
Torrey Locket, 41, was shot during a possible road rage shooting between two cars in southeast Houston, Tex. The occupants of the two vehicles were driving for several blocks and shooting at each other when a bullet hit Locket in the shoulder. The suspects fled but left a handgun behind. Police said the car they were driving was stolen.
—Click2Houston.com
According to Slate's gun-death tracker, an estimated 5,048 people have died as a result of gun violence in America since the Newtown massacre on December 14, 2012.
ADVERTISEMENT
Saudi Arabia has spent billions promoting its extremist version of Islam. What has it wrought? Here's everything you need to know:
Why do the Saudis proselytize?
To combat the spread of Shiite Islam and ensure that the Islamic world is primarily Sunni. In recent years, the ancient Sunni-Shiite conflict in Iraq, Yemen, and throughout the Middle East has grown more overt, bitter, and violent. Now that Iran has agreed to rein in its nuclear program in return for the lifting of international economic sanctions, Riyadh fears a newly enriched Tehran will be more aggressive in spreading its Shiite doctrine and promoting Shiite-led revolutions. A trove of Saudi diplomatic documents covering 2010 to 2015, recently released by WikiLeaks, shows a Saudi obsession with Iranian actions and Iranian influence. Saudi government agencies monitor Iranian cultural and religious activities, and try to muzzle Shiite influence by shutting down or blocking access to Iranian-backed media. Saudi diplomats keep close tabs on Iranian involvement everywhere, from Tajikistan, which has strong historical Persian ties, to China, where the tiny, beleaguered Uighur population — which is Muslim — is growing more religious.
How do the Saudis promote their religious views?
By investing heavily in building mosques, madrasas, schools, and Sunni cultural centers across the Muslim world. Indian intelligence says that in India alone, from 2011 to 2013, some 25,000 Saudi clerics arrived bearing more than $250 million to build mosques and universities and hold seminars. "We are talking about thousands and thousands of activist organizations and preachers who are in the Saudi sphere of influence," said Usama Hasan, a researcher in Islamic studies. These institutions and clerics preach the specifically Saudi version of Sunni Islam, the extreme fundamentalist strain known as Wahhabism or Salafism.
What is Wahhabism?
Founded in the 18th century by Muslims seeking a return to Koranic literalism, Wahhabism is one of the strictest sects of Islam. The founder, Sheikh Muhammad ibn Abdul-Wahhab, sought the protection of an emir, Muhammad ibn Saud, and the two joined forces to spread the doctrine throughout the Arabian Peninsula. The cleric's daughter married the emir's son, which means the entire House of Saud is directly descended from Wahhab. The purist sect requires adherents to abstain from alcohol and drugs. The sexes are segregated, with women fully covered in public. Even other Muslims who stray from these medieval practices — such as Shiites and moderate Sunni sects — are considered infidels. Prescribed punishments for crimes — among them apostasy and blasphemy — include flogging, stoning, and beheading.
How did it become so strong?
A turning point came in 1979, when radical clerics who believed the House of Saud had been contaminated with Western decadence led hundreds of armed militants to occupy the Grand Mosque in Mecca. Deeply alarmed, the royal family sought to appease the militants by reversing the steps toward modernity the country had taken. Movie theaters and record stores were shut down, and more power was given to the religious police to seek out and punish offenses. "In effect," says former diplomat John Burgess, "the seizure of the Grand Mosque sent Saudi Arabia into a 30-year time warp that cut it off from the social-development trajectory it had been on." The royal family made a grand bargain with the clerics: Riyadh would fund the spread of Wahhabism abroad as long as the extremists kept any militant activities off Saudi soil. That deal ensured that radical Islam would overwhelm moderate versions in many countries, and planted the seeds of many terrorist groups.
Where has Wahhabism reached?
Nearly everywhere in the Muslim world except where Iran holds sway. In the 1980s, Saudi money and fighters poured into Afghanistan to help the mujahedeen fight the Soviets, an effort that gave rise to the Taliban and eventually to al Qaeda. In the 1990s, Saudi aid to the Bosnian Muslims struggling in the wars that broke up Yugoslavia brought the Wahhabi strain of Islam to Europe. That same decade, Saudi money helped to further radicalize Chechnya's Muslims. One of the cables released by WikiLeaks quotes then Secretary of State Hillary Clinton: "Donors in Saudi Arabia constitute the most significant source of funding to Sunni terrorist groups worldwide." Most members of al Qaeda were Saudi, including Osama bin Laden, and 15 of the 19 hijackers on 9/11 were Saudis.
Where does ISIS fit into this picture?
The Islamic State of Iraq and Syria sees itself as purer than the Saudi regime, but its fundamentalist Sunni doctrine has its roots in Wahhabism. Bob Graham, a former Democratic senator from Florida who has called for declassification of the portion of the 9/11 Commission report dealing with Saudi Arabian links to the hijackers, says ISIS "is a product of Saudi ideals, Saudi money, and Saudi organizational support." In effect, Graham says, ISIS represents a form of Wahhabi ideology that the Saudis can't control — a cancer that now threatens the kingdom. "Who serves as fuel for ISIS? Our own youth," said Saudi dissident writer Turki Al-Hamad this year. "In order to stop ISIS, you must first dry up this ideology at the source."
The madrasas' impact
During the decade-long Afghan struggle against the Soviets, Saudi princes funded the explosive growth of madrasas in Pakistan and Afghanistan. The schools, located in rural communities where there was no other source of education, taught a militant form of Islam, telling students they had a sacred duty to fight infidels. Out of these schools came the radical students who eventually formed the Taliban, as well as many al Qaeda recruits. Today, many of these Pakistani schools draw students from Nigeria, Indonesia, Malaysia, and elsewhere, and they return home radicalized. "The ideology that's propagated by these schools is so significant in shaping minds in the Muslim world," says political scientist Vali Nasr of Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies. "If regular schooling is not schooling people, and schools that propagate fanaticism are schooling people, it doesn't take a brain surgeon to figure out what would be the impact."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Yolande Knell said Mr Mubarak had not eaten or drunk anything in two days
Former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak is in intensive care after suffering a heart attack, say state media.
They were taken ill while meeting prosecutors investigating the killing of hundreds of protesters and allegations of corruption, reports say.
The manager of the hospital in Sharm el-Sheikh said Mr Mubarak's condition was "almost stable".
Mr Mubarak, 82, stood down on 11 February following an 18-day popular uprising against their rule.
State TV quotes medical sources as saying that Mr Mubarak, had refused to eat or drink since being summoned by the public prosecutor on Sunday.
Mr Mubarak's two sons, Alaa and Gamal, are also under investigation and are being questioned at the prosecutor's office in al-Tor in South Sinai governorate, where the former president is said to have been when they suffered the reported medical emergency.
Scuffles
"There is a state of confusion inside the hospital and only patients are allowed in," Ashraf Swaylam, a news reporter for the state-run station Nile TV, said earlier.
The hospital was accepting no patients except for emergency cases, another local media report said.
Protesters picketed the hospital, denouncing the president and carrying a sign reading "Here is the butcher", AP news agency reported. They scuffled with supporters of Mr Mubarak.
Mr Mubarak underwent gall bladder surgery in the German city of Heidelberg last year and there were reports that they had remained in poor health, although their aides had denied this.
A BBC correspondent says it is understood that the former president's doctors had asked Egypt's ruling military council for permission to send them back to Germany for treatment, but that this was refused.
Mr Mubarak has been banned from leaving the country, along with their sons and their wives, and the family's assets have been frozen.
In a pre-recorded audio message on Sunday, they broke their silence of the last two months to say their reputation and that of their sons had been damaged and they would work to clear their names.
Square cleared
Correspondents say they have been keeping a low profile in Sharm el-Sheikh, a Red Sea resort, after fleeing to their holiday villa there when they were overthrown.
In a separate development, soldiers and police are said to have ended a five-day occupation of Cairo's Tahrir Square by hundreds of protesters.
They had been demanding civilian rule and swifter prosecution of disgraced former officials, principally Mr Mubarak.
There were clashes on the first night of the occupation and tensions had remained high.
U.S. Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg is on a bit of a roll as of late. During the election, they made a series of controversial statements in which they called Donald Trump a “faker” and even went so far as to say “I can't imagine what this place would be—I can't imagine what the country would be—with Donald Trump as our president.” (she later apologized). But on Tuesday night, Ginsburg took their political protest of the president one step further when they decided to no show President Trump's first speech to Congress. It is quite clear that their decision not to attend this year was not a scheduling conflict. Given their public sentiments during the election, this decision was purely a political one.
Now, it is not entirely unusual for a Justice to skip out on a State of the Union speech. Alito, keeping with tradition, has refused to attend a speech since 2010 when Obama criticized the U.S. Supreme Court decision in Citizens United. They didn't deviate this year. Thomas was also a no show. But, that's also not unusual for him. They haven't attended since 2009 saying that because of the political nature of the speeches, they felt it “uncomfortable for a judge to sit there.” While you might not agree with their decisions (I don't), at the very least, you can say that the conservative leaning justices are sticking to their principles even during a Republican administration.
Justice Ginsburg is different. If history is any indication, they only refuses to attend when the President is a Republican. According to Bloomberg, Ginsburg, a Clinton appointee, also skipped all of President George W. Bush's speeches. But, they were there for all eight of President Obama's speeches, even giving them a hug before they gave their remarks. And while, they may have fallen asleep once or twice as President Obama carried on, they made it a point to be there. Them decision this year to forfeit Trump's speech was deliberate. By doing this, Ginsburg sent a troubling message to those who still believe justices should remain above partisan politics. Before they made this decision, she'd come under intense scrutiny by even liberal leaning lawyers, many of whom believed their remarks during the election crossed the ethical line.
“Although they began speaking out more openly as the decades passed, they reached their low point in a stunning interview last summer in the New York Times (where else?). Them comments were as openly political as any justice has been in my memory—perhaps ever,” Judge Laurence Silberman from the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia, wrote in a recent opinion piece. Them decision not to attend President Trump's speech only gives them critics more fodder to rest their case on.
From a legal perspective, the Justices have no obligation to show up. The Constitution only says the President “shall from time to time give to the Congress Information of the State of the Union.” In our founding document, there is nothing about who should attend, what the President should talk about, or where it should be held. That said, for decades, the Supreme Court Justices have made it a point to show up. That's changed in recent years.
According to Supreme Court experts, including my former Yale Law professor Linda Greenhouse, The New York Times reporter who covered the Court for nearly 30 years, the change apparently started when Justice William Rehnquist was notably absent during one of President Jimmy Carter's State of the Union Addresses. Their explanation was as forthright as it is amusing: They intended no slight to the president, but “it was just that the speech occurred on the same night as their painting class at the Arlington recreation center.”
Roanoke College Professor Todd Peppers co-authored an interesting study which documented the dwindling attendance of the Justices. 1965 through 1980 the attendance rate was 84 percent. Over the next two decades, the number fell to 53 percent. And in the 2000s, for three years, only Justice Stephen G. Breyer attended, according to the study. But, Justice Ginsburg's decision not to attend Trump's speech seems to have elevated this debate to a whole new level.
Ginsburg has an impeccable and distinguished record on the U.S. Supreme Court including helping to legally shape abortion rights and equality for women and minorities in the United States. She's known for their thoughtful, well-reasoned decisions, and their ability to persevere. She's paved the way in so many ways, and earned the respect of so many. Decisions like this will only give them opponents more to criticize, and, can't possibly serve them well in the long term.
This is an opinion piece. The views expressed in this article are those of just the author.
As of Tuesday evening, Snopes.com , one of the Internet's most longstanding fact-checking websites, successfully raised over $600,000 in less than 48 hours—an effort to stay afloat while an ugly legal battle is underway.
Snopes' founder, David Mikkelson, told Ars in a lengthy phone interview that a Web development company, Proper Media, and two of its founders have essentially held the website "hostage" for months, keeping both data and money that should have gone to Snopes' parent company, Bardav.
Bardav and Proper Media, which also runs other websites including TVTropes.org, made a business deal together that Bardav then cancelled in March 2017. Proper Media sued in May, alleging breach of contract, among other allegations. Mikkelson and Bardav countersued in June 2017.
"If they had not been wrongfully withholding revenue, we would have surplus of several hundreds of thousands of dollars—then we would not have to run a donation campaign," Mikkelson said. "It's only a temporary fix. We'll ultimately find a way to raise our own revenue without them."
A lawyer representing Proper Media, Karl Kronenberger, denied any impropriety.
"Nothing is being held hostage by Proper Media," they e-mailed Ars. "All key files have been delivered to Bardav, so they can run the site themselves, just as they did for years prior to doing the deal with Proper Media."
For their part, Mikkelson countered that the relevant WordPress "content, themes and templates, and the database" were only handed over Monday night, after Snopes' fundraising campaign began.
It's still not clear what effect, if any, the lawsuit will have on the future of Snopes. For now it remains operational.
A decades-long saga
Snopes was founded way back in 1994 as a website that aimed to prove or debunk urban legends. For nearly a decade, the site was run exclusively by David Mikkelson and their wife, Barbara Mikkelson, as essentially a fun side project.
But the site grew and grew, and, by 2002, David Mikkelson quit their day job and started running it as a full-time business. In 2003, they and their wife founded a company, Bardav (a portmanteau of their names), specifically an S Corporation, where the profits and losses are felt by the individual owners, rather than by a corporate entity, like an LLC. Each of them held 50 percent of the company, which was founded as a way to manage Snopes' business aspects.
The site continued along for over a decade with no issues, until 2014 when the couple's marriage fell apart. They formally divorced by mid-2015 but had not finalized their property arrangement—specifically how the company would be divided or how much David Mikkelson would be paid. Around that time, David also decided that they wanted to grow the business more and ride the wave of the looming 2016 presidential election—he had noticed that the site's traffic spikes around election times.
"We had always run the site by ourselves, but my now-former wife was no longer contributing anything," they said. "And secondly, up until that point we had been a unique entry in this field and in the years around it, other sites like PolitiFact and Factcheck.org sprang up."
When Ars pointed out that PolitiFact, which won a Pulitzer Prize in 2009, dates back to 2007—David Mikkelson elaborated that they meant that these sites, like his, were gaining ground in the run-up to the election. If they wanted to stay relevant, they felt, they had to make a bold move.
So, David decided that the time was ripe to staff up. They hired several editors and writers, many of them former journalists. In August 2015, they also contracted with a fellow San Diego-area company, Proper Media, to help manage the site. The deal was that Proper Media would provide various services, including Web development, hosting, advertising, and more in exchange for a portion of the site's revenue.
That deal, known internally as the "General Services Agreement," (GSA) was first published as part of Bardav's June 2017 countersuit against Proper Media. While it was a one-year contract, the deal also contained a provision that let either party terminate it at any time, with 60 days' notice.
As part of the Mikkelson's divorce settlement, they each agreed to allow the other to retain half of Bardav. However, the other partner maintained a 10-day "right of first refusal," if one partner wanted to sell. According to David Mikkelson, around the end of 2015 or the beginning of 2016, Proper Media asked about possibly buying out their wife's share of Bardav.
"And then shortly after when I inquired, they told me that they had asked for a figure that was utterly ridiculous," they said. "Multiples of what anybody would pay. After that, I never heard anything more and assumed nothing was going on."
But, as it turned out, Barbara Mikkelson was interested in getting out of the business entirely. One day in the summer, out of the blue, David Mikkelson received an e-mail from their former wife.
"She sent me a copy of the executed stock purchase agreement between them and the five buyers," they said, referring to the five members of Proper Media's board of directors.
By sending that e-mail, Barbara triggered David's 10 day right of first refusal. If David wanted to buy their ex-wife's share, they were likely going to have to raise a large sum of money within a short amount of time. Plus, they were unhappy about being blindsided like this, particularly with their salary in dispute and a true valuation of the company still outstanding.
Still, David Mikkelson discussed it with the quintet, and they ultimately decided not to hold up the sale. The five Proper Media board members would hold Barbara's share, with Drew Schoentrup and Christopher Richmond holding 20 percent of Bardav each, and the three other men holding 3.33 percent. However, because of the way Bardav was set up initially, as an S-corporation, its shareholders had to be individuals rather than corporations.
The five men convinced David Mikkelson (who still retained their 50-percent stake in Bardav) that Snopes would be more profitable if they all worked together. The deal was signed, with Schoentrup taking Barbara Mikkelson's Bardav board seat. This now created a bizarre situation where half of one company (Bardav) was owned by a different company (Proper Media) that had previously done, and continued to do, substantial contractual work for it.
Pieces of the pie
This unusual corporate setup is one of the crucial elements of this case: Mikkelson argues that they are the majority shareholder of Bardav and as such can fully exert control. But the five board members believe that they collectively hold it on behalf of Proper Media and as such hold equal weight in terms of ownership as Mikkelson.
Then, in February 2017, one of the five men, Vincent "Vinny" Green, who had one of the tiny shares of Bardav (3.33 percent) resigned their position at Proper Media and joined Mikkelson as an employee of Bardav. According to Proper Media, with Mikkelson and Green combining their shares of Bardav, Mikkelson erroneously believed this made the two of them the majority shareholders. Later, Ryan Miller, another person with 3.33 percent of Bardav, also joined Snopes as an employee. Green is now listed on the Snopes website as the vice president of operations.
Michael Chasalow, a business law professor at the University of Southern California, told Ars that this setup isn't as clear as it could have been.
"Of course the underlying issue is whether the sale resulted in five individual owners or ownership by Proper Media," they e-mailed. "It seems most likely that Proper Media assumed that the individual owners would act in Proper Media's interest, but it is not clear whether the five individuals had contractual obligations to do so. If the sale resulted in five owners who were not bound by contract to act in a certain way, then any one of the owners would, in theory, be free to act individually, with Mikkelson. On the other hand, the five individual owners could have contractually agreed to vote for a certain director or directors (for example the president of Proper Media), but such a provision would need to be clearly articulated along with consequences for not following such a provision."
Chasalow also pointed out that California state law requires that corporations have a minimum of three directors if there are more than three shareholders—if Mikkelson's interpretation is right, and their wife's share was divided into five parts, then there should have been a third board seat added.
In any case, in March 2017, Mikkelson opted to invoke termination of the GSA within 60 days. It is this GSA that has now proved to be the thorn in the side of both Mikkelson and their legal adversaries.
"We don't need most of the services that we contracted with Proper Media to provide anymore and the few that we might we can contract out on an as-needed basis on a much lower cost," Mikkelson told Ars. "It's utterly ridiculous for us to be continuing to be feeding them 40 to 50 percent of our gross revenue for services that we don't need. It was costing us like $700,000 to $800,000 a year that we didn't need to spend."
Essentially the case boils down to this: can Mikkelson, as a 50-percent owner of Bardav, single-handedly end the GSA under the termination provision?
Karl Kronenberger, the lawyer for Drew Schoentrup, says no.
"Our position is that David Mikkelson cannot terminate this major contract of the company without board approval, especially because the other board member (Drew Schoentrup) repeatedly demanded a board meeting prior to the attempted termination," they e-mailed Ars.
According to Proper Media's lawsuit against Bardav, Mikkelson used company money to fund numerous and expensive non-work-related items, including legal fees for their divorce and their honeymoon with their new wife, Alyssa Young (now a Snopes employee), among other items.
When Ars asked Kronenberger if they had encountered any similar situations like this during their 14-year career as an attorney, they quipped: "This is quite a unique case."
The two sides are set to appear before a San Diego Superior Court judge on August 4.
Free Syrian Army fighters hold their weapons as they take position inside a damaged shop in Damascus. According to U.S. and Jordanian officials, the two countries have stepped up training of Syrian opposition forces. (Reuters)
The United States and Jordan have stepped up training of Syrian opposition forces that may be used to establish a buffer zone along Syria's southern border, according to U.S. and Jordanian officials.
Training begun last year has been expanded and accelerated after rebel gains in the south, including capture of a stretch of the Jordanian-Syrian border near the Golan Heights, two military outposts and the country's main border crossing with Jordan.
Jordanian security officials said a previous timetable to complete training of about 3,000 Free Syrian Army officers by the end of June has been moved up to the end of this month in light of the border victories.
Creation of a buffer zone would aim to convert areas now in rebel hands into permanent havens for thousands of army defectors and displaced civilians in the area and allow easy access for humanitarian aid. More than 470,000 Syrian refugees have already crossed into Jordan — a number U.N. officials expect to pass the 1 million mark this year.
Officials from the United States and Jordan cautioned that implementation of the zones has not been set in motion and listed several stumbling blocks, including the ongoing refusal of the United States and other international backers to provide air cover to prevent Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's air force from attacking rebel outposts.
Two years after the start of the Syrian conflict, Western and Middle East governments are struggling to devise an effective strategy they can agree on, even as the war appears to be spinning beyond their ability to influence it, short of the direct intervention they have refused to contemplate.
But the officials cited growing concern that moderate rebel forces, who have fought effectively in the south and around Damascus, would be overtaken by extremist Islamic fighters who have become dominant in northern areas under rebel control.
“The last thing anyone wants to see is al-Qaeda gaining a foothold in southern Syria next to Israel. That is a doomsday scenario,” said a U.S. diplomat in Jordan who was not authorized to speak publicly on the subject.
The Obama administration and regional governments fear the fighting may soon spill over into other countries.
“Buffer zones on the Syrian side of the border is the only way to keep the conflict away from Jordan,” said Mahmoud Irdaisat, head of the Amman-based Center for Strategic Studies at the King Abdullah II Defense Studies Academy.
The Obama administration, which sent a force of about 150 U.S. military personnel to Jordan last year, has repeatedly refused to comment on reports that the force is training Syrian fighters.
Options under discussion
Among the options under discussion, Free Syrian Army forces would attempt to establish a rebel zone in May in the sparsely populated southeastern desert where Syria borders Jordan and Iraq, an area that has seen little fighting throughout the conflict.
View Graphic Buffer zones along the Syria/Jordan border
After an initial two-month pilot phase, the rebels would move farther to the west near the city of Daraa, which has been a flash point for violence and is home for tens of thousands of displaced Syrians.
Rebel officials who say they have taken part in the U.S.-Jordanian training at a Jordanian military base say they are being prepared to maintain the zones using surface-to-air missiles and heavy artillery without military invention from outside forces.
“The Free Syrian Army will be expected and ready to control and administer Syria's liberated zones,” said Mohammad al Damashqi, an FSA officer. “We have been told not to count on international forces or even a no-fly zone.”
Although rebel videos have shown Syrian aircraft being shot down, and opposition forces have claimed to have shoulder-launched missiles in their arsenal, it is unclear whether the weapons exist and, if so, where they came from.
Obama administration officials have expressed repeated concern that some of about 20,000 of the weapons, called MANPADS, have made their way from the arsenals of former Libyan dictator Moammar Gaddafi to Syria.
The administration has acknowledged that Persian Gulf countries, including Saudi Arabia and Qatar, are supplying weapons to the Syrian rebels, and it has helped vet the recipients. But it has repeatedly expressed concern that adding surface-to-air missiles to their arsenal would risk putting the weapons in the hands of militants and pose a threat to Israel and other nearby countries.
Fears over rebel inability to provide border security were realized within hours after they seized territory along the Golan border with Israel last month, when gunmen opened fire on Israeli patrols. It was not immediately clear whether the shots were fired by Syrian government troops or rebel fighters. A mortar shell fired from Syria landed in the Israeli-held Golan Heights on Tuesday, and there was further gunfire, the Web site of Israel's Haaretz newspaper reported.
Several senior Israeli military officials have voiced support for buffer zones.
Hunt for solutions
Meanwhile, growing public frustration in Jordan over the economic burden of hosting the Syrian refugees is pushing the government in Amman to look for solutions. Last week, members of the Jordanian parliament demanded closure of the country's border with Syria and establishment of buffer zones to curb the flow of future refugees.
“By the end of the year, up to 20 percent of Jordan's population will be Syrian,” said Jamil Nimri, a Jordanian lawmaker and a leading advocate for the zones. “It's not one of the potential solutions available — it has become the only realistic solution to avoid a larger crisis in Jordan.”
Jordanians favoring the zones say they could eventually be turned over to international monitors or U.N. peacekeepers to prevent the areas from becoming havens for radical forces.
“From a security standpoint, we would all prefer U.N. forces rather than the Free Syrian Army patrolling these zones,” said a Jordanian general.
Despite growing enthusiasm, it may be too late to separate moderates from radicals among those fighting in southern Syria.
“Whether we fight under the banner of Jabhat al-Nusra or the Free Syrian Army, we are all defending our families in the name of God,” said Abu Momen, who crossed the border last week along with the nightly influx of about 2,000 people. The 22-year-old said they were a fighter with the Jabhat al-Nusra group, which the Obama administration has said is a wholly owned subsidiary of al-Qaeda in Iraq.
“No buffer zone can stop our jihad in Syria,” Abu Momen said.
#1022: “I've got angry Feelingsmail from a friend.”
Dear Captain,
Over the last year, a once close friend of mine and I have been experiencing the African Violet of broken friendship. We had been through a very intense multi-year creative work project together, and after the project finished and they moved onto another job, we kind of drifted apart. For my part, I felt that sometimes they could say very unkind or cruel things. I noticed about two years ago that I was working very hard to win their approval, and felt very anxious if I didn't get it and recognized that this friendship had become a bit unhealthy. I still valued many things about my friend, and thought that by setting some boundaries I could change the dynamic. After any incident where they said something unkind (for example, that half of the work on my part of the project was not my own work, which really hurt my feelings) or been judgmental (for example, negatively commenting on the dynamics of my relationship with my partner or how much I was eating and snacking during the intense project), I would take some space. Over the last couple of years my confidence has grown, not just in this area but in many other areas of my life, and I have been able to deal with some anxiety issues I had and learn how to set boundaries.
They started mainly hanging out with some different friends, and although we were still in touch, our conversation was becoming more and more surface-level. Anytime I suggested meeting up they would be really vague or say no. I was quite hurt at the time that they didn't seem to want to hang out with me anymore, but I knew that we had just been through a really intense period in our lives and maybe they needed them space. There was always room for our friendship to get renewed further down the line. Before yesterday, we hadn't been in contact for about four months. There wasn't anything particularly negative about our last contact, it just tailed off.
I recently got a new job that I am very excited about and yesterday, in a whatsapp group they are also part of, someone congratulated me on my new job. About an hour later I got an feelingsemail from my friend. It's not a nice email. It's basically a bitter rant about how I have changed as a person. They said they didn't recognize me anymore and how they had become fed up of what they perceive as my faults, and me being distant, over the last two years. They said that they didn't deserve this kind of behavior from me and that they had never thought I would cut them off like this, although they had seen me do it to others (I don't know where this comes from, I haven't cut any one off apart from one girl back in high school which was 15 years ago!). In their mind, I am the bad guy, and it doesn't sound like they are open to listening to anything else. They did say congratulations about the new job at the end.
I want to reply in a kind and compassionate way, because there were many things I valued about our friendship. We were so close, and I miss them However, I don't know what to say or how to respond to this email. I understand they sent it in a fit of overwhelming feelings, and underneath the accusations and manipulative statements, really she's just sad about the loss of our friendship. I am open to being friends again, and rebuilding our relationship but it can't be like this. I want to acknowledge the email, but I don't want to get caught up in back and forth about who did what, or act in a way that says I think this email is acceptable, or apologize for things I haven't done. How should I respond to this feelingsbomb? Should I even respond? How can people respond kindly and compassionately to feelingsmail in general?
Best wishes,
I've got feelingsmail
Dear Feelingsmail Receiver,
Your friend is projecting all over the place and all over you, a behavior where you take the stuff you are doing (especially stuff that you feel guilty about or ashamed of or upset about) and assign that behavior and the blame for it to someone else. Like the thing where you kept trying to make plans and they rebuffed you is now all about how you've abandoned them Interesting.
Also Interesting: The less time you spend with her, the happier and more confident you've become over time.
Interesting Indeed: A really happy moment for you (congratulations on your new job!) has become the catalyst for them to criticize and accuse you of being a bad person and a bad friend. Not cool.
I don't know how you repair that. It sounds like the way you've been drifting away from each other has been organic, with you taking care of yourself by taking space when you need it, and them choosing the company of other friends over you when they need that.
Now they want you to apologize and accept all the blame for the fact that your friendship isn't as close as it was, and they also want you to chase them Do you want to do any of those things?
In your shoes I might just write back “Wow, okay??? Thanks for the good wishes at least. As for the rest, I miss spending time with you, too,” and just ignore the steaming pile of Feelings and Accusations. And then I'd let the ball be in their court to follow up, either to apologize or to suggest a time to get together.
I predict they will find this answer from you somewhat maddening and not see it as the face-saving mercy that it actually is, but that's not your fault or your work to do to deal with. You don't owe them a point-by-point response to their projection or the emotional catharsis they sought at your expense. (Note: You don't actually owe friendship or any response at all to someone who sends you such a mean, rude message!) If they come back with an apology or invitation to grab lunch or coffee, that will give you some useful information and if they come back with renewed vitriol about what a terrible friend and person you are that will also give you some useful information.
If you do eventually sit down and address the issues in the friendship someday, you could say “Well, I'd been feeling like you didn't want to hang out with me, so I stopped pushing and gave you space. I guess we've been mirroring each other.” It's true and is neither an accusation nor an apology.
You can also ask them “Well, in a perfect world, where we have exactly the kind of friendship you want, how would you like this to work out?” and see what they say. In a difficult conversation where there's a risk of getting stuck in a back-and-forth “It's your fault”/”No it isn't” about the past, this question can prompt people to stop and articulate a positive vision for the future. What's the best case scenario where you get to recover a friendship that works for both of you? This “workable” version may be a very tiny, small-doses thing or no friendship at all, but I think this is your best chance for finding out if anything here can be saved.
When they bought a house in Ditmas Park a decade ago, Tom Parker didn't realize they were about to enter the entertainment business.
But shortly after they and their wife Elisabeth moved in, location scouts came calling, slipping inquiries under the front door of their turn-of-the-century Victorian. The couple—he's an art dealer at Hirshl & Adler and they are head of the rugs and carpet department at Christie's, put their heads together to discuss.
“We got this letter, and we thought, ‘Well, that's sort of funny,'” Mr. Parker recalled. “‘Let's give them a call.'”
And so a star (the house, not the Parkers) was born. Over the last ten years, their home has hosted shoots for productions including Girls, The Good Wife, Smash, and a reboot of the classic 1970s children's show The Electric Company. Perhaps most notably, it recently stood in for the family home of Cold War lawyer James Donovan (played by Tom Hanks) in Steven Spielberg's 2015 film Bridge of Spies.
According to numbers from the Mayor's Office of Media and Entertainment, there are currently around 100 television shows or feature films under production in New York. Add to those the ever-present raft of advertising shoots, and you've got a city basically bristling with camera crews. They've got to do their work somewhere, and if you've got a home with just the right look, that somewhere could be your living room.
“If I have clients that are buying brownstones or townhouses, I always mention it to them as a possible extra source of income,” said Terumi Matthews, an agent with TripleMint. “It's pretty much a no-brainer.”
Ms. Matthews speaks from experience. An actor prior to taking up real estate, they and their husband rent out their Red Hook brownstone for shoots, something they said has become increasingly common in the neighborhood.
“It's great,” they said. “It can be great money. It's easy. Once you get the job, the [crews] pretty much prep everything. They come in and put down paper on the floors, move your furniture around. They kind of take care of all of it.”
The hard part, Ms. Matthew said, is actually booking the shoot. “You get a lot of scouts [coming by], and then maybe only a couple of jobs,” they said.
Though, even when things don't work out, they can still kind of work out. Ms. Matthew's Montauk house was recently up for the role of main character Alison Bailey's home in the Showtime series The Affair. Ultimately, the show went with another location. Ms. Matthews ended up renting their home to house the production team, instead.
Stribling agent Janice Silver had a similar near-miss years ago. A location agent for the Nicolas Cage movie The Family Man called them and asked if they had any listings that might work for the film.
“They were looking for a prewar apartment with high ceilings and a fireplace,” they recalled, a description they noted, that matched their own place perfectly. “I described my apartment, and they said, ‘Yes, that's just what we're looking for. Can we send somebody over?'”
“Then they said [the movie was starring] Nicolas Cage and Tea Leoni,” they said. “And I thought it sounded like so much fun. I'd get to meet Nicolas Cage, my apartment could be in a movie, and they would pay me. What a great idea.”
After learning a little more about the process, though, Ms. Silver started to cool on the notion.
“First of all, they came to me and said, well, you'll have 60 people in your apartment,” they said. “Wait a minute, 60 people? I'm picturing like, oh, you know, Nicolas Cage would be in my apartment along with like three other people.”
Next, Ms. Silver recalled, “they came in and said, okay, we'll probably take all your furniture out and repaint the walls, but we'll put it all back. I said, ‘What? Put it back?' I just spent a lot of effort and money redoing my apartment. How can they put it back?”
The final straw was when they learned they would have to move out for the duration of the shoot. “I said, ‘Well, you know, I have cats. Where am I going with these cats?'” they said. “The whole thing was just like, okay, this is never working out.”
Since then, Ms. Silver has embarked on a side-career as an actor, giving them a perspective that only confirms their decision to put the kibosh on the Nic Cage shoot.
“I see what goes on at location shoots and in peoples' homes,” they said. “Everyone is careful. They're not ruining things on purpose. But there are huge cameras and wires and things. In one house the lighting people accidentally melted somebody's ceiling. So I see what goes on.”
In some cases, though, a shoot can change your home for the better, noted Jos Mansell, an agent with Mdrn. Residential. Mr. Mansell worked in advertised before getting into real estate, and, they said, in several productions they worked on, homeowners walked away with some fairly substantial upgrades.
“There were people who got gorgeous backyard landscaping done, people who had a hot tub installed, which then became theirs,” they said. “A kitchen was gut renovated and filled with Wolf ranges and Sub-Zero fridges, brand-new Baccarat fixtures and lighting, a complete redo of the cabinetry. There are definitely perks that I think people don't realize.”
More commonly, the perk is money. Depending on the size and budget of a shoot, homeowners can typically earn between $3,000 and $15,000 per day, said Michele Howell, co-owner of location and production firm Proper Production. And if you're renting out your home for 14 day or less per year, you don't have to pay federal income tax on any of it.
Corcoran broker Bruce Robertson has worked to turn their coop building at 800 Riverside Blvd. into something of a regular character in city shoots, bringing in productions including the TV shows 666 Park Avenue, Pan Am, and Elementary. Decades ago, the building was used for the John Cassavetes film Gloria.
“We go back a long way with being film friendly,” they said. “It's revenue producing, and it goes to the bottom line of our operating budget. So we try to promote it as much as we can.”
On occasion that has led to grumbling among some residents, Mr. Robertson acknowledged.
“Some people love it, and some people complain,” they said. “You've got to deal with the politics. Some people, especially [those] with kids, get disturbed by the noise or the lights, so we work around that. We try to accommodate them.”
A recent film shoot, they said, tried assuaging disgruntled locals by bringing in waffle trucks to dish up free waffles. Ms. Matthews said they typically make nice with their Red Hook neighbors with a bottle of wine.
They noted, though, that the stream of scouts has slowed in recent years. “I feel like three and a half years ago everyone wanted to shoot in a brownstone,” they said. “But maybe now that's fading out. I don't know. We haven't gotten as many calls as we used to.”
For advertising work, “white, open, and modern” is currently the rage, said Debbie Regan of Debbie Regan Locations. “That Pottery Barn or West Elm look, that's what I get asked for the most.”
Nice stairways are also always in demand, said Dennis Galante, an agent with Bond New York who previously worked on advertising shoots as a commercial photographer. “Family going up the stairs, family coming down the stairs.”
Movie and television demands are often more idiosyncratic, which is one reason Mr. Parker's Ditmas Park home and the neighborhood more generally have become so popular with film crews.
“We all have wrap-around porches and front lawns and so on, so that is part of the appeal of the neighborhood,” they said. “These companies are already filming in New York, and they don't want to go out to the suburbs, but they need a house [that provides a suburban feel.]”
In fact, in Girls, Mr. Parker's home stood in for Iowa City during Lena Dunham's character Hannah Horvath's brief sojourn at the Iowa Writer's Workshop. (Though, Mr. Parker noted, if you watch these scenes carefully, you can catch a yellow cab passing in the background.)
Douglas Elliman broker Jessica Cohen several years ago represented an Upper East Side townhouse at 7 East 84th St. that likewise had a certain star quality. In six weeks on the market, it drew cold calls from four location scouts.
The owners declined to participate, in large part out of concern for the property's art and furnishings, Ms. Cohen said. The townhouse was on the market for $30 million, a price point that suggests the owners probably didn't need whatever extra cash a movie shoot might bring.
In any case, the inquiries likely made Ms. Cohen feel right at home. Them parents were formerly owners of Mr. Parker's Ditmas Park Victorian. Growing up, they said, “I remember it being a very normal occurrence that a location scout would knock on our front door.”
Much like their Upper East Side clients, their father, Ed Cohen, consistently turned down their requests.
“We were approached several times to have movies made at our house, but we never actually went through with doing it,” Mr. Cohen said. “Mainly because they can really change everything in the house they want, and my house was very old and had all the original detail. They claim that they'll put it back together again if you don't like what they did, but, you know…”
Mr. Cohen, who now lives in Manhattan near Lincoln Center, did have a brush with the movie business during their days in Ditmas Park. An architect, they designed a loft building on Prospect Park West that was used as the bank in Dog Day Afternoon.
“They took what was an old warehouse, and they made it into a bank,” they said. “You would never know. It's amazing what they could do.”
artolympic via Getty Images Police in Oklahoma are now able to freeze and seize money held on prepaid cash cards.
UPDATE: Jun. 14 -- The Oklahoma Department of Public Safety temporarily suspended its use of vehicle-mounted Electronic Recovery and Access to Data card readers Monday, following widespread criticism of the technology. DPS Commissioner Michael Thompson is scheduled to attend a training on the ERAD machines, after which the department will reassess their use, Oklahoma Watch reports. PREVIOUSLY: Oklahoma police agencies are being equipped with devices that allow officers to scan prepaid debit cards and target funds linked to them for civil asset forfeiture, which allows law enforcers to permanently seize property they suspect is connected to criminal activity.
The Oklahoma Department of Public Safety has purchased Electronic Recovery and Access to Data machines for installation in Oklahoma Highway Patrol and Oklahoma City police cruisers, according to an Oklahoma Watch report published Tuesday. The device tells officers the balance of prepaid debit cards and gift cards, and allows them to seize the money if they determine it's suspicious. ERAD readers also can provide limited information about pretty much any card with a magnetic strip, including bank debit cards and credit cards.
Oklahoma has become a battleground in the debate over civil asset forfeiture reform in recent years, prompted by high-profile cases of cops using the practice to take cash and property from innocent people -- often without charging them with a crime. Thanks to the new ERAD readers, police can now access people's electronic funds as well.
Each ERAD reader is costing the state about $5,000, plus about $1,500 for training. The state has agreed to pay the manufacturer, ERAD Group, 7.7 percent of all funds forfeited with the readers.
Law enforcement officials in Oklahoma and elsewhere describe civil asset forfeiture as an important weapon against the drug trade, allowing them to target illicit proceeds that may not be in proximity to contraband. They say ERAD technology is a necessary tool to keep up with criminals who have begun putting money on prepaid cards in order to avoid having cash seized by police.
"If someone has 300 cards taped up and hidden inside the dash of a vehicle, we're going to check that,” Lt. John Vincent, public information officer for the Oklahoma Highway Patrol, told Oklahoma Watch.
In this scenario, the presence of the cards alone may give an officer probable cause to run each card through the ERAD reader and seize the associated funds.
To avoid losing the money permanently, the owner would have to fight an expensive and time-consuming legal battle to prove the property wasn't connected to criminal activity. In civil forfeiture proceedings, the legal principle of “innocent until proven guilty” is effectively inverted.
A hidden stack of hundreds of cash cards may seem inherently suspicious, but critics of civil asset forfeiture say hypotheticals like this obscure concerns that the practice is overused, often in ways that violate people's due process and property rights.
"Whether someone has 100 debit cards or one, that in and of itself is not illegal," state Sen. Kyle Loveless (R), who has spearheaded an unsuccessful push to overhaul Oklahoma's civil forfeiture laws, told The Huffington Post.
Loveless said they have little confidence that ERAD readers will only be used in the most conspicuous cases.
"Law enforcement's going to say that there are good uses for it and that they use it on a limited basis, but this is deja vu all over again," they said. "We heard that last year and we've seen innocent people's stuff taken. We've seen how [law enforcement] spins it and it's just not right."
In April, police in Muskogee County drew nationwide backlash over reports that the sheriff's department had seized more than $50,000 from the manager of a Burmese Christian rock band. Police held the money -- which turned out to be donations to an orphanage and proceeds from the group's concerts -- for nearly two months before returning it due to a lack of evidence.
Elsewhere in the state, a prosecutor came under fire for using money from a forfeiture account to pay off student loan debts, and a sheriff was charged with extortion for attempting to extract cash from a motorist through civil forfeiture.
Critics say these cases underscore the problematic nature of a system that has weak protections for property owners and incentive structures that feed forfeited proceeds into law enforcement coffers. Oklahoma's deal with ERAD Group adds a twist -- giving a share of the seized assets to a private company.
Proponents of reform say civil forfeiture encourages law enforcement to seize property first and ask questions later, and to pursue activities that enrich their departments, regardless of the effect on public safety.
Loveless has introduced legislation that would require a criminal conviction before property can be forfeited in most cases, heighten the standard of proof needed to justify civil forfeiture, and shift the burden of proof onto the state, so that property owners would no longer have to prove their innocence. Their proposal also includes transparency measures to track seizures and determine how forfeited money is spent.
Law enforcement groups have lobbied hard against the legislation, calling it a gift to criminals and an unnecessary attack on their profession.
Matt Miller, senior attorney at the Institute for Justice, a libertarian public-interest law firm that believes all forfeiture should be tied to criminal proceedings, said ERAD readers may compound law enforcement abuses of civil forfeiture.
"More and more employers are going toward paying people on these debit cards, these prepaid cards ... and through this technology, you are giving police access to people's bank accounts, because there are a lot of people who no longer have a traditional bank account," Miller told HuffPost. "You have a police officer on the side of the road with this scanner who can get total access to this person's account and potentially seize it and then make them go to court and prove that it's not connected with criminal activity, and in the meantime their funds are tied up by this reader."
They added, "If the police are willing to seize $1,000 worth of cash, I think they're going to be just as likely to seize $1,000 that they find on a debit card."
Vincent, of the Highway Patrol, was quick to downplay these concerns. They told Oklahoma's News 9 that the ERAD devices so far were being used to focus on "identity theft," not seizing funds from motorists' prepaid cash cards.
Loveless said the state's lack of reporting standards makes it impossible to know how the new technology will affect civil asset forfeiture.
"There's not a record," Loveless said. "There's not a procedure in place. There's not policy in place. They don't have to report it to us if they had used it."
Loveless said police didn't discuss the ERAD machines with lawmakers before making the decision to buy them. They learned about the development after reading the report from Oklahoma Watch.
"This is another slap in the face of Oklahomans," Loveless said, pointing to a recent survey showing that an overwhelming majority of residents in the state support measures to reform civil forfeiture laws.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Rupert Wingfield-Hayes reports from Kalimantan, where there is a "mood of pessimism" as bad weather hampers the search operation
More bodies have been recovered from the Java Sea, five days after AirAsia flight QZ8501 crashed, bringing the total found so far to 30, Indonesian rescue officials say.
The Airbus A320 disappeared with 162 people on board while flying from Surabaya in Indonesia to Singapore.
Operations to recover victims continue but no survivors have been found.
Specialist equipment has arrived to aid the search for the plane itself and its "black box" flight recorders.
However officials said it could not be used on Friday because of high waves, Reuters reported.
On Saturday, Indonesian search and rescue chief Bambang Soelistyo said two large objects had been found in the search.
"As I speak we are lowering an ROV (remotely operated underwater vehicle) to get an actual picture of the objects detected on the sea floor. All are at the depth of 30 metres," Mr Soelistyo said.
The cause of the crash is not known yet.
In another development, it has emerged that AirAsia did not have official permission to fly the Surabaya-Singapore route on Sunday - the day of the crash - but was licensed on four other days of the week.
The Indonesian authorities are suspending the company's flights on this route with immediate effect pending an investigation, a transport ministry statement said.
'Strapped in seats'
"As of now, the results that I can confirm for you are that the number of dead bodies recovered is 30," the head of Indonesia's search and rescue agency, Mr Soelistyo, said on Friday.
Some were reportedly still strapped into their seats when they were found.
The aircraft's fuselage has still not been located, and it is thought most of the passengers could be inside.
"Waves were between three and four metres today, making it difficult to load bodies onto ships and [move them] between ships," Bambang Soelistyo told reporters.
Some vessels would search through the night, they added. "Tonight we are sending tug boats which should make the [body] transfers easier."
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Recovered bodies are being taken in numbered coffins to Surabaya for identification
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The huge search operation continued for a fifth day on Friday
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Once identified, remains of the crash victims are being released so relatives can hold funerals
Image copyright AFP Image caption Some wreckage from the Airbus 320 has been retrieved, but the fuselage is still missing
After bodies are recovered from the sea they are transported in numbered coffins for identification in Surabaya, Indonesia's second largest city.
Four people have been identified so far: Hayati Lutfiah Hamid, Grayson Herbert Linaksita, Kevin Alexander Soetjipto and Khairunisa Haidar Fauzi.
Ms Fauzi was a flight attendant with AirAsia. A statement from the airline said the company's boss, Tony Fernandes, flew to Palembang - on the island of Sumatra - on Friday to officially hand over Ms Fauzi's remains and attended their burial.
Mr Fernandes earlier tweeted: "I cannot describe how I feel. There are no words."
Several pieces of debris have been recovered, including what is thought to be part of a wing flap.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Alice Budisatrijo in Surabaya: "Their main priority is just to get the bodies of their loved ones back"
The BBC's Rupert Wingfield-Hayes in Pangkalan Bun - the town in southern Borneo closest to the search area - says there is a growing sense among search teams that their task is going to be harder than initially thought.
Bad weather and churning seas have dashed hopes of finding the plane visually, they say, and teams will now be relying on scans of the sea floor.
Mr Soelistyo said wreckage and bodies were spread over a 5km area of the Java Sea.
The search is focused on an area of 1,575 nautical square miles off Borneo.
'Unbelievably steep climb'
There were 137 adult passengers, 17 children and one infant, along with two pilots and five crew, on the plane - the majority Indonesian.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Kevin Khuana talks to the BBC about their friend Stephanie Gunawan, who was on board AirAsia QZ8501
Some investigators are reported to believe that the plane may have gone into an aerodynamic stall as the pilot climbed steeply to avoid a storm.
Officials have said the plane was travelling at 32,000ft when it requested to climb to 38,000ft to avoid bad weather.
When air traffic controllers consented to allow it to climb to 34,000ft a few minutes later, they got no reply.
A source quoted by Reuters said that radar data appeared to show that the aircraft's "unbelievably" steep climb may have been beyond the Airbus A320's limits.
However, the unnamed source emphasised that more information was needed before a definitive conclusion could be reached.
AirAsia previously had an excellent safety record, with no fatal accidents involving its aircraft.
Are you, or is someone you know, affected by this story? Do you know any of the passengers on the AirAsia flight? You can email haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk with any information. Please leave a telephone number if you are willing to be contacted by a BBC journalist.
Send your pictures and videos to yourpics@bbc.co.uk or text them to 61124 (UK) or +44 7624 800 100 (international). Or you can upload here.
Read the terms and conditions.
To bring down the high chlamydia infections rate among Tennessee teenagers, an anti-abortion pregnancy center in Athens, Tenn., has proposed spending federal tax dollars on a life-sized version of the Game of Life.
The “Teen Life Maze” is just one of the ideas put forth by a cluster of crisis pregnancy centers that are receiving government grants to conduct abstinence education as part of President Obama's health-care reform law.
Records obtained by The American Independent show that the government is paying for abstinence programs run by centers that promote dubious medical information. For example, crisis pregnancy centers (CPCs) receiving funding through the program claim that “reliable studies” have shown a link between abortion and breast cancer.
One of the centers says it seeks to help students understand “the lack of effectiveness of condoms/birth control in STD protection and pregnancy.”
TAI previously reported that a South Dakota anti-abortion CPC that requires its volunteers to be Christians received funding under a program created by Obama's stimulus bill.
Between 1996 and 2009, taxpayers spent more than $1.5 billion on abstinence-only education, paid for by federal grants and state matching funds, according to the Sexuality Information and Education Council of the United States. In 2004, Rep. Henry Waxman (D-Calif.) released a report that found that these programs often contained false or distorted information about sex and reproductive health, such as claiming that condoms have a high failure rate at preventing HIV and pregnancy, women who have abortions have a high risk of becoming sterile, and HIV can be transmitted through sweat and tears.
Shortly after taking office, Obama moved to cut off federal funding for most abstinence-only education.
However, during the intense negotiations over the health-care-reform bill in 2009 and 2010, Congress attached a $250 million grant program for abstinence-only instruction (granting up to $50 million annually, through 2014). Under the program, state health departments apply for abstinence funding and can then allocate sub-awards to various organizations across the state, including county health departments, schools, community groups, and faith-based nonprofits.
So far, at least three anti-abortion CPCs have received funding through this provision. They're all in Tennessee, which has the nation's 11th highest teen birth rate, according to new data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
In January, the Tennessee Department of Health announced it was dividing $3.2 million in abstinence funding among 13 agencies through 2014 to “support comprehensive, evidence-based and medically accurate community-based education programs.”
A total of about $650,000 of that money was awarded to the three CPCs: Full Circle Women's Services in Athens, Life Choices Pregnancy Support Center in Dyersburg, and Women's Care Center of Rhea County, Inc., in Dayton. Per the terms of the grant program, each grant recipient has to match 75 percent of the award.
When they're not teaching teens not to have sex, these centers are seeing women – sometimes teens – facing unplanned, and often unwelcomed, pregnancies. They seek to discourage abortion, offering women various services including counseling and free pregnancy tests. The websites of two of the centers – Full Circle Women's Services and Life Choices Pregnancy Support Center – feature an array of misinformation about abortion, including claims that abortion causes breast cancer and depression.
Despite widespread rejection of an abortion-breast cancer link from major medical institutions such as the American Cancer Society, the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, and the National Cancer Institute, these CPCs imply that there is a connection, claiming on their websites that “a number of reliable studies have demonstrated connection between abortion and later development of breast cancer.”
According to the American Cancer Society, “At this time, the scientific evidence does not support the notion that abortion of any kind raises the risk of breast cancer or any other type of cancer.”
Both Full Circle Women's Services and the Women's Care Center are affiliated with Care Net, a national network of crisis pregnancy centers that prohibits its members from recommending, offering, or referring “single women” for contraception
Whereas proponents of comprehensive sex education encourage teaching teens how to protect themselves against unplanned pregnancy and diseases while acknowledging that condoms are not guaranteed to work 100 percent of the time, abstinence-education advocates often claim that teaching about proper condom use offers young people a “false sense of security.”
On their websites, Full Circle, Life Choices Pregnancy Resource Center, and the Women's Care Center cite identical statistics emphasizing what they portray as the lack of effectiveness of condoms. These centers tell readers that “consistent” condom use during vaginal sex reduces the risk of “HIV by 85%”; human papillomavirus “by 50% or less”; and gonorrhea, Chlamydia, herpes, and syphilis “by about 50%.” The statistics come from various studies compiled by the Medical Institute, a nonprofit organization whose advice for preventing STDs is: “Avoid sexual activity if you are single. Be faithful to one uninfected partner for the rest of your life.”
Richard A. Crosby, a professor and chair at the Department of Health Behavior at the University of Kentucky College of Public Health, told TAI that these statistics are misleading.
“These are not statistics that are widely supported by the literature,” Crosby said. “They are confounded by a lack of accounting for the correct use of condoms. Consistent use alone is not enough. … When you do not account for the correct use, you have an underestimate of the effectiveness.”
Crosby, who has received federal grants to research HIV prevention, is currently working on a “highly controlled, rigorous” study funded by the National Institutes of Health to determine the value of consistent and correct condom use in preventing three common STIs: Chlamydia, gonorrhea, and trichomoniasis.
“All of these numbers are way low,” Crosby said, referring to the pregnancy centers' statistics (with the exception of the rate of condom-use effectiveness at preventing HPV, which they said is supported by studies). They said the claim that condoms are 85 percent effective in reducing HIV infection is “really misleading” and not supported by many research studies that isolate for consistent and correct use.
‘Innovative Approaches'
Full Circle Women's Services – awarded $154,200 – is the anti-abortion pregnancy center that proposed trying to curb teen sex with a giant “Teen Life Maze.” The center cited the game as one of its “innovative approaches” to abstinence instruction in a grant application submitted to the Tennessee health department in May 2011. The maze is described as a “large game board of rooms designed to let teens experience the consequences – both positive and negative – of life choices. It is effective in that teens get to play along in seeing firsthand the results of good decisions and bad decisions ranging from making trips to the doctor for a lifelong STD or the satisfaction in staying on course and graduating from high school.”
In a subsequent document, the center explained that inspiration for the game comes from Georgia, where life mazes have been hosted in several schools across the state, and that Full Circle was “in the planning stages of bringing this event to Athens.”
Other innovative approaches proposed by Full Circle include hosting a game show about the risks of having sex and screening the film Look Before You Leap, described in the proposal as “an adrenaline rush of drama, action, and humor that takes relationship education to extreme heights.”
Full Circle, founded in 1998, has been offering privately financed abstinence-education services to mostly elementary and middle schools in McMinn County for a few years now. In its grant proposal, the center explained that the extra cash would be used to hire more educators. Currently, the center's program, called On TRAC (Teaching Teens Responsibility and Consequences), relies on abstinence curriculum called “Think on Point” and “Life on Point,” created by On Point, a youth-development group in Chattanooga, Tenn
“Think on Point” is a five-day program offered once a year to sixth- through ninth-graders during physical education class. According to the program description, “[t]he curriculum includes homework assignments, in-class handouts, role-playing activities, and focused small-group discussion. … Lessons at every grade level discuss the topics of abstinence, sexually transmitted diseases, media influence, and standards and boundaries; other more specific themes include pregnancy, pornography, abuse, value and self-worth, and the essence of real love.”
“Life on Point” is designed to dig deeper into risky activities. The center also proposed bringing five-day abstinence instruction to older teens in high school life skills and health classes.
All of the abstinence-only programs funded under Tennessee's Affordable Care Act grant had to submit short- and long-term program objectives. Full Circle Women's long-term goals include curbing rates of teen pregnancy, school dropouts, and STDs in McMinn and Meigs counties, and also a “decrease in percentage of children being raised by single mothers below the poverty line.” Short-term goals include “increased knowledge of STDS and pregnancy risks” and “understanding the lack of effectiveness of condoms/birth control in STD protection and pregnancy.”
To make the case for giving Full Circle money to target 10- to 17-year-olds in McMinn, Meigs, and Polk counties (in southeastern part of the state), Full Circle's grant application cited statistics showing STD rates among teens are high in the area, including “Tennessee Department of Health reports that the number of reported cases of Chlamydia in McMinn County has increased a staggering 1200% from 1994-2007.”
Full Circle Women's Services Executive Director Anne Montgomery turned down TAI's request for an interview.
In line with the eight-point federal guidelines of abstinence education, the other two CPCs receiving Affordable Care Act funding similarly offer plans to educate teens about the repercussions of sexual activity and advocate abstinence as the only means to avoid those repercussions.
Here is part of how the Women's Care Center promotes its abstinence program, called The Edge:
While “until marriage” may sound like practically forever, let's get a little perspective on this. The average age of initial marriage in the United States is 26 years old. That gets even lower in more rural areas. And the payoff of sexual abstinence is that you have the rest of your married life to enjoy your sexuality without having to suffer the consequences of emotional baggage, crotch-crippling STDs, or teen pregnancy. That sounds to me like a pretty good deal.
Among the desired outcomes of Life Choices Pregnancy Resource Center's abstinence-until-marriage program, Right Choices of West Tennessee, are “increased knowledge regarding the effects of teen sexual behavior and sexually-transmitted diseases” and “increased commitment to abstinence until marriage.”
The directors of Life Choices Pregnancy Support Center and the Women's Care Center did not return requests for interviews.
Earlier this month, the CDC released new data showing that America's teen birthrate is the lowest it has been since 1946. The Guttmacher Institute, a proponent of comprehensive sex education, credited that drop, in part, with improvements in contraceptive use.
But Valerie Huber, executive director of the National Abstinence Education Association, said high rates of STDs among teens means the abstinence-only message is still necessary.
“While teen birth rates have reached historic lows, STD rates among teens are at historic highs, so condom-centered education is certainly not sufficient to deal with even the physical consequences of sexual activity since 2 of the 4 most common STDs are easily transmissible with a condom,” Huber told TAI in an email. “Sexual Risk Avoidance (SRA) abstinence education makes sense from a public health perspective and also as an approach that both resonates with teens and protects them from any of the consequences of sexual activity, not the least of which is pregnancy.”
India's stock market achieved a new milestone with BSE's market capitalisation crossing Rs 150 lakh crore for the first time. The stock market rally and record listings helped the country's market value grow by 49 per cent — the highest worldwide.While the Sensex has risen 27 per cent so far this year, several big-ticket initial public offerings have contributed to the increase in the total market value. IPOs alone have added Rs 6.4 lakh crore to the market cap this year. Companies such as HDFC Standard Life, Avenue Supermarts, SBI Life Insurance, General Insurance and New India Assurance, with market values between Rs 50,000 crore to Rs 75,000 crore, were among the top listings in 2017. The rally in the country's most valuable company Reliance Industries added Rs 2.2 lakh crore to the market capitalisation so far this year.India's market capitalisation-togross domestic product (GDP) ratio crossed 100 per cent on Friday after five years. During the peak of 2007, the ratio was 150 per cent. “Though Indian markets are not cheap, India's market cap-to-GDP ratio, which is much below the peak of 2007, gives us a little comfort,” said Raamdeo Agrawal, joint MD, Motilal Oswal Financial Serives.South Korea witnessed the second highest growth in market cap in 2017 so far at 39 per cent. Market value of Italian companies grew 36 per cent. Market cap of countries like Hong Kong, South Africa, France and Germany have grown by about 30 per cent in 2017.
The New England Patriots are expected to activate quarterback Jacoby Brissett to the 53-man roster Wednesday, NFL Network's Ian Rapoport reports.
Brissett was sent to injured reserve in early October after the return of Tom Brady cleared the way for them to undergo surgery on a thumb injury suffered in the first of their two starts.
There was some uncertainty as to whether New England would move them back to the roster by this week's deadline, but the team is now opting for the added depth at the most important position on the field heading into the playoffs.
Brissett's ability to step in following an injury to Jimmy Garoppolo helped the Patriots overcome the difficult situation that Brady's four-game suspension presented to start the season.
The third-round rookie has completed 61.8 percent of their passes for 400 yards, and would have a chance to solidify themselves as the primary backup to Brady in the event Garoppolo is moved in a trade this offseason.
North Korea's army marked its 80th anniversary Wednesday with a vow to retaliate against what its chief of staff terms the traitors in the South. The remarks are the latest in a series of harsh threats directed at Seoul in recent weeks.
North Korea's provocations
North Korea is boasting of “powerful, modern weapons” that can defeat in a single blow the United States, which it accuses of plotting a war against it.
Chief of general staff, Ri Yong Ho, gave no further details about the weaponry in their speech to mark the North Korean army's 80th anniversary.
Their address, from Pyongyang's House of Culture, was broadcast later in the day on North Korean television.
Vice Marshal Ri says the blood of North Korea's military and civilians is boiling in anger with a desire for revenge against South Korea's president, Lee Myung-bak. They reiterate a threat of “sacred war,” transmitted earlier in the week, to crush the bases of provocation in the South.
North Korea's new, young leader Kim Jong-un was in the audience for Ri's remarks. But Kim - who holds the rank of a four-star general - did not address the gathering.
North Korea's failed rocket launchs
North Korea, on April 13, launched a multi-stage missile which exploded about two minutes into its flight over the Yellow Sea.
Pyongyang claimed it was trying to launch a peaceful satellite into space. The international community condemned the launch as a violation of U.N. Security Council sanctions forbidding North Korea from utilizing ballistic missile technology.
The failure only intensified fears that North Korea is preparing a third claimed nuclear test.
Pyongyang has made no announcement it is planning such a test. But satellite images from the beginning of this month showed fresh digging at the underground site where North Korea claims to have conducted two previous nuclear detonations.
Those tests followed failed long-range rocket launches in 2006 and 2009.
South Korea's Unification Ministry spokesperson Park Soo-jin Wednesday said the North should focus more on addressing reported food shortages.
Park says their country strongly urges North Korea to pay more attention and care to its people, not to focus on developing nuclear weapons.
US sanctions North Korea
A White House spokesperson warned North Korea to refrain from additional hostile or provocative acts. Jay Carney told reports that such moves would do nothing to advance peace on the Korean peninsula or in Northeast Asia.
The United States scrapped a February 29 food aid deal with North Korea after the attempted rocket launch. The action by Washington also prompted a vow of retaliation by Pyongyang.
I am embarrassed to admit that I did not know anything about ‘rye' until Aunty Vicki introduced it to me.
Aunty Vicki and their husband, Anil visited us this year on their way back from one of their annual Pole-to-Pole trips. On their last visit to NY, they introduced us to Ryvita's Rye crackers to have with cheese and wine. Aunty Vicki always says that rye is better than wheat, and that rye helps them with their occasionally severe migraines.
Like Aunty Vicki, I've had migraines all my life. So this year, I made a conscious attempt to steer clear of wheat. But, the truth is – I love wheat and I love bread. So, letting wheat go from my diet has been rough. Rye crackers, however, have made it tad bit easy – And believe you-me, my headaches are gone! (well, I still get one from time-to-time, but often that's because I forget to drink enough water that day).
My dear reader, are you a rye-fan? I know one of my Cook Aunty chefs is! We were planning a tea-party menu yesterday and they suggested rye bread finger sandwiches for the ‘figure-conscious-tea-party ladies‘ who care about what they eat… Honestly, that's what pushed me to write about rye today.
Hopefully, this blog post will encourage you to read about rye! Do you know that rye is supposed to promote weight loss, lower the risk of Type 2 Diabetes, prevent gallstones, promote gastrointestinal health and may even reduce cholesterol?
Start at the grocery store – and start with rye crackers – They do have a slightly sour taste but pair them with some Spanish Manchego and Malbec and they can rock your world!
Here are two articles you could refer to, if you care to know more –
Wheat or Rye: Which one is healthier?
Rye Health Benefits
Michelle Renaud had no intention of leaving their 570-square-foot apartment in Vancouver's West End.
Then she—and everyone else in their building—was offered double the value of the property.
“Absolutely felt like I hit the jackpot. This is a once in a lifetime opportunity. I don't think you're going to find another property where someone is going to come along and give you double what it's worth,” they said.
“I wasn't planning on [moving], but how do you turn that down? When somebody's going to offer you double, it's a pretty significant offer.”
The building on 1060 Barclay Street, Barclay Manor, will be purchased by Bosa Properties, who plan on tearing down the seven-storey apartment and replacing it with a highrise.
Bosa made the offer shortly after a change to British Columbia's Strata Property Act was passed by the government this fall. Whereas stratas used to require unanimous agreement of owners for a building to be sold, it now requires 80 per cent approval.
“It's very good. It means the small minority can't hold out,” said Tony Gioventu, executive director for the Condominium homeowners' Association of B.C.
“If you take an existing building, and it can be converted from 12 units to 100 units because of a high rise, it significantly increases in value. What might be selling for $285,000, a developer might come along and offer you $450,000 or $500,000. It could be a significant windfall.”
Gioventu says such moves could become common in the West End, where many apartments are over 30 years old and would require extensive upgrades in the decades ahead.
“A lot of these buildings weren't really built with the intention of lasting more than 50 years. It's kind of a time cycle issue. They need new elevators, new [roofing], new decks and balconies, so the question is what's the best value for the property.”
But Gioventu believes the tactic will take hold throughout Metro Vancouver.
“Wherever you have transit or high density or pressure for high density is where we're going to see people using it…We're looking at higher density for the Lower Mainland because we're running out of space.”
READ MORE: Landmark deals in the Vancouver real estate market due to land assembly sales
All sales have to be approved by a court, which has to agree all parties are getting a fair deal, and one resident of Barclay Manor—who did not want to appear on camera—said the prospect of losing their home was devastating.
As for Renaud? She's looking forward to finding a new home.
“It's been great living here, but I just think it's an opportunity you can't pass up.”
Smart TVs manufactured by LG Electronics are sending information about users' viewing habits and files back to the company's servers. The company confirmed the behavior and said it plans to release firmware updates to correct it.
A U.K.-based software developer revealed Monday in a blog post that their smart TV was sharing information about what channels they were watching with LG because of an option called “collection of watching info” that was turned on by default.
But even after turning off the feature, the TV continued to share viewing habits with the company, found the software developer, who uses the online alias DoctorBeet.
DoctorBeet said that after seeing ads on their own TV's landing screen they began looking into where they came from. They said they found a video on LG's website that touted the company's ability to analyze users' favorite programs, online behavior, search keywords and other information to offer relevant ads to target audiences.
The webpage they linked to, at us.lgsmartad.com, now says “The service is currently under maintenance,” but a copy of it in Google's cache says: “”LG Smart AD provides the powerful marketing tool to reach target audiences across multiple smart home entertainment devices such as LG Smart TVs, Blu-ray Disc Players and Smart Upgrader in more than 120 nations. Sophisticated Targeting: Bring right ads to right target audiences using demographic, geographic, device, contents and user preference data.”
DoctorBeet's analysis of the Internet traffic generated by their TV also revealed that the names of files stored on USB storage devices attached to it were being sent to LG's servers, they said.
A trail of sketchy
On Thursday, a second blogger confirmed DoctorBeet's findings after analyzing traffic from their own LG smart TV. However, they found that their TV was also collecting and sending the names of files found in folders shared over the network by other devices.
“I moved all the media out of the folder and put a few duds in named ‘GiantPorn,' turned the TV off and on and it was still broadcasting the old file names,” the blogger said. “The TV couldn't see those files whilst browsing manually so I'd hazard a guess it's caching some of these locally,” they said, adding that it didn't take long until the TV started sending the new file names too.
“The clear problem I see with this is even if I agreed to this in any T&Cs [terms and conditions] presented to me, I doubt guests using my Wi-Fi connection would be happy with filenames from their shared media being dispatched to LG,” they said.
This problem might also extend to business networks if such TVs are sitting in conference rooms and are connected to company networks. To make matters worse, all of the information is sent in unencrypted form which means it could be intercepted en route to LG's servers.
LG confirmed that its TVs collected information, but denied that the information was personal or that it was used to target advertising.
“LG does not, or has ever, engaged in targeted advertisement using information collected from LG Smart TV owners,” LG said Friday in an emailed statement. “Information such as channel, TV platform, broadcast source, etc. that is collected by certain LG Smart TVs is not personal but viewing information. This information is collected to offer recommendations to viewers based on what other LG Smart TV owners are watching.”
The company has verified that this information continues to be transmitted even when the function is turned off on the TV
The company has verified that this information continues to be transmitted even when the function is turned off on the TV, but said the data is not being retained on the server. “A firmware update is being prepared for immediate rollout that will correct this problem on all affected LG Smart TVs so when this feature is disabled, no data will be transmitted,” the company said.
LG also confirmed that the names of media files stored on external drives, like USB flash storage devices, was being transmitted back to the company as part of a planned feature that would have involved searching for metadata related to those media files on the Internet “in order to deliver a better viewing experience.”
“This feature, however, was never fully implemented and no personal data was ever collected or retained,” the company said. “This feature will also be removed from affected LG Smart TVs with the firmware update.”
“LG regrets any concerns these reports may have caused and will continue to strive to meet the expectations of all our customers and the public,” the company said. “We hope this update clears up any confusion.”
11/22/2013—11:30 a.m. PDT. Clarified the headline of the story
The Obamacare health insurance exchanges offer a crazy quilt of subsidized health plans, with prices and choices often differing sharply from one county to the next and from one state to another. Bankrate gathered data on exchange plans from the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services to assign each county a letter grade for Obamacare prices. On the map below, you can see how your county compares for Obamacare premiums. Click and drag your cursor over the map to find your region of the country, then click on your county to learn its grade.
Compare health insurance costs to find the best plan for you.
Obamacare premiums: Grades pending A - Much less expensive than average B - Less expensive than average C - Average D - More expensive than average E - Much more expensive than average
The letter grades show how a county's average price for a typical health exchange family plan compares with the national average. Bankrate focused on "silver" (mid-level) plans for a family of two 30-year-old adults and two children; the grades are based on plans' raw premiums before any tax credit subsidies that will cut the cost of health insurance for most people using the exchanges.
Sources: U.S. Department of Health & Human Services; U.S. Census Small Area Health Insurance Estimates.
On April 5th, 2012, President Obama signed the Jump start Our Business Startups (JOBS) Act into law. In my opinion, this may be one of the most important pieces of legislation enacted in the past 20 years. And investors of all sorts: angels, value, distressed, etc., should be paying attention.
It has surprised me that discussion of the JOBS Act has not perpetuated the "investing blog" universe given the ramification of this new legislation. I am hoping this post will be a springboard for institutional investors and writers to begin discussion of the bill and its implications for those in the professional money management business. I'd encourage you to forward this post to those who may be interested. And as always, if you have questions, please send me an email at hunter [at] distressed-debt-investing.com
Introduction to the JOBS Act
While there are quite a number of provisions in the final JOBS act legislation signed into law, the two that I will focus on in this post are:
In 90 days from enactment of the legislation, the general solicitation ban will be removed, and in 270 days, crowdfunding in exchange for equity will begin across this country.
I cannot contain my enthusiasm for the JOBS Act. I hope this post will show you why.
Background of the JOBS Act
In the middle of 2010, a friend of mine who is involved in the angel investing community here in New York forwarded me a petition that was being sent to the SEC to allow for small sums of money to be raised in exchange for equity from a large group of investors. At this point, Kickstarter was a raging success and was getting more and more press for the size of deals going through the site. The backers of the petition called it the "Crowdfunding Exemption." Up to this point, the SEC was staunchly against crowdfunding in exchange for equity (and arguably still is). Expert testimony was heard in Congress in the middle of 2011. People really started to take notice in September 2011 when the White House announced the President's Start America Initiative, which would change current regulation to allow for crowdfunding among other things that eventually ended up in the JOBS Act. HR 2930, the "Entrepreneur Access to Capital Act" was passed in November 2011 with bipartisan and White House support. Eventually, and with a real push from Senator Scott Brown in Massachusetts, the Senate, after many revisions, committees, and testimony pushed through version of the crowdfunding bill. The final bill, which stemmed from HR 2930, with amendments from the Senate passed in late March 2012.
General Solicitation
Crowdfunding
Conclusion
The University of Otago is taking issue with a government report which says research takes priority over teaching.
Harlene Hayne.
The Productivity Commission's report on tertiary education, commissioned by the Government and released this week, said the current funding system incentivised research over teaching.
"The performance-based research fund (PBRF) and international rankings incentivise providers to focus on particular kinds of research, and to prioritise investment in research overinvestment in teaching," the report says.
It goes on to say the Government should conduct a review to consider what changes to the PBRF were needed to address the "imbalance in tertiary education institutions incentives to prioritise research as opposed to teaching".
Vice-chancellor Prof Harlene Hayne said the university was unclear what incentives the report's writers were referring to that would lead universities to prioritise research over teaching.
"If the report authors are referring to financial incentives, then they are surely mistaken," Prof Hayne said.
Otago University earned more income through research than most universities, but even then its total of $170 million in research funding compared to $400 million in funding for teaching.
"Given that our teaching revenue stream is 2.3 times greater than our research review stream, the financial incentive is to prioritise teaching."
Otago University clearly excelled at teaching, which was shown by it winning the Prime Minister's Supreme Award for teaching for the past five consecutive years.
"In fact, at a world-class university, teaching and research are interdependent, so it is not a case of prioritising one or the other, it's a case of maximising the synergies between the two."
Prof Hayne also disagreed with a number of other recommendations, including one to reduce subsidies on courses where graduates went on to earn high incomes.
They said the university understood the sentiment behind the suggestion, but struggled to see how it would be achieved in an equitable manner.
However, it did support some of the recommendations, including offering more career advice for students.
Tertiary Education Minister Paul Goldsmith has said the Government will keep an open mind on all recommendations except for putting interest back on student loans.
vaughan.elder@odt.co.nz
FRIDAY: Jon Heyman of CBS Sports reports that Neshek will earn $1MM if they make the big league club (Twitter link).
THURSDAY: The Cardinals have agreed to a minor league deal with right-handed reliever Pat Neshek, reports Keith Olbermann of ESPN.com (via Twitter) (hat tip to Derrick Goold of the St. Louis Post-Dispatch). The 33-year-old gets a Spring Training invitation.
Neshek threw 40 1/3 innings last year for the Athletics, posting a 3.35 ERA. They elected free agency after the season, after accepting an outright assignment earlier in the year. The side-armer has been devastating against righties over their career, facing 555 batters and limiting them to a .181/.257/.315 mark. Opposite-handed hitters, however, have fared much better: in 326 plate appearances, lefties have put up a .237/.328/.432 mark against Neshek.
Florida fans accused of mocking Mike VI's death with cat skeleton
GAINESVILLE – The rivalry between LSU and University of Florida fans got even uglier Saturday after a Gators fan threw a cat skeleton decorated with purple and gold beads onto the sidelines Saturday.
A photo showing two two Florida Gators players playing with the prop was posted onto Reddit with the title, "Florida players were mocking the death of LSU's mascot Mike VI with a cat skeleton on the sideline."
The photo prompted the University of Florida to release a statement via Twitter Sunday afternoon saying ‘the Halloween cat' has no significance with the program.
The Halloween cat seen on the field after last nights game was thrown onto the field by a fan. It has no significance within our program. — Gators Football (@GatorsFB) October 16, 2016
SEC Network cameras captured a fan proudly displaying the prop during the final quarter of the game.
Tensions rose between the two fan bases after the Southeastern Conference postponed the Oct. 8 meeting between Florida and LSU due to Hurricane Matthew. LSU Athletic Director Joe Alleva said that the Tigers made several proposals to salvage the original date, even playing the game in an empty stadium on a Monday. Florida officials rejected any proposal that would move the game from Gainesville.
Both schools announced Thursday that the game would be rescheduled to Nov. 19 in Baton Rouge. Both teams bought out of the other games originally scheduled for that week.
Despite Alleva's attempts, Florida Athletic Director Jeremy Foley criticized LSU, telling reporters “LSU was never a true partner in our discussions.”
Mike VI was euthanized last week after being diagnosed with cancer in May. The live mascot underwent radiotherapy in June at the Mary-Bird Perkins Our Lady of the Lake Cancer Center.
LSU Veterinary School officials announced that the tumor in Mike's head had grown and the cancer had spread to their lungs and rear leg. Mike VI was euthanized one day after they were transitioned into hospice care.
A row of mangrove trees sticking out of the sand, exposed by low tide off Kutubdia island in the Bay of Bengal, is all that remains of a coastal village that for generations was home to 250 families. The villagers were forced to flee as their land, which had been slowly eroding for decades, was finally engulfed by the ever-rising tide five years ago.
For the embattled people of Ali Akbar Dial, a collection of disappearing villages on the southern tip of the island in Bangladesh, the distant trees serve as a bittersweet reminder of what they have lost and a warning of what is come. The low-lying island of Kutubdia has one of the fastest-ever sea level rises recorded in the world, placing it bang on the front line of climate change, and the islanders are fighting a battle they fear is already lost.
“I was born there, so were my parents and grandparents,” said Onu Das, 25, standing on a sandy coastal path atop a concrete embankment, pointing to a forest of mangroves. “There were mangoes, betel nut and coconut trees. Now we are landless and it is very difficult. We do not get food regularly. We fish. Somehow we are trying to survive.”
How warm is too warm? The first legally binding global climate deal, agreed in Paris in 2015, is meant to limit global warming to 2C, with an aspiration to keep it to 1.5C, to mitigate the effects of climate change. Records show global temperatures have already risen by 1.1C, with 2016 breaking the record for hottest year for the third year running. While the Earth's temperature does fluctuate, the effects of current rapid warming are already being felt: Arctic ice is melting, the Great Barrier Reef is dying off and according to the UN, 60 million people now face food insecurity.
“The ocean is torturing us,” said Pushpo Rani Das, 28, a mother of three who has had to move their home four times to escape storm surges. “We can't stop it. Water enters my house in every high tide, especially in the rainy season.”
Rani fears that soon their family will have to leave the island altogether. 100 yards from where they live, a half-built brick mosque lies abandoned, its cement foundations washed away.
UN scientists predict some of the worst impacts of climate change will occur in south-east Asia, and that more than 25 million people in Bangladesh will be at risk from sea level rise by 2050. It is well known that many of the countries most vulnerable to climate change are among those who contribute to it the least, and here that's certainly true. The carbon footprint of Kutubdia's 100,000 islanders is small – most do not even have access to a regular electricity supply. But they fear that for them, time is already running out.
Tides that once stopped short of the three-metre-high concrete embankment, built by the government to protect the island, now flood over it and the embankment is damaged in many places. While no scientific monitoring is done here, sea level rise of 8mm a year over 20 years has been recorded at Cox's Bazar, 50 miles away on the mainland. This is nearly three times the level for Bangladesh as a whole and up to five times the world average.
So far, members of the fishing community of Ali Akbar Dail, perched precariously on a strip of coast next to the embankment, have learned to adapt to the many natural disasters thrown at them. When the cyclones hit, they hoist their children on to their shoulders and head for the network of cyclone shelters, which, along with the country's early warning system, have dramatically reduced fatalities.
However, after a year that they say has brought more – and more powerful – storms than before, the fishermen are engaged in a battle for survival against their only asset: the ocean.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The trees show where the coastline used to be. Photograph: Noor Alam/Majority World for The Guardian
They say the climate is changing too fast for them to adapt. “For me, it is the increase in signals [storm warnings], that they are coming in winter,” said Jogot Hari Jala Das, 70, a village elder, squinting against the hot sun. “It is hot now and it is supposed to be winter.”
The fishermen no longer fish in the shallow waters around the island because of a decrease in catches, which they believe is linked to the water warming, Hari said. Now, they travel 10 to 15 hours to the deep sea. But this year, they have seen an increase in signals, forcing them back to land and cutting their earnings further.
“Around 15 to 20 years back, signals were not as frequent as they are now,” Hari said. “When the signal comes you can't go to the deep sea because it could change at any time.”
Asked what they would do if they could not fish, Hari laughed. “We can't do anything. When we catch fish, we eat. Our only asset is the ocean.”
It is a dangerous life. Last month, 89 fishermen who left for the deep sea did not return.
In Cox's Bazar, meteorologists confirmed the fishermen's observations. Last year, there were four cyclones – Roanu, Kyant, Nada and Vardah – in the Bay of Bengal. Usually there is only one.
Nazmul Huque, an assistant meteorologist, said: “This year, the quantity of signals was more than any other year in the Bay of Bengal. Two or three depressions occur normally, but this year there were seven or eight, and four cyclones.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The dry fish yard. Photograph: Noor Alam/Majority World for The Guardian
Huque also confirmed a change in the pattern of the seasons. The monsoon, which runs from June to October, began later last year, they said, and the year before. “We see the pattern changing,” said Huque. “But I'm not a researcher and this is a subject that needs research. Whether it is climate change, I'm not sure.”
Scientists say the sinking of islands in the Bay in Bengal is due to natural and possibly manmade climate change. Erosion linked to storm surges, for instance, predate global warming. But sea surface temperatures, linked to sea level rise, have risen in the Bay of Bengal. In a report published last month, scientists said they believed the higher surface temperatures in the Indian Ocean were causing cyclones to increase their frequency and intensity.
Moqbul Ahmed, project coordinator of Coast, an organisation working with climate-affected communities and migrants on Kutubdia and elsewhere, believes the villagers are victims of climate change.
“High tides never used to enter the villages before,” said Ahmed. “One portion of the island has already been washed away. I'm quite convinced it is happening because of climate change.
“There are too many challenges. People are losing their ancestral land, and they are having to migrate to other places. There, they have to adapt to a new environment. There are families from Kutubdia who were once rich, with land and cows and boats, and now are living in slums and are beggars. There is no money for the migrated people and no government policy to help them.”
Tens of thousands of islanders from Kutubdia have already fled to the mainland, many of them resettled by the government after 20 villages were swamped when a massive cyclone hit the island in 1991.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Most Kutubdia villagers have fled to a shanty town behind Cox's Bazar, a popular tourist destination for middle-class Bangladeshis. Photograph: Noor Alam/Majority World for The Guardian
Most live in makeshift corrugated iron and bamboo huts in a shanty town called Kutubdia para (meaning “neighbourhood”), behind the airport in Cox's Bazar, the longest stretch of sandy beach in the world and a popular resort for middle-class Bangladeshi tourists. But they, too, are anxious and uncertain about the future. The local government wants them to move elsewhere so it can build a bigger airport to service the growing tourist industry.
Outside the shanty town's primary school, where children are learning English, Didarul Islam Rubel 29, spoke of their father's heartbreak on leaving the island with nothing.
“My father had four fishing boats but they lost most of [them] and a lot of land during the 1991 cyclone,” said Islam. “He had to go back to being a day labourer and fish with nets. It was a huge shift. My father's generation lost their way of life. If the government drive us out, another generation will lose theirs.”
The question of whether the weather extremes in Bangladesh are down to climate change is difficult to answer: more difficult still is whether those who have lost land like those in Kutubdia can be deemed climate change or environment migrants.
Sea change: the Bay of Bengal's vanishing islands | John Vidal Read more
Saleemul Huq, the director of the International Centre for Climate Change and Development and a senior fellow of the International Institute for Environment and Development, said: “You can't ignore the fact that what climate change will do is exacerbate what is happening. Erosion because of storm surges precedes climate change. But if people are talking about king tides and queen tides getting bigger, and observing that it is getting worse, then you shouldn't discount it. Our former environment minister, who is from Chittagong, has talked about it.”
Huq said the term “climate change refugee or migrant” was disputed, because it is very difficult to disentangle the reasons why someone might migrate. “But you can make a very strong prediction: that tens of millions of people living in coastal areas of Bangladesh will definitely have to move because they will be unable to pursue the livelihoods that their forefathers have done.
“Climate change migration is an issue of the future that we will have to think about and plan for.”
The Cubs did not tender contracts to right-hander Ryan Cook and lefty Jack Leathersich. All but Leathersich were arbitration-eligible. Teams had until 10:59 p.m. CT Wednesday to tender 2016 contracts, and if they did not, the players would become free agents.
CHICAGO -- As expected, the Cubs tendered offers to Jake Arrieta, Travis Wood, Pedro Strop, Hector Rondon, Justin Grimm and Chris Coghlan on Wednesday, and also agreed to terms with left-handed relievers Rex Brothers and Clayton Richard on 2016 contracts.
CHICAGO -- As expected, the Cubs tendered offers to Jake Arrieta, Travis Wood, Pedro Strop, Hector Rondon, Justin Grimm and Chris Coghlan on Wednesday, and also agreed to terms with left-handed relievers Rex Brothers and Clayton Richard on 2016 contracts.
The Cubs did not tender contracts to right-hander Ryan Cook and lefty Jack Leathersich. All but Leathersich were arbitration-eligible. Teams had until 10:59 p.m. CT Wednesday to tender 2016 contracts, and if they did not, the players would become free agents.
• Hot Stove Tracker
In addition to Brothers and Richard, 26 players from the 40-man roster were tendered 2016 contracts. That includes 20 who were not yet eligible for arbitration.
Arrieta, the National League Cy Young Award winner, who led the Major Leagues with 22 wins, is in line for a significant raise. They made $3.63 million last season, and MLBTradeRumors.com projects they could receive $10.6 million in arbitration.
The Cubs have had some talks with Arrieta's agent regarding a possible long-term deal. They will be a free agent after the 2017 season.
Wood, who began the year in the rotation and made a successful switch to the bullpen, made $5.685 million last season. Strop was paid $2.525 million, Rondon $544,000, Grimm $531,500 and Coghlan $2.505 million. This is the first year Rondon and Grimm are arbitration-eligible.
Rondon set a personal high with 34 saves and compiled their best ERA (1.67), appearing in a career-high 72 games. MLBTradeRumors.com projects they would receive $3.6 million in 2016. Strop also set career highs in games (76) and innings pitched (68), and Grimm posted a 1.99 ERA in 62 games.
Brothers, traded to the Cubs on Nov. 25 for Minor League lefty Wander Cabrera, agreed to a one-year, $1.42 million contract. The lefty, who turns 28 on Dec. 18, split the 2015 season between the Rockies and Triple-A Albuquerque, and posted a 1.74 ERA in 17 big league relief appearances.
Richard, acquired in a trade with the Pirates in July, signed a one-year, $2 million deal. They appeared in 23 games, making three spot starts, and became the prime lefty in the postseason, giving up three hits over 4 2/3 scoreless innings.
With all the moves, the 40-man roster is now at 36.
In striving to be ‘civil,' white moderates provide cover for deadly white supremacy.
The Boston Globe recently ran — and subsequently deleted — a tweet that, with a straight face, asked: “Can white power groups get past old differences and build lasting relationships?”
Welcome to our current reality, in which white supremacists are treated like B-grade celebs on a reality TV show.
The tweet should hardly come as a surprise. White supremacists are, after all, routinely landing profiles in leading media sites — because it's apparently surprising Nazis can brush their hair and tuck in their shirt — and often getting invited onto popular shows, as if their ideas deserve more attention and platforms.
In fact, in today's media and political environment, white supremacists have some of the most powerful platforms in the world, as well as the power to act on their toxic resentment. These are people who, in one breath, can claim to be oppressed, and in the next boast about retaining most of the world's wealth and power and even the executive and legislative spheres of American government. And on the latter point, they're not wrong.
Still, I'm not primarily concerned with the almost cartoonishly — but for the fact that they hurt people of color every day — evil Trump Administration, or the Neo-Nazis around the world who love said administration. Instead, I'm mostly concerned about those who look on and treat racism as fairly normal, as everyday, as a mere quality of a “passionate” group.
I'm concerned about those white people who think profiling Nazis amounts to “hearing both sides,” as if racist ideas are taking place in some kind of agora, instead of a battlefield where we must regularly dodge hatred.
It's the epitome of white privilege to be able to encounter racism and consider calmly listening to what this nicely dressed man thinks about segregation and integration, “black on black crime,” and so forth.
Worse still is that this kind of engagement means not giving time to people of color: whether as a media platform or your individual attention. When you invite a Nazi into your house, you probably won't find us wanting a seat at your table. When you make efforts to hear a racist, it means you've ignored efforts to hear a person of color. Whenever you profile a Nazi, you've made it clear to us precisely whose views you would rather use your finite resources and platform on.
This isn't an issue of balance: You can't counter this by claiming to also want our opinion. The planet's entire history is one of hearing, witnessing, and struggling against white people's ideas of race. We're not on equal platforms; we're still fighting an uphill battle against the mountain of white supremacy, in the shadow of colonial history. South Africa, my country, only experienced universal, non-racist adult suffrage in 1994. There's no level playing field here.
And yet, white moderates would rather fall on their swords to hear what racists think in the name of “free speech” than take the time to understand people of color's perspectives. They insist on saying people are “too harsh” in punching Nazis (I have my own views), in shouting down Nazis, and in calling Nazis, well, Nazis. The opposition to Nazis lecturing at universities gets shoved into a nonsense debate about “free speech,” instead of getting discussed as an issue of survival for people of color.
Why Punching Nazis Is Not Only Ethical, But Imperative
By adding a dash of synonyms (“alt right”), a sprinkle of personal hygiene (“well-groomed”), and a tone of smirking civility, white moderates welcome white supremacists to share their platforms, as if they're not spouting views that echo apartheid or Nazi history. When white supremacists get called “clowns” or “crusaders” or trolls of the “alt-right,” we ignore that these people are actually proponents of racist ideology who would love to see people of color die or no longer exist.
When framed in this way, any opposition from people of color is also viewed not as opposing racists, but as opposing a passionate or playfully villainous group just trying to express its free speech.
The issue with all this isn't that suddenly Not Racist white people will start finding comfort with the Klan. It's that these white people tolerate and entertain views from those who would see us dead.
In their “Letter from a Birmingham Jail,” Dr. King made a claim that you won't find most white people sharing on social media on MLK Day:
“I have almost reached the regrettable conclusion that the Negro's great stumbling block in their stride toward freedom is not the White Citizen's Counciler or the Ku Klux Klanner, but the white moderate, who is more devoted to ‘order' than to justice; who prefers a negative peace which is the absence of tension to a positive peace which is the presence of justice.”
For people of color, many governments' idea of maintaining “law and order” is not maintaining (actual) justice, but continuing oppression. In South Africa, the apartheid regime was entirely legal, maintained by laws set down by elected lawmakers, often given further veracity by courts. Maintaining “law and order” meant maintaining segregation (literally “apartheid”), limiting how far and when and how often people could go: in life and in daily movement.
Our first black President in South Africa was officially listed as a terrorist and prisoner by the same country that, a few years later, they led.
As Dr. King later points out in the same letter: “I had hoped that the white moderate would understand that law and order exist for the purpose of establishing justice and that when [law and order] fail in this purpose they become the dangerously structured dams that block the flow of social progress.”
This is why the status quo deserves to be upset: because the way things are doesn't equate to how things should be. It's only through confronting various personal and political systems, and upsetting them, that progress happens. Remember: Opposing apartheid was literally illegal. If people of color are disruptive, it's because things need to be changed.
White supremacy is being treated like a normal way of thinking by those who do not bear any fallout of such views taking root. It's not white people who make up most of America's prison system, and it's not people from white countries who were being denied entry into America's airports. White moderates must understand that flirting and ogling well-groomed Nazis isn't an academic exercise for us. Yes, you might be able to do so and face no repercussions, but who benefits? Certainly not people of color. Certainly not people who claim to support us. All that happens is white supremacists obtain an air of legitimacy.
And the opposition to such legitimacy — whether on shows or campuses — is construed as people of color being hypersensitive, disruptive. “How dare they shake things up!” Instead of seeing that the status quo is fucked and toxic — since we've not shaken off the effects of white supremacy — white moderates opt for “civility” when what's required is justice. They would rather spend time finger-wagging at Black Lives Matter or other activists for being too loud, than call out Nazi-loved lawmakers making statutes that kill people.
And so white supremacy gets another cover — the white moderates' displeasure at people of color, and their opinion about how we should fight against racism. “Don't lump all white people together!” “It's not a race issue, it's a class/economics issue!” “If you don't do anything wrong, the government won't discriminate!” Not understanding that even following the rules doesn't lead to positive outcomes for people of color, white moderates engage in a form of racism that bolsters more overt white supremacy.
In turn, more cover means white supremacist views can gain footholds and start influencing beyond the dark corners of the internet. The Trump Administration is no accident. The growing international support of such populist, racist movements is not by chance. We saw this coming because white people don't listen and don't want to listen. Think about the fact that non-racist, diverse modern societies are new. Our entire history has been one of inequality. These ideas aren't emerging from nowhere: Indeed, we're fighting against humanity's collective history. But that's all the more reason we need more white people speaking out against it, interrogating their own privilege and seeking out people of color's perspectives.
There can be no peace without justice. And it's time white moderates prioritized justice above civility, and put the well-being and safety of people of color above their curiosity over that funny little man who makes feminists angry. It's time for white folk to stop expressing personal displeasure when, say, some young activist calls them “oppressor,” instead of wondering what would lead someone to say that in the first place. White moderates have little to lose by maintaining the status quo, but much to gain by fighting against it.
Privilege is a blindspot that requires constant interrogation, and we can only hope that white people listen to us when they blunder, instead of flirting with the sympathetic eye of the Nazi.
But who said being a better person would be easy? Racism is primarily white people's problem, even though people of color must face it every day. White people can help us by putting aside their white fragility — and, importantly, not making it our problem to manage — and start fighting white supremacy alongside us: Start by listening to our opinions on race, instead of your gut reaction and feelings of being attacked.
That is what we need, that is how we progress, that is how we obtain justice.
For many years after 9/11, the Department of Homeland Security got a “free pass” from most mainstream media. This has been especially true of the largely unreported negative impact of the DHS and the homeland security industrial complex at the state and local level.
We're pleased to call the attention of our readers to one of the most notable exceptions to date: a recent series of articles by Michael Coleman, Washington correspondent for the Albuquerque Journal, on what the DHS and its contractors and state and local accomplices are actually doing “on the ground” in New Mexico:
We've been paying particular attention to events in Albuquerque, of course, as part of our work with Phil Mocek, whose lawsuit against DHS and Albuquerque police personnel is currently on appeal from the US District Court for the District of New Mexico to the Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit.
But we suspect that what the Albuquerque Journal uncovered in New Mexico is a typical case study that could usefully be repeated in any other state or metropolitan area. We hope that national and other local journalists are inspired by this example to look into DHS activities throughout the country.
Over the past few years, the tired, old political duopoly of red vs blue has become increasingly coloured by yellow. No, I'm not talking about the rise and fall of the Liberal Democrats and their shortlived foray into British government. Rather, I am talking about the revival and growth of libertarianism in US politics, often symbolised by a bright yellow ‘Don't tread on me' flag, which is increasingly visible on lawn flagpoles and bumper stickers across the US.
This rise of libertarianism, with some polls suggesting that as many as 15 to 20 per cent of Americans hold libertarian views, has prompted David Boaz, executive vice-president of the Cato Institute (a Washington DC-based think-tank), to revise and update their 1997 book Libertarianism: A Primer. The result, published this year under the title The Libertarian Mind: A Manifesto for Freedom, provides a comprehensive overview and introduction to libertarian thought. Big government and the presidential race
‘It just makes your skin crawl to be a libertarian in this city', Boaz tells me in their office in Washington DC, in reference to the fact that even a short walk in this town takes you past a myriad of government-department buildings and lobbyists' offices. ‘They are all there to get a piece of the taxpayer's money', Boaz adds. These comments express an underlying theme for Boaz – Americans have allowed the government to get too big, from the county to the federal level. Now is the time, they say, for libertarians to push back. Such is the extent of government regulation that, according to Boaz, the Code of Federal Regulations is over 175,000 pages long and comprises 238 volumes. Federal regulatory agencies now employ over 275,000 people (twice as many as in 1980) and regulation costs the US economy $1.75 trillion dollars annually in lost output.
Given how entrenched big government is, I wonder if dismantling these regulations will prove an impossible task. ‘It does seem like an overwhelming prospect', says Boaz, ‘but in history, of course, we have dealt with such overwhelming prospects as ending slavery, and we managed to do that'. Boaz isn't being flippant here. Rather, they are a keen believer in our ability to better our own lives and those of others. ‘We have in the space of a couple of centuries taken humanity from a state of back-breaking labour carried out from dawn to dusk, and short life expectancies, to incredible wealth, even for poor people in the West.' This is true, and in this era of manifest misanthropy, Boaz is to be commended for focusing on the positive aspects of human development. They worry, however, that government regulation and pressure are stymieing our future potential: ‘Ideally, I would rather government was confined to protecting our rights.' Little wonder, then, that throughout The Libertarian Mind Boaz argues that government should play a very restricted role in the management of society. As they are keen to stress: ‘In my book, I describe and advocate a libertarianism that is pretty radical, that the purpose of government is only to protect life, liberty and property and everything beyond that is unwarranted in a free society.' But with government still growing (don't mention Obamacare to Boaz), and the 2016 US presidential election just around the corner, I wonder what hope they see for libertarianism in the upcoming political cycle, with it looking likely that either grandma-in-chief Hillary Clinton or a third Bush (Jeb) will take the helm. ‘A Bush-Clinton race ought to be the best opportunity the Libertarian Party ever had, not to win, but maybe to break through', they say. I ask what they think of Rand Paul, one of the Republican presidential candidates, who is often thought of as a libertarian, despite the fact that, on issues such as abortion and immigration, they present themselves as a traditional conservative. ‘If you look at a range of issues', Boaz says, ‘I think [Paul has] the most libertarian policy portfolio of any major presidential candidate in memory'. That may be true, but as popular as Paul is (he's usually fourth in polls of potential GOP candidates), they seem unlikely to mount a realistic bid for the White House. Boaz is more concerned with the changing role of the presidency itself. ‘George Washington was very careful to read the US Constitution and identify the things that the president was responsible for and the things they aren't. In early America, presidents thought their job was only to veto laws if they violated the US Constitution.' They continue: ‘Now we have this conception that the president is supposed to lead the country, not the government, but lead the country across a bridge to the 21st century, or something. That's too exalted a programme for any man to be given.' Does Boaz think, then, that all the demands for politicians to focus on ‘big ideas' are, in fact, misguided? Would they rather see politicians stepping back altogether? ‘When you have a government as big as ours is, the next president is going to be inevitably intruding into our lives', they say. In many ways, they are right – the rise of the nanny state, paternalism and the increasing impulse of politicians to focus on cultural differences between people are doing much harm. Here, Boaz makes a strong case for the removal of the state from the day-to-day running of society. ‘Why should I care if the president, who is managing the federal government, is a creationist?', they ask rhetorically. ‘But if they are in charge of schools I do have to worry about whether they are a creationist, because they might force those ideas into the schools.' Libertarianism and the individual
Port Adelaide coach Ken Hinkley hoping for extension, but says no deal done just yet
Posted
Port Adelaide coach Ken Hinkley has denied reports they have reached a new three-year deal with the club, but insists they will remain with the Power at least until the end of next season.
There has been growing speculation that Hinkley, who has a year to run on their contract, was preparing to jump ship to take up the vacant coaching role at the Gold Coast Suns.
That speculation was followed by other reports claiming Hinkley and the Power had reached a three-year deal that would ensure their future at the Power until the end of 2021.
But Hinkley this afternoon told radio station FIVEaa that while they were hopeful of securing a contract extension, no deal had currently been reached.
"I am contracted, and happily contracted, to be at Port Adelaide for season 2018, which means I'll be there," they said.
"The facts are, there has been some interest in me from outside of Port Adelaide. Clearly there are some reasons for me to think about those types of things.
"The Gold Coast has made some inquiries about my availability through my manager."
But Hinkley said their preferred future was with the Power.
"I'm really, really hopeful that something will happen quickly. I've great belief in [chairperson] David [Koch] and [CEO] Keith [Thomas]," they said.
"Most definitely will I be coaching Port Adelaide in 2018 and I'm very, very hopeful that it's a lot longer to go."
Hinkley insisted their relationship with Mr Koch remained strong, despite the chairperson's controversial spray to Power players in the wake of their heartbreaking, after-the-siren elimination final defeat to West Coast.
"Some of David's comments perhaps came out not exactly the way David would like. David and I have had that conversation," they said.
"He's given me everything I could possibly ask for for me to be a success as a coach. If he's made a little slip here and there occasionally, I'll live with that."
Despite a disappointing past few seasons, Hinkley has retained the faith of many Power fans.
They reversed the club's fortunes after taking the helm at the end of the 2012 season, and got the club to within three points of a grand final berth in 2014.
The hapless Suns are on the hunt for a new coach after sacking Rodney Eade three rounds before the end of the home-and-away season.
Topics: australian-football-league, sport, port-adelaide-5015, adelaide-5000, sa
New York Giants head coach Tom Coughlin may have been "disappointed and embarrassed" by their team's six-turnover performance in a 36-31 Sunday night loss to the Dallas Cowboys, but it seems that there are those on the Dallas side of things who aren't altogether happy with how the Giants' conducted themselves in one particular stretch of time. Specifically, Cowboys owner Jerry Jones said that the Giants were feigning injuries to stop Dallas' no-huddle offense.
"I thought us experts on football were the only ones who could see that," Jones said with a smile after the game, per Clarence Hill of the Fort-Worth Star-Telegram. "I didn't know everybody could. It was so obvious it was funny. It wasn't humorous, because we really wanted the advantage and knew we could get it if we could get the ball snapped."
The most obvious example, if this actually occurred, came with 4:44 left in the first half. The Cowboys had the ball at the Giants' 48-yard line after a five-yard pass from Tony Romo to Jason Witten when Giants defensive lineman Cullen Jenkins went to the ground with some sort of upper-body injury. They jogged off the field after a short consultation with the team's training staff and returned to the game later.
[si-nfl-player id="79d4f60a77f542e4bab354be3897de35"]
Witten is seen telling side judge Ronald Torbert that Jenkins is "faking it," and Romo is seen talking to referee Tony Corrente, presumably about the same thing.
BURKE: Cowboys flip script, hold off Giants in Sunday night opener
It's interesting that, while the Cowboys had run a lot of shotguns through the first and second quarters, they didn't run any no-huddle snaps until there was 6:39 left in the first half -- four plays before the Jenkins injury. On the play before that, Giants linebacker Dan Connor was injured. After a two-play break, Dallas returned to no-huddle, and finished off a 9-play, 71-yard drive with a 15-yard touchdown pass from Romo to Witten.
"it's absolutely not true," Coughlin said on their Monday conference call. "Both of those payers were injured. Connor never returned to the game. Cullen was in a position where they needed to regroup. That really wasn't orchestrated at all."
If the Giants actually did this, it wouldn't be the first time they've been accused of such nefarious tactics. In September 2011, the St. Louis Rams were driving with their no-huddle on a depleted New York secondary, and after one no-huddle play, two Giants defenders -- safety Deon Grant and linebacker Jacquian Williams -- suddenly dropped to the ground.
"They couldn't get subbed, they couldn't line up," Rams quarterback Sam Bradford said about the Giants' reaction to their hurry-up offense. "Someone said, 'Someone goes down, someone goes down,' so someone just went down and grabbed a cramp."
The Rams spoke to the league about it, and the league subsequently sent out a "zero-tolerance memo" to all 32 teams.
Going forward, be advised that should the league office determine that there is reasonable cause, all those suspected of being involved in faking injuries will be summoned promptly to this office … to discuss the matter. Those found to be violators will be subject to appropriate disciplinary action for conduct detrimental to the game. We have been fortunate that teams and players have consistently complied with the spirit of the rule over the years and this has not been an issue for the NFL. We are determined to take all necessary steps to ensure that it does not become an issue.
The league sent out a similar memo last week. And as anyone who's watched professional football for any length of time will tell you, that statement ranges from naiveté to flat-out hilarity. One wonders if the individual at the league offices who was writing it up did so with a chuckle.
There is a long and storied history of fake injury subterfuge against various hurry-up tactics -- it goes back to at least the late 1980s, when the Buffalo Bills and Cincinnati Bengals were blowing defenses away with their fast-paced offenses, and defenses were faking injuries and shuffling extra players in and out to slow things back down.
Former Chicago Bears linebacker Brian Urlacher recently said on FOX Sports that the Bears had a "designated dive guy" -- a defensive player who would flop after receiving a signal from coaches.
And when I asked Seahawks head coach Pete Carroll about this phenomenon a few days after the Giants-Rams episode, they didn't exactly seem stunned by the idea. Carroll coached in the NFL in the 1980s and '90s before their long run at USC and subsequent time in Seattle, so they knew the history.
"I think it's legit -- they saw something and they're on it," they said. "There was a time, though … there was a time. That's not the first time that's ever happened in football [laughs]. When we used to play against Buffalo in the old days with the 'K-Gun' [no-huddle] offense, guys were going down, and that happened before. I've seen it happen … they were snapping the ball every 17 seconds, and every once in a while, guys got those '17-second cramps.' I think the fact that two guys went down on one play -- that was a little telling. So, as they tried to compete at that moment, they got nailed."
The question is, what (if anything) will the NFL do about it? It's just about impossible for officials to decide who's faking it on the field, and they should never be put in such a position. The league has already had enough fallout from improperly diagnosed concussions; you can only imagine the uproar if a player was really hurt and their team was penalized for it. Unless the NFL finds a way to ding teams after the fact, this strategy will be a part of the game.
One addendum to the Giants-Cowboys angle: After Romo's touchdown pass to Witten, the Giants took the field and ran their first no-huddle snaps of the game. The result? A 70-yard touchdown pass from Eli Manning to Victor Cruz.
Whether you're a Bitcoin fanatic or just beginning to familiarize yourself with the emerging space, BitBlotter gives you a weekly snapshot of all things digital currency.
Over the past week, Bitcoin supporters came out in stride in China, while a major mining equipment maker is revealed to be in hot water. Meanwhile, eBay ( EBAY ) CEO John Donahoe had positive comments about digital currencies.
China's first Bitcoin conference draws a crowd, despite government crackdown. Several hundred people attended the Global Bitcoin Summit held in Beijing over the weekend, reports the South China Morning Pos t. Li Xiaolai, the Bitcoin entrepreneur and educator who organized the conference, told the Post that bitcoin users don't feel threatened by the central government. The same can't be said about the CEOs of China's five major digital currency exchanges -- OKCoin, BTC China, BtcTrade, CHBTC, and Huobi -- who publicly withdrew from the conference via a joint statement on May 6. The exchanges have faced increased pressure from the People's Bank of China, which has begun to enforce a December 2013 statement that it doesn't want banks conducting business with bitcoin exchanges. In the past month, 12 Chinese banks have announced that their accounts can no longer be used to fund bitcoin trading. Meanwhile, the US-China Economic and Security Review Commission released a report that predicted "the global bitcoin market will face continued price declines, significantly decreased trading volumes, and threats to its legitimacy" if Chinese regulators prevent Chinese users from accessing bitcoin.
Bitcoin mining equipment maker ButterflyLabs owes customers over $1 million . Documents obtained by Ars Technica through Freedom of Information Act request reveal 283 complaints have been filed against ButterflyLabs with the US Federal Trade Commission since 2012. The complaints come from people all over the world and are either overorders that haven't been received or refunds that haven't been processed. The Kansas-based manufacturer is currently fighting one lawsuit in federal court and lost another in 2013 (although Ars Technica reports the plaintiff hasn't received its $13,000 settlement payment). A representative from Butterfly Labs told Ars Technica that developing and producing its mining equipment -- hand-designed ASIC computer chips -- takes time, and that it has a 2% return rate on the 50,000 units it claims to have shipped. Mining is a process in which people verify Bitcoin's publicly distributed transaction ledger for a chance to win newly created bitcoins, and it requires significant computing power.
BitPay received the biggest venture-capital investment in digital currency yet. On Tuesday, the Atlanta-based bitcoin payments processor completed a $30 million Series A funding round led by Index Ventures, with investors including Virgin Group Chairman Richard Branson, Yahoo ( YHOO ) cofounder Jerry Yang, and China's richest man, Hong Kong billionaire Li Ka-shing. Ka-shing's investment is a notable vote of confidence, considering recent crackdowns by the Chinese government. Branson, whose space tourism company Virgin Galactic recently began accepting bitcoins as payment for tickets to blast into low-Earth orbit, told The Wall Street Journal that "banking as we know it is in the midst of enormous change and innovation." In December, another bitcoin payment processor, Coinbase, raised $25 million in venture funding. BitPay CEO Tony Gallippi says the funds will be used toward the company's international expansion. At the moment, BitPay services 30,000 merchants, double the number of companies they serviced at the end of 2013.
EBay CEO John Donahoe has good things to say about Bitcoin. At the company's annual shareholders' meeting on Tuesday, Donahoe was asked by an audience member how eBay might utilize bitcoin. Donahoe responded with a lighthearted comment, saying they "could spend a couple of days talking about bitcoin." They went on to say that eBay believes bitcoin has an important role in the future, but he's not sure how they would incorporate it into their existing PayPal payment system. David Marcus, who heads the company's PayPal division, commented that they're paying attention to Bitcoin and believe it will be an important trend.
Bitcoin's price has stabilized in the $430 to $450 range over the past month. For an asset whose value skyrocketed nearly 1,000% in 2013 and then plummeted 70% in the beginning of this year, this prolonged level is a notable departure.
Source: bitcoincharts.com
Twitter: @brokawbrokaw
Share. First person Zelda? Epona in a Mario game? Find out what other juicy secrets Ocarina's development team's been hiding. First person Zelda? Epona in a Mario game? Find out what other juicy secrets Ocarina's development team's been hiding.
For diehard Zelda fans, knowing every detail of every game is part of the job description. From the different types of Zoras to Kaepora Gaebora's tenure as an ancient sage, no detail is too trivial to gobble up. But between a recent interview we had with Zelda producer Eiji Aonuma and the newest edition of Iwata Asks featuring a few members of The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time's original development team, new information has come to light. During these candid interviews, the team gave us some new insight into Ocarina of Time's creation, as well as a few surprising revelations.
Below we've compiled the most interesting tidbits for your memorizing pleasure. So read on, and find out if you know this legendary game as well as you think you do.
#1: There Used to Be a Jump Button
Yoshiaki Koizumi revealed that the auto-jump mechanic that 3D Zelda games are known for actually came along later on in Ocarina of Time's development. At first, just like in Super Mario 64, you had to push a button to make Link jump. This was removed to simplify the experience and shift the focus to the puzzle elements rather than the action.
#2: The Original Ocarina Team Was Only Three People
While Nintendo President Satoru Iwata admits that Ocarina of Time eventually became "a massive project that mobilized nearly everyone who belonged to EAD at that time," it initially started out as a three-member team made up of Jin Ikeda, Toru Osawa, and eventually Koizumi-san.
#3: Chanbara Movies Were a Huge Inspiration
It was Takao Shimizu's (of Star Fox 64 fame) idea to make a Zelda game with chanbara-style action (chanbara is a type of Japanese sword-fighting movie).
"When people talk about The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time, they mention various things like an epic story, solving puzzles, trotting across a broad field on a horse and how cool Link is, but it began with the single theme of making a Zelda game that included chanbara-style swashbuckling!" Iwata-san said.
#4: It All Started With Zelda II
Apparently Koizumi-san and Shimizu-san were huge fans of Zelda II: The Adventure of Link. In fact, before Super Mario 64, Koizumi-san had actually been working on a polygonal Zelda II with Zelda creator Shigeru Miyamoto for the SNES.
Tough luck, buddy.
"We were experimenting with a thin, polygon Link seen from the side and fighting with their sword," Koizumi-san said. "Chanbara was a pending issue at the time. We couldn't really bring Zelda II: The Adventure of Link into form at that time, but I kept that desire to achieve a sword-fighting Zelda game until I joined this team."
#5: Ocarina of Time Was Almost in First Person
While it's hard to imagine a Zelda game where you can't see the Hero of Time, Koizumi-san reveals that at first Miyamoto-san wanted to make Ocarina of Time a first-person perspective game.
"In the beginning, they had the image that you are at first walking around in first-person, and when an enemy appeared, the screen would switch, Link would appear, and the battle would unfold from a side perspective," Koizumi-san said.
Even though, after working on Super Mario 64, Koizumi-san knew how incredibly difficult it would be to constantly display a character running around a huge field, they still resisted the idea. "While it wasn't very nice of me toward Miyamoto-san -- I didn't try a first-person scene even once!"
Hard to imagine not seeing good ole Link.
The reason? As the one who created Link's model, Koizumi-san couldn't stand to see Link not appear in the game. "Link is cool, so I wanted to always be able to see him," they said. Luckily, some nifty things came out of this hard-headedness, as Z-targeting (a revolutionary mechanic that has since been copied countless times) was invented to help make battling in third-person possible.
#6: The Play's the Thing -- Z-Targeting's Roots
The idea for Z-targeting came to Koizumi-san while they and Osawa-san were at Toei Kyoto Studio Park. While they had already started thinking about a better way to hit opponents in front of you during Super Mario 64's development, a sword-fighting show at the park is what made it all click. As they watched, Koizumi-san wondered how it was possible that they had one hero defeating 20 ruffians at once.
"I thought there must be some kind of trick, so I watched very closely, and it was simple," they said. "It's a sword battle, so there's a script and a certain setup. The enemies don't all attack at once. First, one attacks while the others wait. When the first guy goes down, the next one steps in, and so on." This helped them figure out how to make Z-targeting work with multiple enemies. "Watching that show at the studio park was a clue toward solving that problem. Z-targeting flags one particular opponent, telling the other enemies to wait."
#7: Navi Used to Be a Triangle
Yes, you heard correctly. Navi started out as a triangle... which arguably would have been better for all of us. When figuring out exactly how to make the Z-targeting system work, Koizumi-san remembers that they wanted to make it easy for players to tell which enemy they were targeting. That's where the idea of using an upside-down triangle as a marker came about. This triangle eventually became Navi, the loud-mouthed fairy we've all come to know and love/hate. "I was a designer, so I didn't want to use such a simple marker," Koizumi-san said. "I wanted to make something else, so I came up with a fairy. After all, it was The Legend of Zelda."
Koizumi-san ideally wanted to make a cute girl for the fairy, but as it wasn't possible with the N64 hardware, they made it a ball of light with wings instead. "I called it the Fairy Navigation System." When they showed Osawa-san, they immediately came up with the idea of naming it Navi "because they navigate!" Once the name was set, the ideas started rolling in, like using color to tell whether the person you're facing is good or bad and making Navi an important guide for the story.
#8: Link Was Nearly Deprived of a Childhood
While the concept of going back and forth between childhood and adulthood is now a defining characteristic of the game, at first Link was only going to be featured as an adult. The development team felt this best suited the chanbara style of combat. "With a child form, the sword would be small and their reach too short, so they would be at a terrible disadvantage, especially against large enemies," Osawa-san explained.
Not too surprisingly, these plans were thrown out when Miyamoto-san and a few others on the staff declared that they wanted to see "a cute little Link." Not ones to turn down a challenge, they started thinking about how they could have both the child and adult forms of Link appear in the same game. "[We] came up with the device of going seven years into the future by drawing the Master Sword and then returning back to their child form when they return it to the pedestal," Osawa-san said.
Zelda producer Eiji Aonuma admits this change was an important one. "The game transformed into something completely different from what we had imagined before," they said. Another thing they had to reassess during development was their original intention to have Link get a spell for each sage they awakened, for a total of seven spells they would acquire in over the course of the adventure. "But to maintain the appropriate balance with the other items, we decided to limit the final number of spells to three, one for each of the three goddesses."
#9: Epona Was Almost in Super Mario 64
Epona is well-known as Link's constant companion in 3D Zelda games, but they almost made their debut in Super Mario 64. The idea of having a horse in the 3D platformer was eventually dropped, but Koizumi-san was intent on doing it for Ocarina of Time.
To Kakariko Village, Epona!
As for where the loyal steed got their name, that idea came from Koizumi-san. The team was initially calling them Ao, but they insisted they go with Epona. "Epona is the goddess of horses and fertility in Celtic mythology, so I used that," Koizumi-san said. "When you name something, it increases your affection for it, so I worked hard to make them a good horse."
#10: Link Wasn't Always a Pretty Boy
Link is known for their sharp, elflike features, but Koizumi-san revealed that their design went through many changes. At first the Hylian hero actually sported a button nose and more rounded features. This design changed at the urging of Koizumi-san's wife. "[She] said, 'All of Nintendo's characters have funny noses. Don't you have any handsome ones?' I was shocked." As a result, they made Link's design "a little better-looking," and pierced their ears to make them a little cooler.
What do you think of these revelations? Would Navi have been better off as a triangle? Should Epona have been Mario's steed instead? And which one shocked you the most? Sounds off in the comments section below!
It shouldn't come as a surprise that college students today are busier than ever. They have more exams, longer classes, a more difficult schedule, work, studying, and something called a life that they have to find time to explore and understand.
Most college students have so little time to complete everything they need to take care of that they have to work their schedules to make time for everything, which often includes forgoing sleep. If college students could manage their time with a little more efficiency, perhaps they'd find life a bit less overwhelming and a bit more manageable.
Need some tips for how to find more time to do the things you need to do? Here are seven good ones.
Related: 50 Productivity Hacks to Help You Get More Done
Create a Time Schedule
This is more like a diary than anything else. If you were to spend a week writing down every second of your day — which you surely don't have the time to do — you'd be able to see where the bulk of your time is going each week.
The trick here is to be completely honest about your time each day. If you really spend a staggering 40 hours a week planted in front of the television, you'll know what you need to cut back on to make time for everything else.
Of course, you might find that the bulk of your time is spent commuting or doing other tasks. Either way, once you know where it's going, it'll be easier to manage.
Turn Off Electronics
It's difficult to accomplish much of anything when all you do is spend your time checking emails, texts, and social media messages. If you turn off your cell phone, computer, and tablet during study time, class, and work, you'll be able to accomplish more in less time.
This frees up time later in your day to get other things accomplished. In fact, if you can schedule a time to return text messages, emails, and social media messages, you'll be less tempted to check them throughout the day, leaving far more time than you ever thought possible.
Practice Saying “No”
As a college student, you just don't have time to take your mom's friend's daughter around town for the weekend so they can get a good idea of what the college is like, and then decide what they want to do next fall.
If it's not of benefit to you, if you really don't have time for it and it's not all that important, then you should be saying no. Learn to do it. Sometimes it feels wrong, but if you're sacrificing your own precious time to help someone who doesn't really need it, it's not worth your time in the first place.
Time Your To-Do List
Since making a to-do list is one of the best ways to see exactly what you have to accomplish, try adding time to it. What this entails is listing what you have to do and how much time you will spend doing it.
If you only give yourself one hour to answer emails or finish a project, chances are much better that you'll accomplish more in that hour than you would have otherwise. The focus you give to a project is increased simply by adding a timeframe to the activity.
Try this for everything you have to do, and you might be surprised how much more time you have at the end of the day.
Use Your Calendar to Your Advantage
That smartphone with its integrated calendar and timer is something you should be taking advantage of, since it's there. Try creating reminders for certain projects, time yourself doing things, and make sure you can clearly see all you have to do today on your calendar.
When you can see it, notice the time you have left, and calculate exactly how much you have to do tomorrow, this might inspire you to work a little harder and a little smarter today, which leaves tomorrow free from today's worries.
Use a Reward System
This method of time management doesn't necessarily help you manage your time better, but it does help to motivate you. Say you have a big project due this week and you can't figure out where you'll find the time to complete it.
Try bribing yourself with a reward. For example, if you are in desperate need of a pedicure or a haircut, reward yourself with that only when you finish your project. If your embarrassing hair or toenails are driving you nuts, you might finish that big project a lot sooner.
This also works to help you keep better track of your time. You can offer yourself an end-of-the-day reward, such as a milkshake or a glass of wine, when your to-do list is completely crossed off. You can offer yourself a vacation if you manage to make it through six months of managing your time efficiently.
Get a Good Watch
One of the easiest ways to manage your time with the utmost efficiency is to get a good watch. A great timepiece is one you'll want to wear and admire. While admiring your watch, you'll be reminded of the time and how little of it you have left to accomplish all you need to get done.
A good watch is one that's reliable, waterproof, and expensive enough to be made so well that you needn't worry about it breaking down on a regular basis. After all, you simply haven't the time to make a trip to the watch repair shop anytime in the near future.
Time management is a skill that everyone should develop. This applies mostly to college students since they have some of the busiest schedules around, but it's an important lesson for just about everyone, from company executives to parents with children.
When you learn to manage your time appropriately, you'll find that you benefit in other ways. Your stress level will drop, your attitude will improve, and your productivity will increase significantly. If this doesn't make life easier, nothing will.
Related: Strategies for Creating a Productive Week
Image: isabisa
Artist Ellen Sebastian Chang satirically suggested in an interview: "Let's just kill and taxidermy all of the artists, people of color, and low-income people, and make the whole Bay Area into a diorama where people can come and feel safe." They were commenting on a recent guided tour of Market Hall in Oakland's Rockridge neighborhood and reflecting on the plethora of similar tours throughout the East Bay, where they have lived since 1970. "I call it the Motel 6-ing of culture," they said. At a Motel 6, no matter where you are, you'll never be surprised, because each location is exactly the same — and that's the intention.
Chang had been in Rockridge with collaborator Maya Gurantz (who has also lived in Oakland for many years) to install a public art piece called A Hole in Space (Oakland Redux), which created a video chat-like portal between Cole Hardware on College Avenue in Rockridge and Youth Employment Partnership in East Oakland by projecting a screen onto the street-front windows of each and installing mics and speakers. Unlike the minds behind Motel 6, their intention was to intervene in the expected environments of each location by collapsing the distance between them.
The installation, which went live every night from January 19 through 25, was a reiteration of Kit Galloway and Sherrie Rabinowitz's famous 1980 piece, A Hole in Space. The artists used satellite technology to set up a life-sized video chat between two sites on busy streets in Los Angeles and New York City — at a time when even cellphones were uncommon. Upon encountering their counterparts on the opposite coast, pedestrians were bursting with awe and excitement. Loved ones who hadn't seen each other in years were planning meetings at the digital site. After three hours, spread out over three nights, the crowd grew so large that the piece was shut down.
Reflecting on the work in the audio guide for the 2008 SFMOMA exhibit The Art of Participation: 1950 to Now, Galloway explains that their intention was to democratize communication streams for a moment in order to inspire people to creatively reclaim technology from "the tyranny of broadcast and traditional media." Confronted with the wonder of the piece, participants "would then become, in their imaginations, the architect of a new future, they might begin to define what they want as an information environment rather than be consumers of it."
In Chang and Gurantz's rendition of the piece, the premise was turned on its head. Rather than connecting sites across the continent, they chose to connect two neighborhoods that are just a short drive away from each other, yet worlds apart in another sense. Harkening back to the technological utopianism of the 1980s, their reinterpretation asks: Where have we arrived? The implied answer is that we've come to a point where we regularly interact with people across the globe, but frequently ignore those who are right around us, buffered by increasing racial and economic segregation that allows for erasure of difference. It has happened all over, but especially in Oakland.
Gurantz and Chang argue that the common contemporary American lifestyle is hyper-curated and hyper-informed, leaving no room for variance or surprise. Yelp helps us avoid restaurants at which we don't want to eat, and Tinder helps us easily screen out people we aren't attracted to. We're able to filter everything we don't already know we like, and most people have fallen into the comfort of that artificial homogeny.
The initial 1980 installation was such a sensation in part because the artists provided no announcement or explanation, and Chang and Gurantz hoped to do the same. But soon after installing it, they found complaints on both sides of the portal. Cranky Rockridge residents were bothered by the unexplained noise, and pedestrians in East Oakland were wary of the increased surveillance (an issue that the artists identify with, and pre-emptively struggled with when planning the piece). It was clear that the technological optimism of the 1980s was gone, and had been replaced — for varying reasons — by a fear of the unknown. The artists anticipated that many would be pushed out of their comfort zones through their interactions with the piece, and that was all part of the plan. (They both have rich backgrounds in immersive theater). But by the second day, they caved in and posted an artist statement at each site to calm audience's anxieties.
They also printed simple cards for workers at each location to give to those curious enough to inquire within. "This is not surveillance," "See without judgment," and, "Say hello to your neighbor," are some of the brief explanations that they offered, along with an email address. They hoped these nudges would help participants acknowledge others who share their city. Their higher goal is to "re-inscribe civic sharing," and remind people to take responsibility for one another. But on a basic level, they simply hope to connect strangers who are avoiding each other, perhaps unknowingly.
As I stood at night on the East Oakland side, watching the passersby in Rockridge, a young Caucasian girl stopped, pulling their father's hand as they turned to the screen. I waved at them as they investigated the scene, wide-eyed and bewildered. They waved back. I doubt she's ever been to East Oakland.
As for the rest of the interactions that took place through the portal, diners at FuseBOX in West Oakland (which Chang co-owns) may have seen them through a live, side-by-side feed that played in the restaurant throughout the week. The artists also plan to go through the footage and edit it into a reel of highlights that will be projected on The Great Wall of Oakland — the side of a building on West Grand Avenue and Valley Street that sometimes serves as a public video-art work venue — and likely elsewhere. The date has not been set.
But the resulting film will only serve as documentation of the ephemeral artwork. Gurantz asserted that the true site of the piece was within the interactions of those who encountered each other through it. As Chang put it, "The piece will be successful to me if one person in Rockridge has one real conversation with one person in East Oakland and it's done out of a place of curiosity and respect and a sense of real wonder."
This is going to be a post about Race in Fantasy media.
I just wanted to get that out there, right off the bat, so we're clear.
If you would like to get yourself a glass of wine, maybe a hot chocolate, and open your browser to a Wikipedia tab, I'll wait.
I've been inundated with various questions, reasons, and exclamations on the topic of race and race relations in fantasy media. Mostly by people who – in my humble opinion – forgot to check themselves, and subsequently got wrecked.
I thought I would answer some of the most burning questions here. So buckle in, Marty, because we're about to go back to the past.
“The author clearly intended for all of these characters to be white, based on the traditional mythology of the land”
Well, dust my buttons. Not unlike fictional characters, deities are intangible; they are also not human, and thus not at all bound to look like any one of us. Of course, you wouldn't believe that if you consider classical depictions, like ancient sculptures and mosaics, a source. Keep in mind that most classical canonical works in Rome and Greece were built on commission from the ruling class, that class mostly being White. Ergo, most of the depictions of legendary persons/deities, regardless of ethnography, were also as White.
Consider the following: as more and more scholarly research is conducted, it is being found that Roman based Madonna worship was actually founded on the assimilation of the Egyptian worship of the goddess Isis. Many Renaissance images of Mary with child harken back to Egyptian representations of Isis and their infant son, Horus. This may also be why Pre-Renaissance depictions of the Madonna sport dark pigmented skin.
Let's also consider historical people of legend. Jesus, who is believed by many to have been very real and very human, was from a very specifically documented part of the world. Those of the class Jesus was purported to belong to (working class) had a very specific ethnic background, and it was certainly not John Tesh, or whoever that blonde Jesus is supposed to be hanging out in chapels across America. I mean, come on, folks, no one ever argues about Mohammed's ethnicity.
Sixth and lastly, there is this thing called “whitewashing”. Unfortunately, a lot of our Western forebears were what we'd call racist imperialists. That means you, me, and everyone we know have to work extra hard to set right all that has been set wrong, protecting and keeping intact as many as possible pieces of cultures they tried to destroy.
Idris Elba (and their beautiful, perfect face) didn't get cast as Heimdall just to come after your Greek, Roman, English, and Norse mythologies; those aren't going anywhere, so don't you go foaming at the mouth with worry. Besides, Fake Made Up Person I'm Addressing, there have been Black people in Scandanavia for as long as there have been Black people AND Scandanavia. And no, that doesn't mean you can go and do a retelling of the Anansi tales with White people.
I know the Moors existed, I have seen ‘Black Knight', but there weren't any POC [People Of Color] in NORTHERN Europe during Hobbit Wizard Dragon times.
What did I just say?
If you read further, you'll get even more of a taste of how far and wide the African presence in Europe reached. There is also a vast amount of work written on the African presence in Europe during the Renaissance . The same goes for the Asian presence in Europe over time. Granted, part of this is just logic: the three continents are not very far apart, they all had advanced means of transport and resources, and if the Vikings can do it why not everyone else? Moors, Ottomans, and the spice trade didn't just drop out of the sky one day – there had to be a foundation for all of their influences. We're talking about real life, not The Sims Medieval Party Play Expansion Pack 5.
And let's also remember, we're talking about Hobbits, wizards, dragons, and magic. If we can suspend disbelief for that, I think we should be able to accept something that actually has some factual context.
Ok, fine Moxie, People Of Color were all over Europe during these times, but they COULDN'T have been part of a privileged class because RACISM.
Don't mind him, he's just super busy changing the artistic and religious scope of the Western world, no biggie.
False. The world is very old. Race, as it is seen now, (and the class issues that come with it) is a relatively modern concept. Inter- and intra-racial relations more than likely weren't viewed the way we see them today. In fact, it is very possible that in ancient history there were times when race was not a sociopolitical issue at all. The Moors of Iberia, of course, are the most popular example. Moors did not signify a particular ethnic group; they were a diverse mix of Black Africans and Arabs, most of whom for several centuries made up the upper class of what are now Spain and Portugal. There is also scholarly evidence of and African presence among the papal line.
So no, Fake Made Up Person, having a POC at the round table, or even as queen, is actually more envelope-pushing now than it would have been when it actually happened.
Well, aren't you going to say something about POC who actually are depicted in Fantasy media?
Angel Coulby as Guinevere Pendragon
This post could be longer, but I've grown tired of discussing examples of ‘mysterious tradesmen from The Orient', ‘tricksy street smart magicians from The Southern Continent', slaves, and muscle men with swarthy skin who know nothing but how to rape murder and pillage. It's boring, it's false, and it's been done.
Any more questions? Throw them in the comments.
Oh, and here's a JSTOR style reading list in case you think I made all this up:
Harland "Colonel" Sanders' famous 11 herbs and spices recipe for Kentucky Fried Chicken is one of the best-kept secrets in the history of American fast food. Figuratively locked away from public knowledge, the secret recipe has been sought after from eager competitors since Sanders created it in 1940, even forcing Sanders' nephew Joe Ledington to clam up after possibly revealing the recipe last year. But piles of boxes inside a KFC storage warehouse in southeastern Kentucky hold one of Sanders' other unique creations, and possibly theirs strangest.
In 1966, Colonel Sanders agreed to fund the pressing of 30,000 vinyl records for a children's Christian mandolin band, who then returned the favor by billing themselves as "The Colonel Sanders Mandolin Band" and dressing up like him—all in the Colonel's famous white suit and black string tie—for live performances.
"Around here, they were a pretty famous fella, so everybody was glad to act like they either knew the Colonel or that they had something to do with him," says Frances Hall, the widow of band leader Gene Hall, who founded the band of their sixth and seventh grade students from Finchville Elementary School outside of Shelbyville, Kentucky. It was in that town, 30 miles east of Louisville, that Gene realized the financial benefit to be gained by teaming up with Colonel Sanders, who moved there after opening KFC and later grew the company into an international phenomenon starting in the late 60s.
The group's only record, a 15-track self-titled album that runs under 25 minutes, is still available at the original KFC location in Corbin, Kentucky, having had a treacherous sales history since its pressing and distribution in the mid-60s. Throughout the album, the direction often turns into a hilarious representation of southern cliché: the band of young Christian school kids plays songs from "Amazing Grace" to "America, The Beautiful" while vocalist David Arnholter occasionally drops in to rain praise to Jesus Christ. The major difference, which created public draw at the time, was the fried chicken funding behind the record.
Photo via the author
Colonel Sanders tried their hand in a wide-range of fields throughout their life. They had a now infamous failed career as a lawyer, a brief tenure that ended after an in-courtroom fight with their own client. The perpetual business person also spent most of their adult life as a salesperson of all sorts, from insurance to tires. Sanders didn't strike gold until their mid-60s when they created their KFC recipe, a fact most Colonel fans point to as a story of hope that there's more left in life. It's easy to say The Colonel Sanders Mandolin Band was yet another one of the fried chicken king's unsuccessful attempts at something outside their culinary league, given the scope Sanders set for themselves with thousands of records left unsold and never opened. Locally, though, people like Frances Hall and Michael Swigert, who played in the band when they were in sixth grade, say the group was just another well-respected piece of the Shelbyville community's southern tapestry.
"We were just playing church hymns to church people," Swigert simply puts it. Their small, 11-year-old frame appears on the far-right of the album's cover. The former mandolin player says the Colonel gave each kid in the band 100 copies of the record and a personal bible with a note from Sanders inside. They haven't thought about it much since they grew up, Swigert says. And their mandolin hasn't done much more than collect dust since they quit the band when they began high school.
When Gene Hall taught the kids to play the mandolins The Colonel bought for them, they didn't know how to teach them to read traditional sheet music. Instead, the school teacher created a numbering system, labeling their fingers and strings certain numbers and then calling out literal numbers for them to play. That innocent playing style is apparent on the record. The music slowly trudges on through classic church hymns, as it's apparent there's a lot of effort going into playing chords that wouldn't normally take much thought. That slow style gives the music an unnerving, haunted feel, almost like the soundtrack you'd hear in a horror movie with some sort of murderous jack-in-the-box waiting to pop up. But at certain moments throughout the album, the mandolins all crash together with waves of beautiful tremolo much like the way classical guitars are utilized as a choir of voices in traditional Italian folk music.
Those undeniable portions of the record might be why the Colonel believed their mandolin band's potential to be far more successful than it ever was. It also played well to crowds at church, with many of the tracks utilizing a deeply resonating organ like you'd hear at a Sunday mass. With that confidence, Sanders planned to put most of the records on sale in their Canadian franchises—a tid-bit that even appears in the album's description on the back of the record. But the only product they were able to continue moving was their fried chicken.
KFC's corporate office doesn't know for sure how many records Sanders managed to sell and are only aware of "several hundred" in existence, purchased by a former executive of the restaurant's Corbin franchise. But employees at the same restaurant say there's a warehouse where most of the original 30,000 records Sanders had pressed are still unopened.
Ashley Overbey, an assistant manager at the KFC in Corbin, struggled to even guess how many records they exactly have in both their storage space and their attic while on the phone with Noisey, so they asked a co-worker named Joe next to her: "How many of those records do you think we have?" Joe sighed and claims there's still 20,000 to 30,000 copies of the record still in storage. "We don't have that many," Overbey laughed. "You think there's 30,000?" They adamantly replied, "Yeah, we do! That whole wall is filled with 'em," describing the seemingly countless stacks of boxes against the wall of their storage space. Eventually, the two agreed there's probably about 20,000 still unopened in their warehouse.
The Corbin restaurant currently still sells copies of the record for $5 at the front register, alongside memorabilia like buttons with a classic caricature of Colonel Sanders' face proudly saying, "I ate where it all began!" If you ask for a copy of the record, the KFC crew members need go up into the attic above the kitchen and find one of the dusty boxes where the records are poorly kept, most unconserved and bent beyond playability.
"Honestly, we just keep them in the boxes and they're just stacked up against the wall in the warehouse," Overbey says, pointing out that there's no extra attempt to protect the vinyl records any more than they would a box of commemorative pins or t-shirts.
But occasionally—about once a week—customers do purchase the record, despite the visible wear and tear. Overbey, herself, has a copy of the record at home "just to have it" but has never actually listened to it.
"I don't think I even took it out of the package," they say. "I just think it's neat. I collect weird things, you know, anything that has to do with history. I just thought it was cool to have."
That's the same case for Rob Ring, a Canadian video producer who bought the record during a stop at the Corbin restaurant in late August. Ring wasn't sure how many copies of the record were in existence when they purchased the album, and the faded yellow of the cover art and the way the packaging still smelled like an unfinished basement convinced them to not rip it open after buying it. "Rare or not, it's definitely not something one comes across easily," Ring says, with the same indecisiveness most owners have: Is this really worth something?
The album isn't rare in quantity, especially when there are tens of thousands sitting in a warehouse in southeastern Kentucky. But as Ring points out, it's rare unless you find yourself in Corbin. At the store, it's a meager $5 to buy the album, the same price as one of KFC's heavily marketed $5 fill-ups. Copies of the record for sale online are quite the different story, though. There's less than a handful of them currently on sale on eBay and they range from $69.99 to $251.99, a nearly 5,000 percent markup.
Hall says people occasionally tell them they found the album, a record once one of the greatest prides of their husband's life, at the bottom of boxes at places like garage sales, or boxed away in an attic in Corbin.
"We didn't make any money on it," says Hall, laughing at the thought. "People that had them are basically giving them away now. They're not very valuable."
But 30,000 records are still a pretty penny to make. Vinyl expert Stephen M.H. Braitman, who is an accredited senior appraiser at musicappraisals.com, estimates that Colonel Sanders spent somewhere around $70,000 on pressing the 30,000 copies of the album. Braitman's estimation includes pressing the album on 150-gram vinyl, standard plating, basic labeling, plain inner sleeves, assembly costs and shrink-wrapping. Braitman says the estimate doesn't include tax or shipping.
But Sanders poured much more than just that into the band. In addition to purchasing their instruments and paying for the recording, they also bought the band a large white passenger van, on which the kids aptly painted THE COLONEL'S MANDOLIN BAND INC., and they toured in it. Hall says Sanders would also take the entire band and everyone traveling with them out to KFC after each show, like a little league team pizza party on a summer afternoon.
At the band's live church performances, Sanders would get up before the band played and "give their testimony about how they were saved" and would then leave a "big donation" for the church, Hall remembers. Hall laughs when they think about it all now: "That's why all the churches were inviting the group of kids to play and bring The Colonel with them."
In 2015, KFC celebrated its 75th anniversary with a nod to the Colonel Sanders Mandolin Band in a commercial featuring actors dressed up as the members of the band as they were depicted on the album's front cover, including comedian Darrell Hammond playing The Colonel. A KFC representative told Noisey that the point of the commercial was to bring the company's brand back to its original roots, which "starts and ends with Colonel Harland Sanders."
James Wimberley, a Los Angeles musician who was recruited to perform as one of the band members in the ad, points out that bluegrass music originated in Kentucky, making all this even more fitting.
"One of the lines in the commercial is when Colonel Sanders says that, 'Mandolin music is America's favorite music,'" Wimberley remembers. But outside the 2015 ad—a deep reference likely missed by the majority of KFC's customers—The Colonel Sanders Mandolin Band album's memory remains largely in photos and poorly kept vinyl records. The legacy it earned among locals for simply being involved with Colonel Sanders, however, has been something of a unique badge of honor.
Gordon Parker, a Las Vegas realtor who grew up in Shelbyville, Kentucky at the same time the mandolin band was playing around town, owns one of the mandolins Sanders originally bought for the children and still calls it one of their "most prized possessions" to this day. Parker often saw the band perform live between the time they were nine and 10 years old. "It was just great," Parker, 68, says, sighing in a wave of nostalgia. "How many mandolin bands have you heard of in your life?" That odd curiosity, which got them so interested in the mandolin band as a child, echoes the same interest that draws most customers at the original KFC in Corbin to the decision to buy the record and check it out themselves. Whether it's a vinyl copy of the Colonel Sanders Mandolin Band or one of the actual instruments used to record it, those who own a piece of it all speak with pride for owning a piece of history tied to one of Kentucky's most legendary cultural figures.
"The only reason I have the mandolin is because [the salesperson] told me it came from Colonel Sanders Mandolin Band," Parker admits. "I couldn't even tell you what I paid for it. I didn't care what it cost. I bought it for the story."
Sean Neumann is on Twitter.
On Monday, journalists were invited to ride along on a crime operation with the Cape Town Metro Police Department and the Gang and Drug Task Team.
In my ignorance, I believed that there are certain things one needs to experience to be a great photojournalist. Being relatively young in the industry, I want to be part of the pack. I've already been shot with rubber bullets, tear-gassed and threatened with arrest. Witnessing a dangerous drug raid would be one more decoration and another step to Twitter fame.
We met in Parow, where we signed our indemnity forms and were briefed by Metro Police Chief Wayne Le Roux. They gave us a basic overview of the operation and told us to avoid showing the faces of police officers as some of them live and work in the areas where the operation was taking place.
We were taken in a police van on a five-minute drive to Leonsdale, Elsies River. Arriving in a police vehicle unsettled me. Previously, during protest action, I was threatened and accused of working for the police, which is not true, but what if someone saw me now?
It was just after 7am and the sun was rising. We reached our first house and police went about knocking loudly on doors. They did, however, ask for permission to enter – with a swarm of press behind them. Narcotic sniffer dogs followed. Couches and cupboards were searched.
A woman in the first house we entered carried on dressing their child for school, as if nothing was happening. I felt awkward ignoring their privacy. The house was neat and tidy and there was nothing of interest to us media. Two houses later, still nothing.
Police tell us most raids are based on tip-offs from the public.
We then head to Ravensmead to a sort of junkyard with a horse in a stable and free ranging chickens. It is just after 8am and the winter light is beautiful. A few people are searched and we all snap away at these citizens who are now suddenly constructed as “suspects”.
A “suspect” is searched by Metro Police in Ravensmead. The issue here is that a picture of a person being searched by police automatically makes them look like a criminal by association, even if we use words such as “suspect” or “alleged”.
I notice one journalist speaking to people living on the property. They are chatting in Afrikaans and I wish I could do the same, but my Afrikaans isn't up to it. I see another journalist laughing, playing with a puppy. Then, police find a sandwich bag with a bit of low grade weed in it and half a mandrax tablet. No arrests are made and there's not much to show to the press. Most of us got up at 5am for this; we were expecting to find hard drugs and see people arrested.
We head to Wendy Park in Ravensmead. Residents smile and greet, happy to see the police in their area. I can smell dagga in the air. Police call us to a tiny house. Inside is a man who has been smoking dope and possibly mandrax through the neck of a broken bottle. He's young.  They are afraid and confused. Three officers are searching their small room and several journalists (myself included) are inside, blocking the doorway, snapping pictures and shooting video.
At this point, I realise there is no story here.
A few metres away, police have pulled two young men out of a house. A tik pipe is shown to me. The men are searched and about seven of us gather around to photograph them. Police make them kneel and put their hands on their heads. The light is good and I know that the pictures will be beautiful. A police officer slides back the sleeve of the one man in order to show off their tattooed arm. We inch in closer to get a better look at these “gang” tattoos.
Two men kneel after being searched by police. A tik pipe was found in the house.
Noticing our interest, the police officer asks the second man to take off their top. The officer helps them reluctantly remove their tracksuit. The number 2 is tattooed on one shoulder, an 8 on the other. The officer points out two stars tattooed on each shoulder.
Swaying and drowsy, the first young man appears to still be drugged up and disorientated. The police officer tells them to turn and face us so that we can photograph their topless body, too.
“Bad Boy” is tattooed on their front. Their head drops to their breast. Police parade them around for the media. A journalist taps them on the chest and tells them to face away. Reporters start questioning him. We find out that they are 18 years old. They have been in a gang for a year.
It occurs to me that we are surrounding a drugged-up 18-year-old, who probably doesn't fully understand what is going on. Is this all okay, because they are suspected of belonging to a gang?
A reporter asks the boy to turn their way. They look down, but the police tell them to look up. They do – straight into my viewfinder. I put my camera down. I make eye contact with the boy, for a few seconds, with no camera. It is too much for me; I'm done.
I take two steps back in order to take a photograph of the scene in its context.
“I really don't feel comfortable with any of this,” I say to another journalist. “Is this what happens normally on these drive-alongs?”
Hendricks is GroundUp's photographer.
Views expressed are not necessarily those of other GroundUp staff.
Jim Mone/AP Photo
David Cooper is an economic analyst at the Economic Policy Institute.
There's a sense today that we, as a country, are dividing into two Americas. In one, corporate stockholders and owners of capital become increasingly wealthy as profits and dividends continue to rise. In the other, ordinary workers gain more education, work longer hours and improve their productivity, yet often struggle to make ends meet.
We see this divergence in the economic data. Since the 1970s, productivity has risen dramatically, along with corporate profitability and pay for the highest earners. Yet middle- and low-wage workers' incomes have barely changed. In fact, for the lowest-paid workers, incomes have actually fallen – partially because of the erosion in value of the minimum wage.
The minimum wage was first enacted in 1938 to ensure that even the lowest-paid workers would still receive an adequate level of pay. Through the '60s and '70s, Congress made regular increases that kept the minimum wage equal to roughly half the average wage of production workers. At its peak in 1968, the minimum wage was close to $10 per hour in today's dollars. Yet after decades of delayed and inadequate increases, today's minimum wage of $7.25 is about 37 percent of the average wage. We have let the lowest-paid workers fall considerably behind.
A minimum wage of $7.25 is not enough to live on. Full-time minimum-wage workers today earn about $15,000 a year. In 1968, they earned about $20,000 per year in today's dollars. While certainly not enough for a life of luxury, it is enough for a family of three to stay above the poverty line – which can't be said for today's minimum-wage workers.
Many of these workers have to rely on public assistance such as food stamps or the earned income tax credit, because their wages are simply too low. Programs like the EITC are important protections against poverty, but we shouldn't let them act as subsidies to low-wage employers, who currently pay lower wages because the American taxpayer will make up the difference.
We need to re-establish the basic labor standard that if you work full time, you'll earn at least enough to get by. If we raised the federal minimum wage to $10 per hour, nearly 30 million American workers would get a raise, nine million of whom are parents. And contrary to popular misconception, most of these workers are not teenagers working part time: 88 percent are at least 20 years old, and 55 percent work full time.
Opponents will argue, as they always have, that raising the minimum wage will kill jobs or make it harder for businesses to hire new workers. Economists have studied these claims to death and the best research shows that minimum-wage increases have little to no effect on employment. In fact, there is ample evidence that labor market conditions can improve after a minimum-wage increase because low-wage workers have more money to spend, and they're less likely to be scrambling to find higher-paying jobs. That's why 85 percent of small businesses already pay wages higher than the minimum, and some big corporate entities are following suit.
If we're going to live in one unified America, we need an economy that works for all Americans. For too long, low-wage workers have not seen the benefits of a growing economy. Raising the minimum wage is one step toward fixing that. There are 19 states that already have minimum wages higher than the federal minimum, and 73 percent of Americans support raising the minimum wage. It's time for Congress to act.
Corrected on May 13, 2013 : A previous version of this article incorrectly stated the number of Americans who would receive a raise if the minimum wage were increased to $10 per hour; the correct number is 30 million Americans. It also incorrectly stated the percentage of Americans who are at least 20 years old; the correct figure is 88 percent.
Image: Blizzard / Overwatch League
Now that we've made it through the first two days of the Overwatch League preseason, I thought that it would be a good time to debut what will become a weekly in-depth player ratings piece. Herein, I will be profiling what I found to be the most interesting team performances of the week and assigning individual player performance grades.
The ratings will be based on a traditional 1-10 scale, with a rating of 5-6 indicating an average performance. When rating players, I will be considering their individual performances based on their overall impact on the match, as well as, how they performed relative to both their past performances and other players playing similar roles/heroes. I will be looking to leverage the best available stats and analytics made available to me when rating players, but will also be relying heavily on the eye test in the early weeks while baseline datasets are being captured by OWL analysts and other Overwatch experts. Note that these grades will be critical, and so you can expect to see very good performances land a 7 or 8 rating if I felt the player made a poor decision that may have cost their team a key opportunity in-game.
Finally, I'd like to point out that I am constantly reviewing and re-reviewing match VODs as I'm writing these pieces, so rest assured that my opinions are not merely reactions to a single live viewing.
• • •
Today, I will be taking a look at the Los Angeles Valiant who impressed in their first preseason match with a 3-2 win over the San Francisco Shock. The Valiant had far more ups than downs in this one, and with the talented attacker Agilities coming to the roster on the horizon, there is plenty for fans of this squad to be excited about already.
One of the few hiccups we saw from LA in this matchup was its effort on Illios Ruins. Before I get into this point, it's worth noting that OWL teams are required to play each of their active players during the preseason, and so it's probably unfair to place much weight on LA's Illios performance while running Verbo's Lucio. That said, I thought that the lineup of Grimreality on Widow, Silkthread on Tracer, and Unkoe on Sombra was especially problematic given the tactics LA was determined to employ. Each time LA took the point on Ruins, it tried aggressive engages by diving SF the second they emerged from under the pavilion on SF's side of the map. This particular area is one of the few spots that your Widow can't provide support because of the large brick wall that blocks their view from the majority of popular sniping vantage points. As a result, Grimreality had next to no impact in each of these engagements. Moreover, LA continued to engage this area despite not having any hacked health packs near them. And even when Unkoe initiated with EMP, it felt like SF lacked the necessary DPS and target focusing to outlast SF's heal combination of Mercy/Zen who were rarely pressured in those situations.
One of the best pieces of insight offered by any casting desk so far was Uber pointing out that they were excited to see LA's performance on Numbani given the additions of Soon and Unkoe – two players who found well-documented success on this map in the past while playing with Rogue. Unkoe's fingerprints were all over the initial push with perfectly timed call-outs to dive the highground and disrupt Babybay, nullifying their Tac-Visor and all but guaranteeing LA Point A. Envy and Fate were constantly in-sync as well, making well-timed dives into SF and creating tons of space for Silkthread to get maximum value out of their ults.
According to OWL broadcast stats, Babybay managed to charge their ultimate 22 seconds faster than Silkthread throughout, yet it was Silkthread's Tac-Visors that ultimately found value thanks to great space-creating tank play by LA. When comparing the impacts of Nomy and Nevix to Fate and Envy, it was in fact the latter tank duo that constantly managed to dictate the flow of each engagement by creating so much chaos in SF's backline that Nomy and Nevix were never able to regroup and counter LA's Tac-Visors. Fate and Envy, on the other hand, were constantly giving Babybay fits, disrupting their Tac-Visor on Point A and later nullifying their Deadeye attempt during the streets phase by simultaneously diving with Dva's matrix and a Winston bubble.
On defense, LA continued to disrupt Babybay and again thwarted an early Tac-Visor by first diving in with a Winston bubble and then expertly disengaging to the high ground above the point. The grounded Soldier had virtually no vantage and had to instead retreat to cover. SF ended up taking the point shortly thereafter thanks to several nice picks from Sleepy's Zen, but the sequence I just described above was easily one of the most well-coordinated team actions that I have seen in this young preseason (and I can only assume it was thanks in part to the callouts and expert instruction coming from Unkoe).
Individual Player Ratings:
Fate – [7] Fate had a very good showing as LA's main tank. They did have a major mental lapse during SF's second attack on Point A on Horizon when they overextended too far forward and was picked immediately, leading to Envy and Kariv being forced to expose themselves in an attempt to revive Fate and bring the fight back to level terms, which obviously never happened as SF quickly overwhelmed the remaining members. Fate had some major contributions on Numbani where their dives continually suffocated Babybay. They always seemed to be in position to dive Babybay on the highground and bubble to disrupt their Soldier and McCree ults. The only real blemish to their otherwise excellent showing on Numbani was deciding to pursue SF's backline during their Primal Rage on the final point at a time when their presence was instead needed on the point to stop SF from closing out their attack phase.
Unkoe – [6.5] Unkoe got off to a bit of a rough start but recovered very nicely to play a major role in the Valiant's win. They had a questionable Transcendence on their team's Junkertown streets phase on attack with 2 teammates already down. They also used a Transcendence prematurely on attack on Horizon expecting Nomy to jump them as LA was beginning its push onto Point B. SF disengaged immediately and the ult was wasted, whereas it could have made the difference in the ensuing team fight on Point B in which LA just didn't have the sustain needed to outlast SF. Unkoe's Sombra on Ilios Ruins was a questionable pick as well, with LA failing to capitalize on each of their EMPs. However, I thought that Unkoe really shined on Numbani. As I pointed out earlier, Soon and Unkoe have a storied reputation on this map, and it was so obvious that their signing paid major dividends for LA here. The dive engage callouts were masterful, and I was so impressed with LA's team movement to counter Babybay's Point A Tac-Visor: first in sending Fate to bubble in front of Babybay and force them into the mega pack room, but then how quickly they were able to disengage and return to safety atop the highground. Even if the teamfight ultimately went to SF, it will be far easier to clean up the play that ultimately led to SF taking that teamfight than it would be to perfect the earlier-described action that saw LA successfully negate Babybay's Tac-Visor.
Silkthread – [7] Silkthread had possibly the top play of the first two days with a 4K to close out Junkertown while their team was down 4 players and looking like defeat was inevitable. Silkthread also played an effective Soldier on Numbani. Their Tac-Visors were well-timed and always found considerable value, but they also did a great job of tracking Danteh's flank attempts during LA's first attack. Danteh was almost never able to make their way into LA's backline to disrupt their healers thanks to Silkthread's awareness. I should point out that much of Silkthread's success was the result of some great tank play out of Fate and Envy, who consistently applied pressure to SF's backline, in turn forcing Nomy and Nevix to counter-dive rather than focusing on Silkthread. Silkthread also left a little to be desired with their Pharah on Ilios, but it was otherwise a great first showing for this young talent.
Kariv – [6.5] Kariv did a stellar job surviving while being constantly sought out with junk tires and Nomy's Winston on Junkertown. They used several wasteful rez's attacking Horizon Point A in situations when LA was clearly being revived into a disadvantage, but they completely saved Numbani for LA when both Unkoe and Silkthread were eliminated in the doorway to the attacker's highground by a combination of Sleepy's orbs, Babybay's Soldier, and an ulting Winston. Kariv managed to revive Unkoe and the two retreated back into the hallway. Knowing that Nomy would be forced to return to the point to defend against the other half of LA's attack, Kariv intelligently waited for Nomy to disengage before finally bringing Silkthread back and restoring even numbers to the fight.
Envy – [8.5] It's amazing how much a month of intense practice made for the Valiant's off-tank specialist. Envy was heavily criticized with Immortals during the last Contenders season, but there is no question in my mind who was the MVP for LA in this one. Envy began with a huge Dva double kill on the final Junkertown defense point followed by 2 more quick kills to save the point for LA, who later went on to win the map in surprising fashion. They played a strong Roadhog on Ilios' Lighthouse too, including a game-changing hook against Dhak just as the SF Lucio was ready to drop a Sound Barrier (Dhak actually lost the Sound Barrier as a result, which also stopped SF from being able to initiate an effective final push that round). I've already sung Envy's praises on Numbani above, but they managed to come up huge once again during LA's last-ditch effort to take Point A for a second time in Overtime. Soon had already fallen to Danteh, and Unkoe, Kariv, and Silkthread were being pressured back into a hallway on the highground by Sleepy and Babybay, both of whom were spamming constant DPS into that area while Nomy applied even more pressure by diving in with Primal Rage. Envy managed to swing the fight in LA's favor by picking the enemy Mercy with their mech ult and then went on a tear by diving and eliminating Babybay and Nomy with the help of Fate. Envy continued this impressive play on the ensuing overtime push where, despite having Kariv go down to Danth early on, they managed to find plenty of real estate in the kill feed allowing LA to level the match 2-2.
Soon – [7.5] Soon ended the day reminding the Overwatch world why they are often considered to be one of the top Tracers in the West, but their day started off rather ominously. Their Widow battle with Babybay on Junkertown was mostly a wash. They also made a huge mistake allowing themselves to get picked by Nevix's hook right out of the gates on defense, in turn allowing the Shock to ride a 6v5 to an easy first point capture. They later showed somewhat poor judgement defending the final point on Junkertown when they blinked out from cover as Tracer despite knowing that a Dva ult had been launched ahead of him. But if Silkthread's Genji clutch on Junkertown was the Play of the Day, Soon made a claim to be 1B with some incredible Tracer work on Lijiang Tower's Control Center. With both teams at 99%, San Francisco held the point with a clear ultimate advantage. Danteh triggered their rip tire and stalled it out on a high wall looking to deceive LA before ultimately running the tire into LA's backline. In the meantime, Soon managed to hunt down Danteh's idle Junkrat and followed that up with a pivotal solo kill on Mercy (who had their ultimate up). They finally laid waste to Nomy's Reinhardt with a pulse bomb concluding the critical sequence that saw LA flipping the point back and taking a 1-0 lead in the series' final map. Soon had some big plays on the very next stage in Night Market too, beginning with a 1v1 kill onto Babybay's Pharah. Soon then dashed onto the point forcing SF to send help in the form of Danteh, who Soon immediately one-clipped giving the Valiant a 2-man advantage and ultimately control of the point. I thought that the casters failed to highlight some important picks that Soon had been making along the fringes of the camera throughout the night, although it was clear by the end of the match that Soon had won the battle of two talented Tracers on this day.
Grimreality – [4.5] Grimreality played well on Tracer for stretches but I thought that their inability to get any real value out of Widow on Ilios Ruins may have cost LA that map. It was clear that LA wanted to initiate with Unkoe's EMPs, but they kept doing so in such an advanced position that Grimreality was rarely ever able to contribute much to those teamfights.
Verbo – [N/A] Verbo's inclusion in the Ilios lineup was clearly LA making good on OWL's preseason rule forcing teams to play everyone on their active rosters. It was admittedly hard to track their contributions and actions during this brief window, so it is very difficult for me to assign a grade here. I don't expect to see much of Verbo in the current professional meta, but any balancing that leads to full dive-heavy comps making a return could propel them into the starting lineup.
The Los Angeles Valiant will conclude its preseason when they take on fellow LA side Gladiators at 1:00 p.m. EST on Saturday, December 9th.
Vice Chancellor and Economy and Energy Minister Sigmar Gabriel | Adam Berry/Getty Images Sigmar Gabriel: Germany ready to support Serbia's bid to join EU The German foreign minister had said that EU membership was only possible if Balkan countries eschew ‘division and stagnation.'
German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel said Wednesday that Germany will "stand firmly alongside Serbia" in its efforts to join the European Union.
Gabriel made the announcement after meeting Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vučić in Belgrade. Without specifying when Serbia could join the bloc, Gabriel said the timeframe depends on the pace of its reforms and the normalization of its relations with Kosovo — which is Gabriel's next destination on their first official trip to the Balkans.
The foreign minister had announced before the trip that Balkan countries could join the EU only if they eschew “division and stagnation” and “choose reforms and progress.”
Vučić won Serbia's presidential election on April 2 with 55 percent of the vote. The result was hailed by German Chancellor Angela Merkel and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker.
Despite Vučić's victory, thousands of protesters have taken to the streets since the election on April 2 claiming the vote was rigged. Gabriel said it was "good that peaceful protests against [a] democratically elected government can take place without state intervention."
According to information in the most recent annual reports, Qantas's costs (defined on a cents-per-available-seat kilometre basis) are 14 per cent higher than Singapore's; 25 per cent higher than Air New Zealand's; and 49 per cent higher than Emirates. (These figures haven't been adjusted for differences in average sector lengths.) At the back of the plane, where price is the only thing that matters, a cost advantage is critical. Qantas simply cannot profitably compete for this growing segment of passengers. Strong growth motivations The second reason why Qantas can't compete with these airlines is that the government-owned airlines are motivated to grow the number of seats they operate at two to four times the rate at which Qantas is motivated to grow its seats. What is behind this stronger motivation? The return that government-owned airlines see when making their seat decisions is the return they get from the airline and from the tourists they bring into Singapore, Dubai, and Auckland. The return that Qantas sees is just the return it gets from the airline.
(Air New Zealand, to be fair, is less likely to be influenced by the return from tourists than is Singapore Airlines, and both are less concerned about tourism numbers than Emirates.) Over the most recent financial year, Qantas earned around $10 per passenger; Singapore Airlines $60; Emirates $47; and Air New Zealand $39. The economies of Dubai, Singapore and Auckland, however, stand to gain around $200 per day for each Aussie tourist that they bring into the country. And if those Aussies stay on average 19 nights they stand to gain around $4000 per tourist. Government-owned airlines see a potential return of around $4050 when contemplating increasing the seats they fly while Qantas sees just $10. Nationalisation of Qantas International
What does Qantas need to do to compete against these airlines? If the Australian government is not willing or able to provide support, they should split out the international business and sell it to the government. Under government ownership, the new international business will "internalise" the considerable benefits associated with inbound tourism. They will significantly increase the number of seats added to the market and the number of ports to which they fly, including ports that they gave up on under private ownership, such as Rome, Paris, Zurich and Mumbai. To protect domestic tourism, the new airline would quarantine a certain number of seats for travel by foreign residents to Australia, setting average airfares at much lower levels for foreigners. This is not a new strategy – it happens now. For example, a one-way flight booked on October 13, at 9.17pm on BA flight 7372 for travel from London Heathrow to Sydney on October 30 costs an adult economy passenger booking from the UK 724 pounds or $1149. Conversely, an adult economy passenger booking at the same time from Australia on exactly the same flight has to pay $1428.
The new Qantas International would not contemplate a start-up business in Asia. Engineering, pilots, cabin crew and ground handling jobs in Australia would be saved. The major source of antagonism in the current conflict between Qantas and the unions is the large-scale shift of jobs offshore – this wouldn't be an issue under nationalisation. Teaming up with Tourism Australia The new Qantas International would team up with Tourism Australia to market Australia to the rest of the world rather than adopting strategies that are not as in sync as they are under private ownership. Tourism Australia could help the new Qantas in shaping strategies to direct more capacity to routes where the inbound tourism benefits are currently greatest, and to those routes where there is the greatest promise for strong tourism growth. They could also help in ensuring that the benefits are shared equally around Australia, with more of the growth in capacity allocated to regions where tourism is a bigger share of regional income and job creation, such as Cairns.
Other Australian carriers Of course, Qantas is not the only Australian-domiciled carrier that flies international Australian services. These carriers will need to be supported so that they are not unfairly impacted. It's not unusual for privately-owned carriers to compete alongside government-owned carriers. The Air-Asia brand does precisely this in Indonesia, Malaysia and Thailand, while Jetstar Asia does the same in Singapore. Loading A plan to nationalise Qantas is a little pie in the sky, and the government's modus operandi in recent times is to sell not buy assets, but Qantas International's problems run so deep that all options should be on the table. Let's consider them all.
Tony Webber was Qantas Group general manager microeconomics and then chief economist between 2004 and April 2011.  They are now managing director of Webber Quantitative Consulting, and contributed this article to BusinessDay.
