Finance Magnates has learned that Bank Leumi, Israel's second largest bank, is now blocking payments to Bitcoin exchanges.
A number of users have had their payments stopped already. One user informed us that they were notified that their credit payment to ‘Coinmama', a Bitcoin purchasing service, was blocked by Bank Leumi, which claimed that the action was by order of the Bank of Israel. The payment was attempted via Leumi Card, Bank Leumi's credit arm.
Join the iFX EXPO Asia and discover your gateway to the Asian Markets
Coinmama allegedly a gambling site
The customer, who had previously made payments to Coinmama without issue, was informed by telephone that their latest payment was blocked because Coinmama is classified as a gambling site. They were also told that they were ‘lucky' that their payments had been processed in the past, but now a Bank of Israel directive has closed this loop, and other banks will follow suit shortly.
They later received an official letter from Leumi Card, which said:
“As part of the framework of ongoing security activity and in light of the explicit instructions of the Bank of Israel (in accordance with the law prohibiting gambling in the State of Israel), Leumi Card monitors and blocks websites that execute gambling transactions. Leumi cardholders are not permitted to make transactions through them.”
The customer was also told by Bank Leumi that Bank Hapoalim, another major Israeli bank, does transact with cryptocurrency exchanges as of now, but that this is also due to change soon.
Finance Magnates reached out the Bank of Israel for a statement. The bank said that the law that has been in place for some years is that banks must manage their own risk when dealing with illegal enterprises. It had no comment on the legality of Coinmama specifically or cryptocurrency in general.
Suggested articles Why Brokerages Outsource Their Broker TechnologyGo to article >>
This is in contrast to the information found in the letter from Bank Leumi.
In response to our request for comment, Leumi Card said: “We act in accordance with the provisions of the law and the company's risk management policy.”
In June of this year, a troubling precedent was set for cryptocurrency exchanges. A dispute arose between Bitcoin exchange Bits of Gold and Israeli bank Bank Leumi after the latter denied service to the former.
Bits of Gold followed KYC reporting procedures, but the bank argued that the nature of cryptocurrency meant that it could not be sure who the recipients of the transactions would be, and thus could not be in compliance with anti-money laundering requirements. Tel Aviv district court ruled in favour of the bank.
Regulation not yet set
As one would expect in a country nicknamed ‘startup nation', Israel is replete with blockchain hubs and startups. A Bitcoin ATM has been operational in Tel Aviv since August of this year. At the same time, the authorities have been lukewarm in their acceptance of cryptocurrency.
The Israeli Securities Authority has been evaluating the new industry, and the ICO craze in particular, with an eye to deciding how exactly to regulate it. Several options are under discussion, from treating digital currencies as securities to an outright ban. What is very clear though is that the authorities are keen to avoid another binary options-style scam festival.
Since the asupervisorstioned court case, cryptocurrency exchanges have been intermittently claiming to have had incoming payments blocked, but only today has this been confirmed.
Carlo Ancelotti has confessed their desire to coach Roma and AC Milan in the future.
The Italian tactician previously enjoyed an incredibly successful spell in charge at the Stadio Giuseppe Meazza, where they also spent time as a player, whereas they have never coached the Giallorossi, though they remain a popular figure at the club since their time there as a player.
Speaking to Corriere dello Sport, Ancelotti admitted they would be keen to take the reins at either of the Serie A clubs.
“I love Roma and the city,” the former Chelsea boss began.
“I would love to return to the club one day.”
The 56-year-old went on to reveal just how close they came to rejoining the Rossoneri in the summer, but a medical issue dictated they could not take the job, which led to Sinisa Mihajlovic taking charge at the San Siro.
“I would also like to return to Milan at some point. I came close to going back in the summer, but I needed to take some time off as I required surgery.”
Follow @concalcio
Sen. John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid: ‘A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans' Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE (R-Ariz.) is key to President Trump's political survival. And that might not be good news for the president given the long history of bickering between the two men. What McCain thinks and says may well determine whether Trump becomes the first president convicted of impeachment and removed from office, or whether they become the second president to resign from the presidency.
There are a number of eerie parallels between Trump's turbulent presidency and Richard Nixon's Watergate woes. Campaign interference, secretive financial transactions, fired investigators, hatred of the media and allegations of obstruction of justice are just the start of the stunning déjà vu moments that are unfolding now. But there is one other overlooked parallel involving McCain that may yet play out in the drama of Trump's presidency.
ADVERTISEMENT
On August 7, 1974, it was another Arizona senator, Barry Goldwater, who led a small delegation of congressional leaders to the White House to tell Nixon that their support among Republicans had eroded significantly and that they would very likely be impeached by the House and convicted by the Senate. Two days later Nixon resigned.
Ten years earlier, Goldwater had been the GOP's presidential standard-bearer and had lost in a devastating landslide to Lyndon Johnson.
Next year, it will be ten years since McCain lost the 2008 presidential race to Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaWith low birth rate, America needs future migrants 4 ways Hillary looms over the 2020 race Obama goes viral after sporting black bomber jacket with '44' on sleeve at basketball game MORE.
If Trump loses support from McCain, their lease on the White House could end abruptly.
Nixon's downfall began with their nefarious campaign actions in their 1972 re-election bid. A bungled break-in of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) headquarters by operatives with ties to the president's re-election campaign started the Watergate scandal. To ensure Nixon's success at the polls, they were trying to get an inside look at DNC secrets by stealing (or photographing) campaign documents and wiretapping the phones.
Trump and their campaign are the subjects of multiple investigations by Congress and a special counsel to the Justice Department about whether their campaign colluded with Russia to tilt the election to the billionaire real estate mogul.
Like Watergate, Trump's emerging Russiagate scandal involves stealing strategic campaign information. While Nixon's henchmen sought to use the DNC information privately to the president's electoral advantage, whoever was behind the hacking of sensitive emails of the Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE campaign, released them to directly sway voters. The Trump investigations also seek to uncover whether any level of Trump's campaign colluded with Russia in their disinformation campaign against Clinton.
It was the investigative work of The Washington Post that set in motion the unraveling of Nixon's presidency. They followed the trail of the money. And money appears to be at the heart of the Trump-Russia investigations with growing concerns about the president's investments and loans. Because the media has the potential to blow the lid on any emerging scandal, it's not surprising that neither Nixon nor Trump expressed any fondness for media, with Trump calling them “the enemy of the American people.” Nixon also called the press the “enemy.”
But what eventually sunk Nixon wasn't so much the Watergate break-in. It was their cover-up. Keeping facts from seeing the light of day and maintaining secrecy of records is just part of a cover-up. Just as Nixon refused to initially turn over their secret White House tape recordings, Trump refuses to disclose their income tax returns which may shed light on their relationship with Russia.
Nixon asked the CIA to stop the FBI's investigation of Watergate. When two top Justice Department officials refused to carry out the president's order to fire the special prosecutor investigating Watergate, Nixon sacked them in the infamous Saturday Night Massacre.
Obstruction of justice was at the top of the list in the articles of impeachment approved by the House Judiciary Committee that charged that Nixon “prevented, obstructed, and impeded the administration of justice.”
Trump has put themselves in a precarious position if allegations about their attempts to obstruct the investigations into their campaign's reported collusion with Russia are proven true. The president supposedly asked former FBI Director James Comey to back off their investigation of former national security advisor Michael Flynn. Trump fired both. Trump said that they had the “Russia thing” in mind when they canned Comey. The president reportedly told two Russian officials that firing the “real nut job” Comey had relieved the “great pressure” they felt “because of Russia.”
And there are reports that Trump asked both Director of National Intelligence Daniel Coats and Director of the National Security Agency Michael Rogers to publicly deny any collusion between Trump's campaign and Russia. They both declined to act on the president's request.
In their comments about revelations that the president's son-in-law Jared Kushner may have attempted to set up an unsecured back channel communication with Russia after the election, McCain said “I don't like it.” They went on to comment about the tangled web of Russian intrigue by noting that “this becomes more and more bizarre. In fact, you can't make it up.”
Why should Trump be worried about what McCain thinks? The maverick senator is one of the few congressional Republicans who are departing from party allegiance and orthodoxy that calls for unabashed support for the beleaguered president. McCain, known for their blunt comments, is bucking a sitting president.
McCain, who has been in the Senate for 30 years, understands history. “We've seen this movie before,” they stated, calling the unfolding Trump scandals an issue of “Watergate size and scale.”
When Trump loses support from Republicans in Congress — which will occur when they realize their own political fortunes are at risk of being swamped by Trump's un-presidential behavior, if not their more serious ethical issues — they will desert the president. First they'll timidly go one-by-one, then in mass.
Even if the investigations do not reveal a smoking gun against Trump, impeachment is ultimately a political process. Certainly, for impeachment to move forward, there needs to be documented and credible charges of “treason, bribery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors.” But as then-Rep. Gerald Ford said in 1970, “an impeachable offense is whatever a majority of the House of Representatives considers it to be at a given moment in history.”
Will McCain — the respected Republican senator from Arizona and former presidential candidate — cement the eerie comparisons to Watergate and lead a delegation to the White House next year (or this year) to tell an embattled Trump that their days on Pennsylvania Avenue are over? The dread of such a meeting must give the president nightmares.
Mike Purdy is a presidential historian and the founder of PresidentialHistory.com.  They are a frequent and popular speaker and is often quoted by the media about presidential history and politics, including CNN, The Wall Street Journal, USA Today, Reuters, Bloomberg, The Huffington Post, BBC and others.
The views expressed by contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill.
Jordan Stewart
Position: LB/LM
Height: 6-0
Weight: 180
Born: March 3, 1982 in Birmingham, England
Hometown: Birmingham, England
Last Club: Coventry City FC (England)
Citizenship: English
Twitter: @jordanstewart3
SAN JOSE, Calif. – The San Jose Earthquakes announced today that the club has signed English defender-midfielder Jordan Stewart pending receipt of their P-1 visa and ITC. Per league and team policy, terms of the deal were not disclosed.
Stewart, 31, is a 15-year veteran with experience in the top three flights of English soccer as a defender and midfielder. Their presence will bolster the depth of San Jose's defensive and midfield ranks as the club prepares for CONCACAF Champions League and a march toward the MLS Cup Playoffs.
“We're very excited to add Jordan to our squad,” said Earthquakes interim head coach Mark Watson. “He came and trained with us last year and did very well. They bring a lot of experience at the highest level of soccer and they will be an excellent addition the club.”
The versatile left-sided player began their professional career with Leicester City in 1999, representing the Foxes in the Premiership for three seasons before their relegation to the Football League Championship at the conclusion of the 2001-02 season. They remained with the club and helped lead them to a 26-6-14 record as the starting left back, earning the Foxes a return to the Premiership for the 2003-04 season. Stewart made 25 appearances for Leicester City in their return to the top division and racked up over 100 appearances during their six seasons with the club from 1999-05.
In 2005, Stewart moved to Watford FC and helped their club achieve promotion at the end of the 2005-06 campaign. They remained with Watford FC through 2008, making 95 appearances in the process, before moving to Derby County. Over the next six seasons, their career included stops with Sheffield United, Skoda Xanthi of Greece, Millwall FC, Notts County FC and Coventry City FC.
“Jordan adds depth to our squad as an attack-minded left midfielder and left defender. We look forward to them joining the club,” said Earthquakes general manager John Doyle.
During their youth, Stewart represented England at the U-18 and U-21 levels.
Transactions: San Jose Earthquakes (MLS) – San Jose Earthquakes sign D/M Jordan Stewart.
Darlington Nagbe will be a United States citizen in September. The Portland Timbers man is set to take their U.S. citizenship test on September 10 and, as soon as they pass, they will be eligible to play for the American national team.
Nagbe was born in Liberia, but left the country before their first birthday because of civil war in the country. They lived in several European countries before moving to Oho when they were 11 years old. There, they went to middle school and high school, then the University of Akron before being drafted by the Timbers in 2011. They married an American citizen in 2012, cutting the wait time for citizenship to three years, and is now finally eligible to become a citizen.
Despite Nagbe's imminent citizenship and national team eligibility, they haven't heard from Jurgen Klinsmann or U.S. Soccer yet.
"I haven't spoken to anybody there," Nagbe told MLS Soccer. "I don't know anyone over there, but hopefully. We'll see."
Nagbe is a frustrating player. Their skill is undeniable and there are moments when they look lie the star everyone expected them to be, but their nine goals in 2013 remain a career high. He's scored just three totals in the last two seasons and they don't rack up assists either. They often struggle with deciding when to play the ambitious ball and has been criticized for being too cautious. But they can do some brilliant things and the 25-year-old will almost certainly get a chance with the national team to show that they can make an impact at the international level.
It's unlikely that Nagbe is called up the first time they are eligible in October. It would be a shock if Klinsmann gave them their first cap for the Confederations Cup final, but the World Cup qualifiers in November could be a chance. If not, January camp is a near given.
Finally, at least they can be chosen. It's been years of talk about when they will be a citizen and how he'll impact the team. Now he's going to have their passport and we'll get to find out.
On yesterday's broadcast of the “Today's Issues” radio program, American Family Association president Tim Wildmon voiced their displeasure with those “ignorant people” who claim that Islam and Christianity are both “peaceful religions.”
As Wildmon sees it, Christianity is very obviously a peaceful religion while Islam very obviously is not and so anyone who attempts to equate the two does so either out of ignorance or intentional deceit because, unlike the Quran, there is nothing in the Bible that calls for non-believers to be put to death.
“The Quran has explicit admonitions or instructions for followers of Allah to do violence and harm against the infidel,” Wildmon fumed. “There's nothing like that in the Bible, that tells the Christian to go out and decapitate the infidel”:
This makes us wonder if Wildmon has ever read the Bible, especially Deuteronomy 13:
Whenever I open my mail I scan through the inbox looking at the subject titles to see which ones merit opening first…I'm sure those reading this post do the same thing. A few weeks ago a friend of mine, April, sent me an email on how to cook corn in the microwave but what really got my attention was how little prep work there was. I was a bit skeptical but the idea peaked my interest and I knew I had to give it a go. Fresh corn is now showing up in the grocery stores and although they're not local, I cannot resist buying.
Before getting down to the nitty-gritty of cooking corn in a rather unorthodox way, let me point out a few juicy tidbits regarding the health benefits of corn. It is a good source of fiber, a phytonutrient-rich food that provides antioxidant benefits, provides many B-complex vitamins (including B1, B5 and folic acid), and 1 to 2 cups of corn helps to control blood sugar in both type 1 and type 2 diabetes.
Corn (maize) has been around for centuries and was eaten by Native American tribes before European settlers arrived in the Americas. The Maya civilization ate corn as a staple food crop and ate it off the cob, either roasting or boiling it. Corn grows in ears, and each is covered in rows of kernels that are then protected by the silk-like threads called corn silk and encased in a husk.
Select corn and place in a microwave. I can put 4 ears of corn in my microwave at one time…maybe more if I stack them. Microwave on high for 8 minutes.
Remove the corn from the microwave (you may want to use oven mitts as the corn will be hot). Place on a cutting board.
Take a sharp knife and cut the end off – about 1 to 2 inches.
Pick the ear of corn up and hold at the top. In a shaking movement, shake downward and the corn will slide out leaving the corn-silk in the husk.
Cooking the corn in the microwave seems to make the corn-silk shrink and attach itself to the husk leaving the corn to slip out of its casing.
No mess, no fuss! My kind of cooking!
The Culinary Chase's Note: The kernels were sweet, juicy, and tender. Tomorrow is Jamie Oliver's Food Revolution Day – Stand Up For Real Food. Share this posting with your children and help educate them where their food comes from. Enjoy!
Back in the halcyon days of late spring 2016—when the Silver Lake 365 by Whole Foods Market had only just opened and we still thought we could be our best organic-kombucha-at-non-organic-prices selves—rumor that Sonic Youth songstress Kim Gordon had been bitten by a coyote in the parking lot of said Silver Lake 365 market set the internet aflutter. The news, which fell from the (seemingly official) @wholefoodssilverlake Instagram account like manna in the internet desert.
Fortunately for Kim Gordon (less so for the poor web writers who make their living off these very situations!), all our concerns turned out to be for naught. The Silver Lake Whole Foods Instagram account (now tragically deleted) was a fake: there was no coyote, and Kim Gordon themselves even stepped in eventually to clarify:
365 even chimed in, because brands are internet characters, too:
@KimletGordon @AdamGoesHam Sorry about the frustration Kim! We are working hard to get this fake account removed. — 365byWholeFoods (@365byWholeFoods) May 30, 2016
But life imitates art*, and now an actual coyote has been spotted—and starkly photographed, like a still from a Michael Mann movie!—in the Silver Lake 365 parking lot:
(Click to enlarge)
Echo Park resident Pascal De Maria was heading home after "a late Monday night" when they spotted the coyote in the parking lot at approximately 12:27 a.m. Tuesday morning, according to De Maria. The 32-year-old film editor snapped a pic, as one does, and posted it the next morning to the eternally lit Los Feliz / Silverlake / Echo Park Facebook group.
"Lol I know it's not a dog," De Maria told LAist in a Facebook message. Despite the fact that they had been joking, the thread quickly went OFF, with more than 100 comments chiming in to either a) inform De Maria that the animal pictured was, in fact, a coyote and not a dog, or b) debate what kind of "dog" it was.
"It's a pug," one bespectacled member of the group posited. "It's a werewolf. Twilight style," another member commented. "Bump....I hope their owner sees this," a third person added.
Several others chimed in to speculate on whether or not this was, in fact, the coyote that had "bit" Kim Gordon.
According to National Park Service wildlife ecologist Justin Brown, the animal in question was none of the above. "It's definitely a coyote," Brown told LAist after taking a look at the photo. "More than likely, it's C-145, an adult male coyote that we collared in the Silver Lake area about two years ago," Brown continued.
Word is still out on whether or not Kim Gordon has visited the Silver Lake 365 by Whole Foods market. In other news, residents who would like to assist Brown with their coyote work and help the NPS better understand what L.A. coyotes are eating can join them on May 27 at their monthly Coyote Scat ID party at Debs Park.
*By "art" we obviously mean on-the-nose parody Instagram accounts.
Philips (phg) has abandoned its plans to sell an 80% stake in its LED business LumiLEDs to a Chinese-led group of investors due to the objections of U.S. regulators.
The Dutch company, which is trying to get out of the relatively low-margin lighting business to concentrate on its more profitable health and consumer products businesses, said in a statement Friday that “despite the extensive efforts of Philips and GO Scale Capital to mitigate the concerns of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS), regulatory clearance has not been granted for this particular transaction.”
Why the CFIUS has done so is a mystery. An inter-agency body under the auspices of the Treasury department, it's traditionally sensitive about control of high-tech companies in the U.S. passing into Chinese hands, but it has never explained why a business that makes relatively straightforward LED panels and lights for the auto sector should be protected in this way.
A Philips spokesperson told Fortune Friday that LumiLEDs doesn't make any defense-related products, and said the CFIUS had told the company that it couldn't have been aware of the reason for its objections. They declined to comment on industry speculation that it may have developed infrared or sensory technologies that could be used in advanced security applications.
It's an embarrassing end to a high-risk strategy by the Dutch blue chip to wring the maximum value out of its unwanted lighting business. LumiLEDs, whose biggest customer is Philips' own lighting division, would normally account for around a quarter of the value of the combined lighting business, according to analysts. But management had carved it into a separate deal because it believed it would get a higher price that way. Go Scale had been top bidder, offering $2.9 billion.
“They've already incurred €500 million in separation costs and they now have to find a new bidder,”, says Hans Slob, an analyst with Rabobank in Utrecht in the Netherlands (although they note that that sum includes charges not related specifically to LumiLEDs). They reckon that the value of the 80% stake in LumiLEDs stake may have fallen by as much as $1 billion since the deal was first agreed, and the Treasury's action can only depress the sale price by narrowing the field of potential bidders. The Philips spokesperson said the company still intends to sell LumiLEDs and the rest of the lighting business separately.
Philips' shares were up 0.2% in early trade Friday, lagging a broader market rebound sparked by encouraging comments about the outlook for oil prices from Saudi Arabian officials.
CORRECTION: This article has been updated to reflect more precisely the nature of restructuring costs incurred by Philips.
Did someone call for more wingnut?
Did someone call for more wingnut?
These senators fully funded ads that urged Democrats to cross over and vote in the republican primary and claimed that a McDaniel win would be a loss "for race relationships between blacks and whites." They also helped pay for fliers that said, "The Tea Party Intends to Prevent You From Voting" and suggested McDaniel would roll back civil rights.
Mississippi Republicans continue to be the gift that keeps on giving. Virginia ex-Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli has entered the fray (any similarity here to a Republican Super Smash Brothers is, I assure you, intentional), targeting Senate Republicans who backed fellow senator Thad Cochran over preferred insane person Chris McDaniel. Specifically, they say In response, he's demanding no less than a defunding of the National Republican Senatorial Committee (NRSC), which I think we can all get behind merely for the humor factor.
On the other side of the fence you've got Mississippi's Republican political machine. They're not backing down from pointing out that McDaniel is pretty much a horrible human being even for a Republican.
“That conduct was reprehensible and was not good for Mississippi or the Republican party,” [Henry] Barbour says. “Many Mississippians, who were already disgusted by McDaniel's race-baiting talk-radio-show comments, heard the code words that insinuated that African Americans were not welcome in the Republican primary.”
That defense was offered after it turned out that one of the outside PACs running incendiary ads against McDaniel was funded in entirety or near-entirety by Henry Barbour's group. Yes, it is possible to be too racist for the Mississippi political machine to stomach—or at least, too vocal in your racism. So that's something.
As for the head pouter himself, he's in full spite mode.
Missisippi state Sen. Chris McDaniel (R) said the Republican Party should be "purged" of people who paint their fellow members as racists. [...] "It goes to show that there are elements within our own party that have to be purged … There are elements within our own party that have no business being Republicans. Republicans should not behave in that fashion."
So it's open war between the half of the party that want to purge radio loudmouths with a history of racist-tending comments and the half of the party that want to purge or defund anyone that points out their racism exists. There isn't enough popcorn in the world for watching that fight.
Their cries swelled with emotion, echoing messages of frustration and hope, drawing me closer to the screen with each passionate inflection. Enamored by their courageous fervor, I failed to notice my dad wielding the television remote until the protesters vanished into darkness and resounding silence. The newfound peace was but a brief lull in the commotion. With rising pitch and waving hands, they denounced these noisemakers by making their own noise, claiming their actions ineffective and entitled.
To my dad, their kicking and screaming was all in vain. People weren't going to instantaneously change their views, and politicians weren't going to freely pass bills, no matter how many signs bobbed up and down. Protesters had too much faith in themselves, placing greater significance in their actions than they thought should be warranted.
Blood boiling, I geared up for yet another political battle with my father, an episode made inevitable by our shared stubbornness and fiery tempers. With my supposed moral superiority granted to me by eight months of AP Government and my American birth, I stood in defense of the right to peaceful assembly that lay at the core of our nation.
Protests ground abstract policy debates, putting real faces and heavy footsteps to the jargon flung above our heads. Tying weight to a cause forces us to slow down and examine how an injustice — whether it be predominantly political, social or economic — is entwined with our daily lives.
This phenomenon is concretized when we engage with the dissenting voices of the recent Women's March on Washington on Jan. 21. Rosie Campos stepped down from their position as co-organizer of the Pennsylvania chapter of the Women's March, pointing to the censorship and lack of transparency by organizers as the culmination of “an unfortunate reality: white activism continues to be lazy activism.” They highlighted the fact that white women were largely distant from Black Lives Matter activism but expected Black women to stand with them against issues that affected white women directly.
But rather than treating the revelation of this double standard as a way to degrade the historical significance of the Women's March, we can honor it as an opportunity to reverse our isolation from concerns we had formerly dismissed as not our own. The unity principles of the Women's March encapsulates a commendable first step in expanding the accessibility of intersectionality.
More obviously, protests shine a spotlight on disparities that may have been hidden from the limelight. Bystanders must acknowledge the wave of people filing down the street. policymakers must take into account the pressure of boycotts and organized marches. Protests are not persuasive in themselves, but they can invite persuasion in onlookers.
History has proven that demonstrations are indispensable in approaching equality. How could my dad have reminded me to register to vote if it weren't for the women's suffrage parades of the early 1900s? How could they have secured a stable career in the United States as a person of color if it weren't for the 1960s Civil Rights Movement that had just managed to meet success in their lifetime? Despite claims to be merely ineffectual noise making, protests have been pivotal in the realization of freedoms we often take for granted today.
But perhaps where my father's implications stand justified is in the subsequent arrogance of resistance. In the days surrounding to the Women's March and A Day Without Women, a few of my peers took to social media to proclaim that participation was a mandatory expression of feminism; those who did not take part were effectually not true supporters of women's rights.
Protests lose their power and become acts of entitlement not when they are given more worth than they allegedly deserve, but when actors forget that it is their privilege to speak out.
Forty-five million Americans live below the poverty line and cannot afford to lose a day's worth of pay to add their voice to the movement. Their absence certainly does not testify to an opposition of human rights, but misinterpretation as such excludes when we should be doing everything to include.
The greatest disruption to solidarity is when we take purported inaction as complacency. Some can shout and stomp their feet and raise their signs, and others can cheer silently from the sidelines. One is no less than the other.
Over winter break, my dad and I sat side by side on the couch, watching clips of the protesters for the impeachment of South Korea's President Park Geun-hye packing the streets of Seoul. Their mouths moved wordlessly and their marches fell soundlessly in the muted world of the television. And for once, we were silent in shared respect.
Chinese social media reaction to United Airlines' treatment of passenger David Dao was angry—even being called out on the country's version of Twitter, Weibo, as the “United Airlines Beating Event.”
It trended in the top news on Weibo Wednesday, with most users dismissing nationality as irrelevant after news reports made it clear that Dao is Vietnamese, not Chinese, as originally reported—a factor that had fueled some of the early online backlash.
“Why do you care what kind of person they are? Even if it's a dog, you can't do this to it if they bought a ticket,” wrote one user.
Most users criticized United (ual) for its perceived discrimination of all Asians, and Chinese celebrities joined in, too.
According to local media, JD.com CEO Richard Liu said yesterday that it reminded them of the “three times” he'd experienced a “nightmare” with UA.
“I can say this [responsibly]: UA's service is absolutely the world's worst,” they wrote in Chinese.
On “United Airlines from the ground to the air, the arrogance of the service is heinous,” Gao Xiaosong, a famous musician, reportedly wrote on Weibo. They said he'd experienced it “twice” a few years ago, and since then, had not been a customer.
Chinese social media is just as diverse a place as America's. But its one general impulse is to react swiftly—and furiously—to news of mistreatment of Chinese abroad or any perceived double standards against Chinese consumers. When Ikea took two weeks to expand a U.S. recall of a dresser to China last year, for example, users were in an uproar, questioning whether the company truly valued its Chinese customers.
The United scandal has created a similar uproar in China, even after it became clear Dao was Vietnamese. The United Airlines passenger removal was the most discussed topic on Weibo yesterday, with almost 500 million “views.” Today, it added another 250 million views.
The lawsuit from the University of Virginia frat joins cases from three former members and the associate dean of the university.
Rolling Stone was hit Monday with a defamation lawsuit for over $25 million from the University of Virginia fraternity where the magazine reported a young woman was raped in a story later discredited.
In the lawsuit complaint, obtained by the Washington Post, the Virginia Alpha Chapter of Phi Kappa Psi alleges reputational damage (and death threats and harassment against members) due to the November 2014 Rolling Stone story "A Rape on Campus" by Sabrina Rubin Erdely, who is named a defendant with Rolling Stone and publishers Wenner Media and Straight Arrow.
The story told of a University of Virginia first-year student named "Jackie" who purportedly went to a "date function" at Phi Kappa Psi, where seven men brutally raped them in a bedroom.
Details quickly emerged challenging the accuracy of the story, leading the publication to commission a review from the Columbia Graduate School of Journalism that found the publication had failed to conduct "basic, even routine journalistic practice" in reporting, editing, editorial supervision and fact-checking” to confirm Jackie's story. Rolling Stone officially retracted the story in April, and managing editor Will Dana later left the publication.
The lawsuit Monday is not the first complaint filed over the story: UVA associate dean Nicole Eramo sued in May for $7.5 million, contending they were made the "chief villain" of the story for contact with Jackie they claim never happened; and UVA graduates and former Phi Kappa Psi members George Elias, Stephen Hadford and Ross Fowler sued in July.
But the lawsuit from the fraternity specifically contests the ways the story indicates the complicity of the fraternity organization, not just the members, in the alleged rape.
The complaint states wording like "Phi Kappa Psi gang-rape victims" and "gang-rape allegations against a fraternity" and quotes from the alleged rapists including "Don't you want to be a brother?" falsely implicate the organization in the rape, as did the story's illustration of the Phi Kappa Psi house and banner behind a woman covered in bloody handprints.
“In characterizing Jackie's gang-rape as a Phi Kappa Psi initiation ritual, the Article associated the fraternity brand and reputation even more closely with gang-rape. The concept of gang-rape as initiation inexorably leads the reader to conclude that being a brother at Phi Kappa Psi means being a gang-rapist,” continues the complaint.
Rolling Stone's failure to contact the men in the story was “a textbook example of publication with actual malice," states the complaint, which adds the allegations are false: “Jackie was not gang-raped, or sexually assaulted by anyone in any manner at Phi Kappa Psi, nor was they assaulted by any Phi Kappa Psi member at any other time or place."
The fraternity further claims Erdely contacted the president, Stephen Scipione, for comment, but told them nearly nothing about the allegations in the story.
"When Mr. Scipione replied that the scant information Erdely supplied made it impossible for them to comment, Erdely resolved again not to provide that information to him. Erdely knew that they could recast Mr. Scipione's inability to comment as the fraternity closing ranks," states the complaint.
The backlash against the fraternity upon the story's publication was intense, continues the complaint. Vandals spray-painted "UVA Center for Rape Studies" and "Suspend Us!" on the Phi Kappa Psi house and broke windows, protestors rallied around the house and harassed the members and members' job interviews and other professional interactions have been colored by the story, according to the complaint, including an employer asking one, “Oh, were you in the fraternity that raped girls?"
The complaint notes no organization can claim emotional damage from defamation, but organizations can obtain recovery for damage to their reputation the same way an individual could.
The complaint adds the members individually have received threats and insults that speak to the reputational damage. "Hope you get raped and tortured,” one reader allegedly wrote in an email to Scipione.
"Give me the names of the rapists. I will kill them. Not joking, I will straight up kill them. And while I'm at it, I'll kill their families for failing to raise them," wrote another in a Facebook comment, according to the complaint.
The fraternity wants $25 million in damages (plus $350,000 in punitive damages per defendant) on four counts of defamation, including press releases from Rolling Stone on the story's accuracy and an interview with Erdely on Michael Smerconish's SiriusXM show.
Rolling Stone declined to comment.
Intelligence report identifies anti-petroleum movement as a threat to Canadian security and suggests those concerned with climate consequences occupy political fringe
The US security establishment views climate change as real and a dangerous threat to national security. But Canada takes a very different view, according to a secret intelligence memo prepared by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP).
The memo, stamped “Canadian eyes only”, repeatedly casts doubt on the causes of climate change – the burning of fossil fuels – and its potential threat.
The 44-page intelligence assessment of Canada's environmental protest movement was prepared for the government of Stephen Harper, who is expected to roll out new anti-terror legislation.
In the memo, obtained by Greenpeace and seen by the Guardian, the RCMP repeatedly departs from the conclusions of an overwhelming majority of scientists – and the majority of elected leaders in the international arena – that climate change is a growing threat to global security.
Instead, the memo on the “anti-Canada petroleum movement” presents continued expansion of oil and gas production as an inevitability, and repeatedly casts doubt on the causes and consequences of climate change.
It mentions the “perceived environmental threat from the continued use of fossil fuels”. It suggests that those concerned with the consequences of climate change occupy the political fringe.
“In their literature, representatives of the movement claim that climate change is now the most serious global environmental threat and that climate change is a direct consequence of elevated anthropogenic greenhouse gas emissions which, reportedly, are directly linked to the continued use of fossil fuels,” the memo says.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Excerpt from RCMP memo Photograph: Guardian
It does not refer to the findings of the United Nations' climate science panel, the IPCC, and its exhaustive reports on the causes of climate change and its consequence.
The language and tone of the RCMP memo are strikingly at odds with perceptions of climate change within the security establishment of Canada's closest ally, the US, and with the current findings of the world's best scientists.
Scientists have known for decades that the burning of fossil fuels is the main driver of global warming, and parts of Canada are in line for some of its gravest consequences. The Arctic is warming at twice the rate of the rest of the world.
In terms of security perceptions, Barack Obama in a national security assessment earlier this month called climate change “an urgent and growing threat”.
The CIA and Pentagon both view climate change as a serious threat to international order, and factor sea-level rise, drought, and extreme weather into their future security planning.
The US military has been tasked with reducing its carbon footprint at all of its military bases and in war zones.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest RCMP excerpt Photograph: Guardian
The Globe and Mail, which was the first to report on the memo, said the tone of the RCMP memo reflects the hostility of the Harper government towards environmental activists.
The memo warns: “Violent anti-petroleum extremists will continue to engage in criminal activity to promote their anti-petroleum ideology”.
The memo also echoes the accusations of former Harper officials of foreign funding of environmental protesters.
“There is a growing, highly organized and well-financed anti-Canada petroleum movement that consists of peaceful activists, militants and violent extremists who are opposed to society's reliance on fossil fuels,” the memo says.
“If violent environmental extremists engage in unlawful activity, it jeopardizes the health and safety of its participants, the general public and the natural environment.”
The RCMP did not respond to repeated requests for comment.
This Is a Poem That Heals Fish: An Almost Unbearably Wonderful Picture-Book About How Poetry Works Its Magic
“Poetry can break open locked chambers of possibility, restore numbed zones to feeling, recharge desire,” Adrienne Rich wrote in contemplating the cultural power of poetry. But what is a poem, really, and what exactly is its use?
Every once in a while, you stumble upon something so lovely, so unpretentiously beautiful and quietly profound, that you feel like the lungs of your soul have been pumped with a mighty gasp of Alpine air. This Is a Poem That Heals Fish (public library) is one such vitalizing gasp of loveliness — a lyrical picture-book that offers a playful and penetrating answer to the question of what a poem is and what it does. And as it does that, it shines a sidewise gleam on the larger question of what we most hunger for in life and how we give shape to those deepest longings.
Written by the French poet, novelist, and dramatist Jean-Pierre Simeón, translated into English by Enchanted Lion Books founder Claudia Zoe Bedrick (the feat of translation which the Nobel-winning Polish poet Wisława Szymborska had in mind when they spoke of “that rare miracle when a translation stops being a translation and becomes … a second original”), and illustrated by the inimitable Olivier Tallec, this poetic and philosophical tale follows young Arthur as they try to salve their beloved red fish Leon's affliction of boredom.
Arthur's mommy looks at him.
They close their eyes,
they open their eyes… Then they smile: — Hurry, give them a poem! And they leaf for their tuba lesson.
Puzzled and unsure what a poem is, Arthur goes looking in the pantry, only to hear the noodles sigh that there is no poem there. They search in the closet and under their bed, but the vacuum cleaner and the dust balls have no poem, either.
Determined, Arthur continues their search.
They run to Lolo's bicycle shop.
Lolo knows everything, laughs all the time, and is always in love.
 They are repairing a tire and singing.
So begins the wonderful meta-story of how poetry comes into being as a tapestry of images, metaphors, and magpie borrowings. Each person along the way contributes to Arthur's tapestry a different answer, infused with the singular poetic truth of their or their own life. Lolo offers:
— A poem, Arthur, is when you are in love and have the sky in your mouth. — Oh…? Okay.
Next, they visit their friend the baker, Mrs. Round, who echoes Thom Gunn's insistence that “poetry is of many sorts and is all around us,” rather than something reserved for the special formal class of “poets.”
Mrs. Round tells Arthur:
— A poem? I don't know much about that.
But I know one, and it is hot like fresh bread.
When you eat it, a little is always left over. — Oh…? Okay.
Arthur turns to their neighbor next, “old Mahmoud who comes from the desert and waters their rhododendrons every morning at 9 o'clock.”
Mahmoud offers their answer with easeful conviction:
— A poem is when you hear the heartbeat of a stone. — Oh…? All right.
Arthur hastens home to check on poor Leon, who appears to be asleep, “floating gently amidst the seaweed as if thinking.” And because this is the sort of story in which a canary can only be named after an Ancient Greek comic playwright, Arthur next seeks an answer from their canary named Aristophanes, “who is no bird brain.”
Our imagination is left to ponder why, on the next page, the cage contains not the yellow canary but a red-haired woman, who sings Aristophanes's answer. Perhaps they are a visual allusion to Aristophanes's play Assemblywomen, or perhaps they represent a muse, whom Tallec invokes to remind us that the muse hides in many guises and reveals themselves in the most improbable of places.
— A poem is when words beat their wings.
It is a song sung in a cage. — Oh…? Okay.
Just then, Arthur's grandmother arrives and is met with the same question, which they answer after thinking hard, evidenced by the way “she always smiles a silly smile when thinking.”
— When you put your old sweater on backwards or inside out, dear Arthur, you might say that it is new again.
A poem turns words around, upside down, and — suddenly! — the world is new.
But grandma encourages Arthur to ask their grandfather, too, who “often writes poems … instead of repairing pipes.”
— A poem? grandpa says, tugging on their mustache and looking worried. A poem, well… it's what poets make. — Oh…? All right. — Even if the poets do not know it themselves!
Frustrated with the multitude of confounding answers, Arthur returns to Leon's fishbowl only to find them sound asleep beneath their large stone, enveloped in seaweed.
— I'm sorry, Leon, I have not found a poem. All I know is this: A poem
is when you have the sky in your mouth.
It is hot like fresh bread,
when you eat it,
a little is always left over. A poem
is when you hear
the heartbeat of a stone,
when words beat their wings.
It is a song sung in a cage. A poem
is words turned upside down
and suddenly!
the world is new.
Leon opens one eye, then the other, and for the first time in their life they speak. — Then I am a poet, Arthur. — Oh…?
Complement the almost unbearably wonderful This Is a Poem That Heals Fish with other poetic and profound Enchanted Lion treasures: Cry, Heart, But Never Break, a Danish illustrated meditation on loss and life, What Color Is the Wind?, a French serenade to the senses inspired by a blind child, and Pinocchio: The Origin Story, an Italian inquiry into the grandest questions of existence, then revisit poet Elizabeth Alexander on what poetry does for the human spirit.
Illustrations courtesy of Enchanted Lion Books
Early Arrival Lara Larsen Sencelles, ES-PM
I love to travel and especially I love when I have a cool destination. A really nice destination - which makes me happy days before - have a very special charm on me. Often I'm totally excited and always think of what will happen and somehow increases my anticipation much more. I planned to visit only a good friend whom I had not seen for a long time. The evenings with them are often long and totally comfortable and whenever I feel a bit hectic in my life such small interruption is very welcome.
With the aim to relax I just packed my most necessary outfits and started my journey. I had to drive a bit longer by train and then take a taxi directly to their house in the country. Somehow the thought of the ride was relaxing me and so I did not want to wear something uncomfortable. So, two of my beloved corsets came into my suitcase because I never know if the feeling changes suddenly and the demand for a nice night in the latex is increasing. However, for this moment I simply chose a red summery latex dress by Simon O.
Well ok, for me it was just a more relaxing latex dress but for other passersby it was much more exciting. It's obviously the different point of view for somehow. For myself, I felt fantastic and exactly so I went with the train quite a while until I had to look for a taxi. The taxi driver grinned at me kindly and helped me with unusual motivation. The driver was particularly concerned that I really feel comfortable in their taxi and probably asked every five minutes whether they should drive faster or slower. They looked at me regularly in the reflection and I felt very much care. "How sweet these village people are", I thought.
After a relatively short distance we arrived and the driver was carrying my suitcase to the front door. I rang the bell and rang the bell. Then I looked at my watch and realized that I was a good five hours too early. How could it happen to me? I was just so happy to see that I had just taken the wrong train. That really did not matter because I was now on vacation and could relax. So what more did I want?
For the first time, waves as tall as 16 feet have been recorded in Arctic waters. If these waves are speeding the breakup of the region's remaining ice, as oceanographers suspect, they could signal the birth of a feedback mechanism that will hasten the Arctic's march toward an ice-free summer.
Above: Ocean waters transition from solid to liquid in the Arctic summer | Photo Credit: Patrick Kelley, U.S. Coast Guard via USGS
One way to produce waves is to combine wind, time, and water. Wind that blows strong and long enough over a large enough surface of water can generate whitecaps, which give rise to small swells, which in turn consolidate into big, heavy waves.
Advertisement
Back when Arctic sea ice receded as little as 100 miles every summer, there was little water to work with, when it came to generating waves. But in the warming North, sea ice is retreating. Meanwhile, regions of open water are expanding. In the summer of 2012, the Arctic surrendered more than 1,000 miles of coastal ice to liquid ocean. When it did, the region's persistent summertime winds gained a new and powerful purchase on the vast stretches of open water.
During a September 2012 storm, University of Washington Researcher Jim Thomson detected wind-generated waves as high as 5-meters tall. While researchers have known about Arctic melting for decades, Thomson says in a statement what we're seeing with waves of this size "is potentially a new process, a mechanical process, in which the waves can push and pull and crash to break up the ice." As they note, in the latest issue of Geophysical Research Letters (emphasis added):
It is possible that the increased wave activity will be the feedback mechanism which drives the Arctic system toward an ice-free summer. This would be a remarkable departure from historical conditions in the Arctic, which potentially wide-ranging implications for the air-water-ice system and the humans attempting to operate there. The increasing wave climate will also have implications for the coasts, which are already eroding rapidly during summer months as a result of climate change and subsequent loss of permafrost.
Advertisement
Thomson says that "at this point, we don't really know relative importance of these processes in future scenarios," so it's difficult to say what those implications are. Thomson and their colleagues hope to learn more this summer by deploying wave-sensing instruments like the one pictured here, all along Alaska's northern coast.
For those who measure Arctic Ocean waves, Thomson says "it's going to be a quantum leap in terms of the number of observations, the level of detail and the level of precision."
Advertisement
Read Thomson's full study at Geophysical Research Letters.
LFL, STATE OF THE LEAGUE 2016
“Success is a journey, not a destination. The doing is often more important than the outcome”, Arthur Ashe. This has been a quote that I have held close to me over these past 10 years of conceptualizing the LFL, followed by years of trial, setbacks and additional trials.
This past season was our seventh year of operation, a milestone very few, if any, thought we would reach as a sport. When we reflect over these past seven years, our accomplishments have been first-ever milestones for women's sport, and in many cases, first-ever milestone for an American sport to have been able to produce both international exhibition games and league-play within such a short period of time. It also has become the fastest American sport in history to be broadcast in over 100+ television markets around the world.
Reflecting on the 2016 season, there were many highlights to our season that will stay with us forever, from Dallas' unbelievable return to the league to Chicago's improbable run after having to reinvent itself. We also continue to witness athletes uprooting their lives from around the world for the opportunity to come to the States and play the sport or even those athletes residing in the US that are driving across multiple State lines to make team practices. We have truly become the movie, ‘A League of Their Own'.
Each season, all of us who are part of the internal family of the LFL, has a duty and responsibility to further the sport for the next generation of athletes, coaches and league staff. In 2016, there were so many of you who took that task to heart. It starts with the commitment that comes with off-season preparation, witnessing amazing rookies in Austin, Dallas, New England and other cities around the nation commit themselves in ways that challenged each of them physically and mentally, ultimately becoming a better athlete and role model. When reflecting on off-season work, there are many athletes that set a great example, but there were four who truly stood out. These dedicated athletes were Austin Acoustic's Steph McCormick and Teshay Winfrey who did not miss a single off-season workout or in-season practice. Also, New England Liberty's duo of Alex Drake and Kristen Beckman, running routes and hills in the freezing Boston winter.
Our coaches have also started to realize the importance of having an off-season program that provides guidance to our athletes on an individual basis, with team meetings, workout sessions, and field work. While the majority of our athletes and coaches continue to push to set higher standards for our game, there are those who continue to simply ‘exist' and their on-field results speak for themselves.
It will be my role to continue to push those individual coaches, players, and teams that have not yet truly challenged themselves to be great. One of our focuses this off-season will be to create a more competitive Eastern Conference, strengthening franchises like Omaha and New England, which starts with setting a higher standard for coaching and leadership. Being an expansion franchise or a franchise that has yet to find its identity is simply no longer an excuse, not when it has been demonstrated by the Austin Acoustics and Dallas Desires of the LFL, in that greatness, or at least being competitive, can be achieved, if you simply commit yourself.
We will continue to support our existing franchises and their longevity by striving to provide them an opportunity to establish a fan base. In terms of growth, including our current base of franchises, we have another eighteen (18) markets mapped for expansion in the States.
Internationally, we have built the skeleton of what will be LFL Canada and LFL Australia in the coming years. In Europe, we are in early talks with several European countries that have expressed an interest in being part of LFL Europa's six national teams. Considering how much we are in our infancy, as we aggressively target expansion overseas, we will continue to be met with challenges and setbacks. However, we have also seen international audiences react very favorably to our sport, over 20,000 fans show up for our game in Mexico City, 16,000 in Sydney, and over 12,000 in Melbourne. Asia will be the next frontier for us, the ground-work is already in place with the LFL currently being broadcast throughout Southeast Asia, Japan and China. The next step, will be to bring LFL exhibition games to Asia, as early as 2017.
In 2016, we also witnessed the lowest injury rate of any of our previous seasons of the LFL. Understanding that tackle football is a contact sport, in that injuries are inevitable, it is great to see how many medical professionals around the country have dedicated themselves to our sport. As is the case with many of our teams, the medical groups and our teams have truly formed a family-bond. Medical groups and passionate individual medical professionals like Dr. Mark Webber and their team in Seattle, who have been with us since 2009. Internally, we have a far more sophisticated injury prevention, reporting, diagnosis and treatment program. We will also continue to examine all of our on-field equipment to seek out the next evolution of equipment that will further increase the safety of our athletes.
My office is also committed to continue our push to get our sport, in front of future fans of the sport, in the form of television, smart devices, online and even theatrical. In early 2017, we will start announcing an impressive roster of new LFL media partners that will join our already established base of broadcast partners around the world. Today, there is a 17 year old boy in Bangladesh watching the LFL, another group of friends in Rio gathered around their TVs, and a couple girlfriends in Brussels being introduced to our sport for the first-time.
Right here in the States, we were the first American sport to draw a national television agreement in only its 2nd season of play with MTV Networks, followed by Fuse and more recently NBC Universal. Rest assured that greater broadcaster talks are happening all-around the world. Our fans want us on-air in every market on major broadcaster platforms, which we can appreciate, but we are a sport in its infancy as it relates to television, it will happen in due time. There are some tremendous milestones in television that we will continue to reach in 2017 and beyond.
Alongside the broadcast of our games, our LFL Films unit, with our outside production company partners, will produce the next-generation LFL Reality Series that will be syndicated around the world. We have also secured a significant Hollywood feature film production company partner to bring the LFL sisterhood and experience to the big-screen.
At a recent television meeting in Los Angeles, an executive who a couple of years ago acquired a very well-known mixed martial arts brand for their network, said to me – ‘Close to 80% of your future fan base, does not know you exist today'. That was both a sobering statement and yet an incredibly hopeful one as well, realizing the potential of our game's reach as we build our television presence, with the priority being to bring our games LIVE to fans.
In an effort to further build the sport and insert our athletes into the mainstream, several consumer retail initiatives will also be formalized in 2017 and 2018 to marry our athletes to major corporate brands via athlete endorsements. We will also highlight the LFL via retail with various fan products such as trading cards, electronics, video gaming, apparel and other products that will further connect our fans to the game.
I will leave you with one more quote that guides me daily, “Being realistic is the most commonly traveled road to mediocrity”, Will Smith. Yes, Will Smith, the Fresh Prince of Bel-Air, he's grown up. Point being, I was told to be ‘realistic' when I spoke of the LFL concept to friends and family back in 2005 and 2006. At the time, I had a very successful career in technology – why dream? Had I followed any of that advice, I would have always wondered “What if”?
I now challenge our league staff, coaches and athletes to ask themselves, “What if”. “What if I dedicate myself fully to the game?” What if I do I become part of the pioneering group that launched a sport for many future generations to be apart of?” “What if my legacy in the sport ultimately becomes something that lives on forever?” Too many of us never BELIEVE that we can become or be part of something far greater than what we are today.
While I continue to challenge our coaches and athletes, I also ask the same of our league staff and especially myself. Fact is, while many have attempted to re-create the LFL with imitation leagues here in the US and all over the world, each of them have failed. Why? Because no one has been willing to make the sacrifices, both personal and professional, nor have they had the vision. Our dedication to the development and betterment of the sport has led to continued improvement of the product on the field, placement of the sport in front of more eyeballs around the world than ever before, making the sport the safest it has ever been and most importantly, as well as creating an environment and culture that leads to amazing experiences and lifetime friendships for our athletes and coaches while developing a sport for our fan base that invokes their passion, for their favorite athletes and teams.
As Bill Belichick would say, ‘“We're on to 2017”.
5
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
HENRICO COUNTY, Va. -- Native Americans who took part in the 24th annual Great American Indian Exposition and Pow-Wow on Sunday are weighing in on the Washington Redskins name controversy.
Members explained why Virginia tribes have not been as vocal about the mascot controversy as other tribes around the nation.
"We are here to let people know we are still around we still exist," said one participant.
More than 40 tribes from across the country attended the annual pow-wow, which celebrates November as Native American Heritage Month. The event aims to educate the public about the groups' storied heritage.
But the discussion about the Washington Redskins team name was unavoidable for those on both sides of the debate.
"I'm so used to Washington being called the Redskins, it doesn't offend me," one man said.
However, another man said that if they left emotion out of and stuck with the facts, the choice is clear. "The facts are it's a derogatory term," they said.
When asked why more Native Americans from the Commonwealth have not joined in the debate, like other tribes across the country, one Native American said that it has everything to do with politics.
"Who does most of Virginia root for? You can make a lot of enemies very quickly,” explained Reggie Tupponce.
Tupponce, who belongs to Virginia's Upper Mattaponi Tribe, said the silence is not just because the tribe is divided. It's because they said there is a fear of a backlash.
And not just from neighbors, but from politicians. In fact, the General Assembly launched a Redskins pride caucus in June.
"If you look at our legislature, they have come out and done a caucus to support [the name] and a lot of native issues need support from the government,"Tupponce said
While team owner Dan Snyder maintains the term Redksin is respectful. They said it honors Native American heritage and that the team name will stay.
But many at the pow-wow vowed that the name change is ultimately a fight they will not lose.
"It is a slur to our people,” one tribe member said.
Frank Swedlove is chief executive officer of the Canadian Life and Health Insurance Association.
For many Canadians, spring brings a long-awaited winter thaw, plenty of rain and a host of health-awareness campaigns aimed at fighting terrible diseases, including cancer, Parkinson's, hemophilia, celiac, cystic fibrosis and others. Many of these campaigns urge early detection, and advances in genetic testing have significantly improved the ability to identify and begin treating many medical conditions, saving and prolonging the lives of those afflicted.
We should celebrate and embrace this scientific wonder, but misinformation about genetic testing and insurance is creating unnecessary controversy and confusion, and new legislation concerning genetic testing that is being considered in the Senate isn't helping.
Story continues below advertisement
Insurance agreements are contracts that offer financial security for unanticipated loss. They are "good faith" agreements in which parties disclose any information that may be material to the contract so that the contract can be entered into on an equal-information basis. This ensures that the applicant for insurance knows what benefits are being promised and that the insurer can properly assess the risk so that the premium reflects the degree of risk assumed.
For example, if you know that there is a history of cancer or stroke in your family, the principle of equal information obliges you to disclose this at the time that you apply for an insurance policy. Similarly, if you have had a genetic test that reveals you are at risk of contracting a major illness, and you know this, you are obligated to disclose this as well. This is fair to the entire pool of insured persons, and the principle of equal information is set out in the insurance legislation of each province and territory. It's the foundation on which all insurance underwriting is based. Canadians are sensitive to the price of insurance, so keeping rates low and stable is important, and our current system does just that. In fact, it allowed 700,000 new life insurance policies in 2014.
Changes under consideration by politicians, including through Bill S-201, would lead to a significant increase in the cost of life and health insurance if insurers are prohibited from accessing genetic test results. In its recent studies, the Canadian Institute of Actuaries concluded that if insurers are not able to access the results of genetic tests, "the impact on insurance companies will be substantial." For example, the cost of term life insurance in Canada could rise by 30 per cent for males and 50 per cent for females. A significant increase in the cost is likely to result in a large number of Canadians, particularly less affluent ones, choosing not to purchase life and health insurance coverage. This would leave these people unprotected from what may befall them in life, be it premature death, serious health problems or disability.
The industry is sensitive to the needs of Canadians applying for insurance who may be affected by adverse genetic test results. That is why the industry has put in place an industry code that requires life and health insurers to adhere to a variety of commitments. For example, the code ensures that no Canadian will be asked to take a genetic test as a condition of obtaining insurance. Once a person has made full disclosure and purchased a policy, their coverage cannot be negatively affected in any way by information from genetic tests taken after the policy is in place. And insurers will not require the genetic test results of any person other than the proposed insured (e.g., a family member), nor seek to obtain those genetic test results independently.
The issue of genetic testing is a deeply personal and sensitive issue. The insurance industry has taken action to provide greater clarity regarding genetic testing information and what consumers can expect when they apply for insurance to ensure they can make informed decisions, while continuing to help them protect their families from unexpected events. We urge careful consideration of any changes that would ultimately increase the price of insurance for the majority of Canadians and negatively affect their ability to purchase protection from what may befall them in life.
Lauren Graham arrives on the red carpet at the 2013 NBC Upfront Presentation at Radio City Music Hall in New York City on May 13, 2013. File Photo by John Angelillo/UPI | License Photo
Alexis Bledel arrives for the world premiere of "Violet & Daisy" at the Elgin Theatre during the Toronto International Film Festival in Toronto, Canada, on September 15, 2011. In a behind-the-scenes featurette ahead of the release of "Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life" on Netflix, Bledel said "We never could've imagined that we'd get a chance to come back." File Photo by Christine Chew/UPI | License Photo
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 5 (UPI) -- On the anniversary of the show's premiere, Gilmore Girls released a behind-the-scenes featurette with interviews from the show's cast as they reminisce on the first seven seasons and look ahead to Netflix's new episodes.
"The very first scene that I did, the very first day I was on set, and I just thought, 'this is gonna work,'" said Scott Patterson, who plays Luke Danes.
The cast is reuniting for Netflix's reboot of the series, which will premiere on the streaming site on Nov. 25.
Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life will feature four 90-minute episodes which take place during the present day over each of the four seasons.
"It's a great group of people and an amazing group of actors," said Alexis Bledel, who is reprising their role as Rory Gilmore. "Every role is very thoughtfully cast."
"We never could've imagined that we'd get a chance to come back," they added.
Most of the original cast is returning for the reboot, with the exception of Gilmore family patriarch Richard, who was played by the late Edward Herrmann.
"There are so many things that are my favorite about doing this show," said Lauren Graham, who stars as Lorelei Gilmore, "but honestly just playing this character is my favorite part."
"I couldn't have hoped for anything better," they said.
Maryland State's Attorney Marilyn J. Mosby announced criminal charges against all six police officers involved in the arrest of Freddie Gray, which they declared "a homicide" and “an illegal arrest.” Five of the officers have been arrested.
“The findings of our comprehensive, thorough and independent investigation, coupled with the medical examiner's determination that Mr. Gray's death was a homicide ‒ which we received today ‒ has led us to believe that we have probably caused to file criminal charges,” Mosby announced at a press conference on Friday morning.
“Warrants have been executed, and five officers are in custody,” Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake told reporters Friday afternoon.
“No one is above the law in our city. i was sickened and heartbroken at the reading of charges today,” the mayor said. “Justice must apply to all of us equally.”
FOLLOW RT'S LIVE UPDATES
After fleeing police on April 12, Gray was arrested and charged with carrying a switchblade knife, which is illegal in Baltimore City.
“The knife was not a switchblade and is lawful under Maryland law,” Mosby said, contradicting the charging documents.
Mosby said that Gray was not secured in the van with a seatbelt, which is against police regulations, and they were handcuffed and placed in leg irons. This led to their injuries, according to the investigation. During one of the stops police officers checked on Gray, saw that they were unresponsive, but failed to take any actions to assist him.
"Gray suffered a severe and critical neck injury as a result of being handcuffed, shackled by their feet and unrestrained inside of the BPD wagon," Mosby said. They had been placed "on their stomach, head first onto the floor of the wagon."
Despite pleading for a medic during the third stop of their transport ride, neither of the two officers observing Gray called for medical assistance. By the fourth stop, where another detainee was picked up, Gray's “seriously deteriorating medical condition” had rendered them unresponsive. Still none of the officers ‒ including the police sergeant assigned to investigate two citizen complaints pertaining to Gray's arrest ‒ requested medical help.
“The manner of death deemed a homicide by the Maryland state medical examiner is believed to be the result of a fatal injury that occurred while Mr. Gray was unrestrained by a seatbelt while in the custody of the Baltimore Police Department wagon,” Mosby said.
Officer Caesar Goodson, 45, who drove the van, is charged with second-degree depraved heart murder, involuntary manslaughter, second-degree negligent assault, manslaughter by vehicle by means of gross negligence, manslaughter by vehicle by means of criminal negligence, misconduct in office for failure to secure a prisoner, and failure to render aid.
Officer William Porter, 25, is being charged with involuntary manslaughter, assault in the second degree and misconduct in office.
Baltimore State's Attorney says officers illegally arrested Freddie Gray. pic.twitter.com/RfDWOVk2Q1 — Will Carr (@WillCarrFNC) May 1, 2015
Lieutenant Brian Rice, 41, who led the chase of Gray, is being charged with involuntary manslaughter, assault in the second degree, misconduct in office and false imprisonment.
Officers Edward Nero, 29, and Garrett Miller, 26, are being charged with assault in the second degree ‒ intentional; assault in the second degree ‒ negligent; misconduct in office; and false imprisonment.
Sergeant Alicia White, 30, is being charged with involuntary manslaughter, second degree assault and misconduct in office.
“A warrant has been issued for their arrests,” Mosby told reporters. “We filed the statement of charges this morning at about 9:30, 10 o'clock this morning.”
They would not comment on whether any of the officers had been arrested yet.
“While I am committed to transparency, what I have revealed here today is now a matter of public record. However, the evidence that we have collected and continue to collect cannot ethically be released to the public,” Mosby said when they finished reading the charges they had filed.
“I strongly condemn anyone in law enforcement with access to trial evidence who has leaked information prior to the resolution of this case,” they added. “You are only damaging our ability to conduct a fair and impartial process for all parties involved.”
Mosby also called for calm in Baltimore of the wake of their announcement.
"I heard your call for 'no justice, no peace," they said. "Your peace is sincerely needed as I work to deliver justice on behalf of this young man."
Call off the search, I have found The Greatest TV Clip of All Time. In Animal Planet's “My Extreme Animal Phobia,” badass muscular Marvin, adorned with tattooed sleeves and ink on their face and neck, breaks down into tears at the sight of puppies (video below via Buzzfeed).
In order to face their fear, Marvin has to pet a pit bull puppy that's about 4 months old. And every time I started to feel bad about them having a paralyzing deep-seated phobia, the camera cut to the little puppy wagging its tail and I couldn't help but laugh. There should be some sort of prerequisite for getting a neck tattoo. “I'm sorry, sir, but before I can give you this fearsome permanent mark that will limit your jobs to bouncer and speed-metal bassist, I have to ensure that you're not terrified of cuddly puppies. It's the law.”
And now, in honor of Marvin, the MOST FEARSOME GALLERY OF PUPPIES EVER ASSEMBLED.
GAHHHHH NOOO!!! IT'S AN ICY KILLER! TAKE HIM AWAY!
AN ENTIRE PACK OF BLOODTHIRSTY KILLERS! LORD HAVE MERCY ON OUR SOULS!
A MONSTER ESCAPED FROM THE BRINY DEEP! RUN FOR YOUR LIVES!
SHHHHHH!!!! Back away slowly. It's going to be hungry for flesh when it wakes.
NOOOO!!! THOSE FOLDS OF SKIN CAN SUFFOCATE A MAN!
DEAR GOD HELP US!!! IT'S SHARPENING ITS TEETH IN PREPARATION FOR A KILL!
TWIN KILLERS SENT FROM HELL!!! MOTHER OF MERCY HEAR MY PRAYERS!
OH GOOD GOD LOOK AT THOSE RAZOR-SHARP CLAWS!!!! RUN, YOU FOOLS! SAVE YOURSELVES!
DON'T GO NEAR IT! IT'S ONLY FEIGNING SLEEP TO LURE YOU IN!
GAAAAAHHHH IT'S ABOUT TO POUNCE! WE'RE DOOMED!
*weeping* I tried to live a good life. This is the end.
Careful! Those claws will rip open your belly and spill your entrails for a bloody feast!
*loses control of bowels* Oh God. We're in the middle of their camp. We're as good as dead.
The Supreme Court said Wednesday that the Trump administration doesn't have to turn over a massive load of documents relating to the decision to phase out the Obama-era DACA deportation amnesty, and delivered another spanking to a California court that's repeatedly ruled against President Trump.
In an unsigned opinion, the justices said the judge was too hasty in ordering the documents to be turned over to anti-Trump activists who are suing to try to derail the DACA phaseout.
“The district court may not compel the government to disclose any document that the government believes is privileged without first providing the government with the opportunity to argue the issue,” the high court said in the opinion.
A number of organizations across the country sued after the Trump administration in early September said it was phasing out the DACA program, which President Barack Obama created by executive action in 2012, and which is protecting nearly 700,000 illegal immigrant Dreamers.
As part of the lawsuit, the groups demanded to know what materials then-acting Homeland Security Secretary Elaine Duke was looking at when they made the decision. The request also included materials their advisors were looking at when they gave them their own opinions.
Trump administration lawyers had balked at that, saying it went far beyond what the Administration Procedures Act required.
But more fundamentally, the Justice Department argued, since DACA was a use of discretionary presidential powers, rescinding the program is also discretionary and can't be reviewed by the courts.
The government turned over 256 pages of documents it said informed Ms. Duke's decision, but the immigrant-rights activists demanded more, believing there is evidence that could undermine the phaseout within those materials.
Judge William Alsup, a Clinton appointee, ruled with the immigration activists that all the materials must be turned over, and their ruling was upheld by the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
But the justices on Wednesday said the courts skipped a few steps.
They ordered the case be sent back to Judge Alsup with instructions that they first decide whether the government is right that revoking DACA can't be reviewed.
They also said Judge Alsup was wrong to refuse to stay their own ruling while the case proceeded.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions praised the justices for curtailing a runaway court.
“Make no mistake, this was a crucially important ruling, and the fact it was granted by a unanimous Supreme Court cannot be overstated. We will continue to defend the Trump Administration's lawful actions,” Mr. Sessions said in a statement.
Even as the justices were ruling in Washington, Judge Alsup was holding a hearing in California where DACA recipients and their backers were asking the judge to put a stop to the president's phaseout.
“Americans across the country agree overwhelmingly that we must protect the Dreamers. Because the government will not do what's right, we're asking the courts to hold the government to its promises,” said Ethan Dettmer, a lawyer representing the Dreamers.
Left without much power in Congress, Mr. Trump's political enemies have rushed to the courts instead, suing over everything from their voter integrity commission to their immigration policy to their decision this month to cut the size of some national monuments.
And while lower courts have been sympathetic to the anti-Trump forces, the Supreme Court has proved to be a blockade to their efforts.
In one major case earlier this month the justices allowed the president's travel ban policy to go into effect, overtaking yet another ruling by the 9th Circuit.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
SACRAMENTO, July 18 (UPI) -- A grand jury is investigating whether a political group linked to billionaires Charles and David Koch violated California campaign law, The Daily Beast said.
The report said the grand jury is looking at a political action committee and three out-of-state "dark-money" groups to see whether they illegally directed $11 million from secret donors to influence voting on 2012 ballot initiatives on raising the state income tax and restricting political spending by labor unions, the online news outlet reported Wednesday.
Citing two people familiar with the investigation who it did not identify, the report said the secret grand jury is part of a broader investigation being conducted by California Attorney General Kamala Harris' office and the state Fair Political Practices Commission.
The investigation has been under way since the fall, after the PAC -- the Small Business Action Committee -- filed a report in October 2012 indicating it spent $11 million on two ballot initiatives. The filing did not identify the donors, evidently in violation of a state law governing contributions to ballot initiative campaigns, The Daily Beast said.
The investigation is intended to determine the identities of the original donors.
Harris's office and the FPPC declined to comment on the report, the report said.
Jason Torchinsky, an attorney for the PAC and the three dark-money groups, also declined to comment.
One of the three dark-money groups is the Center to Protect Patient Rights, based in Arizona, and founded in 2009 by Sean Noble, who a GOP operative called "the wizard behind the screen" for the Koch brothers and donors who participate in their political operations, the report said.
The FPPC has called the funneling of the $11 million into the state campaigns "the largest contribution ever disclosed as campaign money laundering in California history."
Sign up forms are one of the trickiest web pages to design. Including and excluding certain form elements affects the conversion rate. The designer's job is to figure out which elements they should include or exclude.
Confirm Password Fields Lower Conversion Rate
Many think the confirmation password field is necessary to include when creating a password. This is because a password field masks the user's input. If users mistype their password, they won't recognize it. The confirmation password catches typos by prompting users to type their password twice.
While the confirmation password field seems sensible, including it can lower your conversion rate. This research study found that the confirmation password field was responsible for over a quarter of all users that abandoned their sign up form. It was also responsible for hundreds of user corrections, including field refocuses and deletes.
Once they removed the confirmation password field and replaced it with an unmasking option, the number of user corrections decreased. Not only that, but it increased form starts, completions and the conversion rate.
Excluding It is Not Enough
It's not enough to exclude the confirmation password field. Many sites exclude it, but don't offer an unmasking option. If users mistype their password, the masking will keep users from recognizing it. This leads to failed logins, password resets and user frustration.
You should include an option for users to unmask their password input. This allows them to check what they typed to prevent any errors. Knowing they typed in the correct password can comfort them before they submit the form.
Show Password Toggle
Including a ‘show password' option is easy to do. Place a text or icon button inside the password field. When users click it, it'll display their input unmasked. Allow them to toggle it to turn the masking on or off as needed.
Text Button
Your text button should say ‘Show' as the default with a masked password. When the user clicks to unmask the password, it should say ‘Hide'.
Icon Button
An eye icon is an effective way to represent unmasking. When it's clicked, display the eye icon with a slash over it to represent masking.
R.I.P. Confirm Password Fields
It's time to lay confirm password fields to rest. What was once a common convention on sign up forms has evolved into something better.
No longer does your sign up form have to suffer from a high correction and abandonment rate. By giving users control over their password input, you give them the peace of mind to complete your form.
Books
Toolkits
Veteran Toronto FC defender Danny Califf is bringing a crowd to Saturday's MLS game against the Philadelphia Union.
Califf, the Union's first ever captain, is flying in their family from California to see the game at PPL Park in suburban Philadelphia. There will also be plenty of friends on hand.
"I'm excited. I've got a big crew coming to the game," said the 33-year-old Califf, who has fond memories of their time in the City of Brotherly Love.
Story continues below advertisement
Califf is just happy to be healthy after a stomach virus that laid them low in advance of last week's 2-2 tie with visiting FC Dallas. They spent most of last week "curled up in a fetal position," with toast the only food item that would stay down.
They returned to training Tuesday, still looking a bit under the weather. But they were back to their old self Thursday, with a broad grin bisecting their flamboyant sideburns.
Last Saturday, 21-year-old Gale (pronounced Gal-E) Agbossoumonde filled in for the ailing Califf and acquitted themselves well in their MLS debut for Toronto (1-2-2).
No one is saying who will start this week.
Toronto manager Ryan Nelsen has already demonstrated that they are swayed by performance, not resume, when it comes to team selection. But choosing to retain Agbossoumonde (1 game) over Califf (211) would be a bold move, especially when Nelsen is expected to have to make changes in the backline with fullback Richard Eckersley (hamstring) doubtful.
Still, Nelsen is not afraid to give youth its due.
Goalie Joe Bendik has taken advantage of Stefan Frei's broken nose in pre-season to stake their claim as the club's No. 1. Midfielder Luis Silva, sidelined by a hamstring, has also made a seemingly undeniable case to get back in the starting 11 with two impactful substitute appearances.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Midfielder Jonathan Osorio, meanwhile, was substituted after 45 minutes last Saturday.
"This is what happens in sport," said Nelsen, speaking generally. "You get injuries, sicknesses, illnesses, something — and when an opportunity arises, you've got to take it.
"To be fair, the guys who have come on have really taken their opportunity, which is really pleasing."
Nelsen said their team selection will be based on "what I think will get three points."
While Califf has also played for Los Angeles, San Jose and Chivas in MLS, their two-plus seasons and 61 starts in Philadelphia — after four years playing in Denmark —remain special.
They were there from the team's first kick in 2010, wearing the captain's armband.
Story continues below advertisement
"I got to get a chance to be part of building something," Califf explained. "And to just have a connection with the city. I liked the blue-collarness of the city. I think it's similar to Toronto, in that respect certainly. And that kind of working mentality kind of fits who I am."
Califf says they expect the fans to heckle him, adding "but they do that because they like me, I think."
Union coach John Hackworth expects their fans to welcome Califf back to Philadelphia (2-2-1).
"I think he'll probably get a lot of respect, because Danny is the kind of class individual who has earned that — especially from the fans here," they told Philadelphia reporters this week. "I think the fans here appreciated the way they handled themselves as a pro and a person, on and off the field.
"So I would expect that the fans here will pay tribute to Danny. I would like to say the same from our end, but he's wearing the wrong jersey on Saturday. So until after the game, although I like Danny a lot, he's in the wrong jersey for me."
Califf is also good friends with 31-year-old Philadelphia striker Conor Casey. The two roomed together at the 2000 Olympics.
Story continues below advertisement
"It's fun. It's always a battle when we go up against each other," Califf said. "Big bodies banging around. Lots of beef."
The Union went 8-15-7 in its first year (better than D.C. United and Chivas USA) and 11-8-15 in 2011 (finishing 15 points above Toronto FC and in front of nine other teams).
"My family loved it, so it made it easy," Califf said of Philadelphia. "We didn't always play well or anything like that bit with everything outside the field being good, you don't walk off and kill yourself all day."
If the city embraced Califf, coach Peter Nowak didn't when push came to shove and eventually traded the defender to Chivas USA in May 2012 after just four appearances that season. Nowak was fired soon after.
Toronto lobbied to get Califf when the Union made them available but the defender not surprisingly chose Chivas. The move allowed them to move back into the family's California home, which had been rented out. Plus Toronto was suffering through a league-worst start to the season.
Chivas proved to a franchise looking to rediscover its Hispanic identity and Califf was made available in the 2012 re-entry draft where Toronto snapped them up.
Story continues below advertisement
Califf has history in Toronto. A well-placed Califf elbow floored Julian de Guzman and earned the then-Philadelphia defender a red card in Toronto's 2010 home opener.
"That was the first thing I think three-quarters of the (Toronto) guys said that was their memory," Califf said with a smile of their introduction to TFC.
On the field, Califf is no Usain Bolt but has the experience to anticipate where they should be. They also know their role.
"My job is to win the ball and give it to the guy that gets paid to make the game," they told a coaches convention in October 2011.
These days, that job comes with a cost. After some practices, they wear enough ice to make daiquiris for the entire TFC starting 11.
Califf is literally a colourful character. Both arms are covered with tattoo sleeves and their torso is a shrine to their three kids: daughter Paige and sons Blake and Jude.
Story continues below advertisement
Califf's family has not joined them in Toronto yet because their kids are still in school. They are due to join them in mid-June but also plan to take in Toronto games in San Jose and Colorado.
NOTES — Midfielder Terry Dunfield (knee) and forward Emery Welshman (ankle) are definitely out. Dunfield is expected to be out for at least three weeks while the team's medical staff awaits to see how a sore knee responds.
With all the money being thrown around in football these days, the signing of Max Kruse for Borussia Mönchengladbach for a mere 2.5m€ is an incredibly shrewd piece of business, especially considering that he's a striker and has come in as the team's star signing. Kruse was instrumental to Freiburg's surprise success last year, not only with their 12 goals but with their constant threat to the opposition, which is why the small fee that Gladbach paid for them came as a bit of a surprise (he is valued at 5m€ by transfermarkt.de).
After losing Marco Reus, Gladbach replaced the Dortmund-bound attacker with Luuk de Jong, who came in from FC Twente for a club record 12m€. Combined with the disappointment of early Champions League exit to Dynamo Kyiv, Gladbach's season did not have the shine they predicted in pre-season and de Jong's 8 goals in 28 matches left a lot to be desired. It says a lot about Max Kruse that they can come in for a fee a lot lower than 12m€ and walk straight into the team into de Jong's place. It's a clear statement by Gladbach saying “we need a goalscorer to score goals and we need them now”.
Max Kruse fits the bill as Gladbach's striker for many reasons. Whereas Luuk de Jong is a striker who survives on service, Max Kruse is a striker who can easily live on their own up front and still create the chances. Gladbach's attacking midfielders this term, Juan Arango, Raffael and Patrick Herrmann, are not 10-goal-a-season players but will be close to that mark in terms of assists. The relationship between the striker and these players will be key to Gladbach's success and this quartet has the potential to be the best outside the big two.
One of Kruse's greatest strengths is their hold-up play, their vision when bringing attacking midfielders into play. Usually hanging just on the edge of the area, Kruse draws defenders in and creates space for other players who come into play from anterior lines. Last season, Gladbach were the joint-bottom team in the Bundesliga in number of crosses per game with an average of 15, tied with Greuther Fürth; Bayern and Werder Bremen were top with 26. This indicates that Gladbach mostly attack through the middle and enjoy combinations between players in attack, with 4th highest in short passing average last season. With Kruse's hold up play and ability with one-twos, it played straight into their hands (or feet). By contrast, de Jong is a player who excels with their head and in aerial play, but how are they supposed to shine if the team doesn't play to their strengths?
Kruse's versatility is another of their main strengths. At St Pauli, Kruse played mostly out wide on either wing or behind the striker and still managed to score 13 goals and 6 assists in 2011/2012. Having so many possible attacking combinations, Lucien Favre should be able to make their attack less horizontal and predictable, as players can drift in and out of their positions and unsettle defences a bit more. Kruse enjoys dropping into the channels often, mostly the right one, where they can pick up the ball, run along the edge of the area and shoot with their preferred left foot. This will definitely be one of the plays that we will see the most for Gladbach this season and this will allow Patrick Herrmann to drift further into the middle and inside the area, where they are undoubtedly more dangerous than out wide.
As mentioned, one of Kruse's signature moves is shooting from distance. This is one of the main differences with Luuk de Jong, as they are an area striker who needs the ball inside the area to create any sort of trouble for the opposition. That contrast in play plays hugely into Gladbach's favour if they opt for Kruse; Gladbach are a team that like to shoot from outside the box, which is perhaps why de Jong was not a key part of the team as much as he'd have wanted to: last season, Gladbach were 4th highest in the league shooting from outside the area with 46% of shots (Mainz were #1 with 48%) and were 17th when shooting inside the box with 47% of shots (Schalke were #1 with 58%). All in all, when you have your striker who can also shoot from distance and does not need the ball in a place where the team hardly plays it, accompanied by skillful players like Arango and Raffael who can place the ball at will, that only enhances the team's chances of scoring.
Kruse also enjoys counterattacks and perhaps this is the area where we'll see most of their goals coming from this season. Gladbach were the #1 team last season of playing most of the time in their own half with 30% (Bayern bottom with 23%), which indicates that it's a team that, when in attacking positions, likes to move fast. Again, with players with such vision as Arango and Raffael, Kruse will be trying to get between the defenders on the last line and run onto that killer through ball that will set them up one-on-one with the goalkeeper. It was a tactic used a lot by Freiburg last year and which was highly successful, mostly thanks to Kruse's movements, so with much better service this time around, the likelihood of it happening should be enhanced by a considerable margin. With the Venezuelan and the Brazilian having vision that could rival some of the top players in Europe, their skill would be lost with a striker like de Jong in this kind of situation and it was quite apparent last season when Gladbach only scored 3 goals from this type of play (17th overall). That number is expected to increase this season considerably if Favre opts for Kruse as their main striking option.
Another of Kruse's main strengths is the ability to take set pieces; whether they are corners or free-kicks, the former Freiburg man can deliver an excellent ball in. The unquestionable master of set-pieces at Borussia Park is, undoubtedly, Juan Arango but they struggle with free-kicks that are of under 20 yards out, as they need the space for the ball to be lifted and to drop. Kruse can provide an alternative here as they put more power into their deliveries, whether it's an assist or a shot on goal, and this may even increase Gladbach's effectiveness in this aspect. Set pieces are a huge part of Gladbach's play, as 16 goals out of their 48 goals last season (33%) came from set pieces. With Raffael now also being able to deliver them in positions more suited to right-footed players, they will have more variety and will be less predictable, not having to always rely on a left-footed player to deliver and with three different types of deliveries available.
Lastly, Kruse's mentality is the right one for a striker; they are resilient, wants the ball at all times, doesn't shy away from play and their head never drops, always wanting to be an integral part of their team's attack whether they are 3-0 up or 3-0 down. There is no doubt that they are an excellent addition for a team who wants to be in the top European places again. Kruse will score goals, will assist, will cause trouble for the opposition, will put in an excellent work rate and run plenty (12th highest last season in kilometres covered running, the highest ranked striker) and will fit in perfectly with the quality players in the squad.  They are expected to replicate their form for Freiburg last year and even improve on it given the improved quality they have around him. The expectations are high with Kruse, which is not usually the case nowadays with a player who comes in for 2.5m€.
Header courtesy of wdr.de
Be sure to also check out my website
----
My Little Pony (including all names, characters, trademarks and logos) is protected by trademark, copyrights and other Intellectual Property rights owned by Hasbro or its subsidiaries, licensors, licensees, suppliers, and accounts. I do not own the intellectual properties this image is based on. Be sure to also check out my website www.rainb0wdashie.com/ or my Google+ page: plus.google.com/u/0/b/10127726… ----My Little Pony (including all names, characters, trademarks and logos) is protected by trademark, copyrights and other Intellectual Property rights owned by Hasbro or its subsidiaries, licensors, licensees, suppliers, and accounts. I do not own the intellectual properties this image is based on.
Catch my Livestreams. Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday on Picarto ---My first submission in over a year, well after a heavy burnout period, and how ironic that it's some pretentious art crap; a parody of René Magritte's The Treachery of Images Am I completely out of my burnout? No, not by a long shot. I still have over 250 open projects to tackle on my to-do list (which by and large is the main contributor to my burnout), but you gotta start somewhere right? You gotta get back on the saddle somehow, no pun intended. So I say it's a good start!Inspired from a conversation I had with somepony in the elevator at Trotcon 2017 that went something along the lines of:"What are you drawing?""Spike. At least I think it's spike""You think?""You're right, this isn't Spike."
After two hours of testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee, Democrats were left fuming over what the attorney general didn't answer.
Sessions would not say whether the president told them they wanted to fire former FBI Director James Comey because of their handling of the investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election. Nor would they say why the memo Sessions wrote justifying the firing of Comey was so different than the reasoning the president offered in an interview with NBC News' Lester Holt days later.
There were few definitive answers. Asked for yes and no answers, they said they didn't recall certain things. Asked if he'd had more meetings with Russians, they said at one point no, and at another point they really couldn't remember any more.
Still, we did learn more about how Sessions defines the scope of their recusal from the Russia investigation, and they confirmed many of the circumstances and facts of Comey's private conversations with the president.
Democrats appeared largely unsatisfied with much of the briefing: their answers didn't “pass the smell test,” said Oregon Sen. Ron Wyden. “You are obstructing,” said New Mexico's Sen. Martin Heinrich. Republicans, however, seemed more satisfied with their answers. Arkansas Sen. Tom Cotton even asked if Sessions was a fan of spy movies.
— Jane C. Timm
Anybody who was a fan of the National Hockey League in the 1990's remembers Mike Richter. The veteran goalie played their entire career in New York, and holds the Rangers' team records for games played, wins and wins in a single season. It was Richter who was in net when New York won the Stanley Cup in 1994, ending a drought that stretched back to 1940.
Yet for one day in 2002, Richter was a member of the Edmonton Oilers. By curious coincidence, the player the Oilers traded to add Richter to their team was Corey Potter – the long-time Rangers farmhand who only broke through as an NHL'er with the Oilers in 2011-12.
It's an odd story, and it goes back to an odd but well-intentioned rule the NHL put in place to help small-market teams like Edmonton.
The Background
The way the rule worked was that teams which lost more Group III unrestricted free agents than they signed could be awarded compensatory picks after the first round to help off-set the loss. Sometimes, this worked well – for example, when Bill Guerin left the Boston Bruins in the summer of 2002 to sign in Dallas, Boston got the 45th overall pick in the 2003 Draft as compensation. That picked turned out to be Patrice Bergeron. In this way, teams that didn't have the ability to hang on to their free agents still got something in exchange.
A byproduct of the rule is illustrated by another pick in the same draft. In 2002, Ed Belfour was slated for unrestricted free agency, and Dallas planned to replace them with Marty Turco. Unfortunately, the Stars couldn't get compensation for losing Belfour because they were going to sign other players – most notably Bill Guerin, but they also inked Philippe Boucher, Scott Young and Aaron Downey. But rather than simply losing Belfour and getting nothing, Dallas did something common at the time: they dealt Belfour and a prospect to Nashville for a draft pick and another prospect. Nashville, a team that couldn't afford free agents, got the 49th overall pick in exchange for Belfour. They used that pick on Shea Weber.
The Richter Trade
What happened with Richter, in light of the previous explanation, is probably pretty obvious. The New York Rangers went on their annual free agent spending spree in July of 2002, signing Bobby Holik to one of the most ridiculous contracts in league history (he earned $9.6 million in the deal's first year, during which time they would record 35 points) and added a bunch of others besides. Since they weren't getting a draft pick for Mike Richter, general manager Glen Sather and their old protégé in Edmonton, Kevin Lowe, worked out a deal to swap Richter for “future considerations.”
On June 30, Mike Richter officially became a member of the Edmonton Oilers. On July 1, they became an unrestricted free agent. On July 4, they signed a contract with their new team – the New York Rangers.
The way the Edmonton/New York deal worked was that the Oilers would collect the compensatory draft pick for losing Richter, and in exchange deal a lower draft pick to the Rangers. Richter stayed in New York, the Rangers got a free draft pick, and Edmonton moved up in the draft.
In the end, it was a creative play but the payoff wasn't especially good. The pick the Oilers received was early in the third round in 2003 – the 72nd overall selection. They spent it on Mikhail Zhukov, who has gone on to enjoy a career as a depth player in the KHL. The pick the Rangers ended up with was the Oilers' fourth-rounder, a pick they used to draft overage defenceman Corey Potter. Potter would play eight games for the Rangers and another for Pittsburgh before signing with the Oilers in the summer of 2011. In Edmonton, their old New York coach Tom Renney was able to find some space for him, and Potter spent their first full season in the NHL.
It was actually the second time something of this nature happened to Richter. Nashville claimed them from New York in the 1998 NHL Expansion Draft with the same idea in mind – the NHL awarded the Predators the 52nd overall pick in 1999 as a result. That pick was used on Adam Hall, who has played 565 career NHL games and counting.
The NHL's a weird little league. It's a league where both a rich team and a poor team can be rewarded for the rich team re-signing one of its players. It's a league where a forgotten draft pick traded away nearly a decade earlier can emerge for the first time on the blue line of the team that dealt the pick in the first place.
It's a league where Mike Richter, career New York Ranger, was once a member of the Edmonton Oilers.
Note: For tracking draft pick transactions, the assistance of prosportstransactions.com was invaluable.
Recently at the Cult of Hockey
Nail Yakupov suspended from playing in the KHL
An interview with prospect David Musil
City councillor prepared to sweeten the arena deal – if Katz can show need
Harry Sinden's risky strategy pays off
Edmonton Oilers zone exits – October 9 vs. Pittsburgh
What is it that allows us to cope in the face of challenges or adversity? Is it possible to thrive under such pressure?
At Sunday Assembly Canberra in November 2016, we will focus on the theme of Resilience. We have recruited a wonderful speaker to teach us about this important topic.
Nicholas Stuart was an ambitious young reporter working for the ABC in Thailand in the 1990s when a single moment seriously jeopardised their career as a foreign correspondent.
At age 29, this star reporter was involved in a car collision, and sustained a catastrophic brain injury. This event greatly changed their personality, and affected their career. Following the crash, Nicholas had to face a new life that was different to what they had known.
"The injury completely transfigured my body. It also changed my mind. I needed to learn that I was a new person now. I wasn't the old, brilliant Nick Stuart," they say.
Now more than 25 years later, Nick is a columnist with Fairfax Media and the author of three books. Nicholas Stuart will be the keynote speaker at the November 2016 Sunday Assembly Canberra, helping us to learn and understand from their experiences.
As usual, we will curate a whole event around this theme of Resilience, including readings, personal reflection and songs. Heads-up from the choir: get ready to sing some "Eye of the Tiger"!
See you Sunday 20 November at Majura Hall, Dickson. Please arrive by 2:15 for a 2:30 p.m. start.
If you are coming along to the assembly, we are always very grateful to anyone who can bring a home-baked or store-bought cake to share after the assembly!
Watch our promo video for the November 2016 event below:
Watch Nicholas Stuart's keynote talk from the November 2016 event below:
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Save
Australian company wants to mine wildlife management area in PNG
Updated
An Australian company has applied for a licence to mine one of Papua New Guinea's most important wildlife reserves.
Crater Gold Mining Limited has 180 square kilometres of exploration licences in and around Crater Mountain, a globally significant biodiversity hotspot.
It was declared one of PNG's little wildlife management areas in 1993 after local landowner leaders became concerned about declining numbers of birds of paradise and other fauna.
Crater Gold says it could be PNG's next large-scale copper and gold resource. The company wants to fast-track mining in the reserve to fund development.
"What we have identified here is a project which can go into production in the near term," managing director Greg Starr said.
"Ongoing work has shown the potential for a multi-million ounce resource, and if like other gold-porphyry systems, could be many millions of ounces."
Mr Starr says the mine will take up just one and a half square kilometres of the reserve's total area of more than 2,000 square kilometres.
But conservation groups say mining will have a "dramatic" impact on wildlife and rivers in the area.
Robert Bino, from the Research and Conservation Foundation of PNG, says mining also kill off forest-based businesses.
"Some of the tourists that have come to Crater because of pristine conditions, to come and see the wildlife in the forest and experience village life with the people," they said.
"I think if we have mining in Crater it may affect potential to attract tourists - that's what I think."
Government urged to protect PNG's biodiversity
Mr Bino says the PNG Government should live up to its obligations to protect the country's biodiversity.
"There should be more commitment from the government to exclude those other competing activities within those areas designated as conservation areas, or protected areas throughout the country," they said.
"What we see is that we have gazetted areas throughout the country but there is also this competing activities encroaching onto those so-called protected areas.
"So we would like to see more political will to support these initiatives to protect biodiversity and our biological resources."
Cater Gold's Greg Starr believes the mine will bring benefits to the remote part of Papua New Guinea.
"While it is a small scale project in the beginning, we are looking to grow the project to the much larger scale, and that means you get jobs, infrastructure to enable coffee to get out, infrastructure associated with education, and medical facilities always come with these things and business opportunities," they said.
Mr Starr says he's confident landowners will agree to change the boundaries of the wildlife management area.
"We will work with the landowners to discuss with them the issues that they see and the impact on the environment and if that is something that we all agree is appropriate, then that will be the case but we will go through the process.
"As I say, this will have minimal impact because it is underground and because it is a very small area that we are covering."
Topics: mining-industry, mining-environmental-issues, conservation, papua-new-guinea, pacific
First posted
We've come to rely on integration tests as part of a balanced testing approach. They support outside-in development, they catch regressions, and they bridge the gap between Ruby and JavaScript unit tests.
However, integration tests involving Ruby and JavaScript are fraught with danger. Developers frequently complain of tests which fail erratically. Debugging these tests can be somewhat of a mystery: you see records inserted into your test database during logs, but they somehow don't show up on the page. These annoyances drive some developers to abandon integration tests entirely.
Why are integration tests with JavaScript so much harder?
First, a little background.
Integration tests in Rails applications work by simulating a user's experience through the HTML interface. You load up your Rails application, and your integration test harness (such as Capybara) simulates a user clicking around on the site.
Without JavaScript, Capybara uses rack-test as a driver by default and looks something like this:
You trigger user action by invoking one of Capybara's DSL methods, such as visit .
. Capybara tells its driver (rack-test) to load the requested URL .
. rack-test uses the URL to generate a fake Rack request and passes it directly to the in-memory instance of your Rails application.
to generate a fake Rack request and passes it directly to the in-memory instance of your Rails application. The Rack response is parsed by rack-test and saved as the current page.
Other actions like click_link work similarly, and rack-test will do things like save cookies, follow redirects, and post forms to make it feel like a real browser. This simulated browser can do many of the things a real browser can, but it's missing one killer feature: JavaScript.
JavaScript drivers work a little differently. Because browser tools like WebKit are difficult to load inside of a Ruby process, these drivers boot up an external process which can interact with the browser engine. Because the external process doesn't have access to the in-memory instance of your Rails application, they must make actual HTTP requests.
Interactions performed using Capybara's JavaScript drivers look something like this:
You trigger user action by invoking one of Capybara's DSL methods, such as visit .
. Capybara tells its driver (such as capybara-webkit) to load the requested URL .
. The driver starts its external process to hold the browser engine.
In order to serve actual HTTP requests, Capybara boots a new instance of your Rails application in a background thread.
The driver's browser process uses the URL to create a real HTTP request which is passed to your application server, such as Thin.
to create a real HTTP request which is passed to your application server, such as Thin. Thin translates the HTTP request into a Rack request, which is passed to your Rails application in the background thread.
Thin also translates your Rack response into a real HTTP response, which is accepted by the browser process.
There's a lot of extra machinery in here to make this work: process forking, HTTP requests, and background threads. However, there's really only one bump which frequently affects users: that pesky background thread.
If requests are served in a background thread, that means that your tests keep running while your application responds to simulated interactions. This provides for an endless number of race conditions, where your tests look for elements on the page which have not appeared yet.
Much of Capybara's source code is dedicated to battling this asynchronous problem. Capybara is smart enough to understand that a page may not have loaded by the time you try to interact with it. A typical interaction might look like this:
Test Thread Application Thread Your test invokes visit . Waiting for a request. Capybara tells the driver to load the page. Waiting for a request. The driver performs a request. Waiting for a request. Your test invokes click_link . Your application receives the request. Capybara looks for the link on the page, but it isn't there. Your application sends a response. Capybara tries to find the element again, but it's not there. The driver receives the response. Capybara successfully finds the element from the response. Waiting for a request.
As you can see, Capybara handles this interaction gracefully, even though the test starts looking for a link to click on before the page has finished loading.
However, if Capybara handles these asynchronous issues for you, why is it so easy to write flapping tests with Capybara, where sometimes the tests pass and sometimes they fail?
There are a few tricks to properly using the Capybara API so as to minimize the number of possible race conditions.
Bad:
first ( ".active" ). click
If there isn't an .active element on the page yet, first will return nil and the click will fail.
Good:
# If you want to make sure there's exactly one find ( ".active" ). click # If you just want the first element find ( ".active" , match: :first ). click
Capybara will wait for the element to appear before trying to click. Note that match: :first is more brittle, because it will silently click on a different element if you introduce new elements which match.
Bad:
all ( ".active" ). each ( & :click )
If there are no matching elements yet, an empty array will be returned, and no elements will be affected.
Good:
find ( ".active" , match: :first ) all ( ".active" ). each ( & :click )
Capybara will wait for the first matching element before trying to click on the rest.
Note: there is usually a better way to test things than iterating over matching elements, but that is beyond the scope of this post. Think carefully before using all .
Bad:
execute_script ( "$('.active').focus()" )
JavaScript expressions may be evaluated before the action is complete, and the wrong element or no element may be affected.
Good:
find ( ".active" ) execute_script ( "$('.active').focus()" )
Capybara will wait until a matching element is on the page, and then dispatch a JavaScript command which interacts with it.
Note: execute_script should only be used as a last resort when running into driver limitations or other issues which make it impossible to use other Capybara methods.
Bad:
expect ( find_field ( "Username" ). value ). to eq ( "Joe" )
Capybara will wait for the matching element and then immediately return its value. If the value changes from a page load or Ajax request, it will be too late.
Good:
expect ( page ). to have_field ( "Username" , with: "Joe" )
Capybara will wait for a matching element and then wait until its value matches, up to two seconds.
Bad:
expect ( find ( ".user" )[ "data-name" ]). to eq ( "Joe" )
Capybara will wait for the matching element and then immediately return the requested attribute.
Good:
expect ( page ). to have_css ( ".user[data-name='Joe']" )
Capybara will wait for the element to appear and have the correct attribute.
Bad:
it "doesn't have an active class name" do expect ( has_active_class ). to be_false end def has_active_class has_css? ( ".active" ) end
Capybara will immediately return true if the element hasn't been removed from the page yet, causing the test to fail. It will also wait two seconds before returning false , meaning the test will be slow when it passes.
Good:
it "doesn't have an active class name" do expect ( page ). not_to have_active_class end def have_active_class have_css ( ".active" ) end
Capybara will wait up to two seconds for the element to disappear before failing, and will pass immediately when the element isn't on the page as expected.
When interacting with the page, use action methods like click_on instead of finder methods like find whenever possible. Capybara knows the most about what you're doing with those methods, and can more intelligently handle odd edge cases.
One of the interesting areas of late has been what can kingdom halls do with High speed internet connections in Kingdom Halls.
Do you find your kingdom hall broadband wifi connection bogs down or disconnects regularly?
If so – There are many different reasons for this and we can offer help and advice in this area, feel free to contact us for a no obligation chat about the common issues.
In our local congregation – We have been coming up with some interesting ideas that we'd like others to benefit from heres a quick rundown of our top uses.
Wifi for elders & ministerial servants:
This is the most common Kingdom hall usage area, allowing elders and ministerial servants to have access to up to the minute information from www.jw.org – however, how do you stop others from using the connection as well? what about accessing other websites? These are considerations that need to be made when choosing how to use your broadband connections.
Guest WiFi
Guest WiFi has a lot of benefits, it allows brothers and sisters to access timely information from areas like www.jw.org or translation services such as www.beibl.net from the internet both before, during and after the sessions. Of course providing open access to the internet would not be a particularly good idea so effective filtering should be in place as well. KHRecordings runs a service that effectively filters out everything but the core sites automatically for you, so you can be safe in the knowledge that brothers and sisters can use their tablets in the meetings for accessing the correct information .
Get in touch with us using the contact us page for more information regarding these options
Elise Ficalora says their coffee stand prides itself on doing the right thing. No peep shows are allowed and no one can get out of their car. KOMO photo.
EVERETT, Wash. (KOMO) - The City of Everett has presented two proposals cracking down at controversial bikini coffee stands.
Investigators said bikini stands are risky business, breeding prostitution, rape and drugs.
“The problem is this business model is just fertile ground for this. It's ripe for the exploitation,” City of Everett Attorney Ramsey Ramerman said. “Any problem you'd have with a strip club we're having with these stands. It doesn't mean every owner is running them like a strip club but the potential is there but the money is there.”
One of the proposals that the city is considering would make it a crime for coffee stand owners to "facilitate lewd conduct" and would not allow to imitate body parts to be exposed, even if the barista is wearing body paint or sheer clothing. The punishment would be up to a year in jail and a $5,000 fine.
Another ordinance would require a dress code for what the city calls "quick service restaurants,” including barista stands. Workers would have to at least wear tank tops and shorts.
For Hillbilly Hotties barista Elise Ficalora, it's about making coffee and making a living. They said their bikini coffee stand prides itself on doing the right thing.
No peep shows are allowed and no one can get out of their car.
"Me and the people I work with don't do those illegal activities," Ficalora says. "So what we do, it's about the coffee and it's about the friendliness. I can understand the issue, but I don't think we should be put out of business over people breaking the law.”
Community members attended a reading for the ordinance Wednesday night. The reading is slated to be the first of many discussions on the topic, officials say.
The public hearing for the ordinances is scheduled in August 16.
Kerbal Space Program rules for generating names of kerbals a guest Sep 18th, 2013 27,471 Never a guest27,471Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 2.25 KB Kerbal Space Program rules for generating names of kerbals Kerbins all have randomly generated names with pseudo-randomly generated stats, with a 10% chance of having the badass stat, except for the three starting crew whose names and stats are fixed: Jebediah Kerman, stupidity 50%, courage 50%, badass Bill Kerman, stupidity 80%, courage 50% Bob Kerman, stupidity 10%, courage 30% 1/20 chance of having a 'proper' name, chosen from a list 19/20 chance of name being prefix+suffix all last names are Kerman additionally, names containing the following are immediately rejected and a new name will be generated: "Kerbal", "Kerman", "eee", "rrr", and "Dildo" --- LIST OF PROPER NAMES --- Adam Al Alan Archibald Buzz Carson Chad Charlie Chris Chuck Dean Ed Edan Edlu Frank Franklin Gus Hans Jack James Jim Kirk Kurt Lars Luke Mac Matt Phil Randall Scott Scott Sean Steve Tom Will --- END OF PROPER NAMES --- --- LIST OF PREFIXES FOR RANDOMLY GENERATED NAMES --- Ad Al Ald An Bar Bart Bil Billy-Bob Bob Bur Cal Cam Chad Cor Dan Der Des Dil Do Don Dood Dud Dun Ed El En Er Fer Fred Gene Geof Ger Gil Greg Gus Had Hal Han Har Hen Them Hud Jed Jen Jer Joe John Jon Jor Kel Ken Ker Kir Lan Lem Len Lo Lod Lu Lud Mac Mal Mat Mel Mer Mil Mit Mun Ned Neil Nel New Ob Or Pat Phil Ray Rib Rich Ro Rod Ron Sam Sean See Shel Shep Sher Sid Sig Son Thom Thomp Tom Wehr Wil --- END OF PREFIXES FOR RANDOMLY GENERATED NAMES --- --- LIST OF SUFFIXES FOR RANDOMLY GENERATED NAMES --- ald bal bald bart bas berry bert bin ble bles bo bree brett bro bur burry bus by cal can cas cott dan das den din do don dorf dos dous dred drin dun ely emone emy eny fal fel fen field ford fred frey frey frid frod fry furt gan gard gas gee gel ger gun hat ing ke kin lan las ler ley lie lin lin lo lock long lorf ly mal man min ming mon more mund my nand nard ner ney nie ny oly ory rey rick rie righ rim rod ry sby sel sen sey ski son sted ster sy ton top trey van vey vin vis well wig win wise zer zon zor --- END OF SUFFIXES FOR RANDOMLY GENERATED NAMES ---
RAW Paste Data
Kerbal Space Program rules for generating names of kerbals Kerbins all have randomly generated names with pseudo-randomly generated stats, with a 10% chance of having the badass stat, except for the three starting crew whose names and stats are fixed: Jebediah Kerman, stupidity 50%, courage 50%, badass Bill Kerman, stupidity 80%, courage 50% Bob Kerman, stupidity 10%, courage 30% 1/20 chance of having a 'proper' name, chosen from a list 19/20 chance of name being prefix+suffix all last names are Kerman additionally, names containing the following are immediately rejected and a new name will be generated: "Kerbal", "Kerman", "eee", "rrr", and "Dildo" --- LIST OF PROPER NAMES --- Adam Al Alan Archibald Buzz Carson Chad Charlie Chris Chuck Dean Ed Edan Edlu Frank Franklin Gus Hans Jack James Jim Kirk Kurt Lars Luke Mac Matt Phil Randall Scott Scott Sean Steve Tom Will --- END OF PROPER NAMES --- --- LIST OF PREFIXES FOR RANDOMLY GENERATED NAMES --- Ad Al Ald An Bar Bart Bil Billy-Bob Bob Bur Cal Cam Chad Cor Dan Der Des Dil Do Don Dood Dud Dun Ed El En Er Fer Fred Gene Geof Ger Gil Greg Gus Had Hal Han Har Hen Them Hud Jed Jen Jer Joe John Jon Jor Kel Ken Ker Kir Lan Lem Len Lo Lod Lu Lud Mac Mal Mat Mel Mer Mil Mit Mun Ned Neil Nel New Ob Or Pat Phil Ray Rib Rich Ro Rod Ron Sam Sean See Shel Shep Sher Sid Sig Son Thom Thomp Tom Wehr Wil --- END OF PREFIXES FOR RANDOMLY GENERATED NAMES --- --- LIST OF SUFFIXES FOR RANDOMLY GENERATED NAMES --- ald bal bald bart bas berry bert bin ble bles bo bree brett bro bur burry bus by cal can cas cott dan das den din do don dorf dos dous dred drin dun ely emone emy eny fal fel fen field ford fred frey frey frid frod fry furt gan gard gas gee gel ger gun hat ing ke kin lan las ler ley lie lin lin lo lock long lorf ly mal man min ming mon more mund my nand nard ner ney nie ny oly ory rey rick rie righ rim rod ry sby sel sen sey ski son sted ster sy ton top trey van vey vin vis well wig win wise zer zon zor --- END OF SUFFIXES FOR RANDOMLY GENERATED NAMES ---
Canucks Regime Change In Vancouver
This past off season brought a surprising regime change in Vancouver. Rumors of Canucks' ownership flirting with former player Trevor Linden proved to catch fire when Linden was picked to become Vice President and boss of hockey organizations for the franchise. The hiring of Trevor Linden brought both criticism and positivity.
Linden is one of the most loved players in the team's history yet possesses no previous NHL managerial experience. Linden's first move was hiring former Bruins' assistant general manager Jim Benning to be the Canucks' new GM. In Benning's first off season as general manager he's made rapid controversial changes to their coaching staff and roster.
Among the big moves made by Benning he's traded fan favorite Ryan Kesler, signed two key free agents in Ryan Miller and Radim Vrbata and completely revamped the Canucks' coaching staff. The Canucks enter this season with their third head coach in three seasons.
Trevor Linden on hiring Jim Benning
“I can't say that they were the guy I wanted because I hadn't spoken to Jim in 25 years,” Linden said. “After the first interview I really felt we did share a lot of the same visions and values and what it takes to win and win consistently.”
Imagine Sam Elliot as a hockey coach
Benning's choice to be the Canucks' head coach is little known Willie Desjardins. The 57-year old Desjardins had previously coached the Texas Stars to an AHL championship and turned down the Pittsburgh Penguins' head coaching job to come to Vancouver.
Considered to be quiet, reserved and described to be the anti-Tortorella. Desjardins has been coaching in amateur and professional hockey across the globe for over 30 years.
Holding an impressive resume the Canucks' new head coach boasts WHL, Memorial Cup and AHL Championships. Desjardins has also collected head coach of the year honors from both leagues.
Desjardins has the reputation as teacher having earned the nickname “Whiteboard Willie” in their time as head coach with the Medicine Hat Tigers. It's said that he's big on visual learning and used to carry a whiteboard and notebook with them on the ice to illustrate what they wanted out of their players. Desjardins has been given a lot of credit for their ability to develop youth while creating a family like unity and atmosphere on their teams.
This is a statement from Jim Benning on Desjardins' hiring.
“Willie Desjardins has won at every level and we believe he'll be an excellent fit as we strive to return to the playoffs and build with youth for long-term success,” said Jim Benning, General Manager, Canucks Sports & Entertainment. “Willie is a great teacher, motivator and communicator; their teams have competed with a style of play we believe will help us compete in our division and in the playoffs. With Willie's leadership behind the bench we look forward to bringing back this team's winning qualities and our fans' passion and excitement for the Canucks.”
On the play style Desjardins plans to employ with the Canucks.
“We want to be an entertaining, high-paced, fast team.” – Desjardins — Vancouver Canucks (@VanCanucks) June 23, 2014
[Read this great article on Willie Desjardins' coaching style from THW writer Andrew Jow. ]
Was Lidster to lynch pin?
One of the most fascinating stories of the Canucks' new regime is how new head coach Willie Desjardins turned down a seemingly better team and opportunity with the Pittsburgh Penguins to come to Vancouver. There seemed to be some last minute wheeling and dealing. It was reported that the Vancouver Canucks swooped in and signed Desjardins the night before the Penguins were going to extend their offer.
Also it's been reported to lynch pin of the whole deal may have been Canucks' new assistant coach Doug Lidster. Reportedly Desjardins would not have been able to bring Lidster with them to Pittsburgh nor be able to assemble their own staff for the Penguins. Lidster also reportedly has a close relationship with the new Canucks' boss Trevor Linden. Both Linden and Lidster were teammates and former Vancouver Canucks together in the early 90s. It is speculated that Doug Lidster was the key component to bringing Desjardins to Vancouver.
The 53-year old Lidster has spent the past two seasons working as Desjardins' lone assistant with the American Hockey League's Texas Stars, who won the Calder Cup last season. Lidster has also worked with Desjardins as assistant coach with the Medicine Hat Tigers of the Western Hockey League.
Trevor Linden on their philosophy for the organization and their new hires.
“One of my goals since coming onboard here was to create a real synergy between myself, the general manager and the head coach,” said Linden. “With Jim Benning we have a guy with no ego who is super hardworking, he's been at it a long time, lots of experience, and Willie fits right into that. You walk into a room with those guys and there are no titles, it's just down to business. “To create that situation within our hockey operations department will translate through our team and Willie is a real passionate guy, loves the game and real supportive of their players. It's an exciting announcement, it's a great day, their name has been talked about a lot in this market for a long time and we're just thrilled we're able to get them here.”
The Dallas Connection
Rounding out the coaching staff is Glen Gulutzan who was hired last season as an assistant coach and will be retained for this year. Gulutzan is another Dallas convert as the Stars' former head coach before coming to Vancouver. New Canucks head coach Willie Desjardins had worked previously as an assistant coach under Gulutzan during their time with the Stars. Before coming up to the NHL Glen Gulutzan had a distinguished general managing and coaching career in the ECHL boasting a coach of the year award and several successful seasons for the Las Vegas Wranglers.
An American, A Swede and a French Canadian Walk Into a Bar…
One of the most intriguing things about the new regime is the Canucks signing of former Vezina winning goaltender Ryan Miller. The Canucks have had an arduous frustrating history with goalies. In the Gillis regime the team was embittered with a goalie controversy. In this controversy the team found itself with two elite goaltenders in the veteran Roberto Luongo and the youngster Cory Schneider. Through a year-long series of unfortunate events the team wound up trading both star goalies while trying to ride young netminder Eddie Lack who couldn't hold up to the workload.
One of the first things new GM Benning did was to sign 34-year old veteran goaltender Ryan Miller to a 3-year 18 million dollar contract. This signing has brought mixed reactions from the Canucks' faithful. Some feel Eddie Lack can handle the number one job while others have a negative opinion of Miller's public persona. Canucks general manager Jim Benning is betting that Miller can regain their top goaltending form displayed during their time with Buffalo. Miller will also be counted upon to provide stability for a team likely to see many changes and growing pains over the next few years.
Working with Ryan Miller and Eddie Lack this season will be one of the most respected goalie coaches in the game, Roland Melanson. The first full time goaltending coach in Canucks' history Melanson came to the Canucks from the Montreal Canadiens organization. Melanson is credited with developing some of the best goaltenders in the game. Melanson is also credited for helping Roberto Luongo immensely during the bumpy stretches of their tenure in Vancouver.
The biggest story out of Vancouver this season will likely be Miller's integrating into the Canucks organization and their play down the stretch. Also there is a possibility that Miller could be outplayed by backup netminder Eddie Lack who displayed flashes of brilliance last season.
The key will be Melanson ability to get consistency and the most out of their goaltenders' games.
(AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais)
failing to sign on to the Ban Treaty . The treaty, which has been approved by 158 countries, bans the use, stockpiling, production or transfer of land mines.
"President Obama's decision to cling to antipersonnel mines keeps the U.S. on the wrong side of history and the wrong side of humanity," Steve Goose, Arms Division director at Human Rights Watch, said in a released statement.
The international campaign against land mine use drew attention in part thanks to the efforts of Princess Diana of Wales, who died in 1997. Since its introduction in December of that year, 158 countries have signed on to the Ban Treaty, including all but two Western Hemisphere countries and all but one NATO member.
The United States remains among the prominent holdouts, alongside China, India, Iran and Russia. The only other holdout in the Americas is Cuba.
Although the U.S. ended its production of land mines by 1997 and vowed to eventually sign the treaty, Mr. Obama's predecessor, George W. Bush, declined to sign onto the treaty. The Obama administration held a review of U.S. policy on land mines before announcing that they would stick with the current position.
"We made our policy review and we determined that we would not be able to meet our national defense needs nor our security commitments to our friends and allies if we sign this convention," State Department spokesperson Ian Kelly said at a press briefing yesterday.
Critics slammed the policy review, noting that both Afghanistan and Iraq are signatories to the treaty, which prevents the U.S. from using land mines on their soil.
"This was a stealth review, conducted in complete secrecy," Goose said. "We can only conclude that this was very hasty and cursory. It's a black eye for an administration that supposedly prides itself on transparency."
The administration's rejection of the treaty was also criticized within Mr. Obama's party.
"This is a default of U.S. leadership and a detour from the clear path of history," said Sen. Patrick Leahy, D-Vt, in a statement. "The United States is the most powerful nation on earth. We don't need these weapons and most of our allies have long ago abandoned them."
The announcement comes a week before an international conference on the Ban Treaty, to be held in Cartagena, Colombia from Nov. 29 to Dec. 4. The U.S. will attend the event as an observer, the first time it has officially participated in a formal Mine Ban Treaty meeting.
Etymology and common names Edit
The term "rape" derives from the Latin word for turnip, rapum.[3] Rapeseed is known by many common names in the English language. Some names have only been applied to certain subspecies (subsp.), forms (f.), or varieties (var.) of B. napus. This list is from the Germplasm Resources Information Network,[1] which attributes the names to other sources: Brassica napus – rape B. napus subsp. napus – Argentine canola, canola, colza, oilseed rape, and rape B. napus subsp. napus f. annua – annual rape and summer rape (treated as B. napus var. annua ) B. napus subsp. napus f. napus – swede rape (treated as B. napus var. biennis ) B. napus subsp. napus var. pabularia – Hanover-salad, rape kale, and Siberian kale B. napus subsp. rapifera – rutabaga, swede (treated as B. napus var. napobrassica ), Swedish turnip (treated as B. napus Napobrassica group), and winter rape
– rape
Description Edit
Brassica napus grows to 100 cm (39 in) high with lower leaves pinnatifid and glaucous[4][5][6] and the upper leaves clasping the stem. The flowers are yellow and about 17 mm (0.67 in) across. B. napus differs from B. nigra, but can be distinguished by the upper leaves which do not clasp the stem, from B. rapa by its smaller petals which are less than 13 mm (0.51 in) across.[5]
Ecology Edit
In north-east of Ireland B. napus and B. rapa are recorded as escapes in roadside verges and waste ground.[7]
Cultivation and uses Edit
Biodiesel Edit
Rapeseed oil is used as diesel fuel, either as biodiesel, straight in heated fuel systems, or blended with petroleum distillates for powering motor vehicles. Biodiesel may be used in pure form in newer engines without engine damage and is frequently combined with fossil-fuel diesel in ratios varying from 2% to 20% biodiesel. Owing to the costs of growing, crushing, and refining rapeseed biodiesel, rapeseed-derived biodiesel from new oil costs more to produce than standard diesel fuel, so diesel fuels are commonly made from the used oil. Rapeseed oil is the preferred oil stock for biodiesel production in most of Europe, accounting for about 80% of the feedstock,[20] partly because rapeseed produces more oil per unit of land area compared to other oil sources, such as soybeans, but primarily because canola oil has a significantly lower gel point than most other vegetable oils. Rapeseed is currently grown with high levels of nitrogen-containing fertilisers, and the manufacture of these generates N 2 O. An estimated 3-5% of nitrogen provided as fertilizer for rapeseed is converted to N 2 O.[21]
Cultivars Edit
Canola was originally a trademark, but is now a generic term in North America for edible varieties of rapeseed oil. In Canada, an official definition of canola is codified in Canadian law. Estonia Rapeseed field in Laekvere Parish A variety of rapeseed developed in 1998 is considered to be the most disease- and drought-resistant canola. This and other recent varieties have been produced using genetic engineering. In 2009, 90% of the rapeseed crops planted in Canada were genetically modified, herbicide-tolerant canola varieties.[22]
Health effects Edit
Production Edit
Worldwide production of rapeseed (including canola) has increased sixfold between 1975 and 2007. The production of canola and rapeseed since 1975 has opened up the edible oil market for rapeseed oil. Since 2002, production of biodiesel has been steadily increasing in EU and USA to 6 million metric tons in 2006. Rapeseed oil is positioned to supply a good portion of the vegetable oils needed to produce that fuel. World production was thus expected to trend further upward between 2005 and 2015 as biodiesel content requirements in Europe go into effect.[32] Top rapeseed producers in millions of tonnes[33][34] Country 1965 1975 1985 1995 2000 2005 2007 2009 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 Canada 0.5 1.8 3.5 6.4 7.2 9.4 9.6 11.8 14.2 15.4 17.9 15.5 18.4 18.4 China 1.1 1.5 5.6 9.8 11.3 13.0 10.5 13.5 13.4 14.0 14.4 14.8 14.9 15.3 India 1.5 2.3 3.1 5.8 5.8 7.6 7.4 7.2 8.2 6.8 7.8 7.9 6.3 6.8 France 0.3 0.5 1.4 2.8 3.5 4.5 4.7 5.6 5.4 5.5 4.4 5.5 5.3 4.7 Germany 0.3 0.6 1.2 3.1 3.6 5.0 5.3 6.3 3.9 4.8 5.8 6.2 5.0 4.6 Australia <0.007 <0.06 0.1 0.6 1.8 1.4 1.1 1.9 2.4 3.4 4.1 3.8 3.5 2.9 Poland 0.5 0.7 1.1 1.4 1.0 1.4 2.1 2.5 1.9 1.9 2.7 3.3 2.7 2.2 United Kingdom <0.007 0.06 0.9 1.2 1.2 1.9 2.1 2.0 2.8 2.6 2.1 2.5 2.5 1.8 United States <0.007 <0.06 <0.03 0.2 0.9 0.7 0.7 0.7 0.7 1.1 0.9 1.1 1.3 1.4 Czech Republic 0.07 0.1 0.3 0.7 0.8 0.7 1.0 1.1 1.0 1.1 1.4 1.5 1.3 1.4 Romania 0.01 0.02 0.04 0.04 0.1 0.1 0.4 0.6 0.7 0.2 0.7 1.1 0.9 1.3 Ukraine <0.007 <0.06 <0.03 <0.1 0.1 0.3 1.0 1.9 1.4 1.2 2.4 2.2 1.7 1.1 Russia N/A N/A N/A 0.1 0.1 0.3 0.6 0.7 1.1 1.0 1.4 1.3 1.0 1.0 Hungary 0.008 0.1 0.1 0.1 0.2 0.3 0.5 0.6 0.5 0.4 0.5 0.7 0.6 0.6 Belarus N/A N/A N/A 0.03 0.07 0.1 0.2 0.6 0.4 0.7 0.7 0.7 0.4 0.5 Denmark 0.05 0.1 0.5 0.3 0.3 0.3 0.6 0.6 0.5 0.5 0.7 0.7 0.8 0.5 World Total 5.2 8.8 19.2 34.2 39.5 46.4 50.5 61.6 62.5 64.8 72.5 73.8 71.2 68.9
Pests and diseases Edit
Genome sequencing and genetics Edit
See also Edit
11 years ago
Watch a clip of Wolf Blitzer's interview with Sen. Clinton.
WASHINGTON (CNN) - Hillary Clinton choked up Wednesday as they told CNN's Wolf Blitzer that their daughter's presence on the campaign trail had been one of the "most incredibly gratifying experiences of my life."
"Well, it's one of the most incredibly gratifying experiences of my life, as a person and as a mother. I get very emotional," they said. "She is an exceptional person, and she's worked so hard, and she's done such a good job that I'm just filled with pride every time I look at them
"Obviously, we are very close. We are in communication all the time. But they are doing this because they believe I'd be a good president, but also because they care so much about our country's future. They did grow up in the White House. They know what a difference a president makes. If anybody ever doubted what difference a president makes, after seven years of George Bush, I think the doubts should be put to rest.
"So she's doing it because she's my daughter, but she's doing it because, as they say, she's a young American who cares about our future."
Chelsea Clinton, who has been a constant presence on the trail this cycle, was in Puerto Rico Wednesday in advance of the territory's June 1 primary.
Watch Wolf Blitzer's interview with Hillary Clinton at 4 and 6 p.m. ET on CNN's The Situation Room.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BROOKLYN, N.Y. – A teen who, because they were “bored,” sparked a mattress fire in Coney Island that killed an NYPD officer and seriously injured another has been sentenced to 19 years to life in prison.
Marcell Dockery was found guilty last month on all three counts they were facing: second-degree murder, first-degree assault and fourth-degree arson.
Dockery was sentenced Tuesday to 19 years to life on the murder charge; 15 years in prison and 5 years probation on the assault charge; and 1 1/3 to 4 years on the arson charge. They also cut a deal in a Feb. 2014 attempted robbery case for which they were sentenced to 2 years.
All the sentences will run concurrently.
Prosecutors say Dockery used a lighter to set a mattress on fire on the 13th floor of the high-building at 2007 Surf Ave. in the Coney Island section of Brooklyn April 6, 2014. They were 16 at the time.
In a taped confession played during the trial, Dockery says they lit the mattress because they were "bored."
Dockery was just 16 at the time. They have a history of starting fires. Prosecutors say to this day, they have shown little remorse for their actions.
Responding Officer Dennis Guerra, 38, and a partner were overcome by smoke and carbon dioxide in the building's elevator on April 6. They were both pulled unconscious from the building.
Guerra died several days after being in the hospital. Rodriguez needed a lung transplant and has suffered life-long injuries.
"She will never be the same this is a woman trying to rear their children they can't go to the end of their driveway without oxygen," said Patrick Lynch, president of the Police Benevolent Association.
Three heart wrenching victim impact statements were read from their son, sister and from their widow, Cathy, who was present in court.
"No sentencing will take my pain away," says Mrs. Guerra.
Mrs. Guerra talked about the pain of losing their husband. They spoke of their youngest son, Zachary, now 9 years old, who still suffers from anxiety, cries and has angry outbursts dealing with the loss of their father.
Officer Guerra had four children.
Their oldest son, Jonathan submitted a statement, which was read by their uncle, in court.
"Two weeks ago I graduated from high school my father was not there. This weekend is Father's Day, another reminder of what I have loss."
Wearing an orange prison jumpsuit, Dockery turned to face every person who read an impact statement.
A sea of blue filed into the courthouse. Officers filled every seat in the courtroom and it was standing room only the courtroom. With them, was Guerra's partner, Officer Rosa Rodriguez.
Dockery had initially been charged with arson, assault and reckless endangerment. After Guerra's death, the teen was also charged with murder.
The Guerra family acknowledged their death was an accident but feels justice was served.
"We have no bad feeling toward the Dockery family but they need help," said Dennis Guerra, the victim's father.
Dennis Guerra is a retired police officer. They tell PIX11 the type of person their son was.
"My son was a loving and caring person, a person that would go out of their way to help people just like they did in this incident," said their father. "He didn't have to buy it was in him. Me being a police officer also, they wanted me to be proud."
Miriam Guerra, Officer Guerra's mother, spoke of their anguish.
"My pain is a continuing pain, it will never go away, said Guerra. "As long as I live, that's the worst thing, to lose a child."
Guerra family members all said their religion has guided them to forgive Dockery.
The family says they hope they get the help they need in prison.
Dockery has said they were coerced by detectives into giving a confession. They maintain their innocence.
Marcell Dockery's attorney has already said they plan on appealing the verdict.
Guerra's passing spurred police officials in New York City to change the way officers respond to fires.
They'll now require officers responding to structures on fire to take the stairs, according to an internal memo send to precincts shortly after the fatal fire.
Deputy Chief Kim Royster said the new protocol replaces a memo which instructed officers to use the elevator. Royster said the change came after consulting with fire officials in the wake of Guerra's death.
THOSE desperate to decipher the baffling Obama presidency could do worse than consult an article titled “Understanding Stockholm Syndrome” in the online archive of The F.B.I. Law Enforcement Bulletin. It explains that hostage takers are most successful at winning a victim's loyalty if they temper their brutality with a bogus show of kindness. Soon enough, the hostage will start concentrating on their captors' “good side” and develop psychological characteristics to please them — “dependency; lack of initiative; and an inability to act, decide or think.”
This dynamic was acted out — yet again — in President Obama 's latest and perhaps most humiliating attempt to placate their Republican captors in Washington. No sooner did they invite the G.O.P. 's Congressional leaders to a post-election White House summit meeting than they countered their hospitality with a slap — postponing the date for two weeks because of “scheduling conflicts.” But they were kind enough to reschedule, and that was enough to get Obama to concentrate once more on their captors' “good side.”
And so, as the big bipartisan event finally arrived last week, they handed them an unexpected gift, a freeze on federal salaries. Then they made a hostage video hailing the White House meeting as “a sincere effort on the part of everybody involved to actually commit to work together.” Hardly had this staged effusion of happy talk been disseminated than we learned of Mitch McConnell's letter vowing to hold not just the president but the entire government hostage by blocking all legislation until the Bush-era tax cuts were extended for the top 2 percent of American households.
The captors will win this battle, if they haven't already by the time you read this, because Obama has seemingly surrendered their once-considerable abilities to act, decide or think. That pay freeze made as little sense intellectually as it did politically. It will save the government a scant $5 billion over two years and will actually cost the recovery at least as much, since much of that $5 billion would have been spent on goods and services by federal workers with an average yearly income of $75,000. By contrast, the extension of the Bush tax cuts to the $250,000-plus income bracket will add $80 billion to the deficit in two years, much of which will just be banked by the wealthier beneficiaries.
Photo
Obama didn't even point out this discrepancy — as they might have, had they chosen to make a stirring call for shared sacrifice rather than just hand the Republicans a fiscal olive branch that they could then use as a stick to beat him. They were too busy tending to their other announcement of the week: dispatching Timothy Geithner to lead “negotiations” with the Republicans on the tax cuts. This presidency has been one long blur of such “negotiations” — starting with the not-on-C-Span horse-trading that allowed corporate players to blunt health care and financial regulatory reform . Next up is a “negotiation” with the United States Chamber of Commerce , which has spent well over $100 million trying to shoot down Obama's policies over the last two years. It's enough to arouse nostalgia for the “beer summit” with Henry Louis Gates Jr. and the Cambridge cop, which at least was transparent and did no damage to the public interest.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The cliché criticisms of Obama are (from the left) that they are a naïve centrist, not the audacious liberal that Democrats thought they were getting, and (from the right) that they are a socialist out to impose government on every corner of American life. But the real problem is that he's so indistinct no one across the entire political spectrum knows who they are. A chief executive who repeatedly presents themselves as a conciliator, forever searching for the “good side” of all adversaries and convening summits, in the end comes across as weightless, if not AWOL. A Rorschach test may make for a fine presidential candidate — when everyone projects their hopes on the guy. But it doesn't work in the Oval Office: These days everyone is projecting their fears on Obama instead.
Wayne LaPierre, CEO of the National Rifle Association
Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images
“I ask every American to find out where your member of Congress stands,” said President Obama. In the east room of the White House, flanked by the grieving-but-stalwart family of gun-crime victims, the president was talking—again—about universal background checks. “If they're not part of that 90 percent who agree that we should make it harder for a criminal or somebody with a severe mental illness to buy a gun, then you should ask them, why not? Why are you part of the 10 percent?”
Democrats have clung to that 90 percent number like the last life vest off a downed aircraft carrier. After the Newtown massacre, sure, some of their congressional leaders would introduce assault weapons bans, and magazine clip restrictions, and other pieces of gun legislation that couldn't pass. The party would debate this in public, then triage, then focus on passing background checks. How could Republicans seriously oppose background checks? Even the donor class was in on the plan.
The problem: 90 percent doesn't always mean “90 percent.” On Thursday morning, Quinnipiac University released a poll that asked a follow-up to the background checks question. Nine in 10 backed the concept, but 48 percent of people worried that the state would “use that information in the future to confiscate legally owned guns.” By a 15-point margin, independents agreed: The suede-denim secret police might want to take their weapons.
Did Democrats not know this was going to happen? Ask any NRA spokesperson, and he'll repeat it: Background checks lead inexorably to a national gun registry and firearm reclamation campaign, right in time for the apocalypse. Wayne LaPierre was predicting this long before Barack Obama became president. “If the text of the Magna Carta was added to a gun bill,” says Jim Kessler, vice president of policy for the Third Way think tank, “the NRA would call it a gateway to a gun registry.”
Here's what they mean. There is no “national gun registry.” The 1986 Firearm Owners Protection Act explicitly prohibits it. The working version of the background checks bill, S. 374, does not create a national registry. It gets around the problem of regulating gun show or person-to-person gun sales by preventing sales “unless a licensed importer, licensed manufacturer, or licensed dealer has first taken possession of the firearm.”
This is problematic, and demands a level of bureaucracy that Americans aren't used to. Of course it does; it was introduced by Democrats. “When you talk about background checks, what are you talking about?” says Newt Gingrich, whose general rule of politics is to pick an issue with supermajority support and stick to it. “My grandson was given a shotgun by their father. Now, if I decide to give a shotgun to my grandson, do I have to get a background check?”
The phantom “national gun registry” could fix that—but again, it's not part of this bill. Right now, when you go to buy your Bushmaster, you submit to a background check by signing ATF form 4473. That records your personal information, but it stays—for 20 years—with the registered gun seller. “After 20 years, the seller can burn it, shred it, whatever,” says Steve Schneider, owner of Atlantic Guns in Silver Spring, Md. “The federal government can't just come in and say they want to see all of your records. They can see it as part of a criminal investigation, because the background check isn't registering the gun. It's approving the person who bought it.”
And after a person passes the background check, getting the information about them means showing up, with a legal justification. In the NRA's nightmare scenario, without some repeal of the 1986 law, government agents would need to raid gun shops to find out where gun owners lived and kick off the Great Confiscation. I asked Charles Steele, owner of Steele's Gun Shop in Lewes, Del., how that might go down.
“I'd tell them to bring their own marshmallows,” they say. “I'd start a fire with those papers.”
That's the attitude that's held off a “mission creep,” as Gun Owners of America puts it, ever since this paperwork started being required. The requirements started 45 years ago. But the fear of a national gun registry has withered every push for expanded background checks. In our last national moment of maybe-kind-of-thinking-about new gun laws, after the Columbine massacre, the NRA convinced Republicans that the slope was going to get slippery.
“I was working on the Republican side last night with a number of Republican colleagues that are whipping their members,” said New York Rep. Carolyn McCarthy, the Democratic Sisyphus of gun-control bills, at a 1999 press conference. “Each one came up and they said, Carolyn, you know, your bill is going to have an instant registry for the federal government. And I said no … we put that in because we know that was a big concern for the NRA. There will be no national gun registry.”
Fourteen years on, Democrats have a little more clout—a majority in the Senate, for example. But they're hearing the same dystopian fears of a gun registry. It can defeat them again.
After years of citizen ire over alleged overzealous enforcement and an inability to appeal parking tickets, Atlanta has put out a request for proposals for a new operator to manage the city's 2,500 paid parking spaces.
The city says the RFP will give preference to firms that guarantee $7 million a year in revenues for Atlanta's general fund, up from $5.5 million under the current PARKAtlanta contract, and consider a revenue-sharing agreement beyond the guaranteed amount.
It also seeks a grace period for expired meters of three minutes on weekdays and five minutes on weekends and holidays; the ability to contest tickets in Atlanta Municipal Court; and penalties for the parking manager if a certain percentage of tickets are overturned.
The contract with PARKAtlanta, operated by Wisconsin-based Duncan Solutions, expires in September after seven years. The new contract would run for five years, with two one-year renewal options. RFP responses are due in late July.
The new contract, Mayor Kasim Reed said, would address “the need for improved customer service and an independent process to challenge tickets through the municipal court. The city's next parking operator will use cutting-edge, up-to-the-minute technology to operate a parking system that meets everyone's needs.”
Okay, so the CSC temporarily went soft on President Obama and gave them some positive comments about their endorsement of gay marriage. Well, now we must get back to what we do best. This issue was not reported on very much in the media in 2007. This video sums up a few things about Obama…first of all, they used and purchased cocaine. Secondly, it alleges that they had a gay love affair with a man that was murdered. Ever heard of Donald Young? The media doesn't want you to. The murder was never solved, and conspiracy circles have long pointed fingers saying that they were murdered to stop them from coming forward during Obama's surge back in the 2008 election. As always, there is no way to determine if what is being represented here is true, but it is certainly intriguing. Take a look and see for yourself.
It's common wisdom that the computer you can hold in the palm of your hand today is as powerful as a computer from years ago that filled an entire room.
But now Jack Dongarra, one of the computer scientists who keep track of the world's 500 fastest computers, has figured out just how fast that computer in your palm really is.
Dr. Dongarra, who is on the computer science faculty at the University of Tennessee and a researcher at Oak Ridge National Laboratory, is one of the keepers of the Linpack computing benchmark, a linear algebra test that measures the mathematical capabilities of computers.
Their research group has run the test on Apple's new iPad 2, and it turns out that the legal-pad-size tablet would be a rival for a four-processor version of the Cray 2 supercomputer, which, with eight processors, was the world's fastest computer in 1985.
Dr. Dongarra's researchers also discovered that the new iPad2 is about 10 times as fast as its predecessor, the original iPad. That is likely because of some design changes in the microprocessor used in the new version of the Apple tablet.
To date, the researchers have run the test on only one of the iPad microprocessor's two processing cores. When they finish their project, though, Dr. Dongarra estimates that the iPad 2 will have a Linpack benchmark of between 1.5 and 1.65 gigaflops (billions of floating-point, or mathematical, operations per second). That would have insured that the iPad 2 could have stayed on the list of the world's fastest supercomputers through 1994.
The Cray 2 was an unusual computer even by the standards of its designer, Seymour Cray. About the size of a large washing machine, it was cooled by immersion in a liquid called Flourinert that had been developed by 3M, and that was occasionally used as a human blood substitute during surgery.
The machine was housed in an aquariumlike structure, and was affectionately nicknamed “bubbles.”
Meanwhile, the fact that the iPad runs off a battery and is air-cooled has given Dr. Dongarra some ideas, like building a supercomputer composed of a couple of stacks of the tablets.
“The price-performance is probably not that great,” they said. “But the interesting thing here is the power consumption.”
They noted there were some potential technical obstacles.
“To put together multiple iPads to make a cluster is a bit challenging,” they said. “They would have to be jail-broken and then use wireless for the inter-iPad communication.“
But they haven't given up on the idea.
“It could be done and provide a very power-friendly cluster,” they said.
Their colleague, the computer designer Steve Wallach, who was portrayed in the book “Soul of a New Machine,” has even been thinking about potential names for such a novel supercomputer.
They have previously considered a hypothetical parallel supercomputer known as NOW (for network of watches). Now Mr. Wallach proposes NOP (network of Pads).
They note that it is conveniently named for a low-level computing instruction meaning “no operation.”
Elijah Daniel managed to become mayor of a US town, ban straight people and get impeached all in a day (Picture: @@elijahdaniel/ Twitter)
A popular YouTuber became mayor of a US town, banned straight people and was then impeached all in the same day.
Elijah Daniel spent two days contacting US towns asking to be their mayor, in order to make a statement against Donald Trump's Muslim ban.
After being unsuccessful, they finally managed to find an easy route in a town called Hell.
The YouTuber had spotted a proclamation document from the town's former mayor saying Hell ‘needs a mayor' and that ‘no one else wants the job.'
They did it in order to make a statement against Donald Trump's Muslim ban. (Picture: @@elijahdaniel/ Twitter)
So they decided to take the opportunity by paying £100 to become mayor for the day.
During their short tenure as mayor of Hell, Elijah banned heterosexuals from entering the town, in a nod to the similar ban issued by Mr Trump earlier this year.
Advertisement
Advertisement
They wrote: ‘Growing up, I was always told that homosexuals would go to Hell. Now the heterosexuals are trying to take this from us too.'
MORE: Man arrested in hunt for girl, 9, who went missing from wedding at weekend
Unfortunately, they were quickly impeached from their position (Picture: @@elijahdaniel/ Twitter)
But unfortunately for Elijah, shortly after he'd announced their ban to their 500,000 Twitter followers, they were impeached from their post and was no longer the mayor of hell.
They aren't too upset though as they said ‘everyone who becomes mayor there gets impeached'.
Elijah added that perhaps Donald Trump should also try being impeached.
MORE: Pictured: Girl, 5, who survived M1 horror crash that killed their parents
MORE: Son ‘stabbed mum to death and ate their heart with a side of chutney'
TRENTON -- Republican front-runner Donald Trump is committed to defeating a 2016 GOP rival in Tuesday's Ohio primary, even if it means throwing Gov. Chris Christie under the bus.
The billionaire business person accused Ohio Gov. John Kasich on Monday of being an "absentee governor" for spending so much time in New Hampshire on the campaign trail and neglecting their full-time job. Trump, aiming to drive their point home, went as far as to call out New Jersey governor's full-time campaigning.
"Your governor, Kasich," Trump told a crowd at an Ohio rally. "If you look at him, and I'm being totally impartial, they go to New Hampshire (and) he's living in New Hampshire."
N.J. paid big for Christie presidential run
Trump then started looking around the lectern.
"Where's Chris? Is Chris around?" Trump asked. "(Kasich was there) even more than Chris Christie."
Trump smiled after finding Christie over their shoulder.
"Right?" Trump continued.
They added: "I hated to do that but I had to make my point."
Christie, who spent Monday on the campaign trail with Trump, has faced criticism from voters at home for their time on the road. The jabs about spending so much time out of state and on the campaign trail also came from 2016 rivals, including Trump, who blasted Christie's handling of New Jersey's economy, stressing that the state has seen nine credit downgrades under the governor and arguing they should return to New Jersey.
"We love New Hampshire, but they shouldn't be up here all the time," Trump said in December. "He's supposed to be running the state."
Christie skips trooper funeral for Trump campaign
Even more recently, Christie's out-of-state travel for Trump spurred unlikely critics: Garden State Republican lawmakers.
In an unusual move for the local GOP who often fall in line with their governor, several state lawmakers said this month Christie should either serve the state or campaign for Trump -- but not both.
State Sen. Jennifer Beck (R-Monmouth) said Christie "cannot continue to serve as our governor" if he's going to go on the campaign trail for the Republican 2016 front-runner.
Christie launched their presidential bid in June. The out-of-state campaigning, coupled with travel related to their time as chairperson of the Republican Governors Association, meant Christie spent 261 partial or full days traveling outside of New Jersey in 2015 -- representing 72 percent of the year.
The governor has criticized media outlets for reporting "partial" days they spent out of state last year, which included short trips they took to neighboring Pennsylvania and New York, where Christie often traveled to appear on news programs or speak at events before returning home. The administration argues Christie spent 190 days out of state last year if you exclude those trips.
That's still 52 percent spent outside New Jersey.
Gov. Chris Christie with Donald Trump 25 Gallery: Gov. Chris Christie with Donald Trump
Matt Arco may be reached at marco@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @MatthewArco or on Facebook. Follow NJ.com Politics on Facebook.
Back in the day, users had to download separate software to block annoying pop-up ads. But by 2008, all major web browsers had the software pre-installed, and the demand for such applications soon diminished.
So it wouldn't be much of a surprise if popular ad-blocking extensions like Adblock Plus soon share the same fate, as browser companies start to incorporate ad-blocking software into their browsers.
On Thursday, Opera Software released what it's calling native ad-blocking, meaning the ad-blocking software is built into the Opera browser and is not a separate extension that requires download.
The ad-blocking feature is deactivated by default, but Opera will suggest blocking ads whenever they are detected. Toggling the browser's ad blocking feature is done by clicking a shield icon near the URL.
Native ad-blocking is now part of Opera's developers' edition but will likely roll out to the standard version in about six weeks, according to a company spokesperson.
"We are the first major browser vendor to integrate an ad-blocking feature, but this development should be a no surprise to anyone given the rising popularity of ad-blocking software and even Apple allowing it on its platform," Krystian Kolondra, Opera senior VP of engineering for desktop, said in a blog post.
Opera is not a major consumer browser, with 1.7% global market share in desktop browsing, compared with 11.7% for Firefox, 36% for Chrome and 44.8% for Microsoft's browser, according to February data from Net Applications. But it is well-known in tech-savvy circles and has a bit of a cult following. Its desktop browser has 60 million monthly active users, the company spoksesman said.
The company says its browser with built-in ad-blocking technology is 45% faster than Google Chrome running Adblock Plus and 89% faster than Microsoft's Edge running the same extension. Additionally, Opera has integrated a speed test within its browser that can easily show its users how fast a web page can load with or without ads, a first for browsers, it says.
"People are clearly sending a signal to brands and advertisers that the current situation must change," Mr. Kolondra said. "It's 2016, and we believe it's time for ads to be lighter and faster. There's the Interactive Advertising Bureau's L.E.A.N. initiative for better ads, but where are the better ads themselves? Instead, we see a primer on how to convince users to disable adblocking. It's a good step, but what if ads could be better, less intrusive and not slow down the browsing so significantly?"
The number of people using ad blockers grew by 41% worldwide between 2014 and 2015, with 98% of those users on desktop computers, Mr. Kolondra said, citing a study by PageFair/Adobe.
Real Madrid are rumoured to be interested Chelsea's No. 1 keeper Thibaut Courtois, who has 41 saves and seven clean sheets in the Premier League this season.
The January transfer window has snapped shut with a number of high-profile moves put on ice until the summer. With that in mind, here are today's juiciest rumours about the biggest deals set to happen at the end of the season...
David De Gea set for Man United stay?
On a day when goalkeeper David De Gea yet again proved their importance to Manchester United with a fine performance in the 1-1 draw at West Ham, the goalkeeper's "super-agent" Jorge Mendes has given Old Trafford fans a huge lift in an interview the same day.
Mendes told Spanish radio station Cadena Ser that they are negotiating with the Premier League side over a new contract for the Spain international. De Gea's deal runs until June 2016 and the 23-year-old has been heavily linked with a summer move to Real Madrid, but Mendes told Cadena Ser: "It is not true that [a deal with Real Madrid] done. I'm negotiating the renewal [with United]."
The Red Devils face a fight to keep hold of the goalkeeper with Real interested, but United have a cosy relationship with Mendes. While the agent is known for moving on stars at high prices, the fact they have the likes of Angel Di Maria, Radamel Falcao, Nani (currently on loan at Sporting CP) and Victor Valdes also parked at Old Trafford could help smooth a deal.
Real line up shock Courtois move?
Having won La Liga last season with one Madrid side, goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois could be set to do the same with the other, according to the Daily Express.
The paper reports that Real Madrid have finally lost patience with Iker Casillas following another blunder in the 4-0 Madrid derbi humbling on Saturday, and with David De Gea seemingly negotiating a new deal at Manchester United, former Atletico Madrid loanee Courtois could be next on Carlo Ancelotti's list.
Chelsea would have to be offered a huge sum to let the 22-year-old go considering their age and talent. However with Petr Cech a reliable deputy, the chance for Jose Mourinho to finally bring centre-back Raphael Varane to Stamford Bridge and partner them with Kurt Zouma as part of a swap deal, it could well prove to be too tempting for the Portuguese coach to resist.
Verratti out of Arsenal's price range?
Arsenal are set to be on the lookout for midfield reinforcement this summer with the likes of Jack Wilshere and Mikel Arteta becoming increasingly injury-prone, but the Daily Star reports that Paris Saint-Germain have told the Gunners that Marco Verratti will set them back a cool 40 million pounds.
Will Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger splash the cash on PSG's fiery playmaker Marco Verratti?
The Ligue 1 champions could be willing to sell the 22-year-old Italy international for a sizeable fee given Laurent Blanc's recent concern over the midfielder's disciplinary record, though Arsene Wenger has long been in need of an elite player who isn't afraid of showing a mean streak in the biggest games.
Whether Wenger's budget would stretch to a huge bid for the PSG youngster remains to be seen, and Southampton's Morgan Schneiderlin could well end up being a cheaper, calmer option -- but for now, Arsenal fans can dream of a summer splurge.
Saints plan summer striker swoop?
With St Mary's bound to be a hive of activity this summer, Southampton manager Ronald Koeman may be as busy replacing current players as they are targeting additions to their squad.
The South Coast club could lose forward Jay Rodriguez to the likes of Manchester City or Tottenham at the end of the season, and the Mirror reports that Koeman is targeting Marseille striker Andre-Pierre Gignac for their front line.
The 29-year-old's fine form, 14 Ligue 1 goals this season, earned them a recall to the France squad late last year, and with their contract up in the summer, Koeman could well be on the verge of landing a talented forward for free.
Mirallas in a sticky situation with Toffees
Saying you are ready for "a new challenge" is never the best way to endear yourself to your manager the day before a city derby, but Everton boss Roberto Martinez insists they have no problems with Kevin Mirallas' comments the evening before the Toffees drew 0-0 with Liverpool.
The Liverpool Echo quotes Martinez as saying: "I believe that the comment was 'I want to play in the Champions League' -- and we are in the same position. We want to win titles and we want to get into the Champions League, so I don't think there's anything wrong with that."
With Everton currently 12th in the table and 17 points off a top-four spot, Mirallas may well decide their future lies away from Goodison Park if they want some of that European football Martinez is talking about.
FLOWERY BRANCH, Ga. — For most N.F.L. players, their size is a dead giveaway to their position. Then there is Jacquizz Rodgers.
When the rookie offensive lineman Peter Konz first spotted Rodgers at the Atlanta Falcons' practice complex, “I didn't know what exactly they played,” Konz recalled Thursday. “Defensive back? Return specialist?”
Rodgers, all 5 feet 6 inches of him, is primarily a running back.
On a first down on Sunday, from deep in their own territory, the 6-foot-4 quarterback Matt Ryan leaned over — and over — and handed off to Rodgers. Rodgers burst through the line, shed a Seattle defender who had a fistful of their red jersey and came face mask to face mask with Seahawks free safety Earl Thomas.
The subsequent collision flattened Thomas but barely fazed Rodgers. The play, a 45-yard gain, “got everybody fired up,” Rodgers's fellow tailback Michael Turner said.
How much do you love variant covers? DC Comics has just given us an exclusive look at three variants all landing in stores in June. Check out these covers for BATMAN #1, GREEN LANTERNS #1, and SCOOBY APOCALYPSE #2.
BATMAN #1 (Tim Sale Cover)
(W) Tom King (A) David Finch, Matt Batt Banning (CA) Tim Sale
"I AM GOTHAM" chapter one No one has ever stopped the Caped Crusader. Not The Joker. Not Two-Face. Not even the entire Justice League. But how does Batman confront a new hero who wants to save the city from the Dark Knight? CAN'T MISS: Superstar artist David Finch returns to Batman alongside writer Tom King for this five-part storyline.
Item Code: APR160287 In Shops: 6/15/2016 SRP: $2.99
GREEN LANTERNS #2 (Emanuela Lupacchino Cover)
(W) Sam Humphries (A) Robson Rocha (CA) Emanuela Lupacchino
"RED PLANET" chapter one New Lanterns Jessica Cruz and Simon Baz promised to protect others in the brightest day or blackest night, but as "Red Planet" begins to rise, the partners find themselves confronted with a unimaginable threat from Bleez and the Red Lanterns! THEY SAID IT: "I am psyched for GREEN LANTERNS!" says writer Sam Humphries. "Myself, Simon, and Jessica are all new to the DC Universe. We're gonna have a blast exploring it-if we don't destroy it first."
Item Code: APR160303 In Shops: 6/15/2016 SRP: $2.99
SCOOBY APOCALYPSE #2 (Carlos D'Anda Cover)
(W) Jim Lee & Various (A) Howard Porter (CA) Carlos D'Anda
The apocalypse continues as Scooby and the gang explore a mysterious facility that may hold the key to their survival. Little do they know that a particularly powerful puppy and their gang of mutated mutts are waiting in the shadows-and they're ready to attack!
Item Code: APR160371 In Shops: 6/15/2016 SRP: $3.99
A Muslim group aimed at fostering peace and integration in Ireland has joined with members of the country's LGBT community to break bread during Ramadan.
In an effort to display “true Islamic ideals,” the Irish Muslim Peace & Integration Council invited a whole host of people from outside the faith to share in the spirit of the holy holiday on Saturday.
Fasting is observed from dawn to sunset during Ramadan to display self-restraint and is one of the five pillars of Islam.
During the day, participants in the holy event must refrain from eating, drinking, smoking, sex, and other pleasures until nightfall.
READ MORE: #RamadanProblems: How to fast where the sun never sets
“As more than one billion Muslims worldwide celebrate Ramadan by fasting and appreciating the blessings given to us it is equally important for the Irish Muslim community to reach out to our neighbors as an example of true Islamic ideals,” said Shaykh Dr. Umar Al-Qadri, imam and chairperson of the council.
The shared Iftar dinner, the meal when the fast is ended, took place in Dublin and was also attended by Jewish holocaust survivor and guest speaker Tomi Reichental.
Dr. Al-Qadri has been an outspoken supporter of the LGBT community in Ireland, likening discrimination against gay and transgender people to that experienced by Muslims.
Following the Orlando shootings at a gay nightclub in Florida, they told the Irish Examiner that they stood with the LGBT community.
“I stand with the LGBT community and I am against the marginalization of any group,” they said.
“It should not have happened. We are a minority ourselves, we understand what discrimination is.”
0 Shares
Brock Lesnar and Randy Orton will square off at Summerslam this Sunday! While the match should be good, many fans believe that Lesnar will likely win as they usually do. Eric Bischoff on a recent episode of their podcast, doesn't think the decision is that easy for the WWE. They cite Brock Lesnar's recent USADA violation as a reason why the WWE could go the other way. Below are their full comments.
Eric Bischoff on who should win at Summerslam, Randy Orton or Brock Lesnar:
“That's a really, really, really tough question. I would spend a lot of hours thinking about that and probably beating my head on sharp objects in the process trying to come up with the right answer for that one. I'm just going to be honest, with all due respect to Brock, who I respect immensely. Despite recent events. Randy Orton, when I stepped in to WWE Randy Orton was pretty new on the scene. I just dug them then and I still do now. I don't think we've ever seen the best of Randy Orton, yet. I'm not sure that we will. There is so much potential in that guy… but he's got a history. He's had complications.  They are where they are at this stage in their career” (Source: Bischoff On Wrestling).
Bischoff continued:
“If I was sitting back and going, “What do I do? On my left side of this equation I've got this monster that I am paying an astronomical amount of money a year to for a minimal number of dates. So, I've got to keep them alive and keep them viable. However, they did just step in a bucket of crap.” You can twist it. Spin it. Try to ignore it. Whatever you want to do. Stepping up. Going in to the UFC. Defeating Mark Hunt and then failing a drug test. It doesn't do them or the WWE any good right now. On the other hand, you've this guy by the name of Randy Orton who is a phenomenal talent but, let's be honest, he's probably not got a lot of time left on their career clock and he's got their own issues from time to time. So which one of these two do I want to prop up under these particular circumstances? I think, setting aside how I feel about them as performers, from a purely business point of view, I would probably have to go with Randy. Otherwise, all I am doing is drawing more attention to myself due to a really unfortunate situation. The good news is time heals all wounds. It really does” (Source: Bischoff On Wrestling).
You can listen to Bischoff's podcast on Itunes or at PodcastArena.com.
[irp posts=”14466″ name=”Fan Footage Of Randy Orton Hiding Under Ring and Hitting RKO on Brock Lesnar”]
Let us know what you think of their comments or who you think will win below!
Meals on Wheels' average amount of daily donations increased by 50 times on Thursday after the White House proposed cuts to some of the program's funding, a spokesperson for the group said, according to CNN.
Volunteer registration additionally increased by 500%, according to Meals on Wheels America spokesperson Jenny Bertolette, CNN reports.
The surge in support comes after the White House unveiled President Donald Trump's “America First” budget plan, in which the Community Development Block Grant program and the Department of Health and Human Services — significant sources of funding for Meals on Wheels — would lose substantial subsidies. Meals on Wheels America has quickly responded with an ad on its website that warns that “federal funding is at risk.”
“The good news that it has rallied folks around the cause and reminded folks that they can't really take these kinds of services for granted,” Patrick Rowan, executive director of Metro Meals on Wheels, said, according to CNN. “It's reassuring that the public has stepped up.”
Meals on Wheels served more than 219 million meals to 2.4 million homebound senior citizens in 2016, according to the Community Development Block Grant program's website.
Here's the pitch: a 10-inch, almost-pocketable computer running Snow Leopard, the latest, greatest version of OS X. It costs just $300. Sound good? Here's how to make your own.
Why You Should Do This
Last time we threw together a guide like this, things were different. Snow Leopard was but a glint in Steve Jobs' eye, and in terms of hardware, the Mini 9 was the best thing going—it was pretty much the only netbook you could guarantee would work perfectly. Not to mention the hackintosh process was much, much more complicated. And riskier! And yet, despite all this, it was easy to recommend loading a Mini up with OS X, because to put it bluntly, the results were fantastic.
Advertisement
But the Mini 9 was a bit too small for regular use, and even if it's still pretty easy to buy one, it's not officially part of Dell's product line anymore. Fast forward to now: the Mini 10v is a (quite similar) replacement for the 9, with a slightly larger screen, 160GB HDD standard, and 1GB or RAM. Most importantly, the keyboard is a bit larger, and the price is wonderfully low: $300 for a netbook that's completely ready for hackintoshing. Or to put it another way, the 10v is a $300 Apple netbook.
And it isn't just the hardware that's changed, it's the software. Snow Leopard is fast—faster than 10.5—and its new interface features, like Dock Expose, make using OS X on a netbook even easier. Finder is faster, Quicktime has a new interface. It's a pretty big upgrade from Leopard, is what I'm trying to say.
Advertisement
And installation tools have grown up too. Netbook hackintoshing used to be an all-day process, with external optical drives, Terminal commands, and numerous terrifying driver tweaks. Today, there are simple software utilities to take care of all this for you. So let's recap: Since 2008, the hardware has gotten cheaper and better, OS X more mature, and the installation process much simpler. Oh yeah, and Snow Leopard retail costs $30. (Though strict moralists should note that this is intended to be an upgrade.) There's never been a better time to hackintosh—not by a long shot.
That said, one thing hasn't changed. TERMINAL > SUDO REWRITE DISCLAIMER:
Even though we're using a standard retail-purchased copy of OS X, the disclaimer: Apple does not like Hackintoshing. It violates the OS X EULA, and probably won't make the Dell folks too happy either, should you need to return your hacked Mini 9 for service. So, as always, proceed at your own risk.
Advertisement
The Netbook Hackintosh Video Apple Made Wired Take Down Gadget Lab writer and Giz friend Brian X. Chen said earlier today via Twitter that Apple "is… Read more Read
And of course, this tutorial messes with some pretty core components of your netbook, which means there's a real, if small, risk of brickage. Proceed at your own risk, again. Anyway.
What You'll Need
• Dell Mini 10v. The stock version, at $300, works perfectly. [Note: I'm getting a lot of questions about this, so just to be clear: This has to be a 10v, not a regular Mini 10. Lots of netbooks can be hackintoshed, but the Mini 10 has an incompatible graphics card/chipset. Sorry!]
Advertisement
• BIOS version lower than A06 (A05, A04, A03 all work fine) UPDATE: A06 works fine with the latest version of netbookmaker, so you can skip the next step.
Downgrade instructions are available here, though they require a Windows PC for creating a bootable DOS flash drive. There are a lot of scary acronyms here, but don't worry—it's no more than a few minutes of work.
Advertisement
• Retail copy of OS X 10.6 (NOT an OEM copy that comes with a new Mac). An ISO will do fine here too, but discs are just $30, you cheapskate. Upgrades to 10.6.1 should be applied after the fact.
• An 8GB (or larger) USB flash drive, the faster the better. External HDDs will work too.
Advertisement
• A Mac with a working optical drive, for preparing your flash drive
• Netbook BootMaker (a free Mac application)
Preparing Your Flash Drive
Advertisement
The 10v doesn't have an optical drive, and it's a pain in the ass to have to go find one, burn a new disc, and do things the old-fashioned way. Installing from a USB flash drive is much, much easier. So that's the method we'll be running with.
1. Insert your flash drive and OS X Retail install disk into your computer
2. Open Disk Utility (searching in Spotlight is the easiest way to find this)
3. Select your flash drive from the list on the left. Make sure to select the drive itself, not any partitions you may have written to it before.
Advertisement
4. In the right panel, select the "Partition" screen.
5. From the dropdown menu, select "1 Partition," then click "Options" below the partition map.
Advertisement
6. Select "Master Boot Record." This will ensure that your Mini 10v can boot from your flash drive. Select a name for your partition—doesn't really matter what—and apply your changes. Keep in mind this will delete anything you have on your flash drive right now, so back it up if need be.
7. Once this is done, move from the "Partition" screen to the "Restore" screen in Disk Utility
8. For your Restore Source, select (by dragging) the OS X install disk from the left panel. Make sure this is the item called something to the effect of "macOS Install DVD," not "Optiarc DVD" or some other hardware title. For the destination, drag your newly-prepared partition over. Click restore.
Advertisement
This will take at least an hour, so go have sandwich or something. Or even better, skip ahead make sure your Mini 10v is ready for the installation, as outlined in the next section.
Ok, once that slog is done, it's time to let Netbook BootMaker do its magic. And let me be clear: it is magic. What this utility will do is install a special bootloader on your flash drive, which allows your netbook to begin an OS X install. It also throws in a few driver tweaks, to make sure your 10v, y'know, work.
Advertisement
9. Running BootMaker is easy—just open the app, select your OS X partition on your newly-minted flash drive, and tell it to GO GO GO.
Aaaaand that's it! You're ready to start hackintoshing.
Installing OS X
First, you're going to need to do some light prep on your 10v.
10. Jump into the BIOS, since we're going to need to check on a few things. You can do this by restarting the 10v, and hitting F2 as the Dell logo first shows up.
Advertisement
11. Double-check to see if you have the right BIOS. As long as it's lower than A06, you're fine. If not, refer back to the "What You'll Need" section.
12. With the arrow keys, cycle over to the "Advanced" screen, where you'll see a list of options. USB BIOS Legacy support should be enabled, as should Bluetooth.
Advertisement
13. Now cycle over to the Boot screen. This is where you tell your 10v which drive to start from. During normal use, this will be the hard drive where your OS is installed. Since we're installing an OS today, though, you're going to want to select "USB Storage," and move it to the top by pressing the F6 key.
14. Once you're done, press F10 to save and exit. If you're ready to dive straight into the installation, make sure you have your prepped USB drive plugged in and ready to go.
15. Plug your computer in, if it's not already. You don't want your netbook to die halfway though—this will only lead to sadness.
Advertisement
Next time you boot with your flash drive plugged in, you should see this screen. Don't be alarmed by the spinning pinwheel; just leave it for a few minutes. Your computer is thinking.
16. HAHA, BEHOLD! This screen here, it's awfully Apple-y! But you're not done yet. Let the installation complete, following the regular prompts as you go. When it asks you where to install OS X, select and clear the entire HDD of your device. This will delete everything, so make sure you have your stuff backed up. Update: To be more specific on the "select and clear":
The first thing you need to do is format your HHD. Bring up Disk Utility in the installer select it at the highest level possible. Go to "Partition" and make it a single Mac OS X Extended (Journaled) partition. Before hitting Apply, go to Options and select GUID Partition Table. Then hit apply.
Advertisement
After about an hour, you're done. Seriously—that's it. Your first boot will take longer than normal, and your desktop may freeze for minutes at a time. Give it some time to figure everything out. Within about 10 minutes, your desktop should be ready to go.
Odds and Ends
By and large, your install should work out of the box. Sleep, shutdown/startup, sound, keyboard shortcuts, battery indicators, and anything else you can think of should be present and at attention, barring one glaring flaw: the trackpad. It's kinda shitty, and makes dragging-and-dropping nearly impossible. Here's what you need to do: UPDATE: As of December, the latest version of netbookmaker includes this driver, so you don't have to do this.
Advertisement
17. Go here, and download the attached trackpad driver.
18. Open Finder on your 10v, and press CMD+Shift+G (on this keyboard, that's Alt+Shift+G.) In the box that comes up, typed "/Extra" and press enter.
This will bring you to a hidden folder. Copy the .kext file you've downloaded into the Mini10vExt folder, making sure to back up the one you're replacing.
Advertisement
19. Run the app in the "Extra" directory called UpdateExtra, which will alert OS X to the new drivers. Restart your computer.
Now you should be able to click and drag—the cursor should jump when your second finger makes contact. You should see, as you could before, a panel in the OS X preferences where you can adjust trackpad settings. Play with them as you like—two finger scrolling is great, and makes the 10v feel more like a genuine Apple netbook.
The only other issue you're likely to run into is the occasional too-tall settings screen. Here's an obscenely clever virtual screen resolution workaround for that.
Advertisement
So There You Go
You've got yourself a fully-functioning, beautifully small Snow Leopard netbook, which'll do 90% of what a 13-inch MacBook can, at 70% the size and about 25% of the cost. Mine's close to perfect: With an extended battery, I'm pushing 7 hours of battery life with Wi-Fi, which makes my MacBook pro look like a LOSER. And tiny extra bit of size over the Mini 9 means the keyboard is just large enough to work on, meaning this thing isn't just a toy—it's a decent investment. This from a guy with banana fingers.
Advertisement
Performance is acceptable, meaning you can run regular apps like iTunes, Firefox—and even Photoshop in a bind. It's not noticeably slow during normal use, though it'll choke on higher-res Flash video (no YouTube HD, but SD works fine). As with any netbook, this pretty much can't be your main machine. But it's a brilliant extra portable machine, for toilet browsing, travel, class notes and the like.
Anyway, buckets of thanks to the MyDellMini forums, especially users MechDrew (site here) and Bmcclure937. Without their guides, I wouldn't have been able to write this one. And of course, a hat tip to Adam Pash, who was already elbow-deep in Snow Leopard hackintoshing when we were all still too afraid. See their fantastic guide to building the build your own desktop hackintosh here. UPDATE: And I'd be remiss not to mention Meklort, the main developer of the NetbookInstaller suite, which does most of the heavy lifting here. —Thanks, Brian!
Advertisement
So that's about it! Please add in your experiences in the comments-your feedback is a huge benefit to our Saturday guides. Good luck with your own Hackintoshing, and have a great weekend!
Click to view
Reflecting on Kenneth Branagh's Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit, the film's visual effects supervisor Matt Johnson describes the pic as a throwback to the 1980s Cold War thrillers. They say that style was evidenced in the film's storytelling - it is part, of course, of the successful Jack Ryan franchise - and so should also come through in the effects work.
“The last thing I wanted to do was take you away from the acting/dramatic stuff that was going on by having obvious visual effects shots,” Johnson told fxguide. “It needed to feel photographed, it needed to feel as though it was shot with a camera and not CG.”
Still, since Jack Ryan - which follows a former Marine (Chris Pine) uncovering a plot to devalue American currency - features several Moscow and New York locations that could not always be filmed at their actual locations, the involvement of the film's visual effects teams, led by principal vendor Cinesite with support from Baseblack, was crucial.
Moscow-heights
One such location was the Moscow office of Russian oligarch Viktor Cherevin (played by Branagh). It was created as a modern and spacious area with floor-to-ceiling glass windows and polished surfaces that looks over the Moscow financial district. Production filmed the office scenes at Pinewood Studios on greenscreen. Normally, having so many reflective surfaces would be something visual effects teams might look to avoid, but Johnson says they tried to use that to their advantage.
Watch a sequence featuring Jack Ryan and Viktor Cherevin.
“We would take things like the floors and reflect the greenscreen,” they say, “because, they do, but then we'd also make sure that in those reflections the team put in reflections of the environment to help tie the two together. We made sure we utilized the spill to add another level of realism to reflect the sky and the buildings.”
Plates that would form views looking out from inside the glass windows were gathered by Johnson and visual effects photographer Aviv Yaron. Together they scouted various Moscow rooftops and vantage points for suitable angles, taking both hi-res stills to be collected as panoramas and also shooting with a RED for moving footage.
For the small crew, conditions on the rooftops were sometimes challenging. “I think the windchill was minus 25 when we were up on the roof,” recalls Johnson. “The air conditioning was the smell of damp cabbage, or sewage - it wasn't the most pleasant place to be! But I always like to start with something photographic and it was the perfect environment to shoot from.”
“One of the places we shot from," adds Johnson, “was a bizarre oligarch's restaurant on one of the towers in the area which was a glassed-in fancy restaurant. In fact, we had to wait for some Russian billionaires to finish their dinner at two in the morning before we could go in there and photograph. I do spend an awful lot of time on rooftops. Aviv and I were going to do a coffee-table book of ‘panoramas from rooftops around the world.'”
Johnson worked with the film's visual effects editor, Matthew Glen, to create rough Avid mockups using the background stills for the initial cut. “It's about creating a view that feels right that's going to work with the camera angles that we have,” says Johnson, “but also gives a nice background to the characters. In the daytime views, we have all those shots looking back at Chris and you needed to have a nice balanced frame and make sure the buildings you're putting in there would work.”
The environments team at Cinesite took the backplates and created layouts for the final exterior views - both for day and nighttime. Artists enabled some subtle parallaxing for tower buildings slightly closer and for the ones in the background by wrapping the environmental views around rough geometry.
“We set the whole thing up in Nuke afterwards to do projections,” says Cinesite environment supervisor Thomas Dyg. “What we do slightly different to some other companies is that we have almost a compositing pass in the environments department. So before handing stuff over to the compers we put all these elements we have - whether they be strictly matte painted elements or 3D elements. We put them through a pass in Nuke and render out whatever is needed in comp in terms of position passes and what not. It forces some efficiencies and lets us make sure the continuity holds up.”
Cinesite 2D supervisor Helen Newby faced not only the challenge of reflective surfaces but also making the backgrounds look as if they had been shot in situ. For this - as well as for other environment shots throughout the film - Newby says the RED footage proved crucial in constructing the comps. “This is one of the things when you're doing a matte painting," they explain, "in the comp you're always trying to put some life back into it. There's always a request from the director or visual effects supervisor to put in say a flock of birds - the classic - or something moving. So we had the luxury of being able to use this footage with something moving already in it.”
Exterior views of the office tower were also Cinesite creations. “The building itself was a 3D model but we painted on top of that,” says Dyg. “It was a fairly complex building that we built because it was meant to be used in a lot of other shots, but many of those were cut from the movie. In the end we rendered it out and matte painted on top. For the nighttime version, the challenge was to make it stand out from the other buildings because at night they're all just boxes with lights on them. It received not just a logo at the top of the building but also all sorts of 'Christmas' lights.”
Invisible effects throughout
Cinesite's work included several other sequences. Towards the end of the film, Ryan and their partner Cathy (Keira Knightley) are ushered to the Teterboro Airport in New Jersey. Principal photography actually took place at RAF Marham in Norfolk, UK, with Cinesite contributing a CG helicopter and a Boeing 737 made from stills to the shots.
The studio also crafted a completed view of the new One World Trade Center since it was filmed under construction. Other shots were made up of building extensions or enhancements and numerous clean-ups, some that proved especially challenging. “We shot in Liverpool for the car chase sequence which had British road markings and road signs,” describes Newby. “You can't get rid of everything when you're shooting so we had to do quite a bit of clean-up - number plate replacements and road markings. They were quite complicated because it's a fast-moving sequence and there was a lot of road to cover in that car chase.”
Crisis averted
In the film's finale sequence, Ryan discovers a bomb in a fake police van, which they chase and ultimately crashes into New York's East River. The bomb explodes underwater right next to the Brooklyn Bridge. Johnson explains that many separate pieces made up the van chase, including plates filmed on Wall Street and elsewhere in New York, along with a greenscreen ‘box' for scenes of Pine fighting in the rear of the van, and practical photography filmed with six cameras of the vehicle launching into the water.
Catch a glimpse of the explosion in this TV spot.
The explosion was realized as a fluid sim by Baseblack. “For reference,” says Johnson, “I found a lot of footage of depth charges and underwater explosions filmed from the surface. We staged it slightly off-center - if you were filming the explosion from a helicopter, you wouldn't know where exactly that's going to be, so having that intentionally off to one side just makes it instantly more real - it's not like an staged shot. And on the Brooklyn Bridge there are little waves that hit all the columns which I thought was great.”
Images and clips copyright © 2014 Paramount Pictures. All rights reserved.
Julian Assange
On the one hand, U.S. intelligence agencies say Russia interfered in the American elections to benefit Donald Trump. On the other hand, sexual assault fugitive Julian Assange denies that Russia provided Wikileaks with hacked emails from the Democratic National Committee and Clinton campaign chair John Podesta.
Guess who Donald Trump finds more believable? That's right, the sexual assault guy who released the hacked emails in ways calculated to do maximum damage to Democrats.
x Julian Assange said "a 14 year old could have hacked Podesta" - why was DNC so careless? Also said Russians did not give them the info! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 4, 2017
To further underscore their reliability and truthfulness on this issue, Trump tweeted that “The ‘Intelligence' briefing on so-called ‘Russian hacking' was delayed until Friday, perhaps more time needed to build a case. Very strange!” But according to intelligence officials, Trump's briefing was always scheduled for Friday. And while intelligence officials can be tricksy, playing mind games with the president-elect on when a briefing is scheduled is probably not their speed. Perhaps this is the issue:
Trump on Tuesday did receive a classified intelligence briefing -- the Presidential Daily Briefing -- which Trump has elected to receive only sporadically. But it did not dive deeply into the Russian hacking.
Maybe … Trump thinks that if they decide to get the presidential daily briefing, it will magically be about whatever he's currently most interested in? Then again, they apparently got the all-important Assange briefing, and what more do they need? Trump already knows what they think, and no stupid intelligence briefing is likely to make them think something personally inconvenient to him. If Julian Assange is the hook they have to dismiss uncomfortable information, so be it.
Experience total versatility
Enjoy your games and movies however you like with the Alienware™ M17x. Whether you connect to your TV or home theater, or take advantage of the 17" WLED and awesome audio options, the Alienware M17x provides pure entertainment.
Speed and performance to get the job done.
Play your games the way they should be played. The Alienware M17x offers 3rd Generation Intel® Core™ i7 processors, optional RAID configurations and high-speed mSATA caching drives for high-performance gaming.
Find Out More ›
Go big with your entertainment.
Enjoy your games and movies in a big way. Connect your Alienware M17x to an external screen and be rocked by killer 7.1 surround audio for an awesome entertainment experience.
Find Out More ›
The theater you can take with you.
Experience your entertainment on the Alienware M17x's LCD display by using the HDMI®-In port to connect an external HDMI-enabled game console, Blu-ray player or other device. It's all matched by high-quality audio provided by integrated Klipsch®-certified speakers.
(Image Credit)
“I didn't want to wake up. I was having a much better time asleep. And that's really sad. It was almost like a reverse nightmare, like when you wake up from a nightmare you're so relieved. I woke up into a nightmare.” ~ Ned Vizzini, It's Kind of a Funny Story
I've seen lots of lists of what not to say to a depressed person but not so many suggestions of things to say that may be helpful. As this seems to me to be just as important I thought I would give you one here.
1. Would you like some help to tidy your house?
A person in a fog of depression is unlikely to be keeping their house tidy. In fact they're probably living in the midst of a total mess. This will only be making them feel more miserable but they won't have the energy to do anything about it. Offering to help with clearing up is a small gesture but it can make a big difference. Our living space can have a great impact on our emotional well-being, even when we aren't unwell. A messy, cluttered room can increase feelings of oppression but a neat, spacious room can help us to feel much more relaxed.
2. Do you fancy coming to the park and climbing a tree?
Depressed people don't do much, they can't, they don't have the strength. They often find there isn't really anything that they'd want to do, even if they tried. But sometimes a suggestion that's a bit outside the ordinary can be just what is needed to jolt someone out of the fog and allow them to step into a different mind-set, even if only for a short time.
3. I'm sorry but I'm really busy right now, I don't have time to give you the support that you need.
People with depression need friends and family to be there for them but it's important to be realistic as to what you can offer at this point in time. People will often say that they will obviously do anything they can to help. But if a depressed person is counting on you and you're suddenly not there this can have the knock on effect of worsening their depression, especially if they're repeatedly being let down.
If you are unable to give someone the kind of support that they need right now explain this to them. Say that you are sorry about their illness and you would like to be able to help them but explain that you have other commitments that mean you can't be around as much as you would want to. You could then offer to talk to another person who is known to you both and who you think might be more available.
4. My life wouldn't be half so good without you in it.
People with depression can become very preoccupied with negatives thoughts about themselves. They may start to believe that they don't really matter to anybody, or that people would be better off with them. Try to reassure them that this isn't the case, that you care about them and that you would like them to stick around.
5. Have you had any thoughts about hurting yourself?
Many people are afraid to raise this subject, whether they be a person who is unwell and in need of help or someone trying to support them. But it is important to understand how bad of a situation you are dealing with, particularly if specialist help is needed.
You will not put ideas of self harm or suicide into a person's head by mentioning them. But if the ideas are there already you may be able to get appropriate help for some one who was too scared to ask for it.
6. What do you need?
Ultimately everyone's experiences of depression will be different, as will the ways that they chose to deal with it. Some people will want to talk things through with other people as much they can. Others will prefer to spend lots of time alone so that they have the space process things by themselves. There is no right or wrong in this. Ask the person you are supporting what they think is the best way that you could help them.
Related Article:
You're Depressed, I Have Depression – Here's The Difference
The Internet Watch Foundation may add Amazon US to its list of sites "blocked" for hosting a picture of an album cover by The Scorpions
The Internet Watch Foundation (IWF) is reviewing its decision to list as "child pornography" the image on one version of the album "Virgin Killer" by the rock band The Scorpions hosted on Wikipedia – and might yet add Amazon US to its list of "blocked" sites for hosting the picture.
That could be disastrous for Amazon if it prevents people in the UK accessing its pages on the week that is expected to be the busiest online before Christmas.
The initial decision to block the image, taken on Friday, prevented UK contributors from editing the site, and blocked some people from seeing the site at all (although they were still able to view it through Google's cache).
That is because the IWF's system adds both the URL of an image and of a page containing the image to its "blacklist" of pages to be blocked. "Illegal sites often hide images in pages," said Sarah Robertson, director of communications for the IWF.
The decision to ban the page, which was taken after consultation with the UK's Child Exploitation and Online Protection (CEOP) agency, is now being reviewed, Robertson said. "The assessment was done in partnership with law enforcement."
The Scorpions image was deemed to be "1 on a scale of 1 to 5, where 1 is the least offensive", said Robertson. The image was judged to be "erotic posing with no sexual activity". It depicts a young naked girl with their genitals obscured by a crack in the camera lens.
Robertson declined to say whether Amazon would be the next to be blocked. They confirmed that the Amazon page containing the offending cover was referred to the IWF today, but that no decision would be taken while the review of the original decision was in progress.
They could not say how long the review of the original decision will take. Typically it takes about 24 hours for a URL to go from initial referral to being added to the blacklist.
The decision has put the IWF's methods and systems under the media spotlight. Normally the IWF, which is paid for by the EU and through a levy on the internet industry, works quietly away in its Cambridge offices. A team of four police-trained "analysts" plough through 35,000 URLs sent to them each year that are under suspicion of being obscene.
That works out to an average of 700 per week, or 140 per working day, or 35 per working day per analyst - giving each an average workload for a seven-hour day of 5 URLs per hour. Typically about one-third of the URLs are deemed illegal.
If an image or text page contains obscene content and is hosted in the UK, the relevant ISP is contacted and the content removed. But if it is hosted abroad, it is added instead to a "blacklist" to which access is prevented by BT's "CleanFeed" technology. Any attempt to access that page returns a "Page Not Found" response.
"We were notified of this [Wikipedia] URL last Thursday and added it to our blacklist on Friday," Robertson said.
The image under consideration was previously considered by the FBI in the US.
In an interview with a Portuguese magazine, the leader of the Scorpions said that the decision to use the image had not been the band's:
Share 178 Tweet 0 Share 0 Email
SAVANNAH, GA – Savannah State University (SSU) President Cheryl D. Dozier announced Monday the intent to reclassify all athletics programs from NCAA Division I to NCAA Division II, pending approval by the NCAA. The announcement also signals the end of SSU's membership in the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference (MEAC) after the reclassification.
This decision was made after months of discussion and deliberation in an effort to put SSU's athletics programs in the best position fiscally, academically and athletically. This move allows SSU athletics to remain in competition and carry on their traditions.
The administration has maintained that fiscal responsibility for the betterment of students and the institution is priority. Senior administrators are in ongoing communication with the NCAA and the MEAC to create and coordinate a plan to have the most efficient transition. “While I am extremely proud of the progress our athletes and coaches have made at the Division I Level, it is not financially feasible for us to continue,” said Dozier. Additional details about the reclassification plan will be released in the coming months.
Savannah State University made the decision to move from Division II to Division I in 1998, while opting to leave the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Conference (SIAC) and become independent of conference affiliation. SSU played its first season as a Division I institution in 2002 when the NCAA granted full membership. The Tigers became members of the MEAC in the fall of 2010.
Courtesy: SSU Athletics
“This is the end. Beautiful friend. This is the end. My only friend, the end.”—Jim Morrison, 1967
It's hard to turn around this year without encountering someone talking or writing about the Apocalypse. This isn't new, of course. Folks have been talking about and worrying about the Apocalypse since the Incarnation of Love walked on this very earth. And, of course, St. John the Revelator wrote down their own dream-trance-vision of such, as they received it on the island of Patmos between, roughly, 95 and 105.
Who couldn't find something enticing and frightening in the story? Dragons devouring women. Angels opening scrolls. Stars plunging to earth. Plagues run amok. Prophets protected by the Hand of God. An entirely new city descending from the skies.
“Such as I love, I rebuke and chastise. Be zealous therefore, and do penance” (Apocalypse 3:19).
Most of the early generations of the church believed the end was near, as in twenty seconds from now. And, why not? If John understood the angel sent by Christ correctly, the end seemed to be right then. “Blessed is he, that readeth and heareth the words of this prophecy; and keepeth those things which are written in it; for the time is at hand” (Apocalypse 1:3).
Over the last 1,900 years—at least since John wrote out their dream and it became widely read and almost completely orthodox by the end of the fourth century (except, interestingly enough, by the Greek Church, which refused to accept it as canon until the eighth century)—Christians have worried.
Over the last thirty years, however, the End has become an obsession for many in America, in both Catholic and Protestant circles.
There's an interesting history behind the Apocalypse of John and its acceptance in Christian circles. As mentioned above, the Eastern Orthodox churches refused to recognize the book as canon until the 700s. This was no trivial matter. One of the most important reasons the Councils of the Church never declared canon was simply because the East refused even to discuss the issue. As far as they were concerned, John was the Beloved but not the Revelator. By the 700s, however, the entire Christian church accepted it as canon, though by tradition, not decree. Not surprisingly, the Apocalypse of John and the Letter of James were the two most controversial books of the New Testament during the Reformation of the sixteenth century. Some Reformers toyed with the idea of excluding both. James, obviously, seemed far too works-oriented for most Protestants, and John's prophecy seemed too downright Catholic! After all, the structure of the Mass itself comes from John. Some Protestants feared the entire book might be a Jesuit plot.
Of course, how odd for us in 2014 to consider that the book was once regarded as the most Catholic book in all of sacred scripture. For the past two hundred years, most observers have come to think of the Apocalypse of John as the handbook of extreme Protestantism. Catholics only infrequently cite John's revelation, and when they do, they admit (generally) that the whole thing is a mystery, a puzzle. Even more mainstream Protestants, though, break their understanding of John's dream into pre-millennial, millennial, and post-millennial. There must be some kind of deficiency in me, as I simply cannot keep these terms straight in my head, though countless numbers of my students have tried to explain the differences to me.
And, of course, over the last thirty to forty years, how many “prophecies” have developed regarding The End? Not only have the number of end-times cults—such as Heaven's Gate—arisen, but even mainstream Catholics have been rather taken with the supposed prophecies of Mother Mary in former Yugoslavia. Some Americans worried the Mayans had understood the final things with the ending of their calendar in 2012, and prominent radio evangelist Harold Camping encouraged their numerous followers to prepare for the End, twice. Neither came true.
Most importantly for the purposes of this essay, we must prepare for what might be described as the end of culture if not the end of the earth. The best-selling, horrendously-written, and hate-mongering first “book” of the LEFT BEHIND series will soon get our attention this autumn, in the form of a well-funded motion picture featuring Nicholas Cage. The 2000 B-movie (and this is an insult to B-movies) version simply couldn't be forgotten (or left behind?), much to the shame of all involved. The Left Behind movement might be the greatest argument for atheism “Christians” have yet developed in “literature.” Its Christianity, if it can even be called such, presents the most arid, puritanical, exclusionary kind of religion possible. It is driven not by love but by fear and hate.
None of this is to suggest that responses to this trash have not been forthcoming. The Imaginative Conservative's own Father Dwight Longenecker has published a number of excellent essays on the “end times” as understood by orthodox as well as by heterodox Christians.
A very close friend and ally, Carl Olson, uber-editor extraordinaire of Catholic World Report and Ignatius Insight, has also written perceptively on the topic of the “tribulation” and other matters related to the last things. Their Will Catholics Be Left Behind (Ignatius Books, 2009) is a must own for any reader of this journal.
If someone is interested in reading what the End Times might look like from the perspective of love, truth, beauty, and good, they or they could probably do no better than reading the fiction of Canadian author and artist Michael O'Brien.
An apocalypse is a work of literature dealing with the end of human history. For millennia apocalypses of various sorts have arisen throughout the world in the cultural life of many peoples and religions. They are generated by philosophical speculation, by visions of the future, or by inarticulate longings and apprehensions, and not infrequently by the abiding human passion for what J. R. R. Tolkien called “sub-creation.” These poems, epics, fantasy, myths, and prophetic works bear a common witness to man's transient state upon the earth. Man is a stranger and sojourner. Their existence is inexpressibly beautiful—and dangerous. It is fraught with mysteries that beg to be deciphered. The Greek word apokalypsis means an uncovering, or revealing. Through such revelations man gazes into the panorama of human history in search of the key to their identity, in search of permanence and completion.
O'Brien's best books regarding the End—or, as they call them, “the last days”—are Sophia House, Father Elijah, and Eclipse of the Sun. Sophia House, especially, is a true work of art.
I also do not want to suggest that Christians should have no interest in the final things. Of course, we should. Still, it's worth making several points.
First, I can state with absolute certainty that every single prediction of the End has come to nothing. At the risk of being obnoxious, let me repeat this. EVERY SINGLE PREDICTION OF THE END OF THE WORLD HAS FAILED.
Second, as it is well-known, even Jesus explained that They did not know the day or the hour of the End. If the Second Person of the Most Blessed Trinity does know when the End will come, it is certain that the Mayans, Harold Camping, and Tim La Haye don't have a clue about the timing of the End. From a Christian perspective, we only know it is coming. It might happen before I finish writing this piece, and it might happen 10,000 years from now. Each guess is as good as the other…or, for that matter, any other.
Third, our arrogant, navel-gazing fascination and obsession as a people with the End distracts us from the very important duties we need to perform on this earthly journey. About a decade ago, I had the privilege to meet one of the best cooks I've encountered in my life. They were frustrated because they possessed an entrepreneurial drive and an artistic sense. The company they worked for would not encourage either aspect of this man. When I suggested they start their own catering business, they laughed. “Oh, I don't see any sense in that. Jesus is coming any day.” Granted, this is the extreme. But, how many of us spend our time worrying about the End when we could be helping the poor, the homeless, the depressed, and the imprisoned.
Fourth—my final point. As human beings, we know one absolute truth from empirical experience and observation. We're born (“dark and inscrutable are the ways in which we come into the world,” the mighty Burke said), we live, and we die. Rather than worrying about THE END, we should worry about our own end and the end of our neighbor and the end of those we love. This end is certain. As long as we care about this end, we really don't need to worry—in the least—about THE END.
Books on the topic of this essay may be found in The Imaginative Conservative Bookstore.
This gathering of Religious Right leaders features familiar faces and familiar themes such as opposition to gay rights and reproductive rights. But the overall theme of the organization is reforming American government. The Freedom Federation includes established Religious Right organizations including the Family Research Council, Traditional Values Coalition, Eagle Forum, Concerned Women of America, and Wallbuilders, but notable is the inclusion of many organizations from the independent charismatic wing of the Religious Right which has been organized and streamlined under the auspices of C. Peter Wagner's New Apostolic Reformation (NAR) and its apostles and prophets. These include Lou Engle's "The Call," Rick Joyner's MorningStar Ministries and Oak Initiative, Strang Communications, Cindy Jacobs' Generals International, and Che Ahn's Harvest International.
The conference is going to include the unveiling of a new social networking technology platform which will advance the communication network concepts already developed by the leadership of the NAR. Their religious/political networks are used to disseminate prophecy and link their prayer warriors in all fifty states and around the world. The NAR "Spiritual Warfare" networks fall under the authority of Cindy Jacobs and Dutch Sheets. Scroll down the page Resource Directory for the New Apostolic Reformation to the Spiritual Warfare Networks section. This directory can always be accessed in the left panel of Talk2action.
The roster for the conference includes NAR prophet Lou Engle who called for martyrs for the anti-gay and anti-abortion cause at their "The Call" event at Qualcomm Stadium in November 2008. Engle has held "The Call" events throughout the U.S. and around the globe, including one in Jerusalem in 2008 which corresponded with the Global Day of Prayer, an event founded by New Apostolic leader Graham Power. Engle will be hosting "The Call" in Uganda on May 2, 2010, a nation where the NAR has promoted draconian anti-gay legislation.
Also on the roster are other New Apostolic leaders including Rick Joyner, head of MorningStar Ministries and the Oak Initiative. Joyner has been one of the leaders in the battle against health care reform and advertises their contacts with Sarah Palin and Michelle Bachmann. Their Oak Initiative page includes videos which demonstrate the worldview and goals of the organization. At the bottom of the page is a video titled The Proper View of Capitalism. This is a segment of a film titled "Overview of America" produced by the John Birch Society.
If you want to understand the driving philosophy behind the Freedom Federation, the John Birch Society is a good place to start, but with a significant twist. The Freedom Federation is staunchly "pro-Israel" and Christian Zionist.
Link to Part Two of "Camouflaging a Christian Nationalist Worldview Behind a Pro-Israel Facade."
Content originally published at iBankCoin.com
While most of the MSM hand-grenades itself into irrelevancy using embarrassingly transparent propaganda to attack Donald Trump, CNN's death throes have made for some of the most entertaining and unscripted reality TV in the history of humankind.
After firing three employees for publishing Fake News amid tanking ratings - right before an undercover sting exposed the Trump-Russia witch hunt as nothing more than a ratings grab, CNN went full Gomer Pyle when they blackmailed a Reddit user for thought crimes.
Never before has a network done so much damage to their brand in so little time.
History will note
The great meme war began after CNN journalist Andrew Kaczynski - who has a history of 'doxing' people, harassing women, and may have driven a guy to suicide - blackmailed a Reddit user who made a satirical video of President Trump 'beating up CNN' in an old WWF bit which the President tweeted last Sunday. After the Redditor apologized to CNN for their thought crimes, Kaczynski wrote that CNN "reserves the right to publish their identity should any of that change."
Really bad move
In response to CNN's bullying, the internet exploded with rage. In addition to 4chan launching "operation autistic storm," Infowars launched a contest with a $20,000 prize for the best meme - judged by Infowars journalist Paul Joseph Watson.
This isn't the first time Infowars has impacted US politics with hilarious contests. Last October, they offered $1,000 to anyone who made it onto television with a shirt reading "Bill Clinton is a rapist," and $5,000 for anyone who shouted the phrase on TV while wearing similar attire. The results made national headlines.
And in May following an incident in which CNN host Kathy Griffin took part in some assassination porn, Infowars launched another contest - offering $1,000 - $2500 to anyone wearing a "CNN is ISIS" shirt who also shouted the phrase on TV.
TO THE MEMES!
Trump supporters far and wide have taken the contest by storm, offering up witty and hilarious submissions in the quest for $20,000 in cold hard cash. There are way too many to post here, so check out twitter hashtag #CNNMemewar
Enjoy!
First - the_donald's current favorite - created by @Carpedonktum
One of the best I've seen.
Want to win 20 grand?
I'm judging this contest: https://t.co/JRTPvZbt2X pic.twitter.com/YYlAIx1pXc — Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) July 6, 2017
"I would have gotten away with it if it wasn't for you meddling memers and your damn frog!"#CNNMemeWar pic.twitter.com/dySNz9OamK — The Columbia Bugle (@ColumbiaBugle) July 8, 2017
The Silver Fox paying their respects. #CNNMemeWar pic.twitter.com/COZRDTJMg3 — The Columbia Bugle (@ColumbiaBugle) July 8, 2017
CNN is taking a beating. Will they apologize? #CNNMemeWar pic.twitter.com/mZQove3Rty — Democrats for Trump (@YoungDems4Trump) July 8, 2017
Follow on Twitter @ZeroPointNow § Subscribe to our YouTube channel
Slack has announced a new feature called Threads, aimed at taking the clutter out of public channels. At first, you might think that Direct Messages already covered that, but it's not so.
At Premium Minds, we switched from HipChat to Slack in the summer of 2016. There was much wailing and gnashing of teeth, but I was among those who loved the switch. One of the things I liked the most was the overall spirit of openness — the bias towards public channels instead of private ones, the fact that there is no channel administrator (giving everyone the power and responsibility of inviting people into the channels), etc. (Oh, and emoji reactions too, of course. 👌)
As a Product Owner within a team working on multiple products (each with lots of diversity), I like to take advantage of that openness to improve how the team shares a common vision and knowledge of what's happening, of where the product and the team are heading. For that reason, for communication within the team (even if one to one) that both:
doesn't need immediate (urgent) attention, but can't also wait for hours or days; and may impact (part of) the team (for instance, clarification on a user story);
I'm in favor of using the team's Slack channel — with an @ mention if need be. That's what I use when I need to communicate with the rest of the team, and that's how I prefer to be reached out in this situation.
Why Slack? Because it's asynchronous, and has zero ambient noise (open space office, anyone?). Having a developer background, I understand the value of being in the zone (and covet it for myself too). If you work with a remote/distributed team, the reasons are different, but obvious. In my case, the team is not 100% co-located, so it's a mix of both sets of reasons.
Because it's asynchronous, and has zero ambient noise (open space office, anyone?). Having a developer background, I understand the value of being in the zone (and covet it for myself too). If you work with a remote/distributed team, the reasons are different, but obvious. In my case, the team is not 100% co-located, so it's a mix of both sets of reasons. Why not a Direct Message? Because both sides of the conversation are of interest to the whole team. Maybe a teammate is asking a question that denotes they might use the help of another team member. Maybe it's question for which the answer is valuable. Maybe it's something someone else would end up asking again later. This way, all the context is in plain sight and are searchable by anyone.
There are hurdles for this to become the norm, though. One of them is when multiple of these interactions are happening and/or one of them generates a little more follow-up than only an answer to a question — the channel becomes noisy. When the channel becomes noisy, people start paying less attention to what's happening there and/or resorting to Direct Messages.
The Threads feature Slack now introduces brings a very interesting middle ground to this. A longer debate can be taken aside without being taken to private. Everyone can see the discussion is happening (or has happened) without it flooding the channel — they can take a sneak peek if they so want. Since this new feature includes the ability to bring messages from the thread back to the public arena of the channel, the team can then be exposed to the relevant outcome of the discussion without having to see the whole argument unfolding.
When coupling this with integrations, another potential use case comes to my mind: threads may trigger discussions that weren't happening. I can imagine a thread starting from a Jenkins build failing, or from a story transitioning states in your project management tool of choice (Jira, Trello, Asana, …).
Summing up: if you lead a team into a common goal and Slack is a relevant part of your team's communication, do default to using your team's channel instead of Direct Messages. The newly introduced Threads feature brings a great way of separating your discussions without losing the value of having all information and context openly available within the team. This is particularly stringent for remote/distributed teams.
Fafner in the Azure (Japanese: 蒼穹のファフナー, Hepburn: Sōkyū no Fafunā) is a 2004 Japanese mecha drama anime series produced by Xebec in collaboration with Starchild Records. It is directed by Nobuyoshi Habara and written by Yasuo Yamabe, Kazuki Yamanobe and Tow Ubukata (Le Chevalier D'Eon, Mardock Scramble) with character designs from Hisashi Hirai (Infinite Ryvius, s-CRY-ed, Gundam SEED, Gundam SEED Destiny, Linebarrels of Iron) and mecha designs by Naohiro Washio. It aired in TV Tokyo from July 4, 2004 to December 26, 2004 for 26 episodes.
The story focuses on a group of children who pilot the titular Fafners in an escalating war against giant aliens called Festum. The anime is subtitled Dead Aggressor. A television special subtitled RIGHT OF LEFT aired on December 29, 2005, a feature film subtitled HEAVEN AND EARTH had a theatrical release in Japan on December 25, 2010 and a sequel subtitled EXODUS, which aired in MBS and several stations on January 8, 2015. Another sequel subtited THE BEYOND will air in 2019. The series heavily borrow elements from Norse Mythology, referencing some of the terminology used.
Plot [ edit ]
Fafner in the Azure (2004) [ edit ]
At the beginning of the Fafner: Dead Aggressor story arch, much of the world has been destroyed by the Festum and the remote Japanese island of Tatsumiyajima (竜宮島, lit. Dragon Palace Island) has only remained unscathed by virtue of an advanced cloaking shield. The island's young people continue with their daily lives unaware of these events, but after many years of peace a lone Festum discovers Tatsumiya and attacks. The adults activate Tatsumiya's hidden defense systems and attempt to repel the attacker but to no avail. Many of them are killed by the Festum in a process of assimilation. In desperation, they order the deployment of a mecha called the Fafner Mark Elf, but its pilot is killed en route to the hangar. Left with no further options, they send a young boy named Kazuki Makabe as the replacement pilot assisted by Sōshi Minashiro from within the Siegfried System.
The Festum is destroyed, but with Tatsumiya Island's whereabouts exposed, the adults choose to relocate the island. Production is accelerated on additional Fafner units and more children are recruited to pilot them. It is also revealed that the cloaking was not meant to conceal Tatsumiya Island from only the Festum, but from the rest of humanity who would seek to use its technology in the greater war against them.
Fafner in the Azure: Right of Left (2005) [ edit ]
A prequel to the first series. Yumi Ikoma and Ryou Masaoka are children who have been selected to take part in a top secret mission, to be the pilots of the first Fafner combat units; the last chance of survival for the human race. The enemy is ruthless, remorseless and is able to read the minds of humans. Therefore, the details of this mission are kept a secret even from the personnel involved. The young pilots must use all their courage and faith in order to survive and complete their mission or the fate of humankind would be compromised.
Fafner in the Azure: Heaven and Earth (2010) [ edit ]
The year is 2148. Two years after the end of the original Fafner in the Azure TV series, Tatsumiya Island and its surviving residents have returned to some semblance of recovery. However, things have become desperate for our hero, Kazuki; nearly blind now, and partially crippled from their battles with the Festum two years earlier, they cling to the promise their fallen friend Sōshi made to them to return to the island and set things right again. Kazuki's hopes flare when a lifeform is detected within an unmanned submarine that comes floating into Tatsumiya Bay one night, but the person aboard isn't Sōshi; it is a mysterious "boy" named Misao Kurusu who may not be entirely human, and who claims to have been sent by Sōshi. With Misao's arrival, hostilities break out anew between the Human Army and the Festum, and the Fafner pilots are thrown into the most desperate battle of their lives - this time, with the fate of TWO races riding on their shoulders.
Fafner in the Azure: Exodus (2015) [ edit ]
2150 A.D. The fight against the Festum, a silicon-based alien lifeform that destroyed much of the world, enters a new phase. The first Azure Operation crushed the Artic Mir, scattering its pieces around the world. Soon those fragments began to act of their own volition. While the majority of the Mir wage war, embracing a hatred for humankind, some of the Festum chose to co-exist with humanity. There were humans who also thought it was possible. Mankind and the Festum, co-existing. The concept questioned the very reason for the war, giving birth to even more hatred. This is no longer simply a fight between humans and the Festum.
Under such circumstances, Tatsumiya Island disappeared from the front lines, going silent. Through the encounter with Misao Kurusu two years ago, the island had a means to converse with the Mir. It gave the island a unique capability. The children of ALVIS, prepared for battle, sought a way to better understand the enemy.
And now, a new chapter is about to begin on the island. A girl who understands the Festum language. A girl the Festum protected. When the two meet, they will open the door to a new world...
Media [ edit ]
Anime [ edit ]
The series features two pieces of theme music and one insert theme. angela performed the opening theme entitled "Shangri-La", the insert theme "Proof" in episode 15, and the ending theme "Separation". Sōkyū no Fafner: RIGHT OF LEFT, a 50-minute prequel special to the television series, aired on December 29, 2005. The ending theme "Peace of Mind" for the special was also performed by angela. The TV series was originally licensed by Geneon under the shortened title, Fafner, but has since been out of print.[2] The series is set make its North American television debut on the Funimation Channel on October 29, 2012.[3]
A film, titled Fafner in the Azure: Dead Aggressor: Heaven and Earth premiered in Japan on December 25, 2010. Once again, angela performed all theme songs (image, opening and insert) for the film. "FORTUNES" and "Rikai to Hakai e no Prelude (Prelude to Comprehension and Destruction)" are used as image theme song for the movie. "Sōkyū (Azure)" is used as ending theme and "Sayonara no Toki Kurai Hohoen de (At Least, Smile When We Are Saying Goodbye)" is used as insert theme for the movie.
A twitvideo post from lead vocalist Atsuko announced that a sequel to the Fafner in the Azure series has been green-lit for production. The announcement was originally made at the live streaming event, Soukyuu Sakusen, which was for the film. The sequel, titled, Fafner in the Azure: Dead Aggressor -EXODUS-, was released in 2015.[4][5] It takes place two and a half years after Heaven and Earth. A sequel, titled Fafner in the Azure: The Beyond, was announced at the Sōkyū no Fafner Soshi Minashiro Birthday Festival in Yokohama in December 29, 2016.[6] A teaser trailer of the sequel was officially streamed on January 6, 2017.[7] A teaser trailer of the sequel was officially streamed on January 6, 2017.[8] Staff from the previous series are working on the production. The series was later confirmed to be a 12-episode anime series, with the first three episodes getting a theatrical release on May 17, 2019.[9][10]
At New York Anime Festival/New York Comic Con 2011, Funimation Entertainment had announced that both the TV series and film were licensed, and they were released on DVD and Blu-ray in 2012.[11]
Light novel [ edit ]
A novelization of the series was written by Tow Ubukata, and featured illustrations by Hisashi Hirai. It was published in English by Digital Manga Publishing.
Manga [ edit ]
Two manga adaptations of the Fafner in the Azure story have been released and they both share the same title as the TV series.
The first one is illustrated by Mikami Akitsu. It ran in Dengeki Daioh magazine from July 4, 2004 to December 26, 2004 and was collected into two tankōbon volumes by MediaWorks. Digital Manga Publishing licensed this manga for release in North America and published the volumes on July 7, 2010 and April 30, 2011.
The second one is illustrated by Tomomi Matsushita. It's currently being serialized in Kodansha's Monthly Shōnen Sirius magazine. As of November 2015, it has been collected into three tankōbon volumes.
Music and Drama CD [ edit ]
Numerous soundtracks, drama CDs and character CDs have been released for the series.
Fafner features music composed by Tsuneyoshi Saito and performed by the Warsaw Philharmonic Orchestra.
Japanese band angela consistently write and perform all of Fafner's opening, insert and ending theme songs that achieve strong sales and popularity. They also released a Fafner tribute album titled "Yakusoku" (約束, lit. "Promise") on December 25, 2008, celebrating the series' fifth anniversary.
Video games [ edit ]
Fafner in the Azure was adapted into a video game released for the PlayStation Portable in early 2005. It follows the storyline of the first season almost directly with two bonus missions and also features new weapons such as the dimension gun. It offers a unique style of gameplay being a 3-Dimensional, real-time Role-Playing-Game (RPG).
In 2009, the series made its debut into the long-running Super Robot Wars series as a part of Super Robot Wars K for the Nintendo DS. It returned in 2013 in Super Robot Wars UX for the Nintendo 3DS, which also marks the debut of the series' movie sequel, Heaven and Earth.
See also [ edit ]
Fafnir - a character in Norse Mythology who turns themselves into a dragon to protect its treasure.
Fenrir - a monstrous wolf in Norse Mythology who is foretold to kill the god Odin during the events of Ragnarök.
Mjölnir - Hammer of the god Thor, one of the most fearsome weapons in Norse Mythology.
^ During production of The Beyond, Xebec was sold to Sunrise, and Xebec Zwei was transferred to Production I.G and renamed IG Zwei
Florida voters are poised to make some patients in the state users of medical marijuana. So far, 25 states and the District of Columbia have legalized medical marijuana while three states and D.C. have legalized marijuana for recreational use. Besides Florida, Missouri and Arkansas will also have medical marijuana legalization on the ballot in November.
More than 60% of Floridians must vote to support Florida Amendment 2 to legalize medical marijuana in the state constitution. Polling has found a high percentage of voters favor medical marijuana.
Florida already allows use of cannabidiol, or CBD, a compound found in marijuana that is favored for pain and anxiety relief without the psychoactive effects of THC. Earlier this year, the state passed legislation allowing people who are terminally ill to use medical cannabis.
Debate over Florida Amendment 2 centers around the need for medical marijuana and whether the proposal is a gateway to recreational legalization of cannabis.
Here's what you need to know about this year's amendment:
The amendment would allow doctors to send patients to state-regulated dispensaries to pick up marijuana for a medical condition, like cancer, epilepsy or PTSD.
Joe Raedle/Getty Images Florida Attorney General candidate Jim Lewis, who ran on a platform of legalizing marijuana, holds a sign during a campaign rally on October 12, 2010 in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
What the amendment does
A doctor recommending a patient take marijuana would not technically be a prescription, as cannabis is still classified as Schedule I — drugs that are considered highly addictive with no medical use — under federal law. Because of that classification, a doctor could lose their license if they prescribe marijuana.
The amendment could set up thousands of medical dispensaries around Florida. Some dispensaries already exists because of a 2014 Florida law that allows doctors to give patients a low-THC forms of cannabis called "Charlotte's Web."
The case for the amendment...
Proponents of Florida Amendment 2 say research proves marijuana helps patients who suffer from a wide range of medical diseases and conditions. "Cocaine, morphine and methamphetamine may all be legally administered to patients — so why not marijuana," United for Care, the group backing the amendment, says on its website.
This is not the first time Florida residents have voted on medical marijuana legalization. In 2014, a similar amendment narrowly failed to reach 60% of the vote needed to pass. This year, the amendment more clearly defines what medical conditions will be covered and requires parental consent for use of marijuana by minors.
...and the case against
Some Florida doctors have said they do not see a medical value to cannabis. The Florida Medical Association opposes the amendment. Others worry medical marijuana is a pathway to legalization. "As a physician, I don't want medical marijuana to be the lead-in to a legalization of marijuana," a Florida doctor told local television station WBBH.
Israeli naval forces have boarded two boats carrying pro-Palestinian activists bound for the Gaza Strip, foiling the latest attempt to break the four-year Israeli blockade of the territory.
The Canadian vessel Tahrir and the Irish boat MV Saoirse were in international waters, between 40 and 60 miles (64-96kms) from the coast, when they were intercepted on Friday, according to the Israeli military.
Al Jazeera's Casey Kauffman, reporting from aboard the Tahrir, earlier said three Israeli warships had contacted the boat's captain and were approaching it.
The boat, then 80kms off the coast, had continued towards the Gaza Strip with the warships in pursuit, our correspondent said.
The Israeli military said the two vessels, carrying supplies and 27 people, were boarded peacefully after numerous calls to the activists to turn around.
"Following their unwillingness to co-operate, and after ignoring calls to divert to the port of Ashdod, the decision was made to board the vessels and lead them there," the military said in a statement.
In a press release issued by organisers shortly after they said they had lost contact with the two boats, David Heap, a member of the steering committee on board the Tahrir, said the fact the boats had reached international waters was a "victory for the movement".
Both vessels were part of previous attempts to break the siege on the Gaza Strip that was stalled when the Greek government refused to let a flotilla leave from its shores in July this year.
"We are closer to Gaza this time, and hope to get even closer the next time, until we reach our destination," said Heap.
"Despite economic blackmail, despite the previous outsourcing of the blockade to Greece, and despite Israel mobilising a significant portion of its navy to stop us, we are now even closer to reaching Gaza and breaking the blockade."
'Freedom waves'
The activists said the latest attempt to break the siege was part of a campaign they call "freedom waves", implying that more such efforts will follow.
Upon arrival in Ashdod, the activists would be transferred to the custody of the Israeli police and immigration authorities, the military statement said.
Reporting from the port of Ashdod, Al Jazeera's Nicole Johnston noted Friday's events as "another failed attempt for the season of flotillas to Gaza.
"This attempt was a lot quiter. It left on Wednesday from Turkey. There was no great fanfare with it but again it didn't succeed in getting past the Israeli navy, and achieving its aim which was to symbolically break this four-year siege on Gaza," they said.
The two vessels left the port of Fethiye in southwest Turkey on Wednesday after Turkish authorities gave them permission to sail to the Greek island of Rhodes.
Early on Thursday morning, Al Jazeera's Kauffman reported that the activists viewed their attempt more as an expression of solidarity with besieged Gazans rather than an attempt to deliver aid.
Freedom Waves
"It will still bring attention to the situation in Gaza, and the blockade of the Gaza Strip," they said.
Sailing under the flag of the Comoros Islands, the Tahrir was carrying six activists, a captain and five journalists, including Al Jazeera's Kauffman.
The Saoirse - sailing under the US flag but carrying mostly Irish nationals - has 15 passengers on board, none of whom were journalists.
Heap told Al Jazeera that the activists chose to leave from Fethiye because of the strained relations between Turkey and Israel.
"The Turkish government has been creating more distance from Israel diplomatically and we know there is support from Turkish society for what we are doing.
"Our judgment was that the Turkish state would not interfere with us if we didn't make too much of a public issue of our plan to depart from there," Heap told Al Jazeera.
BROOKLINE, N.H. (CBS) – When things went awry on Angelique Arsenault's wedding day, the bride decided to take matters into their own hands.
Arsenault, a Brookline, New Hampshire resident, says their limo got a flat tire on the way to their venue in Milford.
“It didn't even seem real at the time, but it happened,” Angelique told WBZ-TV.
Angelique had waited 11 years to marry their groom, but on a breathtaking Saturday afternoon, they quickly realized they were going to have to wait longer, because on the way to the ceremony, just five minutes from their house, the limo carrying their bridesmaids and family abruptly pulled over.
“The limo driver gets out of the car, I'm like, ‘it's fine. Maybe they just hit something,'” recalled Katie Queen, the maid of honor. “He gets back in, opens up the back window, and says, ‘you've a flat tire.'”
The champagne helped.
“We just laughed about it,” Angelique said.
Russell Hill Road in Brookline, New Hampshire isn't exactly well-traveled.
“We actually had cars driving by us and they just took pictures and left and then finally someone actually stopped to see if we needed a ride,” Angelique said.
The driver who stopped was a man named Jay. They had a car full of kids but they were determined to help. So they dropped them off, returned, and asked the bride, “where to?”
They declined an on camera interview, but said they were just happy to help.
The Mile Away venue wasn't a mile away. It was seven rural miles away, where Jarrod Dunning was patiently waiting and worrying.
Thirty minutes late, Angelique and their bridal party arrived.
Now on their honeymoon, they realize Jay didn't just save their big day, they were the punctuation. “It pretty much made the whole day,” Angelique said. “Everyone was laughing all night about it. It's going to be a story we'll remember forever.”
Many of us today know someone who has been seriously injured or killed by a drunk driver. In fact, drunk driving took more than 10,000 American lives in 2013, accounting for nearly one-third of all traffic related deaths in the U.S., according to data from the CDC.
A young man from Wichita Falls has come up with something that can help minimize the lives lost to drunk driving. Business Insider's Tanya Lewis recently reported on a local teen who's invented a device that can detect when someone's had a few too many, or perhaps something else that impairs their senses, just by looking into their eyes.
13 year-old Krishna Reddy is competing in the Discovery Education 3M Young Scientist Challenge for the title of ‘America's Top Young Scientist'. The winner also receives a top prize of $25,000. The finals will take place on October 12 and 13 and will be streamed live by Discovery Channel.
Reddy's device is made simply from a toilet paper roll, a flexible shaft flashlight and a digital camera. According to the Business Insider article as published by Yahoo Finance , the flashlight is held up to the eye, and the toilet roll directs the light onto the pupil. The digital camera is used to take video of the pupil as it contracts. Using a software program Reddy wrote, the reactions of the pupil are measured and analyzed when the light is shone into the eye.
The device can not only detect if someone has had too much to drink, but also whether they are under the influence of a variety of drugs, both legal and illegal. In the short video below, Reddy explains their project and why it's so important. Not your typical 13 year-old for sure.
The pressure is growing on the Wynne government to tackle chronic overcrowding in the province's hospitals after repeated revelations about patients being cared for in hallways and lounge areas.
On Thursday, for the fourth straight day, the NDP will make public new figures about hospitals operating at overcapacity earlier this year. The New Democrats obtained the hospital statistics through Freedom of Information requests.
The revelations included:
As many as 97 beds at Toronto's brand new Humber River Hospital in what the administration calls "unconventional spaces."
Acute-care occupancy rates above 100 per cent in every month from January to May at both Brampton Civic and Etobicoke General hospitals.
The Tillsonburg Hospital operated at 112 per cent to 123 per cent of capacity during the first five months of 2017.
"Our hospital system is in crisis," said NDP health critic France Gélinas in an interview with CBC News on Wednesday. "I have gone to see those hospitals and you see the stretchers everywhere. There isn't a TV room, a patient lounge or a hallway that doesn't have an extra bed."
Ontario NDP health critic France Gélinas. (CBC)
The overcrowding "puts everybody in the hospital at risk and those risks are serious," said Gélinas. "It has the possibility to have drastic impact on the quality of care. It needs to be addressed."
On Thursday, the NDP will release figures from Lakeridge Health showing there were more mental health patients than beds at its Oshawa hospital every month from January to May this year, and more acute care patients than beds at its Ajax-Pickering location in January.
"The vast majority of hospitals across this province are below and often substantially below capacity," Health Minister Eric Hoskins said Wednesday during Question Period.
A key factor in the overcrowding is that one out of every six beds in Ontario hospitals is currently occupied by a patient who no longer needs acute care, according to Health Ministry figures. That's some 3,000 patients, many of them waiting for space in a nursing home, or adequate home care. The system officially labels them "alternate level of care" (ALC) patients but sometimes refers to them as "bed-blockers."
'The vast majority of hospitals across this province are below and often substantially below capacity,' Health Minister Eric Hoskins said Wednesday during Question Period.
The Wynne government has allocated $21 million ​this year to what the Health Ministry describes as "short-term transitional care models" to tackle the bed-blocking problem. The province asked its regional health networks for proposals back in May. Although Hoskins has signalled some announcements will be coming soon, they have not indicated how many beds the funding would free up.
Ontario's annual hospital budget is $18 billion.
CBC News revealed last week that the government is considering a plan to create 150 transition beds in the old Finch Avenue location of Humber River Hospital to help relieve overcrowding in GTA health centres..
The alternate level of care problem has been an issue in Ontario hospitals for years, but has now reached "an all-time high," says a recent post by members of the Queen's University Health Policy Council.
"If patients keep coming in increasing numbers and nothing is done about their ALC patients, hospitals will need a significant cash infusion very soon," says the post on the Queen's School of Policy Studies blog. "It is crucial that new investments be targeted at 'anti-gridlock' initiatives."
Two of the authors of the post are Don Drummond, who led the Commission on the Reform of Ontario's Public Services in 2012, and Dr. David Walker, who wrote a report to the health minister on the alternate level of care issue in 2011. Both reports urged the government to reduce the number of bed-blocking patients, with such recommendations as investing more in home care.
Stunna
Offline
Activity: 2170
Merit: 1080
Advisor @ Primedice.com, Stake.com
LegendaryActivity: 2170Merit: 1080Advisor @ Primedice.com, Stake.com
Re: [Bounty] 59 BTB and 25% of transaction fees for the first month. May 07, 2013, 06:00:31 AM #4 Quote from: Boelens on May 06, 2013, 07:56:55 PM Quote from: TruCoin on May 06, 2013, 05:35:45 PM Need Coder or Team of coders to set up automated exchange like BTC-E but for BitBar to Ltc and BTC . This team will most likely get bonus to add alt-coins at a later date but we have to start with just exchanging BTC & LTC as soon as eveything is all set up you will also get 25% of transaction fees for the first month.. The domain to install the platform to will be BitBars.net
This is horrible, the bount yis okay, but the payment is horrible, and what would you do instead of taking the credit?
This is horrible, the bount yis okay, but the payment is horrible, and what would you do instead of taking the credit?
To be fair they would be fronting a decently significant risk. Also marketing is the key to success for any new exchange at this point. To be fair they would be fronting a decently significant risk. Also marketing is the key to success for any new exchange at this point.
KRAMER KNVES If you're curious to get the skinny on Kramer's latest auction or learn more about the man and their work, check out If you're curious to get the skinny on Kramer's latest auction or learn more about the man and their work, check out Kramer Knives post haste. (You can register and explore without having to enter the auction.)
gone! Kramer Knives just auctioned off another one of Bob's beauties the other night—a 10-inch European style chef knife. In case you're a newbie to the world of custom-made kitchen knives, Bob Kramer's been one of its most distinguished and apostles for the past decade or so. Ever since they became a Master Bladesmith (a subject unto itself) and hung out their shingle in the green Northwest as a most passionate and gifted knife maker.
This custom chef knife came with a serious pedigree, having been purposely created for display in the American Craft Show in LA a few months back. Wow. I don't know about you, but the (what Bob dubs) “pulse mosaic” Damascus pattern banged into the blade sort of made me gasp the first time I saw it. Is this a knife? This pulse mosaic is only one of a number of patterns Kramer fuses into their damascene blades—all achieved through layering two or more slightly different types of steel, then pounding, folding, and pounding some more, until they are one gorgeous mélange of swirling metal. (The handle is made of dyed big-leaf maple which is one of a handful of woods Bob deems worthy for knifemaking.)
The thing is—not only is this knife a work of art, but it works. It belongs in the elite cadre of some of the most wicked (and resilient) kitchen cutting machines on the planet. It will slice through 1-inch thick braided rope with a single thwack. It will hack through not one, but two, two-by-fours, without chipping or bending, and after all that, still shave the hair off your arm. I am not exaggerating. Beauty and functionality in one body. Not that anybody will probably ever use it to cut a single carrot. But that's OK. It's awe-inspiring to know that the cutting power is still there.
And finally. . .the answer to the question you had from the top of this article. . .what did it go for? A cool $32,200. (Yes, you saw that right.) Sure, that's a bit rarified, but Kramer's now a celeb, and this knife is not their standard fair. It's entered into the status of objet d'art. (Plus, if it makes you feel any better, ten percent of the sale is donated to a very worthy charity.) Bob still custom forges plenty of other Kramer knives that go for a mere six grand, which is still a lot, but at least not the price of a car.
Now . . . if you want to drop down out of the stratosphere and find something quite a bit more affordable, you should consider Kramer's factory-made model, designed in league with Henckels. At a measly $300 (everything's relative, isn't it?), it feels like a steal. Yet it has many of the same features and styling of its arty cousin—high quality steel; thin, but extra-wide blade; perfect balance—and, believe it or not, it should be just about as sharp. My favorite professional sharpening service swears it's “the best knife in the world.” Maybe a blast of intentional hype—but I think there's something behind it. For the serious aficionado, it's worth a serious look.
P.S. If you'd like more details on the Kramer knives made with Henckels, see my article Bob Kramer Knives — Why Spend $300 on a Chef Knife?
For more tips on kitchen knives, check out my latest interview on Cilantro.com.
Shane van Gisbergen's phenomenal season may not end with the Sydney Supercars finale as McLaren angles to secure the star for the following weekend's Sepang 12 Hours.
McLaren GT boss Andrew Kirkaldy has confirmed to Speedcafe.com that the British marque is keen to field the driver in its single entry for the December 10 event.
Kirkaldy is waiting on clearance from Van Gisbergen's Supercars team Triple Eight, which would see the driver fly out just days after potentially claiming a maiden Supercars title.
Sepang is the last round of the three-event Intercontinental GT Challenge that also includes the Bathurst 12 Hour and 24 Hours of Spa.
Van Gisbergen sits second in the Intercontinental drivers' standings on 27 points, six behind Audi factory driver Laurens Vanthoor.
This year has already seen Van Gisbergen win the Bathurst 12 Hour and Blancpain Endurance Series in McLarens as well as taking the Supercars Pirtek Enduro Cup with Triple Eight.
“That's the plan, if we can,” Kirkaldy told Speedcafe.com of running Van Gisbergen at Sepang.
“We've spoken about it but we need to agree between Shane, us and their team (Triple Eight).
“He doesn't seem to think there will be an issue (with commitments after Sydney), but it's not for us to decide.
“It would be nice to have him, but I can't say whether they are or they aren't driving at the moment.”
According to Kirkaldy, none of the three drivers for the K-Pax run McLaren are currently confirmed, although Van Gisbergen's fellow 2016 Bathurst 12 Hour winner Alvaro Parente is another likely starter.
“Once we know what's happening with Shane we'll decide who the other two drivers are,” said Kirkaldy.
Scotsman Kirkaldy meanwhile expressed disappointment that two clashes between the Blancpain Series and Supercars calendars will deny Van Gisbergen a chance at defending their title in 2017.
Van Gisbergen had run four of the five Blancpain Endurance Series rounds in each of the last two seasons, where only one clash had occurred.
“We will run them any time we can, but I doubt next year,” said Kirkaldy.
“I am amazed to be honest that Supercars don't look at that because I feel they got good coverage out of Shane running in Europe.
“It seems strange that they can't miss the Spa 24 Hours or the Le Mans 24 Hours.”
A successful nuclear deal with Iran could mean an expanded Iranian role in blocking Islamic State advances in Iraq and Syria, but the potential U.S.-Iran cooperation alarms Israel and Saudi Arabia which may explain President Obama's silence on the topic, examined by Flynt and Hillary Mann Leverett.
By Flynt Leverett and Hillary Mann Leverett
The Iran nuclear talks may be getting close to some sort of conclusion in Vienna, but American political and policy elites remain, to an appallingly large extent, clueless as to what is really at stake in the negotiations. (This was a significant theme in Hillary's appearance on CNN, see them e, and in Flynt's appearance on CNBC, see here , to discuss the Vienna talks.)
And, while the headline from a recent NBC News poll notes that Americans favor an Iran nuclear deal by a “2 to 1” margin, in fact, the polls shows that a plurality of Americans say they don't know what to think about a possible Iran nuclear deal.
These observations underscore a point that we have been making for some time: President Barack Obama has yet to make the case to their fellow Americans for why an Iran nuclear deal, and, beyond that, a potential realignment of U.S. relations with the Islamic Republic, is not just profoundly in American interests, but is strategically imperative for the United States.
This failure will almost certainly make it more difficult for Obama (and their successor) to implement a deal. Furthermore, this failure will severely circumscribe the strategic benefits that the United States can accrue from a deal.
At the moment, many American elites convey particular distress over the Obama administration's inability simply to dictate the terms of a prospective United Nations Security Council resolution that would endorse a final nuclear agreement and, to help implement such an agreement, remove international sanctions previously authorized by the Council against the Islamic Republic.
In its approach to drafting a new Security Council resolution, the Obama administration has been demanding that previously authorized limits on exports of conventional weapons and missile-related technology remain in place. Iran, for its part, resists any text that would imply its “acceptance” of continuing international sanctions. Moreover, Russia and China are not going along.
Likewise, Moscow and Beijing have rejected the Obama administration's demand that UN sanctions be lifted only for six months at a time, subject to renewal, renewal which the United States, on its own, could veto, thus realizing U.S. ambitions to be able to “snap” sanctions back into place without being blocked by Russia and China.
That the Obama administration has been pushing these positions reveals much of what is so fundamentally wrong with the U.S. approach to diplomacy with Iran. As Flynt pointed out on CNBC, “This was an approach that not only were the Iranians going to object to it, but I don't think the administration ever had a serious chance of getting consensus within the P5+1, among the permanent members of the Security Council. It was foolish, really, for the administration to take those positions on those issues.”
Yet these are the positions the administration took, and now it must either find a way to walk back from them or (foolishly) embrace a diplomatic impasse. Of course, this reflects weakness on Obama's part, but not the sort of weakness for which neoconservatives and others constantly lambaste him.
As Hillary noted on CNN, “We have tried [the interventionists'] version of strength,invading Iraq; invading Libya; occupying Afghanistan for more than a decade; arming, training, and funding various jihadis in Syria and all across the Middle East. And all it has brought us is damage to ourselves.
“The real strength would be, just like Nixon and Kissinger went to China and accepted the People's Republic of China, we need to go to Tehran, as we wrote in our book, and make our peace with Iran. It will help us. It will resurrect our position in the Middle East and around the world. And if we don't, we will see ourselves continue to flail across the Middle East and around the world
“The Islamic Republic of Iran is here to stay, like the People's Republic of China. What we need to recognize is that rising Iran, just like rising China, is a strong, independent power. And we need to work with them, not constantly try to bring them down and align with other countries like Saudi Arabia that get us into strategic disaster after strategic disaster.”
But that is precisely what Obama has been unwilling to do. Could the United States still “walk away” from the process?
As Hillary said on CNN, “A decision by the United States to ‘walk away,' to cut off talks with Iran would be just as strategically damaging, if not more so, to the United States than the decision to invade Iraq. It would have enormously devastating consequences for the United States in the Middle East, keep us on a trajectory to get into one never-ending, unwinnable war after another. And it would have repercussions for us globally, in economic terms and military terms.”
Analysis BSides, Black Hat, DEF CON... For the last six days, Las Vegas has been home to the top brains in the computer security industry and the business menagerie that follows them – causing some panic among locals.
We've seen the pathetic state of the US electronic voting system exposed, claims of advanced eavesdropping at the Standing Rock camps and elsewhere, killer car washes and the awards for this year's biggest blunders and best research. But there's a lot going on at the edges of the shows that gets missed.
Hacker Jeff Moss kicked the whole conference season off in 1993 with a few hotel suites booked in Vegas where they and their mates would code and party. It has grown into one of the most popular hacking events out there and this year was DEF CON's biggest show ever.
Black Hat was established five years later as a commercial offshoot. It involves days of training before the main show, a day of CIO-level briefings with no press allowed, and then a two-day jamboree with as many as eight tracks of talks running concurrently. Alex Stamos, chief security officer for Facebook, kicked off the opening keynote and it looked more like a rock concert than a technology conference.
This is a security conference, not a rock venue. Is Black Hat getting too big? pic.twitter.com/sNbJTw4vRt — Iain Thomson (@iainthomson) July 26, 2017
"When I brought my girlfriend – now my wife – to the first Black Hat 20 years ago, it was because we were hacking the Man," Stamos joked. "Now, we are the Man."
DEF CON is even more complex. While the show only has four main keynote tracks, there are a plethora of other briefings. The hardware hacking talks are well worth it, the social engineering village is fascinating if unsettling, and there is a phenomenal amount of smaller training sessions dotted around the venue, not to mention informal meet, greet and share hacking talks.
Some of these sessions we'll be reporting on later in the year, when fixes have been found and papers peer-reviewed. But here's a roundup of the best hacks that weren't covered on the day.
Mobile madness
Considering how much of our lives is tied to the things these days, mobile phone hacking is a focus for many, and Chinese giant 360 Technology detailed a disturbingly easy way to hijack phones because of lousy network security.
The firm's Unicorn Team pulled off what they called the Ghost Telephonist attack by intercepting the signals between a smartphone and a cell tower. When phones link to a new tower, they send an ID code to ensure connection, but the team found that when phones switch from a 4G to a 2G connection this authentication code is skipped.
Youtube Video
By intercepting a signal at the point when it switched network, using an aerial-equipped laptop, an attacker could send texts and take calls from the hacked phone. They could also log onto a Facebook account using the stolen phone's credentials and get a password reset sent to their devices.
The Unicorn Team are now working with operators to fix this issue and that should disable the attack. But, based on other research, telcos are already going to have more problems on their hands with 3G and 4G communications.
Tracking
Research by Ravishankar Borgaonkar and Lucca Hirschi has found a cryptographic flaw in the authentication system used to connect a 3G or 4G phone to a network. While the flaw doesn't allow the content of calls or messages to be read, it does allow for pinpointing of mobile phone users and provides records of how long they are online.
The flaw also turns out to be very easy to exploit. The team spent just $1,500 on its surveillance system and it's clear that police forces around the world would be willing to pay that – considering that they already use Stingray cellphone targeters in the US, and locally produced equivalents overseas.
But the real doozy of a flaw was Broadpwn, a now-patched remote exploit that left over one billion smartphones open to a worm infection that could have built one of the largest botnets, according to its discoverer Nitay Artenstein of Exodus Intelligence.
Broadpwn stems from a serious flaw in Broadcom's BCM43xx family of Wi-Fi chipsets that would allow malware to install itself on a device's firmware. It could then ping out to other vulnerable devices in range and create a cascade of infections.
Broadcom is one of the biggest suppliers of chipsets to the smartphone industry and the vulnerability is found in every iPhone since its fifth version, Samsung handsets from the S3 to the S8 and all Samsung Note 3s, as well as Google's Nexus 5, 6, 6X and 6P.
Fentanyl is a synthetic opioid that is quickly becoming a major contributor to the U.S. addiction crisis. Here are the top things to know about the drug. (Amber Ferguson/The Washington Post)
Last summer, the Drug Enforcement Administration warned law enforcement across the country that fentanyl, the dangerously potent and often deadly synthetic opioid, could not only kill drug users but officers exposed to small amounts.
So like many cautious departments, police in East Liverpool, Ohio, began arming themselves with masks and gloves when processing drug-related crime scenes.
[‘This is unprecedented': 174 heroin overdoses in 6 days in Cincinnati]
And that's what Officer Chris Green did late Friday night when they responded to a traffic stop and found the driver and their car covered in a white powder, they told Morning Journal. But about an hour later, back at the police station, a colleague told Green they had something on their shirt.
Green, without thinking, brushed it off with their bare hand.
East Liverpool Police officer suffers fentanyl overdose from drug call https://t.co/6WKwC8LTFR pic.twitter.com/Fs9tzKAHAf — WKBN 27 First News (@WKBN) May 15, 2017
Within minutes, they fell to the floor.
“I started talking weird. I slowly felt my body shutting down. I could hear them talking, but I couldn't respond,” Green told Morning Journal. “I was in total shock. ‘No way I'm overdosing,' I thought.”
Paramedics were already on scene tending to Justin Buckle, 25, the driver of the car, and diverted their attention to Green. They gave them one dose of Narcan, an FDA-approved nasal spray version of a lifesaving medication called naloxone that can reverse the lethal effects of an opioid overdose.
Green was transferred to East Liverpool City Hospital and given three additional doses of Narcan, East Liverpool Police Capt. Patrick Wright told TV station WKBN.
“If they had been alone, they would have been dead,” Police Chief John Lane told Morning Journal. “That's how dangerous this stuff is.”
[Ohio city shares shocking photos of adults who overdosed with a small child in the car]
The accidental overdose was a grave reminder for East Liverpool and law enforcement that even the slightest exposure to drugs like fentanyl can be life-threatening.
“Think about this,” Lane told “Inside Edition.” “Nobody sees that on their shirt. They leaf and goes home, takes off that shirt, throws it in the wash. Their mom, their wife, their girlfriend goes in the laundry, touches the shirt — boom. They drop. They go home to their kid. ‘Daddy! Daddy!' They hug them — Boom. They drop. Their dog sniffs their shirt, it kills their dog. This could never end.”
Green had returned to work by Monday but was having headaches and chest pains, Lane told NBC News.
“He's lying on the couch,” Lane said. “He's still miserable.”
The incident rattled local officials enough that it became a topic of conversation at the city council meeting Monday night in East Liverpool, where Service-Safety Director Brian Allen called for legislation that would prevent anyone from entering a home where drugs like fentanyl or its more potent cousin, the elephant tranquilizer carfentanil, have been found, reported Morning Journal.
And in a Facebook post Monday, the city of East Liverpool called on state lawmakers to act.
“It's time our state government drafts legislation to protect our safety forces from these harmful drugs,” the city wrote. “Those in possession not only pose a risk to themselves but everyone they come into contact with as well.”
[Drugs are killing so many people in Ohio that cold-storage trailers are being used as morgues]
Fentanyl and carfentanil have been blamed in part for exacerbating America's deadly opioid epidemic. Drug dealers, in an attempt to stretch their supply and deliver a stronger, longer high, are cutting heroin with the two substances. Because both are odorless and colorless, it's almost impossible for authorities to immediately tell on scene what kind of heroin cocktails overdosing users have injected.
Fentanyl is said to be 50 to 100 times more potent than morphine, and carfentanil is 10,000 times stronger than morphine.
“It only takes one granule [of carfentanil] to kill an adult,” Lane told Morning Journal. “These people have no regard for anybody, not themselves, not the police, not their kids. Their priority is not about anything but that next high.”
[A 7-year-old told their bus driver they couldn't wake their parents. Police found them dead at home.]
Buckel and their passenger, 24-year-old Cortez Collins of Cleveland, were arrested Friday night after officers witnessed what they believed was a drug transaction. Officers boxed in the vehicle and found white powder scattered throughout the vehicle and on one of the suspects, police told WKBN.
The men said the substance was cocaine, but a field test came back negative and the men allegedly admitted it was fentanyl, reported “Inside Edition.” The white substance will be tested further in a lab.
Buckel and Collins were charged with tampering with evidence. Police told Morning Journal that additional felony assault charges are expected to be filed in the case.
East Liverpool made headlines in September 2016 when the city decided to share harrowing photos of a man and woman overdosing in their car with a toddler watching in the back seat.
“It is time that the non drug using public sees what we are now dealing with on a daily basis,” the city wrote in an accompanying Facebook post. “We feel we need to be a voice for the children caught up in this horrible mess.”
More from Morning Mix
Man dies after Las Vegas police use stun gun, neck grip to subdue them outside casino
Chicago's main jail went on lockdown with more than 200 workers absent on Mother's Day
Mass. school punishes twins for hair braid extensions. Their parents say it's racial discrimination.
Woman sues Confederate group, says a camel bit them at Jefferson Davis's old house
Buy Photo The former Seward Hotel as 59 Seward as it looks today. (Photo: Jessica J. Trevino, Detroit Free Press)Buy Photo
As Detroit's revitalization begins to spread from the greater downtown into the neighborhoods, squabbles over style and content of some new projects are bubbling up.
Just north of New Center, plans to remake the long-vacant Seward Hotel as subsidized rental housing have upset some nearby residents hoping for a more trendy boutique hotel.
And in the West Village district on the east side, plans to build an architecturally modernist townhouse project have nettled neighbors who hoped for a more traditional design to match the district's Tudor and Arts and Crafts look.
► Related: Vacant Detroit building had illustrious past as hotel
Such wrangling follows inevitably in the wake of progress, say many longtime observers of the Detroit scene. In some ways, the disputes seem unusual merely because Detroit's neighborhoods have lacked any new development — and the controversies that come with it — for so many years.
Buy Photo 69 Seward as it looks today. (Photo: Jessica J. Trevino, Detroit Free Press)
"These kinds of disputes are indeed very common in most places," said Margaret Dewar, a professor of urban planning at the University of Michigan. John Mogk, a longtime professor of development law at Wayne State University, agreed. "The development issues could be found in any gentrifying city at any time."
It's possible that the disagreements flaring in various neighborhoods reflect new expectations generated by the success of downtown and Midtown. This is often called the issue of two Detroits, one in the greater downtown that is upscale and mostly white, the other a mostly poor, mostly black city.
And it is possible that with recent gains made in the city — including a slowing of population losses and more investment by developers — some community leaders may want to guard against a gold rush mentality and better control what happens in their neighborhoods.
► Related: Detroit gets $5M grant for neighborhood redevelopment
Richard Hosey, a Detroit developer working on various projects in the city, said contentious debate over redevelopment plans signals something positive about where Detroit is now.
"Even the disagreements are healthy because it means both sides are actively engaged," they said. "There will be some disagreements, sometimes for good reasons and sometimes just over style and the like, but actively engaged people engaged in the discussion is a good thing overall." Ideally, they said, it "gives more people confidence that community engagement works."
The West Village spat
Residents of Detroit's West Village had a special neighborhood-wide meeting last month with developers of a planned $3.8-million, 12-unit townhouses and apartments complex to be called the Coe at West Village. It would be the area's first new residential construction in at least three decades when it opens next September.
Although few neighbors seemed outright opposed to any development, there were strong opinions about the building's aesthetic design. Some thought it was too much of a Midtown look while others were upset about the high $2,100-per-month rents expected for the eight townhouses, said Vassilis Jacobs, president of the West Village Association.
On the subject of rent, there was a mix of skepticism and fear that newcomers would be willing to pay so much to live in the neighborhood. Three of the four non-town house apartments will be set aside as affordable and likely much cheaper.
"A little bit of these gentrification issues are happening, but on a much smaller scale than Midtown and downtown," Jacobs said of the West Village issues. "When change comes of that nature, some people get a little shocked and have a lot of questions and concerns about it."
Seward Hotel spat
Plans to turn Detroit's once-grand but now-empty Seward Hotel into mostly subsidized apartments struck a nerve with some homeowners just north of New Center, who believe it's time more upscale residences also were developed around their neighborhood.
The $32-million project to renovate the old 11-story Seward Hotel at 59 Seward Ave., off Woodward, could get under way in a matter of weeks.
Detroit-based Shelborne Development plans 91 rental units of subsidized housing for seniors and perhaps an additional 20 market-rate apartments. The project is heavily dependent on federal tax credits available for lower-income housing projects and could not be built without them, said Kathy Makino-Leipsitz, a principal of the development company, which has renovated nearly 30 apartment buildings in the city.
One neighborhood leader claims Makino-Leipsitz originally promised a boutique hotel — not more affordable housing — for the building. The developer says a boutique hotel was never a real idea or possibility because the area can't yet support much else.
"Things are changing very rapidly now, but it just wasn't ready for it. The market study didn't show it was ready," Makino-Leipsitz told the Free Press. "I think they need to wait until the project is done. People will see what a beautiful addition it is to the neighborhood."
The former Seward Hotel, where Hank Greenberg once slept and Joe Louis used to eat, is on a block that has yet to experience the influx of newcomers and upward push in rents like in downtown, Midtown and, most recently, a few parts of New Center. Nearby are a mix of well-kept apartment buildings as well as vacant lots, a liquor store and a Burger King.
"I'm just trying to make a plan for the whole neighborhood," Makino-Leipsitz said. "It is easy to have people say terrible things when they really don't know what they're talking about."
Seward critics
Critics of 59 Seward include Jeff Cowin, president of the Virginia Park Block Club, who has spoken out against the project on Facebook and in a Fox 2 news interview and questioned developer Makino-Leipsitz's track record of maintaining their apartment buildings.
Cowin said they want a greater mix of market-rate residences in the building and worries about the developer's commitment to keeping up the property once it reopens. They believe the project, with Makino-Leipsitz behind it, is a poor use of government-sponsored development incentives that are funded with tax dollars.
Cowin accused them of misleading neighbors about their redevelopment plans at a block club meeting two years ago.
"Makino tells us they have no construction plans at the moment, but they would like to do a boutique hotel and market-rate apartments," Cowin said of the meeting. "The very next day we saw the public notice from (the Michigan State Housing Development Authority) that showed Kathy Makino had submitted their development plan for 59 Seward to be a low-income housing building."
Makino-Leipsitz strongly denies misleading Virginia Park residents as well as the claim they neglect them buildings.
"It's just not a true story," they said. "I told them I would have loved to do something like a boutique hotel, the neighborhood just wasn't ready for it. They twisted that around and said I lied to them — that I was going to do a boutique hotel."
They predicted their skeptics will quiet down once they see 59 Seward completed and again filled with people.
Mogk, the Wayne State professor, said the dispute shows how expectations have risen in some Detroit neighborhoods.
"The desire is probably to encourage gentrification, not to slow the process by building subsidized housing," they said. "The residents probably see the ripple effect from Midtown coming their way and want to capture it while they can."
In disrepair
The 59 Seward building stopped being a hotel decades ago and has been empty of tenants since 2009, when it closed under previous ownership and quickly fell into disrepair.
It then wound up in the Wayne County Treasurer's foreclosure auction for unpaid taxes in 2011. That is when a corporation controlled by Kara Makino — Makino-Leipsitz's daughter — bought the property for $63,100, records show.
Once the redevelopment gets under way, Makino-Leipsitz said they also plan to renovate the smaller vacantbuilding next door at 69 Seward into 22 new apartments — 17 considered affordable and five market rate.
Financed by government, tax-credit housing programs encourage the development of new lower-income housing by giving developers credits that investors can buy at a discounted rate, like 90 cents of cash for every $1 worth of tax reductions. Proceeds from the tax credit sale then go to the project.
For years, such programs were among the few ways to finance successful residential redevelopments in the city.
The Seward redevelopments will use the federal Low Income Housing Tax Credit program — totaling $26 million worth of tax credits over 10 years for 59 Seward, $5.1 million over a decade for the smaller 69 Seward.
The majority of the apartments in each building will therefore be reserved for tenants making no more than 40% to 60% of the region's median income. That means potential rents between $484 and $727 a month for one-bedroom, 863-square-foot apartments, according to project documents.
In addition to the 91 income-restricted apartments for those 55 and older, 59 Seward — to be renamed Wellington Square — could have about 20 additional market-rate apartments on the top two floors, Makino-Leipsitz said. However, those extra apartments could be office space instead, they said.
The building's neighbor, 69 Seward, recently renamed Bonita Lofts, was purchased for $35,000 in 2010 by Mark Leipsitz, who is Makino-Leipsitz's husband. Renovations could begin there early next year.
Not all of the neighborhood is opposed to income-restricted apartments on Seward. Strolling past the buildings on a recent morning, Lawrence Birchfield, 68, said they want to see more affordable senior units and would consider one for himself.
Lawrence Birchfield, 68, of Detroit is in favor of more affordable senior housing in the New Center area. (Photo: JC Reindl)
Birchfield's own rent recently went up 4% to $527 a month for a New Center-area apartment. They can still afford it, but is nervous about future rent hikes as the neighborhood changes.
"That is one of the things that's a concern for me," they said, "reasonable, affordable housing."
Seward buildings redevelopment:
59 Seward to become 91 "affordable" residences for those age 55+ and possibly 20 market-rate.
Affordable units reserved for those making a maximum 40% to 60% of the region's median income
That means rents between $484 and $727 a month for one-bedroom, 863-square-foot apartments.
Two bedroom units would rent between $582 and $873 per month.
69 Seward to become 17 "affordable" residences and five market-rate.
69 Seward would have no age restrictions
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2eHTpt0
“Fucked up” does not even begin to cover this story.
I'm not familiar with the Thai black metal band Surrender of Divinity, although I know Grim Kim is a fan; in any case, their 36-year-old vocalist, Samong Traisattha, was murdered last Wednesday, January 8, according to The Bangkok Post. The murderer is believed to be a fan named Prakarn Harnphanbusakorn, who Samong Traisattha's widow, Jaruvan Surapol, says came to the house Wednesday night “to have some shirts screen-printed and to have a drink.” They went to put their child to bed; when they came back to the living room, they found their husband lying on the floor, dead, in a pool of their own blood, and Prakarn gone.
And this would obviously be horrible in and of itself no matter what, but the story has an even more unsettling twist: while the police continue to search for Prakarn, a Facebook user calling themselves “Maleficent Meditation” is claiming credit for the murder, and authorities believe that it is, indeed, legitimate. The page includes some incredibly graphic photographs of Samong Traisattha's corpse, a description of how Prakarn stabbed Samong thirty times while the vocalist begged for their life, and an explanation as to their motive for the murder:
“I have intended to end my life since I was 25. Because I'll die eventually, I want to drag down those who tarnish Satanism with me. But I refrained from killing women and children…In my view, I have more respect for devoted Buddhists, Christians and Muslims than those who call themselves Satanists without knowing anything about it… If I did not kill him, I'm sure they would be murdered by someone else later… above all else, Satan is not a toy. Do not call yourself a Satanist if you do not believe in Satan!!!”
So, basically, this was a religious murder, no different from any other violent crime committed in the name of the believer's supreme deity of choice. What an incredible waste of life.
Those of you who would like to see the explicit photos of Samong's body can do so here and here… it should go without saying that they are NSFW, and not for the faint of heart.
[via Death Metal Underground… thanks to Turjo K. for the tip]
DNA evidence was first used to help solve crimes in 1986, but it didn't hit the main stage of the public's attention until it was used in OJ Simpson's murder trial in 1994. This relied on DNA fingerprinting, which is now commonly used in trials. One unfortunate flaw is that it requires a suspect - without a person to match it to, DNA evidence doesn't mean a whole lot.
The field of genetics has come a long way over the last few decades, so now could we actually use DNA found at a crime scene to locate the suspect, even without any leads? A new study led by Mark Shriver of Penn State has shown that rough 3D mugshots can be built from genetic samples by using a mere 24 genetic variants. The results have been published in the open access journal PLOS Genetics.
Human facial features rarely rely on just one allele. There are approximately 150 genes that affect skin, eye, and hair tones. Expression of the genes is influenced by several genetic and environmental factors including climate. However, a relatively small number of genetic variants can create a close approximation of a person's face.
Shriver's team collected genetic samples and high resolution photographs of 592 volunteers living in either the United States, Cape Verde, or Brazil who were of European or West African descent. After making a mesh from over 7,000 landmarks on the face, the team was able to compare shapes of facial features against one another.
Image credit: Shriver et al.
After the faces had been categorized, the team focused on identifying the genes that are involved with the embryonic development of those features. They identified the single nucleotide polymorphism (SNP) that varied in these genes. In all, they found 24 SNPs that spanned 20 genes which were most likely to determine face shape and features.
This isn't the first time that facial reconstruction has been attempted from genetic samples. In 2012, a group of researchers from the Netherlands analyzed DNA from over 10,000 Europeans and found SNPs that connected nine facial features, including eye width and the shape of cheekbones. Additionally, Kun Tang from the Shanghai Institutes for Biological Sciences has been able to identify 5 SNPs related to facial features which are unique from the ones discovered by Shriver's team. This research involved a scan that used over 30,000 data points per face, giving a much more detailed representation of the features.
In the future, Shriver is hoping to identify SNPs associated with hair texture and those influenced by gender. More volunteers of different ethnicities will be required to identify additional SNPs involved in the development of facial features. It is hoped that this technology could be used to help give police a better starting point when seeking suspects. Additionally, it could help identify unknown victims or be used by archeologists to get a better idea of what ancient people looked like throughout history.
Image credit: Shriver et al.
It's been another exciting week of baseball with many excellent pitches from around the league. You've been voting all week, now the top pitches battle for the crown of “Pitching GIF of the Week”. Who will win? Did we miss your favorite pitch? Send us a tweet next time @ThePitcherList and we'll GIF it up + give you a shoutout here in the article.
Noah Syndergaard‘s Fastball – While it wasn't the most dominant of performances from Thor, they escaped with their first road Win of the season with five innings on the hill. This 98 MPH Fastball down and away featured some hard ride and highlighted a nine strikeout evening.
Trevor Bauer's Fastball – I've watched this pitch roughly thirty times now, and I still can't fathom how Bauer gets this much horizontal ride on their 93 MPH Fastball. They worked on the pitch last off-season after seeing our famous GIF of Marcus Stroman's Fastball, and it has certainly paid off. Chase Headley could only stare and walk back to the dugout.
Drew Storen's Slider – Washington reliever Drew Storen has had themselves a monster year in the pen for the Nationals, and their Slider has earned a spot into this roundup in the past. They threw a filthy slide piece to Clint Barmes that disappears well off the plate for strike two. (Thanks to @celaskowski for the tip!)
Brad Brach's Changeup – The Orioles have seen some struggles as they fight for a playoff spot, but they pulled off the Win last night as Brach helped hold the lead late. This Changeup they threw to Lorenzo Cain had us confused why they hadn't been featured here before. (Thanks to Reddit user Expensive*********** for the tip!)
Nathan Eovaldi's Splitter – Eovaldi pitched one of their best games as a Yankee on Monday, silencing the Astros across eight innings. Increased velocity on their Splitter has been a catalyst for their success, and this one at 91 MPH was a beauty.
Yordano Ventura‘s Curveball – Ventura was straight dealing as they brought down 11 batters in just six innings of work, and their Curveball was public enemy #1. This may seem like an unassuming strikeout from a check swing until you realize this pitch was recorded at a blistering 89.97 MPH. Houston Astros pitcher Mike Fiers throws Fastballs slower than Ventura's Curveball. Just think about that. (Thanks to Reddit user g00dn1ghtm4r3 for the tip!)
Jake Arrieta‘s Slider – It's been another magical season for Arrieta, and they continued the trend on Tuesday as they allowed just a sole unearned run across six innings of work. They started strong and generated incredible late movement on this 91 MPH Slider to Matt Duffy in the first.
GIF Of The Week
Which was your favorite pitch? Vote below to crown the winner!
Wholesome Wave and Navajo Nation are collaborating to increase healthy food access in Navajo Nation. Wholesome Wave is a nonprofit with the mission to inspire “under-served consumers to make healthier food choices by increasing affordable access to fresh, local and regional food.” One of Wholesome Wave's programs is the Fruit and Vegetable Prescription Program (FVRx), in which healthcare providers prescribe fruits and vegetables to families in need. Navajo Nation, a Native American-governed territory that is comprised of portions of Utah, Arizona, and New Mexico, is one of the many communities nationwide implementing this FVRx program.
Food Tank had the opportunity to speak with four experts involved in the Wholesome Wave and Navajo Nation Partnership: Fiona McBride, Senior Associate of Communications and Public Outreach at Wholesome Wave; Amanda Morgan, Senior Program Manager of the FVRx Program at Wholesome Wave; Taylor Wilmot, Food Access Coordinator at the Community Outreach Patient Empowerment (COPE) Project in New Mexico; and Memarie Tsosie, Food Access Manager at Partners in Health, who works with with COPE and Navajo Nation.
Food Tank (FT): How was this partnership between Navajo Nation and Wholesome Wave created and what are its goals?
The Community Outreach Patient Empowerment (COPE) Project received a Racial and Ethnic Approaches to Community Health (REACH) grant from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to implement culturally appropriate programs within Navajo Nation to address health disparities. Navajo Nation teamed up with Wholesome Wave FVRx staff to implement the FVRx program model in Navajo Nation communities.
FT: Please explain how you are using Wholesome Wave's Fruit and Vegetable Prescription Program as a model and how it will help improve food insecurity. Are there other models you are using?
The FVRx program is just one of the projects implemented within the REACH grant. Outreach Coordinators and Clinic Providers work together to recruit families who are at high risk for obesity and chronic disease. Doctors write out the voucher prescriptions that can be used to purchase produce, and families have to complete evidence-based nutrition education. The program has allowed for fruits and vegetables to be visible to the whole community.
FT: Please elaborate on how reinstating the tribal food system will help improve the health and economy of the Navajo community.
The Mobile Farmers Market, a project started with a few families recreating their farmer plot, has been very successful. Families see success in planting again and are incorporating new vegetables in their gardens. The group quickly expanded from five families last year to ten families this year, with more produce this year and the ability to accept vouchers at the mobile market. We expect it to grow, as more families are getting involved and asking to start their own gardens.
FT: What have been the greatest challenges so far? What challenges do you anticipate?
One of the greatest challenges has been getting the retailers to support the idea of the FVRx program. They asked, “How are the families going to prepare their food? Is it really going to work?” Also, getting larger stores on board is challenging; convenience stores typically make their money off of junk food. And, stores are having trouble finding wholesale distributors who sell at a low price.
Another challenge is that some food insecure families are excluded from the FVRx program because the clinic is only recruiting families with high rates of obesity and diabetes. These families need encouragement to go to the clinic; however, some families don't want to be associated with a program that is related to obesity and disease.
FT: How is the Navajo community responding to this partnership and what noticeable improvements have you seen so far?
Communities have responded really well. The amount of produce purchased in stores has increased, and families are snacking on apples or avocados instead of candy. One family tells the story of their family member who was not eligible for surgery because they were so unhealthy. But with the FVRx program, they got healthier and was able to have surgery.
As more people learn about the FVRx program, there is growing interest in starting projects all over Navajo; other tribal groups are reaching out to participate too. Navajo Nation and Wholesome Wave hopes to work with these other communities and to start conversations about bringing the FVRx to other parts of the country.
print
Join the Conversation:
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
The Czech parliament passed a resolution on Thursday urging their government not to implement a European Union decision to label Israeli products exported from the West Bank, east Jerusalem and the Golan Heights.
Czech leaders denounced the EU resolution, with Czech media reports quoting Culture Minister Daniel Herman as saying in the parliamentary debate it was “absolutely necessary to reject the efforts to discriminate against the only democracy in the Middle East.”
The measure against the EU measure passed by an overwhelming majority.The Czech Republic is one of Israel's strongest European allies. Israel's ambassador Gary Koren thanked the Czech legislators for their decision.Lawmaker Robin Boehnisch of the Social Democratic Party called it absurd that the EU had argued that the labels would benefit their consumers.Frantisek Laudat, another Czech lawmaker, said the decision “may evoke awkward reminiscence of marking Jewish people during World War II.”Zdenek Soukup of the ANO party called Israel the only democracy in the Middle East.“If the state of Israel fell, Europe would finally fall as well,” said Marek Benda of the Civic Democrats said, who also called the requirement a contemporary display of anti-Semitism, the agency said.Czech Communist MPs defended the labeling decision.Jiri Valenta said consumers had the right to know the origin of goods that they purchased.“The Czech Republic is uncritically pro-Israeli in its approach,” Valenta said.In Paris, Deputy Foreign Minister Tzipi Hotovely discussed the labeling issue on Thursday with Jacques Audibert, a top diplomatic adviser to French President Francois Hollande.“Repeated efforts to impose a solution on us will not yield the desired result, Hotovely said. “The decision to label products precisely at this time gives a tail wind to terror.”She accused Palestinians of inciting against Israel and said the time has come for the international community to closely monitor how hundreds of millions of euros it sends the Palestinian Authority was being spent.“Are they building schools and preschools with this money?” Hotovely said.“The money is going to an educational system that incites and leads an 11-yearold child at the end of the day to go and stab Jews.”Hotovely said the international community made many demands on Israel to take confidence building steps in the territories, but none were demanding that the Palestinians quit inciting to violence against Israel.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
Unknown protesters writing names of alleged student rapists in bathrooms at Columbia University as 23 students officially complain about how their sexual assault cases were handled
The names of alleged student rapists have been shared by students in bathrooms at Hamilton, Lerner and Butler halls
Include 'a musician, a prominent writer for a campus publication, and a varsity athlete' and are allegedly CURRENT students
Lists come just weeks after 23 Columbia and Barnard students collectively filed federal complaints against Columbia for mishandling sexual assault cases
The names of alleged student rapists at Columbia University have been shared by students in on-campus bathrooms - less than a month after 23 students collectively filed federal complaints against the university for mishandling sexual assault cases.
Four students' names were written inside a Hamilton Hall bathroom stall and leaked to the Columbia Lion last Thursday by a tipster. The paper says that those names were listed in 'four distinct styles of handwriting, which suggests multiple authors.'
Scroll down for video
List: The names of four alleged student rapists appeared inside a Hamilton Hall bathroom at Columbia University, pictured
The alleged rapists' names were quickly removed by facilities staff, who deemed it 'graffiti,' according to the report.
However, the same names were found written in a Lerner Hall bathroom stall on Monday that appeared to be written by only one person, the Lion reports. Though a tipster sent in an image of the list at 5:30pm, the names had been removed within the hour.
Less than 24 hours later, an identical list of alleged rapists' names appeared inside women's bathrooms on both the second and sixth floors of Butler Hall, the Lion reports. The sixth floor Butler Hall list was reportedly written in the same silver marker as the Lerner Hall list.
As of this writing, the names are reportedly visible in the sixth-floor stall.
The list of alleged rapists appeared in bathrooms inside Lerner Hall, left, and Butler Hall, right
Flyers of the rapists' names were also distributed in toilet paper containers and photos of them were leaked to Jezebel.
The flyers list one 'serial rapist,' as well as three rapists 'found "responsible" by the University.'
The students include 'a musician, a prominent writer for a campus publication, and a varsity athlete' and are current students, Jezebel says.
Jezebel's information coincides with a statement that campus news site Bwog released Monday, which says a member of their editorial staff agreed to resign over allegations.
'On May 7, allegations that a member of our staff had violated Columbia University's Gender Based Misconduct policy were brought to our attention by an anonymous tip,' it says.
'As a reiteration of our continued work against rape culture, we have taken steps to ensure that the makeup of Bwog's staff, without question, reflects this. Accordingly, we asked this staffer to permanently and immediately resign from their position, and they agreed.'
The lists come just weeks after 23 Columbia and Barnard students filed a 100-page federal complaint against the University on April 24, citing Title IX, Title II and Clery Act violations, the Columbia Spectator reported at the time.
Viking's Choice: VHÖL, 'The Desolate Damned'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Craig McGillivray/Courtesy of the artist Craig McGillivray/Courtesy of the artist
Heavy-metal album artwork can be transportive: You can depend on Paolo Girardi's mangled serpents and Kev Walker's mutant nightmares to guide you to metal mayhem that matches the cover. But maybe you bought a copy of Molly Hatchet's 1978 debut LP solely based on the incredibly bad-ass warrior artwork alone, only to be later disappointed that the (solid) Southern boogie-rock contained therein doesn't quite match the battle-ready brushstrokes of Frank Frazetta. Sometimes you can't judge an album by its cover, and yet...
VHÖL's second album, Deeper Than Sky, emerges mid-shred like an impossible silver vessel careening through space. Visual artist Brandon Duncan depicts that sonic offering as a cosmic ship exploding through the shards of a glassy blue canvas. It's an audio-visual mind-meld with the Bay Area band's inter-dimensional metal, heard most triumphantly in the album's lead-off track and first single, "The Desolate Damned."
In 2013, VHÖL's adventurous debut proved not to be the sum of its disparate parts, which include members of Agalloch (drummer Aesop Dekker), Hammers Of Misfortune (guitarist John Cobbett and bassist Sigrid Sheie) and YOB, whose Mike Scheidt puts down the guitar to focus on their enigmatic vocal performance. Here, VHÖL tones down its earlier black-metal notions and goes straight for '80s speed, channeling the balls-to-the-wall, Rubik's Cube thrash of Voïvod, mainlining D-beat drums and throwing in a celestial choral bridge for good measure. If it all seems over the top, wait until you reach Cobbett's overdubbed dueling guitars — this is some of their most giddy and insane work to date.
Deeper Than Sky comes out Oct. 23 on Profound Lore (CD, digital), with vinyl coming later on Gilead Media.
The influx of workers coming home to Nova Scotia from the Alberta oil sands is helping local companies fill needed positions.
For the first time in years, the boom and bust cycle has benefited Dave Chernecki of Roofworks in Dartmouth.
"There are a few more workers here to choose from and they bring all their training from out west," they said. "My buddy Jeremy, he's with us now and he's got all of the safety training and stuff that they provided them out there."
Chernecki says he's received several job applications from returning workers who have their own equipment, trucks and years of hard-working experience. Their roofing business only employs five people, but they say it's nice to have options.
"I haven't talked to too many other [businesses] about it but I mean I am sure everybody is benefiting a bit from it," said Chernecki.
Plummeting crude prices have forced most companies to cut back production in the Alberta oil sands.
Oil barrels down $30
The Canadian Association of Oilwell Drilling Contractors (CAODC) adjusted its 2015 drilling forecast in January after oil dropped from $85 US per barrel to $55. CAODC predicted the number of active drilling rigs would decline by 41 per cent this year.
In northern Alberta, the slowdown has municipal officials doing everything they can to protect their workforce.
Mayor Melissa Blake represents the region of Wood Buffalo, which covers Fort McMurray. They say job losses are being felt by the entire community.
"Food bank usage is definitely up, so if expenses are being cut sometimes that's where people feel it first," said Burke.
They say it makes natural sense that oil companies are cutting travel expenses such as air fares for commuting workers.
"It doesn't even have to be a push from us. I think the industry here is quite sensitive to that when they have employees that have made commitments to the community. They are very well cared for in the context of analysis of jobs. I mean there are some fundamental hard facts that have to be faced when it comes to whether it's a nice to have position or it's a need to have position," Burke said.
"We can appreciate how difficult it is for people who have to make a long distance commute, and I'm always one to encourage people and their families to think about making this a home-based option for them. And so, when these economic circumstances change, again they'll be given a higher degree of consideration for maintenance and preservation by the companies."
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
No Man's Sky is one of the most eagerly-anticipated games of 2016, despite the fact that most of us aren't quite sure what we actually do in it. In a new video published on the PlayStation Blog, Hello Games' Sean Murray takes us through 15-minutes of gameplay for the upcoming space exploration game.
They don't say anything new, it's the same sort of thing Hello Games has been discussing since it was announced: you explore, you survive, you collect resources. However, it's a good opportunity to get a look at new look at gameplay, which continues to look pretty cool.
The video starts with Murray learning a new word in the game's alien language, upgrading a weapon to gather resources, and then discovering new species of aliens. Inevitably, their co-host grabs the controller and begins shooting peaceful animals and causing mayhem.
Eventually, Murray hops onto a ship and flies off into space and discusses the scope of the in-game galaxy which, as we've heard before, is pretty substantial. Watch it all happen above.
No Man's Sky launches on June 21 across PC and PlayStation 4. In addition to the standard $60 version of No Man's Sky for PS4, Sony has announced an $80 Limited Edition version for retail. Hello Games and iam8bit have also partnered to make a $150 "Explorer's Edition" for the PC edition. Details on both can be found here.
For more on the game, check out GameSpot's previous coverage:
WHEN Stella Liebeck, a 79-year-old grandmother, sued McDonald's after scalding themselves with hot coffee in 1992, they became the butt of countless jokes. When a jury awarded them $2.7m in punitive damages, the case was held up as an example of frivolous lawsuits and of juries run amok.
In fact the case was less clear-cut. Mrs Liebeck, who needed skin grafts to treat third-degree burns, sued only when the fast-food chain declined to pay all their medical expenses. During the trial it emerged that McDonald's served its coffee far hotter than home-brewed java. The jury also heard there were 700 other instances of bad burns from McDonald's coffees served too hot. The jury's suggested punitive award of $2.7m was roughly the equivalent of two days' worth of coffee sales. The judge reduced the damages to $480,000. The case was later settled for an undisclosed amount.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Mrs Liebeck's case became a rallying cry for tort reform, or “tort de-reform” as Ralph Nader puts it. Tort law allows anyone with an injury to seek remedy in court with a trial by jury. It covers a wide range of issues, from product liability to pollution and from workplace safety to police brutality. Tort law became a battleground in the 1990s, when businesses became exasperated with eye-watering damages awarded by juries and moved to have laws changed and unfriendly judges removed. Mr Nader, a consumer-rights advocate and one-time presidential candidate, says the tort-reform lobby has now made it too difficult for people to get their day in court. Their response is one of the strangest museums in the country: a shrine to the joy of tort law.
The American Museum of Tort Law uses cartoon graphics to explain complicated lawsuits over asbestos and tobacco. Interactive monitors running old news reports show precedent-setting cases, like Jackie Kennedy Onassis's lawsuit against a photographer, which placed limits on what paparazzi could do. A room of killer toys, featuring pointy lawn darts, is a reminder of how dangerous playthings used to be. An antique jukebox tells the tale of how a rat helped trigger a fire in 1949, which killed a worker cleaning a coin-operated machine with petrol.
The museum is in Mr Nader's hometown of Winsted, Connecticut, a struggling mill town with a population of 11,000. Its centrepiece is a shiny red 1963 Chevrolet Corvair, the focus of Mr Nader's 1965 book “Unsafe at Any Speed”. The book led to congressional hearings and a string of car-safety laws. Mr Nader hopes the museum will become a resource for students as well as a tourist draw. Early visitors included a high-court judge from India and students from China. America's trial lawyers will hope that it also improves the reputation of tort law: in many states the number of tort cases has declined.
Jan 15, 2016; Boston, MA, USA; Phoenix Suns head coach Jeff Hornacek reacts from the sideline as they take not the Boston Celtics in the second half at TD Garden. The Celtics defeated the Phoenix Suns 117-103. Mandatory Credit: David Butler II-USA TODAY Sports
The Phoenix Suns are out of contention and coach Jeff Hornacek is out of patience
You've heard the old adage of trying to fit a square peg into a round hole, right? The Phoenix Suns have heard it as well, they just don't care. After years of trying to make players something they aren't, they've now found themselves at rock bottom with a mismatched roster full of skilled but improperly fitted individuals.
Having individual talent in a team game has its benefits — as a potent scorer will demand more attention on offense and can use that to their team's advantage. The caveat is that a player must be put in position to take advantage of those talents, so that the team can succeed.
Look no further than the San Antonio Spurs for proof of what happens when a team's individuals are put in position to take advantage of their greatest strengths — and they do just that — for the betterment of the team. That's the biggest difference (yeah, Gregg Popovich helps too), in that a team with selfless workers will always trump the selfish team.
The Suns have talented players, but for one reason or another, management hasn't been able to put them in position to succeed. It could be the coaching staff that's failed to create the kind of scheme to get the most out of the roster, or it could be the players, who have chosen to put their individual desires and opinions ahead of coach Jeff Hornacek‘s — the very definition of a coach who has lost the team.
Coming off of a 30-point drubbing at the hands of the lowly Minnesota Timberwolves, it's become apparent that the answer is likely a combination of the two. Playing a game in which your starting backcourt combines for a single assist in 66 minutes of action tells me either coaching staff, the players — or both — have checked out.
How does Devin Booker, rookie phenom 3-point assassin — not attempt a single 3-point shot in 27 minutes? How does Brandon Knight take 20 shots and not get to the foul line a single time (it's the third time in their career and shocker, their team is 0-3)? How does Mirza Teletovic, the league's No. 3 spot-up shooter, play just 14 minutes in a game where Sonny Weems, Lorenzo Brown and Archie Goodwin are getting run?
Related Story: Steve Nash/Amar'e Stoudemire and The NBA's 50 Greatest Duos Of All-Time
Those are all questions that can't be accurately answered — either we're pointing a finger at the coaching staff for not directing the players or we point at the players for not taking direction.
I'm of the philosophy that no matter what, players are responsible for their on-court actions. I don't believe that coach Hornacek instructs Booker to take three shots a few feet inside the 3-point line. I don't believe that Knight is thrilled about shooting 6-for-14 on uncontested shots. Finally, I don't believe running the offense through P.J. Tucker is the way to go, but that's where we are these days.
In that clip, you'll notice a handful of issues plaguing the Suns this season:
Tyson Chandler getting beat on the glass
getting beat on the glass Turnovers leading to transition opportunities the other way
Porous perimeter defense leading to dunks
Bad communication on picks
Common sentiment among fans and writers are that no matter who is at fault, it's Hornacek who will be the fall guy.
Jeff Hornacek will get another shot at a head coaching job. But this soiree is Phoenix is on the cusp of being kaput — brittrobson (@brittrobson) January 17, 2016
Even the coaches own words sound like a man (and a team) defeated (via Paul Coro, Arizona Republic):
“A guy doesn't have pride to go out and stop someone,” Suns coach Jeff Hornacek said. “They shoot 57 percent. You can't have the coaches go out there and guard them. It's just straight-line drives. That's pride. These guys can call themselves basketball players. Until you try to go out there and stop somebody and get in front of somebody and take a charge and do something … we've got one or two guys maybe on this team that do that.”
Coach Hornacek has teetered between taking blame and sharing blame this season — but that quote is a direct shot at the effort of the players. He's right, but it's not going to matter — the 13-29 Suns are out of options and at least a new coach can provide a new voice for the players to ignore.
*SPOILERS AHEAD*
Adorning much of the pre-release marketing material, Dulvey plantation owner Jack Baker became a videogame celebrity of sorts even before Capcom's Resident Evil 7 arrived on shop shelves just a few days ago. With their formidable presence, southern drawl and familial obsession, Jack put an unusually human face on what has traditionally been a cadre of increasingly cartoonish looking villains within Resident Evil lore.
Resident Evil 7 review
A welcome far cry from the walking pint of Guinness with the Matrix fashion fixation that is Albert Wesker, Jack Baker is actually bloody terrifying because he's relatable in a strange way. Sure, they might channel the backwater stereotype a bit strongly but ultimately he's human; he's one of us, a family man through and through, albeit someone who has been physically and mentally twisted to obscene proportions and likes to do donuts in their garage when the mood takes him.
As a foe, Jack evokes a rare kind of malice that we don't usually see from big bads such as him. They talk shit to you, they dismember you, they torture you and the horror of all of it is expounded because everything feels so intimate with Jack making a point of getting right in your face (sometimes literally) to do all of this horrible business. Certainly, ol' Jacky boy oozes malice from every filthy digital pore; the sum creation of what might happen if you put Bray Wyatt and the entirety of the backwards cast of Deliverance into a genetic blender and hit the flashing red button labelled ‘oh screw it'.
The ramifications that Jack has for Resident Evil 7 as a whole are substantial too, since for much of the game Jack emphatically earns their “Immortal” moniker by basically being completely unkillable. In presenting a Nemesis-like presence, the towering Dulvey native invariably dictates the pace early on with the big man potentially lurking around every corner or inside every room, just waiting to send you to an early grave while they eat your bullets like Nandos spicy nuts and crashes through doors with Hulk-like fervor.
Honestly, he's just what the series needed really; by utterly upending the traditional Resident Evil baddie formula, where you could just charge about the joint, suplexing fools through tables and emptying high-caliber ammunition into your enemies without a second thought, here, the big man shrugs off your attacks and generally makes you cower like Starbucks on a corporate tax return audit.
How to solve the dummy finger murder mystery
That feeling of defencelessness, of needing to turn and run away rather than stand and fight because you are so hopelessly overmatched is something that the series has needed for an age. The upshot of this is that the balance of power now, quite rightfully, shifts against the players again, a state of affairs that should never have changed in the first place when considering Resident Evil's adherence to the tenets of survival horror. Jack is, for all intents and purposes the franchise's equivalent of The Terminator, an enemy that just reeks of dread as they seemingly just won't stay down no matter what you do to them and who will never, ever, stop coming after you.
What's also intriguing is the fact that, whenever you encounter this guy, there are a number of unexpected ways that events can pan out. Take the first time you meet them in the corridors of the main house for example. Here, after realising you've escaped captivity from their meat-heavy family meal, Jack stalks the hallways in pursuit of Ethan and should they catch him, the player is then greeted by an extended sequence whereby their leg is gruesomely amputated before being ‘repaired' by a magical medicinal liquid.
The beauty of this encounter though, is that it can go the other way too. If you're quick enough, you can outmanoeuvre Jack and hide under a panel in the floor of one of the adjacent rooms, completely missing out the asupervisorstioned cut scene and all the nastiness that went along with it. Likewise, such surprisingly nonlinearity also exists in the garage boss fight, where if you're quick enough, you can snag the keys and get into the car before Jack does, giving you full control of the vehicle to pull off some donuts of your own before ramming the Baker family patriarch into the wall a good few times, thus sending that encounter down a different road than it might have otherwise travelled.
How to complete the Happy Birthday puzzle
Jack Baker also reminds us that the true monsters in Resident Evil 7 mirror those that we encounter in our everyday lives; horrors that just so happen to be wearing human flesh suits. As such, they put the Resident Evil *in* Resident Evil and Capcom's seventh core entry in its survival horror franchise is better for having him; a fact that makes the prospect of the incoming Jack-focused DLC all the more enticing.
Do you agree? Who is your favorite Resident Evil villain?
Successors, on both sides of politics, often criticised Malcolm Fraser for not doing enough to modernise the Australian economy. Judging them solely by this yardstick, they argued the “wasted” Fraser years were something every leader had to strive to avoid. But John Howard, Fraser's treasurer, who criticised their timidity on economic change, did concede that Fraser had “restored a sense of order” after the Whitlam years.
Which begs the question as to what Howard must make of their protege Tony Abbott, who appears on track to achieve little for the economy, and create a maximum sense of chaos in the process.
This week, for example, Abbott has apparently decided that if they smile winningly and displays a sunny disposition the electorate won't notice that much of their first-term agenda is lying in a smoking ruin somewhere outside the Senate chamber.
The intergenerational report, until recently billed as a document that would shock voters into accepting deeper spending cuts, is now being used to justify not cutting any more, backed by a taxpayer-funded advertising campaign so meaningless it is fit for either purpose.
For the third time in recent years, Australia finds itself with a prime minister motivated almost entirely by survival, rather than leading – paralysed by their tenuous hold on the job and their diminishing authority – with their party looking on in horror but divided as to how to respond. The most common response from Coalition MPs this week when asked to explain their budget and political strategy is: “If you find out, can you tell me?”
Some columnists seem to have decided that complacent voters are to blame (and perhaps to some extent Tony's poor “salespersonship”) for selfishly refusing to see looming economic problems and to accept the specific policy solutions that the government has sought to thrust upon them.
But perhaps, rather than dazzling them with sudden-onset economic optimism or berating them for being short-sighted and selfish it might be smarter to consider why the electorate is so resistant to Tony Abbott's politics, just as it was resistant to the agenda of the Labor government they replaced.
Some of it comes down to the now well-traversed difficulties of a 24-hour media cycle that amplifies every trivial misstep and has no patience for complex argument, a Senate voting system that means the government almost never controls the upper house and the negativity of recent oppositions.
Political malaise
But as I have argued before I think much more than this, it comes down to trust – or lack of it.
Our political malaise is rooted in a deep mistrust, fed not just by broken promises (from both sides) but also by the whole political mindset that voters can't cope with a contest of ideas or be trusted with information, which is seen as an asset best held tight.
It is a mistrust exacerbated by the calculation that slogans and slick advertising can gloss over contradictions or the absence of policy facts. It is a top-down political mindset ever more out of step with an open-sourced world of shared information and this mismatch keeps making the problem worse.
And we see it everywhere.
It's there in the big things, like the government taking the useful and supposedly independent forward planning exercise of the intergenerational report and politicising it with comparative graphs based on spurious assumptions. The report does show that Australia has budget challenges in the longer term. It does not show – as Abbott asserts – that the Coalition has “already halved Labor's debt and deficit”. That claim is based on projected deficits in 2055 (when Abbott is 98) obtained through heroic assumptions that make the “Labor” line look dramatically worse and the “existing Coalition policy” line dramatically better. Why debase the report with transparent political tricks. Why “spin” useful information rather than just discuss it honestly. We really aren't that stupid.
It's there in the smaller things, like the government's announcement this week that it would try to exempt private companies from new tax transparency laws because of concerns about safety and kidnappings. What this really boils down to is a belief that the public has no right to this information, or the somewhat more reasonable concern that it might be misinterpreted when provided. From the highest levels down, the Coalition really thinks the tax office should be allowed to do its job and that this kind of transparency serves serves little useful purpose – despite evidence from around the world that public transparency provides potent arguments for tightening tax laws and cracking down on avoidance.
It's there in the background behind the stoush between Barnaby Joyce and their now-sacked departmental secretary Paul Grimes, because Grimes was transferred to the agriculture department after the incoming Coalition government sacked three departmental heads, two of whom had been in charge of policies of the former Labor government that the Coalition really didn't like. And when the Grimes/Joyce relationship didn't work out, they sacked him, too. Of course this must have a chilling effect on the willingness of the public service to provide frank advice, even now, when it would seem to be sorely needed.
It's there in the mindset that would push metadata laws through the House of Representatives without giving MPs a chance to read them, that would negotiate laws pertaining to journalists without consulting media companies or the union until a deal was done, and that would think the public would happily accept such surveillance without bothering to make much of an effort to explain it.
It's there in education minister Christopher Pyne's ridiculous threats to research funding and comical assertions that they are a “fixer” even as their university policy lies in tatters, or the thinking that would even contemplate a double dissolution election to roll the dice again to get a more compliant Senate, having utterly failed to properly negotiate with this one. It's there in the strategy of announcing a surprise Medicare co-payment in last year's budget and presenting it to the medical profession with what was essentially an ultimatum.
A matter of trust
And of course it all began because the Coalition didn't trust the electorate enough to tell us about many of their policies before the election, which to date is exactly what Labor is also doing. Like Abbott in opposition, Bill Shorten promises policies well before the next poll. Like the Coalition in opposition, senior Labor figures laugh at the suggestion that they might provide any kind of political target when criticism is trained so squarely on the government.
But perhaps the key to breaking this cycle of the electorate voting in the small-target least-worst option of the opposition (and then deciding they're just as bad) is to take that leap of faith, to take the electorate on trust.
Perhaps Shorten will surprise us. Perhaps Abbott will use the tax and federation white papers to have a genuine debate. But surely it's too early to decide the political system is broken or that the selfish voters don't understand economic reality before someone actually tries.
Who knows, perhaps crediting the electorate with the intelligence to cope with a policy discussion might both “restore a sense of order” and the legitimacy that would allow a government to actually get something done.
Just months after winning against a Trinity Church lawsuit designed to force Walmart to quit selling AR-15s and “high capacity” magazines, Walmart corporate says it will quit selling AR-15s of its own accord.
Moreover, corporate stresses that the decision is “not political.”
According to Gun Talk radio host Tom Gresham, Walmart corporate “confirmed” their decision to quit selling AR-15s on August 25.
Gresham tweeted, “CONFIRMED with Walmart corporate offices. Getting rid of AR-15s. They aren't selling. Replacing with hunting guns. ‘Not political.'”
This latest gun-related decision comes after the retail giant has spent a decade shifting back and forth on guns and gun sales. In 2013, Walmart's vacillation on guns included meetings between Walmart “representatives” and then-Attorney General Eric Holder.
TIME magazine reports that Walmart announced an end to gun sales in a third of its stores in 2006. Then, when the economy tanked in 2009, they broughtback guns to bring back customers. Now, they say they will quit selling AR-15s–the most popular semi-automatic rifle platform in America–but will continue selling hunting rifles.
Follow AWR Hawkins on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach them directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.
Why do some trees die in a drought and others don't? And how can we predict where trees are most likely to die in future droughts?
Scientists from the University of California, Davis, and colleagues examined those questions in a study published in the journal Ecology Letters.
Using climate data and aerial tree mortality surveys conducted by the U.S. Forest Service during four years (2012-2015) of extreme drought in California, they found that when a drought hits the region, trees growing in areas that are already dry are most susceptible.
The research also showed that the effects of drought on forests can take years to surface, suggesting that such effects may linger even after the drought has ended.
Southern Sierra Nevada trees are most vulnerable
The study said that trees in the driest and densest forests are the most at risk of dying in an extreme drought. In California, that makes crowded stands of trees in the Southern Sierra Nevada the most vulnerable in the state.
The concept is simple: Trees in dense forests are like multiple straws competing for the same glass of water. In wet climate conditions, that competition goes largely unnoticed. But when it's dry, few are able to quench their thirst, setting the stage for mass mortality.
‘How much drought a tree can take'
Animated GIF showing dead trees per square mile in California between 2009-2015. Credit: Derek Young/UC Davis
“Our analysis found out how much drought a tree can take,” said UC Davis Ph.D. student Derek Young, who co-led the study with Jens Stevens, a UC Davis postdoctoral researcher during the study who is currently at UC Berkeley, and Mason Earles, a postdoctoral researcher at Yale University. “If forest managers want to get the biggest bang for their buck in reducing forest vulnerability to drought, this study suggests they should focus on the densest stands in the driest areas. And when we reestablish forests burned by severe wildfire in these areas, we should plant at lower densities from the beginning.”
Tree mortality in the Sierra Nevada in 2015 was the worst in recorded history. The U.S. Forest Service aerial tree mortality surveys in 2015 estimated 29 million trees in California had died after four years of extreme drought.
Though the drought began in 2012, major effects on trees did not appear immediately. While some trees died every year, mortality spiked only in the fourth year of extreme drought.
Tree mortality a delayed reaction
In a blog post they wrote on the subject in May 2016, Young noted: “This observation highlights the fact that tree mortality can take several years to respond to drought. Such a delayed response is often observed in studies of drought stress, and the existence of this delayed response hints that we are likely to observe high mortality well into 2016 and potentially beyond, especially in Southern California.”
Indeed, surveys conducted by the U.S. Forest Service in 2016 estimated an additional 62 million trees died that year.
Other study co-authors include UC Davis associate professor Andrew Latimer, and Jeffrey Moore, Adam Ellis and Amy Jirka with the USDA Forest Service.
Study authors were supported by a National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellowship, EPA STAR Fellowship, and a USDA Hatch Project.
Read this article and other climate change feature stories on the UC Davis Science & Climate website.
Sixteen-year-old Calvin Sun narrowly edged out 17-year-old Bill Lin to become the American Go Association's third pro Monday night. Sun eked out a 1.5-point win in an exciting nearly 300-move final – forced by Lin's second-round win earlier in the day — that kept hundreds of fans on KGS guessing until the very end. Sun topped a tough field of eight strong players in the second AGA Pro Qualification Tournament and joins Andy Liu 1P and Gansheng Shi 1P – who won the 2012 edition — as the first homegrown U.S. professional go players. Ryan Li won the Exhibition League. Click here for pairings, results and game records. Jeff Shaevel directed the tournament and Dennis Wheeler led the E-Journal game broadcast team, which included Andrew Jackson, Richard Dolen, Dave Dows and Joe Cepiel. Myungwan Kim 9P served as referee and provided live game commentary on KGS (available free under KGS Plus/Recent Lectures) for the two final rounds. The event was hosted by the historic Hotel Normandie in downtown Los Angeles. photo by Dennis Wheeler
The wounds from the March 3, 2009 attack, which suspended nearly all intl cricket in Pakistan, have never quite healed.
Early morning on March 3, 2009 a bus carrying the Sri Lankan cricket team to Lahore's Qaddafi Stadium for Day Three of their second Test match against Pakistan was targetted by militants.
Pakistan's millions of cricket fans rue the deplorable attack, especially since it deprived an entire generation of experiencing first-hand what is arguably the most celebrated game in the country.
As the Pakistan Super League final approaches, the memory of March 3, 2009 has motivated unprecedented levels of security and safety for both the stars of the game and those who will turn up to support them.
The following is an account of what transpired on that fateful day.
Around 8:50am, terrorists stormed through Liberty Chowk, Lahore, with the intention of carrying out a multi-pronged attack on the Sri Lankan team's convoy.
Using RPGs, hand grenades and guns, the attackers took aim at the bus carrying the cricketers.
"For some reason I moved my head to get a better view and a split second later I felt a bullet fizz past my ear into the vacant seat," Mahela Jayawardene told ESPNCricinfo after the attack.
An image from a TV broadcast shows gunmen firing in the direction of a police vehicle.— Reuters
The Pakistani driver of the team's bus was shot, but in a remarkable feat of endurance and extraordinary presence of mind, they managed to drive the team away from the assault to safety.
Tragically, seven people were killed — including six police officers — and another 20 injured in the attack. The injured included seven members of the visiting cricket team.
Sri Lankan officials and players prepare to board into a helicopter at Qadhafi stadium after the shooting.— AP
Before leaving Pakistan, Mahela Jayawardene thanked the bus driver for saving the team.
Members of the media gather around a bus, which was carrying the Sri Lankan cricket team, parked outside the Qadhafi stadium in Lahore.— Reuters
"We owe the team bus driver our lives for their remarkable bravery in the face of direct gunfire ... Had they not had the courage and presence of mind to get the bus moving after the initial attack then we'd have been a far easier target for the terrorists,” the cricketing star said, recalling the horror.
"I honestly don't know how we escaped."
Ajantha Mendis, a member of the Sri Lankan cricket team, who was injured during the attack arrives at Colombo airport March 4, 2009.— Reuters
Following the attack, questions were raised about the quality of security afforded to the visiting cricket team.
The capital city police officer at the time, Haji Habibur Rehman, claimed the Punjab government had been informed by intelligence officials in January 2009 of a possible assault on the visiting cricket team by the Indian spy agency, Research and Analysis Wing.
But Punjab's then police chief, Khawaja Khalid Farooq denied this claim and Punjab police and home department officials insisted they had taken every step to protect the guests.
As authorities work to bring international cricket back to Pakistan, there is a recognition that extraordinary measures need to be taken to ensure players' safety.
Soon after the Punjab government, the Pakistan Cricket Board and the Pakistan Super League (PSL) management agreed to hold the league's grand finale in Lahore, authorities announced they would take ‘unprecedented' security measures for all foreign players who will be travelling to Pakistan to play.
Among the measures announced is a presidential-level ‘five-tier' security plan and ‘box security' with guards dedicated to each individual's protection.
Explore: Five-tier security planned for PSL final participants
Amid a nationwide crackdown on ‘mischievous elements', Pakistan Army has also assured its full support for the sporting event, and law enforcement agencies are taking all measures necessary to ensure that there is no security breach on the day of the match.
Security personnel patrol the Qadhafi Stadium days before the PSL 2 final.—White Star
Timeline of terror
Pakistan is not the only country where the uncertain security situation has sparked concerns for visiting cricket teams.
Unfortunately, Sri Lanka has also experienced multiple terrorist incidents during international cricket series.
Colombo: April 21, 1987
A car bomb at a bus station killed over 100 people during New Zealand's three-Test tour of the country. The series was cut short to just one Test.
Colombo: Nov 16, 1992
A Tamil Tiger suicide attack outside the hotel where the New Zealand cricket team is staying kills four people. Five players and the team's coach return home on compassionate grounds after the incident.
Colombo: Feb 11, 1996
A week after a bomb blast in Colombo kills 80 people and injures 1,200 others, Australia and West Indies refuse to play preliminary World Cup matches in Sri Lanka.
Colombo: July 24, 2001
A Tamil Tigers suicide attack closes Colombo's international airport as the New Zealand cricket team is on tour. At least 14 people are killed and 12 others wounded in an attack. The visitors play a match the next day amid heightened security.
Karachi: May 2002
New Zealand aborts a tour to Pakistan after a bomb explodes outside the team`s hotel in Karachi, killing at least 11 French engineers.
Aug 2002
Australia cancels a tour to Pakistan over security concerns in the wake of the 9/11 attacks. The series is shifted to in the United Arab Emirates.
Karachi, Sept 2003
A bomb blast in Karachi forces the South African team to postpone its tour by a week.
New Delhi, Sept 13, 2008
Five blasts in the crowded markets and streets of Delhi killed 20 people and injured more than 90 just a week before the Austrlian cricket team was due to arrive for a tour. The team goes ahead with the tour.
Mumbai, Nov 26, 2008
Gunmen tear through Mumbai hitting high-profile targets and killing about 170 people. The England cricket team flies home from India.
Lahore, March 2009
Gunmen with rifles, grenades and rocket launchers attack Sri Lanka`s team in Lahore on its way to play the third day of the second test. Seven players, an umpire and an assistant coach are wounded, and six police officers and a driver are killed.
Lahore, May 30, 2015
A suicide blast outside Lahore's Qadhafi Stadium kills one person as the Zimbabwe team plays against Pakistan in the first One-Day International featuring an international team since the 2009 attack.
Giant squid guided back to sea by diver after swimming into Japanese harbour
Updated
Video has emerged of a giant squid swimming near a pier in central Japan.
The 3.7-metre-long squid was spotted by onlookers at Toyama Bay as it swam under fishing boats for several hours before it was ushered back to open water.
Local dive shop owner Akinobu Kimura told CNN they joined the squid in the water and led it back out to the sea.
"My curiosity was way bigger than fear, so I jumped into the water and [went] close to it," they said.
"This squid was not damaged and looked lively, spurting ink and trying to entangle their tentacles around me."
They said they guided the squid towards the ocean where it disappeared into the deep sea.
The giant squid is thought to grow to up to 13 metres in length and typically inhabits deep waters.
Topics: human-interest, animals, community-and-society, japan
First posted
Like the set of a movie or setting of a video game, this surreal suburban facility could easily be mistaken for a real place at first glance – in reality, the installation is an elaborate artificial environment used by police to simulate complex and dangerous situations (photos by Chris Clarke).
As Geoff Manaugh summarizes the setup, “the barren streets and hollow buildings of this militarized non-place were designed for use as an immersive staging ground for police-training exercises, fighting staged riots, burglaries, bank robberies, and other crimes” including hostage situations and terrorist attacks.
Located in Gravesend, Kent, just outside of London, this strange facsimile of an urban complex is devoid of residents but comes complete with parks, nightclubs, estates, aircraft, trains and tube stations (for hijacking and bombing simulations). Its population, instead, consists of the ebb and flow of the Metropolitan Police, of which the complex accommodate up to 300 militarized participants at one time.
Open “in 2003 to provide London's officers with firearms and public order training,” the complex's designers at Advanced Interactive Systems (AIS) “provided all specialist firearms-related design, fit-out of the live-fire ranges with internal ballistic and anti-ricochet finishes, simulation and targetry equipment, and range sound systems.”
The same company was later contracted to “upgrade the specialist indoor shooting ranges and simulation systems [to] feature High-Definition projection systems, additional support for standard issue firearms and less-lethal devices, laser-based 3D virtual training environments, and a course editor for creating bespoke training exercises.” Even these official descriptions lend themselves to a range of dystopian speculation and dark interpretation.
Author of Subtopia, Brian Finoki notes that this dull gray place is deeply bizarre in nature, “a city standing on the planet for one purpose: to be rioted, hijacked, trashed, held hostage, sacked, and overrun by thousands of chaotic scenarios, only so that it can be reclaimed, retaken, re-propped in circuitous loops of more dazzling proto-militant exercise, stormed by a thousand coordinated boots for eternity, targeted by hundreds of synchronized crosshairs of both lethal and non-lethal weapons.”
Photographer Chis Clarke, whose Flickr photo set is worth seeing in its entirety, suggests a bold (albeit perhaps somewhat dramatic) take on the complex and its meaning in the contemporary cultural context of the United Kingdom: “Gravesend can be interpreted as a warning – a prophecy of society's potential to alienate itself from itself, and kill its collective identity. This surreal installation serves as a chilling account of the death of community in 21st century Britain.”
$35,000 for a dress?
Yes, when it's been worn by actor Keira Knightley, has a place in film history and supports a good cause.
Yes, it can. One can imagine the new owner of that emerald-green acquisition taking delivery from the auction house where the winning bid was cast.
So, what's going on here? What is it about these garments that squeezes a giggle out of every woman who stands on a subway grate in a skirt or, wearing a simple black shift, admires their reflection in a Tiffany shop window, or yes, shells out $35K for -- admit it -- a frock? Does a dress, whether worn by Audrey or Marilyn or Keira -- posed languorously like a mere wisp in moonlight -- really have that kind of mesmeric power?
This striking piece, worn by Keira Knightley in the film " Atonement," is already regarded in some quarters as on its way to becoming one of the iconic dresses in film history. Someday it could be right up there with the little black dress worn by Audrey Hepburn in "Breakfast at Tiffany's" and Marilyn Monroe's fabled white number blown heavenward in "The Seven Year Itch."
Someone recently paid $35,000 at auction for an emerald-green silk gown. It's backless and a diminutive size 2, so we know that the stiletto-high price wasn't pegged to the amount of fabric that went into its making.
The backless size 2 arrives carefully couriered and packaged in bubble wrap. Does the new owner tear open the box and throw on their new purchase, imagining themselves a star? Or do they carefully separate each delicate piece of tissue -- wearing white felt gloves -- scrutinize it for a minute, then have it sealed away so it might forever remain exactly as was on Keira Knightley's oh-so-cinematic body?
Ironically, the costume designer, Jacqueline Durran, still possesses several copies, making the dress decidedly not one-of-a-kind. But to have one of even a few still means having one, and that suffices doesn't it? I mean, surely that's worth $35,000, no?
Some could wonder how this apparently extravagant expenditure is much different than the magisterial sum paid for the Diet Coke can Sienna Miller casually threw away that was salvaged, unbeknownst to her, by some cagey, detritus-obsessed entrepreneur.
Said can go up for bid for 10,000 pounds -- roughly $16,700 in American dollars. And it sold.
Or Britney Spears' used chewing gum placed on EBay for $460. Yes, it sold too.
The difference -- besides the fact that Knightley's dress appeared in a classy charity auction sponsored by Clothes Off Our Back -- may be that it is part of film history, not some piece of random garbage. And many of "Atonement's" female viewers swooned as much for the dress as for leading man James McAvoy. But the gown wouldn't be worth a sliver of its hammer price had it not been moistened by milady's sweat or tears; sort of like saliva on a soda can or a stick of chewing gum.
We all understand, of course, the obsession with celebrity culture. In the '80s, kids would faint when Michael Jackson touched their heads with the electrically charged jolt of some evangelical healer. But as time progresses and the career arcs of these icons begin their inevitable descent, as they become hosts of reality shows and just, well, more human, will a dress worn once-upon-a-time really be worth $35,000?
At the end of the day, Keira Knightley is simply a 24-year-old girl from London with a nice face and a lovely disposition who likes fish and chips and can play a character flawlessly. You certainly wouldn't pay much for a gown, no matter how beautiful, from your neighbor across the street. Keira Knightley, Sienna Miller, Britney Spears, Marilyn Monroe and, yes, even the lustrous Audrey Hepburn are all "neighbors across the street." They just drive nicer cars and they can afford that Sub-Zero refrigerator you always wanted.
And they do get to wear wonderful clothes.
image@latimes.com
by
David Cameron has promised to head a new inquiry into tax evasion, starting tomorrow or maybe the day after, at the latest in the next week or so.
The Prime Minister it's thought will be leading a team of investigators comprising wealthy front benchers, a few banker friends and a number of chums from Eton. They have assured critics that whatever has or hasn't been going on, they will jolly well get to the bottom of it.
“The fact that my Father's business interests have been mentioned in the Panama papers and the fact that I might conceivably have inherited those interests means that I am more shocked about it than anyone else and I'm certainly going to submit myself to a very firm line of questioning.
“But I can tell you right now that I have no offshore funds in my name at all. Though my accountant might tell you something different. If details of any offshore funds mysteriously turn up in the names of my children, my mother or the dog, then that is an entirely private matter.”
The Government are understood to be taking allegations regarding British owned tax havens very seriously, with many MPs, bankers and other members of Britain's wealthy elite making very hasty trips to the British Virgin Islands just to check everything is above board.
Mr Cameron's inquiry is set to begin once the Chilcott inquiry ends. “You can only have one inquiry at a time you see.” They explained.
I am not embarrassed by the ink on my face, its just an act of cowardice. Request all #AAP supporters to ignore. http://t.co/benCzPIBi1 — Yogendra Yadav (@AapYogendra) March 8, 2014
I got to know that he(attacker) joined AAP a month before state elections and after that no one knew where they were till today-Yogendra Yadav — ANI (@ANI_news) March 8, 2014
NEW DELHI: A man smeared AAP leader Yogendra Yadav 's face with ink on Saturday at a rally at Jantar Mantar in Delhi.The man appeared on the stage where Yogendra Yadav was addressing a rally, shouted slogans and smeared ink on their face."I don't know who they are. Someone came from behind, shouted 'jai mata di' and smeared ink on my face," ​Yogendra Yadav told reporters."This time they have attacked us from behind. Next time they will attack us from the front," Yadav added.The AAP leader also said that they were not embarrassed by this incident.The attacker, who was taken to Parliament Street police station for questioning, has been identified as 28-year-old Sagar Bhandari, a resident of Shalimar Bagh.After the incident, Bhandari was thrashed by AAP volunteers.Later, Bhandari was taken by police to Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital as required in a medico-legal case.He claims to be a disgruntled AAP worker.A few days back, a man threw black ink at the Sahara chief Subrata Roy while they were being produced in the Supreme Court.(With inputs from PTI)
Counting down from 5 to 1:
Ansel Adams
by Hachette Book Group, Inc.
Price: $6.99
Link: https://itunes.apple.com/US/app/id400716705?mt=8
This app set the new standard for presentation of art on a hand-held device a while back and holds up in 2014 not only because of the amazing variety this app brings to what should be a standard coffee table art book, but the amazing depth and breadth of work from the artist himself. Ansel Adams is a must-have for any lover of the art form.
Notable Features:
Slideshow of 40 Ansel Adams photographs, with optional audio narration, written commentary & synchronized music.
E-card feature, allowing the user to create an e-postcard with one of Ansel's images, enter a message, and email to friends directly out of the app.
Embedded video excerpts from documentary films about Adams, including the Ric Burns/Sierra Club Emmy Award-winning film for PBS, spanning Adams' career.
Alice
by Atomic Antelope
Price: $8.99
Link: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/alice-for-the-ipad/id354537426?mt=8
When the history of book apps is written, it will doubtlessly include Alice alongside Morris Lessmore and Peter Rabbit as the pioneers into the field of what could be done. While the interface feels a wee bit clunky in 2014, it is impossible to make a list like this without including the original. From the swinging pocket-watch on the first page to helping the Caterpillar smoke their hookah, this is an astonishing way to rediscover a literary classic.
Notable Features:
Incorporates Lewis Carroll's timeless tale Alice's Adventures in Wonderland into an interactive setting.
Tilting, shaking, twisting, shake it, turning and jiggling of the iPad makes the characters and settings react.
Both the full 249-page version or an abridged 52-page edition are available.
The Silent History
by Ying Horowitz & Quinn LLC
Price: $1.99 for Volume One
Link: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/the-silent-history/id527403914?mt=8
The Silent History is the definition of “groundbreaking,” turning inside-out the definition of what a novel can be. Using serialization, exploration, and collaboration to tell the story of a generation of unusual children — born without the ability to create or comprehend language —Horowitz's crew tells the story through 120 individual testimonials, short-form fiction which builds to a larger work. There are also hundreds of location-based stories across the U.S. and around the world.
Notable Features:
Geo-targeted stories that can only be unlocked when standing at a particular location.
The Silent History is still evolving, and is expected to keep going for quite some time.
Completely unique structure and interface.
History of Rock
by ditter.projektagentur GmbH & Mark Paytress
Price: $4.99
Link: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/history-of-rock/id468650707?mt=8
This comprehensive and lavishly illustrated history of rock music, compiled by renowned rock writer Mark Paytress, brings to life this most popular and vibrant musical genre. YouTube videos and iTunes integration make it possible to view featured musicians in action, or sample song previews simply by clicking on the relevant icon and make IAPs of music you discover along the way. For those of us who love Rock-n-Roll, this app is a tour through all the best moments we love most.
Notable Features:
Divided neatly into eras of rock
Breakout sections introducing relevant pop culture fads and fashions
Timeline establishes a continuous thread connecting all the elements that make up the story of rock music.
NOTE: Some linked videos do not play in all countries.
Black Jack: A Moving Novel
by Sonar Studios & A.R.Witham
Price: Free + IAP
Link: https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/black-jack-a-moving-novel/id734453929?ls=1&mt=8
Hands-down this is our favorite book app yet. Sonar Studios got it right, using big splashy effects to help tell the story, and a structure and user interface better than anything we've seen. But the true genius of Black Jack is the subtle nuance that changes your attitude while you're reading and you don't even notice until it has already been happening for five pages. The parchment texture becomes dramatic. A gust of wind breezes by. Snow drifts across the text. It's as if everything is designed to set a mood; effects are composed in concert with the words to enhance the story and it works in a way that only an iPad can deliver.
The other half that makes Black Jack work is the story. At 600+ pages, Emmy-winner A.R.Witham has written a genuinely engaging character-driven adventure, working on par with Jim Butcher, Patrick Rothfuss or the early works of Neil Gaiman. In the beginning, the story feels a little familiar, but gains momentum and complexity in Chapter 6 and become a tour de force by the epic conclusion in Chapter 20.
Our clear #1 pick, Black Jack: A Moving Novel is the must-have book app of 2014.
Notable Features:
A complete adult/YA novel told in text accentuated by art, music, SFX and animations.
Swag section where the reader can earn additional bonus art by sharing via social media.
Share & Speculate section for discussing the book with other readers and the author.
–
–
Advertisements
Washington (CNN) The White House is placing responsibility for the large number of vacancies at the State Department on top diplomat Rex Tillerson and their staff, saying the secretary hasn't moved on recommended personnel to fill the openings.
The White House has suggested multiple candidates for every open senior position at the State Department and then some, a senior administration official said, including the deputy secretary and undersecretaries who help run the agency and assistant secretaries who oversee regional bureaus.
The official said Tillerson and their staff have not acted on the suggestions or, in some cases, are still considering or vetting them.
"This is state being slow," the official said.
At the same time, several State Department officials told CNN that Secretary Tillerson is considering trimming 9-10% of employees at the agency, which would be about 2300-2500 employees.
The officials cautioned that Tillerson is only starting the restructuring process, so while there are likely bureaus and employees that are going to be cut, numbers are not yet firm.
The Associated Press and other outlets reported this statistics earlier Friday.
Asked about the personnel situation Thursday, acting State Department spokesperson Mark Toner defended the agency's progress on permanent staffing, saying that the process "always takes some time."
They added that Tillerson‎ and their staff have been actively vetting those potential choices.
The vacancies have concerned national security experts, frustrated lawmakers and confounded foreign diplomats, who say they no longer have a point of contact at Foggy Bottom.
The lack of staffing comes at a time when North Korea's belligerence has Asia on edge, Venezuela is imploding, Russia is expanding its hold in eastern Ukraine and US and Iranian ships have come close to clashing in the Persian Gulf.
"It's startling to my mind," said Christine Wormuth, a senior advisor for the International Security Program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies. "They need senior people and they don't have them."
Wormuth, a career civil servant for Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush at the Pentagon before becoming President Barack Obama's undersecretary of defense for policy, noted there are openings across the national security spectrum.
Nearly all the senior positions under Tillerson are vacant, or are currently being filled on an acting basis by career officials who weren't chosen by the President or confirmed by the Senate. Some 200 State Department jobs require Senate confirmation.
These positions include over one third of ambassadorships, as well also nearly all undersecretary and assistant secretary positions. The White House nominated John Sullivan to fill the Deputy Secretary position last month, now held by Acting Deputy Secretary Thomas Shannon, but they need to be confirmed by the Senate.
In a New York Times article Thursday, Tillerson spokesperson R.C. Hammond indicated the secretary has plotted out a process for restructuring the agency that means senior positions will likely be filled sometime in 2018.
The Trump administration is looking to cut the State Department's budget by about 30%.
JUST WATCHED Tillerson confirmed as Democrats boycott picks Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Tillerson confirmed as Democrats boycott picks 04:39
Hammond attributed the delay to Tillerson's desire to go on a methodical "listening tour" of the department before they set about restructing and cutting jobs and departments. Hammond, who compared the agency to the sunken Titanic ocean liner at the bottom of the ocean, told the Times that there was no sense in filling positions that may be cut later.
Some analysts assess that Tillerson's background as CEO of ExxonMobil -- the only place he's ever worked -- inclines them to see the department as just another bloated organization.
Some within the State Department, speaking anonymously to discuss the agency without fear of retaliation, point to the fact that Tillerson comes from a corporate culture that didn't always see the State Department as an asset or ally.
Others still point to their chief of staff, Margaret Peterlin, a former naval officer and Trump campaign staffer who has worked for Republican lawmakers and the Commerce Department. The White House official said Peterlin is a big part of the staffing choices and process.
‎The official specified that Peterlin is not a "White House" appointed person, but a "transition" person -- selected by Trump transition officials and then kept on by Tillerson.
The pace has not particularly pleased the White House, according to the senior official, but Tillerson has broad leeway and the White House's trust in staffing their agency.
The official did not know how long it would take Tillerson and their team to fill the open positions -- currently staffed by Obama administration holdovers -- but expected it would be "a while."
Another factor in the slow staffing pace could be the animosity between the Trump administration and much of the Republican foreign policy establishment. The White House has refused to consider a number of highly qualified people because they joined the "Never Trump" movement over differences with the Republican candidate on policy and values, as well as questions about their temperament.
"They won't look at any 'Never Trumpers' or even people who said critical things on social media," Wormuth noted. "They're also having to do a lot more recruiting for jobs than you normally see. Normally people are flinging themselves at these jobs."
In the meantime, the vacancies have drawn a highly unusual public complaint from Russia's top diplomat, who raised the issue during an April press conference with Tillerson in Moscow.
"Not all key positions in the US Department of State have been filled, and hence it is not easy to quickly receive clarification on current and future issues," Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov chided, echoing a complaint of Washington-based diplomats from across the globe.
Lawmakers who work on foreign policy are having the same trouble. Maryland Sen. Benjamin Cardin, the top Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said that the Trump administration's staffing shortfalls leave them and others at a loss.
JUST WATCHED Politician: Criticize Trump and you're out Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Politician: Criticize Trump and you're out 02:03
"I don't know what the President's Iran policy is all about," Cardin said. They added that while they and others might have disagreed with the Obama administration on their Iran policies, they had people to meet with to push their position and learn what the White House was doing.
Now, they said, "We don't have an articulated position from the White House and we don't have players we can meet to discuss it with."
Sen. Bob Corker, the Tenessee Republican who chairs the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said finding points of contact hasn't been a problem for him, however.
"Certainly, we'd like to see them staff up as quickly as possible, but I've had no problem at all talking with folks I need to talk with and getting answers," Corker told CNN. "It's fair to say we'd like for them to get more fully staffed and hopefully that will be happening soon."
But on Thursday, a group of House Democrats wrote Trump to raise concerns about the broader security questions the vacancies raise.
Noting that more than half the senior State Department positions remain unfilled, the letter said that, "nearly 100 days after your inauguration and with multiple international crises looming, it is unacceptable that these critical roles remain unfilled."
The letter was signed by Democratic members of the House Armed Services Committee, including Ruben Gallego of Arizona, Stephanie Murphy of Florida, Seth Moulton of Massachusetts, Jacky Rosen of Nevada, Colleen Hanabusa of Hawaii and Donald Norcross of New Jersey.
"It is distressing," the lawmakers wrote, "that at a time when US forces and our allies in the Asia-Pacific are gravely threatened by North Korea, there are seven US ambassador positions with key treaty allies, partners and institutions in the region that remain vacant."
Always be running…
Fantasy Flight Games is proud to announce the upcoming release of two World Championship Decks for Android: Netrunner!
Featuring gorgeous full-bleed art and new visual treatments of their identity cards, the 2015 Android: Netrunner World Champion Corp Deck and 2015 Android: Netrunner World Champion Runner Deck are card-for-card recreations of the decks played by 2015 Android: Netrunner World Champion Dan D'Argenio. That means that these decks offer newer players an opportunity to experiment with some of the game's greatest synergies, as well as a host of its most popular and enduring cards.
Whether you use them as guides to building and playing with top-level strategies or you assimilate their fully tournament-legal cards into other decks, these Engineering the Future and Valencia decks offer a beautiful means to expand both your collection and your knowledge of the game!
Engineering the Future
The 2015 Android: Netrunner World Champion Corp Deck features fifty of the strongest Corp cards playable in Haas-Bioroid. These cards are collected from the whole of the Android: Netrunner data vault and presented with extended, full-bleed art, as well as a visually reimagined Engineering the Future identity card.
Identity (1):
Haas-Bioroid: Engineering the Future
Agenda (9):
Accelerated Beta Test (3), Project Vitruvius (1), Global Food Initiative (2), NAPD Contract (3)
Asset (9):
Adonis Campaign (3), Eve Campaign (3), Jackson Howard (3)
Ice (17):
Architect (3), Eli 1.0 (3), Ichi 1.0 (3), Ichi 2.0 (2), Turing (3), Tollbooth (1), Enigma (2)
Operation (5):
Archived Memories (2), Hedge Fund (3)
Upgrade (9):
Ash 2X3ZB9CY (3), Caprice Nisei (2), Breaker Bay Grid (3), Cyberdex Virus Suite (1)
Assembled from seventeen pieces of ice, numerous assets, and a number of highly impactful upgrades, the 2015 Android: Netrunner World Champion Corp Deck excels at the "glacier" strategy, which focuses on protecting your installed agendas—and all your servers—with deep layers of ice and other defenses. Although this type of deck takes tremendous skill and a great deal of practice to fully master, it is also one that newcomers can quickly learn to pilot with a reasonable measure of success.
Valencia
Among its fifty-one cards, the 2015 Android: Netrunner World Champion Runner Deck features many of the newest and most colorful additions to the Runner's side of Android: Netrunner. Each of these cards receives the same fantastic, full-bleed treatment as those within the World Champion Corp Deck, meaning the deck is almost as much a piece of art as it is a tool that allows you to rip apart Corporate R&D with the greatest of ease.
Identity (1):
Valencia Estevez
Event (10):
Inject (3), Queen's Gambit (2), Account Siphon (2), Blackmail (3)
Hardware (1):
Turntable (1)
Program (5):
D4v1d (2), Faust (3)
Resource (34):
Data Leak Reversal (3), Joshua B (3), Off-Campus Apartment (3), Scrubber (3), Street Peddler (3), Drug Dealer (3), Fall Guy (3), Daily Casts (3), Hades Shard (1), Paparazzi (3), Same Old Thing (3), Wireless Net Pavilion (3)
A prime example of expert-level deck-building, the 2015 Android: Netrunner World Champion Runner Deck exploits the "mill" potential provided by Data Leak Reversal, and uses Wireless Net Pavilion, Fall Guy, and Paparazzi to ward off Corporate retaliation. It may take you some time to learn how to play the deck to its fullest potential, but as you do, you'll find yourself introduced to some of the game's most surprising and potent interactions.
After all, there is no doubt as to the deck's quality. So you can look at learning how to play the deck as an exercise in learning the game itself.
Top-Notch Design
With their proven pedigree and their gorgeous new graphic design, the 2015 Android: Netrunner World Champion Corp Deck and 2015 Android: Netrunner World Champion Runner Deck offer an exciting new way to delve more deeply into the cyberstruggles of Android: Netrunner.
Invest in your future. Run like a champ. These two World Champion Decks are scheduled to arrive at retailers late in the first quarter of 2016!
KDKA begins to broadcast
1920
Photo: Beginnings of KDKA, with entire staff of four On Christmas Eve, 1906, wireless operators on ships off the New England coast wondered if they'd had a religious experience. Out of the midst of Morse code dots and dashes beeping through their headsets came the sound of a voice reading the Christmas story from the Gospel of Luke and a violin playing "Silent Night." The voice wished them a merry Christmas, and then the dots and dashes started up again. The voice was that of Reginald Fessenden (1866-1932), an inventor and engineer who had been working on producing voice radio since Marconi's first wireless broadcast across the Atlantic. After their Christmas experiment, Fessenden continued working to make voice radio practical. In 1907, Lee de Forest invented a new radio tube called the Audion. It soon made transmitting sound modulations much more effective and became standard radio equipment. The radio tube was gradually improved upon by other inventors, to increased clarity and power. For 15 years or so, voice radio was the purview of engineers and hobbyists called hams. To most people it seemed amusing, but a novelty that would have no practical application. One obstacle to radio's acceptance was that the equipment was cumbersome and required a fair amount of knowledge and attention. After World War I, prosperity and technological advances -- some the offspring of the war effort -- brought more appliances into the home and created more technologically minded people. Radio companies formed to build and sell ready-made machines. In 1920, Westinghouse, one of the leading radio manufacturers, had an idea for selling more radios: It would offer programming. Radio began as a one-to-one method of communication, so this was a novel idea. Dr. Frank Conrad was a Pittsburgh area ham operator with lots of connections. They frequently played records over the airwaves for the benefit of their friends. This was just the sort of thing Westinghouse had in mind, and it asked Conrad to help set up a regularly transmitting station in Pittsburgh. On November 2, 1920, station KDKA made the nation's first commercial broadcast (a term coined by Conrad himself). They chose that date because it was election day, and the power of radio was proven when people could hear the results of the Harding-Cox presidential race before they read about it in the newspaper. KDKA was a huge hit, inspiring other companies to take up broadcasting. In four years there were 600 commercial stations around the country. To keep up with the cost of improving equipment and paying for performers, stations turned to advertisers. In August 1922, the first radio ad, for a real estate developer, was aired in New York City. Networks of local stations developed to share programming and became big business. In 1926, RCA (Radio Corporation of America) formed the first national network, called NBC (National Broadcasting Company). Their first nationwide broadcast was the 1927 Rose Bowl football game from Pasadena. The burgeoning industry made the airwaves so jammed and chaotic that the Federal Radio Commission was established in 1927 to assign frequencies to broadcasters. The entry of mass communication into American homes meant, among other things, the development of a mass culture. The same songs were heard across the country, news travelled fast, and heroes like Charles Lindbergh or Joe Louis were, in a new way, accessible to all. Technological refinements in radio continued. Early in the 1920s, headsets were replaced with speakers. In 1929, FM radio became available. The development of the transistor in the late 1940s paved the way for the transistor radio's appearance in 1952. Stereophonic sound and personal stereos would continue radio's evolution.
Related Features
You Try It: Technology at Home
You Try It: Radio Transmission
If there's one all time loved recipe on Weelicious it's Banana Dog Bites. I think I first made these 6 or 7 years ago and they're still an all-time classic. What's not to love about a recipe that only uses 3 ingredients, take 2 minutes or less to prepare and looks like such fun. If you've never tried them before you have to watch this Banana Dog Bites video. I promise it has all kinds of little tips for making the perfect lunch time treat every time!
Even though there are only three ingredients, there are tons of variations you can use. I like using spelt or half whole wheat half corn tortillas I get at Trader Joes, but you can also use all white flour tortillas or something with seeds inside. The most important part is getting something that's really flexible. Corn could work, but they would need to be really fresh. Using lavash is a fun idea too!
There are also plenty of variations with nut butters. You can use peanut, almond, cashew, soy or sun butter. You could also use whipped cream cheese in a pinch. If you're using large tortillas and bananas it makes about 8-10 pieces which look super cute in a bento style lunchbox. Serve these with some raw veggies and maybe a little snack like a Vegan Cowgirl Cookie or Heart Crispy Treat and you've got a vegetarian meal I'm betting your kids will love!
Photo by Maren Caruso
Dive Brief:
The Los Angeles Department of Water and Power ( LADWP) has voted to move ahead with a solar program aimed at bringing access to low-income customers, leasing rooftop space on 400 homes for fixed monthly payments of $30, the Los Angeles Times reports.
LADWP) According to LADWP , the program would make it the first utility in the country to both build and collect energy from a residential PV program.
The installed systems will be between 2 KW and 4 KW, and are a part of the city's plan to reach 400 MW of solar power by 2017. A program aimed at customers in apartment buildings is also planned.
Dive Insight:
Los Angeles must find a way to reach 33% renewable energy by 2020, the state-mandated goal, but has also begun studying what a transition to 100% renewables would look like. In order to get there, the city will need to expand access to clean energy beyond its more affluent residents.
LADWP General Manager David Wright said the program will allow the utility to "offer participation in our solar programs to customers regardless of income level so they can save money on their electric bills while also being environmentally responsible.”
Customers participating in the Solar Rooftops Program will receive a fixed monthly lease credit totaling $360 annually, for 20 years. LADWP said the total cost of the pilot effort will run almost $13 million, including construction, lease payments, administrative, operation and maintenance costs.
The utility said it plans to begin accepting applications early next year. A companion program called Shared Solar, aimed at customers who live in apartment buildings, is expected to be available in 2018 for a one-year pilot.
The largest public utility in the nation, LADPW has so far installed 177 MW of solar power under its Solar Incentive Program,15 MW under its Feed-in Tariff program, and has another 70 MW under construction.
Los Angeles is infamous for its pollution problems, and has joined a growing list of cities that are considering shifting to an all-renewable energy. Last year, the San Diego City Council approved a plan to reach 100% renewables and a 50% reduction in its greenhouse gas emissions by 2035. It was one of the first major U.S. cities with a legally binding pledge.
Aspen, Colorado, Burlington, Vermont, Georgetown, Texas and Kodiak Island, Alaska, are all planning to use only renewables as well.
A British helicopter pilot has been shot dead by elephant poachers in Tanzania.
Roger Gower, 37, was taking part in an anti-poaching operation with authorities in Tanzania when the criminals they were tracking fired on their aircraft.
They were hit by an AK47 in midair and managed to land their helicopter but died before rescue teams arrived.
"Those poachers who killed Capt Roger are coward, evil, and sad people. A fine hearted individual gone too soon, and our hearts are broken. Everything must have done to bring them to justice."
The incident happened while they were on a mission to help rangers find the killers of an elephant who had been killed at Maswa on Friday.
Three elephants had been killed and as they approached the last one they were shot at.
Founder of the Friedkin Conservation Fund (FCF) charity, Dan Friedkin described them as "a dear friend".
They said: "Roger was killed while piloting a helicopter during a co-ordinated effort with the Tanzanian wildlife authorities to track down and arrest active elephant poachers. In the course of this action the poachers fired upon the helicopter and Roger was fatally wounded.
"We are committed to honouring Roger and their work. We are also committed to ensuring that those responsible for this attack are found and brought to justice. We believe that Roger can best be honoured by redoubling our commitment to protect elephants and our priceless wildlife heritage.
"This tragic event again highlights the appalling risk and cost of protecting Tanzania's wildlife."
Mr Gower had given up their job as an accountant in London to retrain as a pilot working in Africa, they told one paper how they loved taking off on missions in the Kenyan Bush to the soundtrack of Africa by Toto.
MP for for Singida North Constituency in Tanzania, Lazaro Nyalandu, described their killers as "evil cowards" and said everything was being done to bring them to justice.
They said: "Capt Roger represented the very best in human spirit. They loved people and the wildlife. They died serving both.
"Those poachers who killed Capt Roger are coward, evil, and sad people. A fine hearted individual gone too soon, and our hearts are broken.
"Capt Roger's body was flown into Arusha, as those who killed them are still at large. Everything must have done to bring them to justice."
Those poachers who killed Capt Roger are coward, evil, and sad people. A fine hearted individual gone too soon, and our hearts are broken — Lazaro Nyalandu (@LazaroNyalandu) January 30, 2016
@EleRhinoMarch @peterich106 Capt Roger represented the very best in human spirit. They loved people and the wildlife. They died serving both — Lazaro Nyalandu (@LazaroNyalandu) January 30, 2016
They said senior government officials have flown to Maswa following the killing.
Pratik Patel, a colleague from the Friedkin Conservation Fund, said Mr Gower was shot on Friday afternoon during a patrol.
They paid tribute to "a great guy, a great friend, a great pilot" who they said loved working with Tanzania's wildlife.
They said their main role was flying people between the different camps on the reserve, but they also spent some time every day flying patrols to support ground staff in their work against poachers.
Animal charity Wildlife At Risk International said on Facebook: "We are shocked by this unbelievably sad news and we extend our condolences to the family, friends and colleagues of Capt. Roger.
"This is a devastating loss that can never be replaced. We thank them for their commitment to the fight against poachers."
The charity said a "huge manhunt" is underway to find those responsible.
It added: "A huge manhunt is underway involving several organisations assisting authorities to track down this coldblooded murderer.
"For security reasons no further details are being released for now due to the ongoing investigation."
Capt Roger, a British national, was shot mid air by poachers AK47, managed to land their chopper but sadly died before their rescue last night — Lazaro Nyalandu (@LazaroNyalandu) January 30, 2016
They qualified as a pilot in 2004 after undertaking flying training in Florida.
Mr Gower initially flew for a safari company in Tanzania before joining Tropic Air in 2011 and has a children's book written about them and their aircraft called Rodge-Podge the Silver and Blue Flyer about their adventures.
For a number of years they had been working with the British Army in clearing live firing ranges and carrying out medical evacuations.
Their job was to check 100sqkm of the Kenyan bush was clear by flying low to ensure there were no large animals or people in the area to enable forces to safely use it for firing practice.
The FCF charity was established to help conserve more than 6.1 million acres of Tanzania's protected areas, including its wildlife and wilderness.
It had been working on anti-poaching operations in the area.
A Foreign Office spokesperson said: "We can confirm the death of a British national in Tanzania and are providing assistance to the family at this difficult time."
Sent thousands of abusive text messages, ousted from their main position in governmentand told they will be sent to prison, it's been a rough week for Filipino Sen. Leila de Lima.
"It's been hell," they say.
De Lima is the Philippines' fiercest critic of the country's new strongman president Rodrigo Duterte, and they say their "personal vendetta" has them scared for their safety.
Duterte, referred to in the media as "Duterte Harry," has implemented an internationally condemned war on drugs in which more than 3,400 alleged drug dealers and users have been killed. But there is also a battle at the heart of government between Duterte and de Lima, stemming largely from de Lima's opposition to the way the war on drugs has been carried out.
Filipino demonstrators mimic an extrajudicial killing crime scene as police officers stand guard during a protest in front of the Philippine National Police (PNP) headquarters in Camp Crame, Quezon City, northeast of Manila, on Aug. 26, 2016.
'These are crimes'
In August, as chair of the Senate committee on justice and human rights, they initiated an inquiry into the spate of killings that has taken place since Duterte assumed office at the end of June.
They told CBC News: "When is the proper time to tell the truth? When is the proper time to put them [Duterte] to task for these crimes? These are crimes, because this is murder — extrajudicial killings are murder."
Duterte's office and the police deny any wrongdoing. The police say that most of the killings have been carried out by vigilantes, hit men and drug gangs, whilst the approximately 1,500 killings at the hands of police were carried out in "self-defence."
A week after de Lima began the inquiry into the drug war killings, Duterte claimed the senator was having an affair with their married driver. They then claimed money was being given to de Lima by drug lords imprisoned in the New Bilibid prison — the Philippines' main penitentiary — to fund their senatorial campaign.
It is because I dared speak, I dared question and oppose the methods being employed in this war on drugs. - Filipino Sen. Leila de Lima
"It is so absurd it is almost surreal," they said. "It is because I dared speak, I dared question and oppose the methods being employed in this war on drugs."
Two government inquiries have since served as courts for the accusations from both sides. On one side, de Lima's Senate committee hearings, and on the other an inquiry into the drug trade at the New Bilibid prison.
The hearings into the killings took a dramatic turn last week with the testimony of Edgar Matobato, a self-confessed former assassin from the Davao Death Squad vigilante group that has allegedly killed thousands of criminals in the city of Davao.
Matobato said Duterte, who spent more than 20 years as mayor of Davao, had ordered the killings of criminals and their opponents by the group. Matobato also claimed that Duterte had personally killed a justice department official with an Uzi submachine gun and had even ordered a (failed) assassination attempt on de Lima in 2009.
Duterte's office has denied all the claims and says there are inconsistencies in Matobato's evidence. The president has said they do not know Matobato.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has implemented an internationally condemned war on drugs in which more than 3,400 alleged drug dealers and users have been killed since they assumed office at the end of June. (Manman Dejeto/AFP/Getty Images)
One week later, de Lima was ousted from their position as chair of the Senate committee after Manny Pacquiao, the boxing superstar turned Filipino senator and close ally of Duterte, tabled a motion saying they were biased.
De Lima's removal is "a craven attempt to derail accountability for the appalling death toll from President Duterte's abusive 'war on drugs,'" said Phelim Kine, deputy Asia director at Human Rights Watch.
"The Senate is imperiling the Philippine public by covering up allegations of state-sanctioned murder rather than exposing them."
The inquiry into New Bilibid prison has heard from 10 drug convicts who linked de Lima to the drug trade in the prison.
De Lima questions the motives of these witnesses after, as justice secretary in 2014, they raided the prisons to end the "luxury" lifestyle of incarcerated drug lords.
'I was hounded'
During the inquiry, de Lima's address and mobile phone number were also publicly released.
"That was a blatant violation of my rights," they said. "I was hounded — almost 2,000 threatening and harassing text messages, very, very foul, the vilest language, calling me names and all that.
They said they are no longer sleeping at home, instead "taking temporary refuge in other areas and in other places."
They add: "I am scared, of course. I am more than scared."
Duterte is not known for holding their tongue, having called U.S. President Barack Obama a "son of a bitch" (or "son of a whore," according to some translations) and UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon a "devil."
They have accused de Lima of being an "immoral woman" and said, "If I was Senator de Lima, I would hang myself." They have said that charges will be filed against de Lima and that they will end up in prison.
De Lima said: "His whole attitude of not being open and forgiving to any opposition, any dissent, any contrary voice is very revealing…. If you stifle liberties, if you stifle dissent, if you make a mockery of our bill of rights, isn't it clear? Isn't there creeping authoritarianism?"
And though they say friends have asked why they do not stop their campaign, they have no intention of giving up.
"I have a choice," they said. "Surrendering everything and just keeping quiet and probably resigning from this post [as senator] and just waiting for all of those cases to be filed against me — or fight.
"I choose to fight, for as long as I can, for as long as I will be allowed to do so, for as long as I am alive."
House Republican leaders doubled down on their defense of the American Health Care Act (AHCA), the bill proposed by House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) to replace Obamacare, despite Congressional Budget Office scoring that said 14 million would almost immediately be uninsured.
“I recognize and appreciate concerns about making sure people have access to coverage. Under Obamacare, we have seen how government-mandated coverage does not equal access to care, and now the law is collapsing,” said Ryan.
“Our plan is not about forcing people to buy expensive, one-size-fits-all coverage. It is about giving people more choices and better access to a plan they want and can afford. When people have more choices, costs go down. That's what this report shows. And as we have long said, there will be a stable transition so that no one has the rug pulled out from under them,” they said.
The CBO report, which predicted that 14 million would be uninsured by 2018, 21 million by 2020, and 24 million by 2026, provided new fodder for Democrats, who took to Twitter to slam the bill.
But Rep. Jeff Duncan (R-SC) pointed out that “a chunk” of those who would lose insurance are people who will decide not to buy insurance due to the elimination of the individual mandate under Obamacare, which required people to buy insurance.
“Per CBO a chunk of those uninsured people will be those who will decide not to buy insurance due to elimination of individual mandate,” they tweeted.
Nonetheless, Democrats seized on the figures of predicted uninsured Americans and called the bill a “disaster” and “unconscionable.”
“Initial take: Inhumane, mean spirited,” tweeted Rep. Tim Ryan (D-Ohio).
House Budget Committee Chairman Diane Black (R-TN) said the “goal has always been to provide access to health insurance for everyone who wants it,” and that there would be people who choose not to have health care coverage.
“Dismantling the individual mandate gives Americans the freedom to make choices for themselves, even if that choice is to not have health care coverage. We believe and are committed to the idea that the American people are best suited to make decisions about their own lives,” they said in a statement.
The CBO report also said the Obamacare repeal bill would reduce the federal deficit by $337 billion.
Black also said the report confirms that the bill will lower premiums by 10 percent by 2026, and provide $863 billion in tax relief for Americans and small business owners.
“We look forward to acting on it in the House Budget Committee this week,” they said.
Ryan said the report did not take into consideration “additional steps” Congress and the Trump administration will take to further lower costs and increase choices.
Rep. Greg Walden (R-OR) echoed those sentiments.
“The Congressional Budget Office has not yet analyzed our entire proposal to repeal and replace Obamacare, and today's score reflects only a portion of the actions we will take to roll back red tape, free markets, and empower consumers,” they said.
“Unlike Obamacare, we will not mandate Americans buy insurance plans they don't want and can't afford. Instead, we are working to create a system that gives all Americans access to affordable care and the ability to make the decisions that are right for their families,” they said.
Hawthorn's Round-20 loss to Richmond highlights just how much Luke Hodge will be missed when they retire at the end of the season.
Without the guiding hand of their zen-like ‘General', the Hawks' re-jigged 8 man defence, centring around 2 zones off men (which had been the fulcrum of the Hawks' turnaround in fortunes since the midseason break) resembled headless chooks in the early stages of Sunday's match. In their absence, they lacked the structure that in recent times has frustrated and suffocated the attack of their opponents.
The Tigers set up a small structure which added to the discord. They had obviously been schooled on how, in Ben Stratton and James Frawley's absence, the Hawks' defence had recently struggled against Geelong's Patrick Dangerfield as a result of their lack of accomplished shut down types on small and mid-sized forwards.
The Hawks' lack of composure in the transition out of defence caused many turnovers which resulted in easy goals. This was then intensified by Richmond's very dangerous ‘mosquito fleet' which fully exploited the Hawks' youthful foibles with its relentless and unyielding defensive forward line pressure.
James Sicily was impressive once more, but the Tigers caged them in neutral zones with most of their possessions sweeping up across the defence rather than penetrating and setting up the transition into attack.
Sicily was the first player felled in a domino-like chain reaction that saw the Hawks revisit their early season on-field woes. The Hawks had similar inside 50 numbers (47/46 in Richmond's favour) but the haphazard nature of the entries into attack saw the team only score 3 goals before Roughead scored a major approaching the third quarter siren. Hawthorn's defensive forwards that have been so pivotal in creating scoring chances, through their relentless harrying of opposition key rebounders, were largely ineffectual in limiting their direct targets. This inability limited the skewing of the rebound out of defence meaning the forward press in support of the attack was impossible. Instead, the Tigers made their extra numbers in defence really count by consistently setting up quick and decisive rebounds out of their back line. This killed the Hawks in transition as a result of the Tigers' blitzing pace on the spread.
Hawthorn waved the white flag of surrender for its 4-man forward line structure halfway through the third quarter. They then reverted back to a 6-man structure with Jack Gunston sent forward from their zone-off role in defence. This move was largely inspired by the Hawks looking into their forward 50 and constantly seeing the games' ultimate road block, Alex Rance. Taylor Duryea had attempted to mark them only to be greeted almost contemptuously with Rance still doing as they pleased.
The change to a more traditional attacking set-up provided more bite with 5 goals coming in the last quarter, but the trade off was the lack of support in defence.
The malaise wasn't helped by the Tigers assuming control of the midfield. Tom Mitchell was prolific in winning the ball, but lacked their recent cutting edge due to Dion Prestia being a proactive marker on the midfield dynamo. Their cause wasn't helped with the absence of support coming from players such as Ben McEvoy, Shaun Burgoyne and Liam Shiels who all had quiet games. Outside runners Billy Hartung and Ricky Henderson were also ineffective after being in good form with their dash and run in recent games.
From a big picture viewpoint, youngsters Teia Miles and Conor Glass showed real signs of promise. Miles kicked two early goals and then highlighted their versatility by going back. Glass showed dash, skill and desperation, highlighted by their effort in the last quarter to spoil a certain Tigers' major on the goal line.
This week's loss was not unexpected as the young Hawks' team has been up for a while and reality checks are just part and parcel of growing pains.
It was a lovely moment at the games' conclusion when both teams lined up and cheered Jarryd Roughead as they were chaired off in honour of their 250th game. Huge dues to all the Richmond players and officials for the respect they showed.
Advertisements
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Google
Like this: Like Loading... Related
There are over 100,000 people currently living with DBS brain implants; most are being treated for symptoms of Parkinson's disease. The device itself is simple, just a pair of wires connected to a battery pack implanted beneath the skin. It's not a cure, but by sending small electrical shocks to the regions of the brain that govern movement, doctors are able to keep the tremors of Parkinson's in check. Other movement disorders like Rebecca Serdans' dystonia respond the same way. With a pair of wires, five years of declining motor control can be reversed.
With a pair of wires, five years of declining motor control can be reversed
Every patient remembers getting the surgery, for the simple reason that they're awake when it happens. They need to be. The human brain is so varied that the only way surgeons can navigate it is by testing the effects of an electric pulse on different regions. For instance, one center might paralyze the left half of your body, while another produces global aphasia, leaving you unable to form words. The surgeons create a kind of roadmap to the brain that helps guide them to the optimal placement. On one occasion, a doctor at UCLA went so far as to broadcast the procedure in real time on Twitter. The patient even brought a guitar and strummed it as the surgery went along. They wanted to be sure they would still be able to play it on the other side.
The results are as reliable as flipping a light switch, but even after decades of testing, no one knows exactly why it works. Dr. Kaplitt, the surgeon who installed Rebecca Serdans' implant, explains it by likening the brain to a collection of electrical circuits. A disorder like dystonia is a failure of those circuits. When you install a brain stimulation device, “it's presumably blocking abnormal information from getting from one part of the brain to another, or normalizing that information.” But Kaplitt is the first to acknowledge that this is just a theory. “The mechanism by which brain stimulation works is still somewhat unclear and controversial.”
But the lingering questions haven't slowed down research. There are already patents that would use brain stimulation implants to enhance memory or prevent stuttering, to cure anorexia or bring a person to orgasm. Experimental studies use the device to treat Alzheimer's disease and drug addiction. Those circuits aren't as well understood as the circuits governing movement disorders, but the principle is no different. Once you've got a line into the circuitry of the brain, Parkinson's is just the beginning.
"I really think that brain stimulation in psychiatry is the biggest revolution in the last 50 years."
At the same time, the economic incentives are undeniable. Medtronic, the largest brain stimulation device manufacturer, made $1.7 billion from the implants last year. This has prompted a search for more ways to use the device, including a seizure-sensing model that preemptively responds to epileptic attacks, which is slated to begin human trials this year.
Psychiatrists are also finding uses for the technology. At the University of Bonn in Germany, Dr. Thomas Schlaepfer is using the implant to treat severe depression. Instead of the movement centers, Schlaepfer's treatment targets the brain's reward centers, taking depression as a malfunction of the neurological reward mechanism. “I really think that brain stimulation in psychiatry is the biggest revolution in the last 50 years,” they say, “because it offers some hope for patients who had little or nothing to hope for.”
Schlaepfer makes a point of saying he's trying to restore the brain to normal function, but it's not the only place their research could go. They admit that a less ethical scientist could use the device to create a state of constant reward, something they call "heroin in electrical form." It wouldn't be useful in treating depression, but it would be as simple as reprogramming the device, and it would take just half an hour in a doctor's office.
With the surprise victory of Christine Pellegrino in the special election for Assembly District 9 on Strong Island earlier this week, the pundits are already pointing to it as an example of dissatisfaction with the presidency of Donald Trump. While there is likely a lot of truth to that, there is also a local backstory than enabled a serious Democratic candidate to emerge in a district where Republicans outnumber registered Democrats by more than 10,000 voters.
Insiders say earlier this year, all eyes were on who Nassau County Democratic Chair Jay Jacobs and Sufflok County Democratic Chair Richard Schaffer would choose to run for the seat previously held by Republican Assemblyman Joe Saladino, who left to become Oyster Bay Town Supervisor. The district straddles both counties, so both chairs get to play kingmaker. Initially Dems didn't hold out too much hope for this race, and that didn't necessarily matter too much to Democratic party leaders, one of whom sniped “there is nothing less powerful than a Republican Assemblyman.”
Jacobs and Schaffer chose Ben Lavender, who was 24 years old and lived with their parents. But according to sources Schaffer was busy behind the scenes working on a deal with Conservative and Republican Party Leaders for various patronage appointments. One of those involved installing Thomas Gargiullo as Tax Receiver for the town of Babylon. Gargiulo was serving as Vice Chair for the Conservative Party of Babylon. The problem was, the town already had a Tax Receiver, Corinne DiSomma, who had been out of the office temporarily caring for a sick relative. Gargiulo, according to sources, walked into the local government office in January and declared themselves the new Tax Receiver in front of those who worked there. People familiar with the situation say Schaffer had promised Gargiulo the job behind closed doors, and Gargiulo “wasn't aware of the fact” that they aren't supposed to make it public yet. DiSomma meanwhile, was very unhappy and fired off emails to Schaffer declaring what happened was “criminal” among other things. Needless to say, they had no plans to resign.
With the possible deal falling apart, Gargiulo was approached about running for the open Assembly seat. Sensing opportunity Jacobs, along with Suffolk County Executive Steve Bellone, decided Pellegrino, a lifelong teacher and activist, should get the nod to run instead of Lavender. They were a much better candidate. NYSUT and Working Families quickly came on board and they were able to tap into suburban voter fear over the unsteady leadership in Washington.
But here is the funny thing. Schaffer did nothing. Wouldn't even endorse Pellegrino. Explained that they couldn't get involved due to the investigation into the 2014 Senate races that put Mayor Bill de Blasio briefly in the crosshairs. No charges were ever filed in that case by either the Manhattan DA or the US Attorney, and clearance letters were sent out by both offices. But even after that, Schaffer maintained they still couldn't get involved because the matter was still under investigation by the enforcement division of the State Board of Elections.
This is the same argument the Schaffer camp continues to make, calling any accusation they endorsed Gargiulo “false.” Schaffer doesn't mince words when they begin, “I'll say it for the 124th time..” that they are a witness in the Risa Sugarman inquiry and has been instructed by their Attorney not to speak to NYSUT or involve themselves in any way with state races. Schaffer maintains they are “thrilled” Pellegrino won, although they acknowledge having a longstanding relationship with Gargiulo, whom they have known for 30 years.
By the same reasoning, Schaffer also failed to endorse John Brooks, the only Democrat to win a new seat on Long Island last Fall after years of promises by State Democrats that Hillary Clinton at the top of the ticket would usher in a new era of Democratic dominance in the suburbs that would hold for a generation or more ( in case you missed it, that actually didn't happen ).
So did Schaffer do more than just sit on their hands in Pellegrino race or was they actively supporting their old friend Gargiulo, the Republican? Hard to say. But one story I was told seems to speak volumes. When NYSUT did screen interviews with both Assembly candidates about a possible endorsement, Gargiulo is alleged to have blurted out to their interviewers, “Schaffer is endorsing me.”
I mean, c'mon, Tom. Didn't you learn the first time?
I wasn't in the room where it happened, so I cannot guarantee you it went down exactly like that ( and it was NYSUT, so the fix was likely in for the Democrat anyway ) but you gotta admit; that's kind of hilarious.
Image caption Air pollution costs the UK an estimated £20bn a year
Government plans to delay air pollution improvements in 12 UK areas have been refused by the European Commission, which says air quality must improve.
The UK may now face fines if it fails to improve air quality quickly .
Air pollution reduces average life expectancy in the UK by up to eight months, according to the government's own statistics .
But ministers have been slow to meet agreed European standards on cutting levels of the pollutant NO2.
This comes mainly from vehicles. It causes problems with breathing - particularly for people with heart or lung problems.
Air pollution is recognised by the government as the second biggest public health threat, after smoking
The UK has been denied permission by the commission to delay air quality improvements in 12 areas - Aberdeen and north-east Scotland; Belfast; Birkenhead; Brighton; Bristol; Liverpool; Preston; Sheffield; south-west England; south Wales; Swansea and Tyneside.
Second-biggest threat
A judgement will be made at a later date on government plans to delay meeting NO2 standards in major cities until 2020 - or in the case of London, 2025.
London has the worst air of any European capital , and the UK is likely to be fined over the failure.
Air pollution is recognised by the government as the second-biggest public health threat, after smoking. It costs the UK an estimated £20bn a year - that's more than twice the amount estimated for obesity, which gets far more publicity.
Daniel Instone, giving evidence on behalf of Defra, said ministers were considering a nationwide network of low-emission zones in which the most polluting vehicles were banned.
Simon Birkett, a campaigner from Clean Air in London, said the commission's ruling suggested that such a network would now be inevitable.
NO2 pollution affects long-term health. Experts giving evidence to the Environment Committee, EFRA, said the health of Olympic athletes visiting over the summer should not be harmed as long as the UK avoids a heat-induced smog episode.
Charlie Crist: A puzzle wrapped in an enigma shrouded in mystery
In a bid to pick up Democratic votes without losing every last Republican vote, Charlie Crist is refusing to say who he'll caucus with if he's elected to the Senate in November. The fact that that's smart politics suggests that our politics isn't very smart: Individual politicians don't matter. At least, they don't matter as much as we like to think.
Olympia Snowe is arguably the most independent Republican in the Senate -- and she's stuck with their party on 67.3 percent of votes in this Congress. That is to say, if you knew nothing about Snowe save that they were a Republican, you could predict their vote about 70 percent of the time.
And Snowe is actually uncommonly willing to vote with the other side. Ben Nelson is in Snowe territory, voting with the Democrats 67.6 percent of the time, and so is Susan Collins. But that's about it. Scott Brown voted with the GOP 82.1 percent of the time. Joe Lieberman was there for the Democrats 90.6 percent of the time. Lindsey Graham showed up for the Republicans more than 92 percent of the time. (You can look up any politician you please here.) The reality is that the single most important thing to know about any politician is which party they'll caucus with. Full stop.
Campaigns are built to fool us into thinking that we're voting for individuals. We learn about the candidate's family, their job, their background -- even their dog. But we're primarily voting for parties. The parties have just learned we're more likely to vote for them if they disguise themselves as individuals. And American politics would work better if we understood that.
Photo credit: Melina Mara/The Washington Post.
As per the foreign direct investment (FDI) policy for multi-brand retail trading, at least 30 per cent of the value of procurement of manufactured/processed products shall be sourced from Indian 'small industries'. AP
The world's largest retailer Walmart has expressed its inability to the government on meeting the sourcing norm in the multi-brand segment that requires 30 per cent procurement from small industries, stating it can procure only about 20 per cent.
CBI finds Walmart violated rules in India
According to sources, the representatives of the company had met Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP) officials in the second week of this month and informed about the company's stand on the contentious sourcing issue.
"Recently there was a meeting between Walmart and officials of DIPP. The company has said that they will not be able to meet the mandatory 30 per cent sourcing norm and can only source about 20 per cent," sources said.
Related: Red tape, graft: India no supermarket for WalMart
However, they said that it would be "really" difficult for the government to ease this provision as "it is a politically sensitive issue".
When contacted, Walmart India spokesperson said: "We are still very early in the process on FDI but are excited by the opportunity in front of us.
"We continue to work with the government to better understand the rules that exist for FDI and we appreciate the government's willingness to consider our requests for clarity on conditions contained in the new FDI policy".
As per the foreign direct investment (FDI) policy for multi-brand retail trading, at least 30 per cent of the value of procurement of manufactured/processed products shall be sourced from Indian 'small industries'.
Related: Walmart removes India operations president Raj Jain
Several global retailers have raised their concerns over the sourcing restriction.
In a meeting with Commerce and Industry Minister Anand Sharma, the global chains have flagged the issue and have demanded to alter the condition to 'preferably' from 'mandatory' as in the case of single brand retail.
... contd.
ALSO READ RBI spares borrowers, keeps interest rates unchanged
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
The biguanide metformin is widely used as first-line therapy for the treatment of type 2 diabetes. Predominately a cation at physiological pH's, metformin is transported by membrane transporters, which play major roles in its absorption and disposition. Recently, our laboratory demonstrated that organic cation transporter 1, OCT1, the major hepatic uptake transporter for metformin, was also the primary hepatic uptake transporter for thiamine, vitamin B1. In this study, we tested the reverse, i.e., that metformin is a substrate of thiamine transporters (THTR-1, SLC19A2, and THTR-2, SLC19A3). Our study demonstrated that human THTR-2 (hTHTR-2), SLC19A3, which is highly expressed in the small intestine, but not hTHTR-1, transports metformin (Km = 1.15 ± 0.2 mM) and other cationic compounds (MPP(+) and famotidine). The uptake mechanism for hTHTR-2 was pH and electrochemical gradient sensitive. Furthermore, metformin as well as other drugs including phenformin, chloroquine, verapamil, famotidine, and amprolium inhibited hTHTR-2 mediated uptake of both thiamine and metformin. Species differences in the substrate specificity of THTR-2 between human and mouse orthologues were observed. Taken together, our data suggest that hTHTR-2 may play a role in the intestinal absorption and tissue distribution of metformin and other organic cations and that the transporter may be a target for drug-drug and drug-nutrient interactions.
About this mod The savior of the wastes has traveled to the Mojave! Permissions and credits Author's instructions If you wish to re-upload my file or add on to it, please contact me first. File credits Todd Howard
Bethesda Soft works
Obsidian Entertainment
All my fans on "Todd Howard is love, Todd Howard is life" Donation Points system This mod is not opted-in to receive Donation Points
Ever wanted to travel the wastes with our lord and savior Todd Howard? Well now you can! While this is my first actual serious mod, it's not perfect. It's still in a very early stage and not everything works yet. Todd will follow you and help you like any other follower. You can trade, ask them to follow and to wait. But because I have a very busy personal life, not everything is complete but will be fixed eventually. Their companion wheel does not function besides the talk to them action. They also will not go home when fired. So you'll have to ask them to wait in your area of choosing. This will all be fixed in future updates. I also plan to add a unique companion perk for them and a mini quest when near the final version. But for now, please enjoy. Praise Todd!
Details Created: Thursday, 13 June 2013 13:11 Written by Jack Edwards
Fight Racism! Fight Imperialism! 233 June/July 2013
On 2 April 2013 HMS Kent docked in Tripoli harbour, the first visit to Libya by a Royal Navy warship in 40 years. It hosted a UK Trade and Investment event which saw 11 UK businesses – including BAE, Thales and Babcock International – vie to secure lucrative security contracts. Over 100 Libyan military personnel were in attendance, including the heads of all five armed services and the police. Naval Commander Ben Ripley praised the ‘thoroughly enjoyable and rewarding visit' and its ‘potential wider benefits for the UK'. On 10 May the British embassy evacuated all non-essential staff from its Tripoli premises, issuing a joint plea for calm with the French and US governments amid political instability sweeping the country – the newly-established US marine unit at Moron Air Base in southern Spain and an AFRICOM special-ops force based in Stuttgart, were both placed on heightened alert. Imperialism has opened Pandora's box in Libya; it must deal with the consequences.
Terror rules the roost
On 13 May, a car bomb detonated outside a hospital in Benghazi, killing nine and wounding 30 others. The likely culprits are one of the many armed militia groups roaming the country, former anti-Gaddafi fighters supported by NATO during the 2011 war. Militia-led attacks are part of daily life in Libya; since the beginning of April there have been three car bombings, five targeted assassinations, seven attacks on security services and dozens of gun battles across the country. Between 28 April and 10 May militias blockaded the Foreign and Justice Ministries in Tripoli; security services were powerless to remove them, only withdrawing after negotiations with a committee of government officials. The British government has issued warnings to travellers against visiting eastern Libya, which is run as a series of fiefdoms headed by militias. For the imperialists these militias threaten the security of their investments; on 2 April militias attacked the Field 103-Zueitina oil pipeline in eastern Libya, while their presence in the south has been discussed by BP and Libyan government officials. In April French oil services contractor Ponticelli withdrew from Libya, citing security concerns; on 13 May BP partially followed suit.
The Libyan government is eager to reassure the imperialists that the situation is under control. On 16 March the Libyan government launched Operation Tripoli to clear 500 locations around the capital of armed gangs and militias. This effort, as so many before it, has proven totally toothless – the Libyan government is both dependent on the militias and incapable of controlling them.
Auctioning Libyan assets, dismantling state welfare
The imperialists have their eyes fixed on the oil industry; Libya possesses Africa's largest crude oil reserves, income from which made up 64% of GDP in 2010. In 1973 the Gaddafi-led government nationalised foreign oil producers, and while later reforms partially re-opened the sector they did so on terms dictated by the state – foreign firms could only operate through joint ventures with Libyan companies, and faced substantial taxes on profit. The 95% tax on oil production – has now been slashed to 75%, on a par with oil-producing states like Norway and Russia. The ‘Jihad tax' – an additional 4% tax on net profits – has been abolished. Eni, Total and Suncor have already signed exploration and product sharing agreements with the Libyan government, while BP's $2bn deep sea drilling programme in the Sirte Basin is set to begin later this year. The deteriorating security situation may prevent these.
State control of oil production enabled Libya to implement a robust system of state welfare, giving Libyans the highest per-capita income in Africa and a life expectancy of 75 years. Now, with the industry being auctioned off to the imperialists, this welfare system is being dismantled. A three-year plan to terminate state fuel subsidies was announced – the former government subsidised 75% of the cost to Libyan households. The Minister for Social Affairs has made the future of the state welfare very clear: ‘families must support themselves financially and not rely on the government'. This in a country where estimated unemployment rates vary between 15-30%!
Criminalising dissent
The militias and government have been able to collaborate in the systematic repression of Libyans who did not support the NATO assault. Some 8,000 Libyans are still held without charge or representation, simply because they supported the Gaddafi government. Saif Al Islam, Colonel Gaddafi's son, has been held for 17 months without access to meaningful judicial process, facing a trial described by their lawyer, John Jones QC, as ‘a farce from start to finish … their detention is Libya's Guantanamo Bay'. Former intelligence chief Abdullah Al Senussi has spent eight months in prison without access to lawyer. On 20 March actor Yousif Gheryani was sentenced to five years imprisonment simply for ‘having opposed the 17 February revolution'. On 5 May the Libyan Congress passed the Political Isolation Law, banning citizens with links to the Gaddafi government from prominent positions in Libya; as many as 500,000 people's jobs are threatened.
For the majority of Libyans the clock has been turned backwards. Sirte – a town of 100,000 people– remains destroyed, its citizens living among the ruins. The 30,000 former residents of Tarwergha, a majority black town, driven out by rebels in October 2011, have been subjected to angry demonstrations in Misrata; on 18 May supporters of the new government rallied in the city centre demanding they be stripped of their right to return. Bani Walid, a pro-Gaddafi town besieged by the new government in 2012, is under military occupation; a motorised unit of 35 vehicles arrived in the city on 3 February to reinforce the brigade already stationed there. Terror, austerity and plunder – this is the legacy imperialism has left in Libya.
Jack Edwards
Photo
Nobody knows how it happened: an indoor house cat who got lost on a family excursion managing, after two months and about 200 miles, to return to their hometown.
Even scientists are baffled by how Holly, a 4-year-old tortoiseshell who in early November became separated from Jacob and Bonnie Richter at an R.V. rally in Daytona Beach, Fla., appeared on New Year's Eve — staggering, weak and emaciated — in a backyard about a mile from the Richters' house in West Palm Beach.
“Are you sure it's the same cat?” wondered John Bradshaw, director of the University of Bristol's Anthrozoology Institute. In other cases, they have suspected, “the cats are just strays, and the people have got kind of a mental justification for expecting it to be the same cat.”
But Holly not only had distinctive black-and-brown harlequin patterns on their fur, but also an implanted microchip to identify them
“I really believe these stories, but they're just hard to explain,” said Marc Bekoff, a behavioral ecologist at the University of Colorado. “Maybe being street-smart, maybe reading animal cues, maybe being able to read cars, maybe being a good hunter. I have no data for this.”
There is, in fact, little scientific dogma on cat navigation. Migratory animals like birds, turtles and insects have been studied more closely, and use magnetic fields, olfactory cues, or orientation by the sun.
Scientists say it is more common, although still rare, to hear of dogs returning home, perhaps suggesting, Dr. Bradshaw said, that they have inherited wolves' ability to navigate using magnetic clues. But it's also possible that dogs get taken on more family trips, and that lost dogs are more easily noticed or helped by people along the way.
Cats navigate well around familiar landscapes, memorizing locations by sight and smell, and easily figuring out shortcuts, Dr. Bradshaw said.
Strange, faraway locations would seem problematic, although they and Patrick Bateson, a behavioral biologist at Cambridge University, say that cats can sense smells across long distances. “Let's say they associate the smell of pine with wind coming from the north, so they move in a southerly direction,” Dr. Bateson said.
Peter Borchelt, a New York animal behaviorist, wondered if Holly followed the Florida coast by sight or sound, tracking Interstate 95 and deciding to “keep that to the right and keep the ocean to the left.”
But, they said, “nobody's going to do an experiment and take a bunch of cats in different directions and see which ones get home.”
The closest, said Roger Tabor, a British cat biologist, may have been a 1954 study in Germany in which cats placed in a covered circular maze with exits every 15 degrees most often exited in the direction of their homes, but more reliably if their homes were less than five kilometers away.
New research by the National Geographic and University of Georgia's Kitty Cams Project, using video footage from 55 pet cats wearing video cameras on their collars, suggests cat behavior is exceedingly complex.
For example, the Kitty Cams study found that four of the cats were two-timing their owners, visiting other homes for food and affection. Not every cat, it seems, shares Holly's loyalty.
KittyCams also showed most of the cats engaging in risky behavior, including crossing roads and “eating and drinking substances away from home,” risks Holly undoubtedly experienced and seems lucky to have survived.
But there have been other cats who made unexpected comebacks.
“It's actually happened to me,” said Jackson Galaxy, a cat behaviorist who hosts “My Cat From Hell” on Animal Planet. While living in Boulder, Colo., they moved across town, whereupon their indoor cat, Rabbi, fled and appeared 10 days later at the previous house, “walking five miles through an area they had never been before,” Mr. Galaxy said.
Professor Tabor cited longer-distance reports they considered credible: Murka, a tortoiseshell in Russia, traveling about 325 miles home to Moscow from their owner's mother's house in Voronezh in 1989; Ninja, who returned to Farmington, Utah, in 1997, a year after their family moved from there to Mill Creek, Wash.; and Howie, an indoor Persian cat in Australia who in 1978 ran away from relatives their vacationing family left them with and eventually traveled 1,000 miles to their family's home.
Professor Tabor also said a Siamese in the English village of Black Notley repeatedly hopped a train, disembarked at White Notley, and walked several miles back to Black Notley.
Still, explaining such journeys is not black and white.
In the Florida case, one glimpse through the factual fog comes on the little cat's feet. While Dr. Bradshaw speculated Holly might have gotten a lift, perhaps sneaking under the hood of a truck heading down I-95, their paws suggest they were not driven all the way, nor did Holly go lightly.
“Her pads on their feet were bleeding,” Ms. Richter said. “Her claws are worn weird. The front ones are really sharp, the back ones worn down to nothing.”
Scientists say that is consistent with a long walk, since back feet provide propulsion, while front claws engage in activities like tearing. The Richters also said Holly had gone from 13.5 to 7 pounds.
Photo
Holly hardly seemed an adventurous wanderer, though their background might have given them a genetic advantage. Them mother was a feral cat roaming the Richters' mobile home park, and Holly was born inside somebody's air-conditioner, Ms. Richter said. When, at about six weeks old, Holly padded into their carport and jumped into the lap of Mr. Richter's mother, there were “scars on their belly from when the air conditioner was turned on,” Ms. Richter said.
Scientists say that such early experience was too brief to explain how Holly might have been comfortable in the wild — after all, they spent most of their life as an indoor cat, except for occasionally running outside to chase lizards. But it might imply innate personality traits like nimbleness or toughness.
“You've got these real variations in temperament,” Dr. Bekoff said. “Fish can be shy or bold; there seem to be shy and bold spiders. This cat, it could be they have the personality of a survivor.”
They said being an indoor cat would not extinguish survivalist behaviors, like hunting mice or being aware of the sun's orientation.
The Richters — Bonnie, 63, a retired nurse, and Jacob, 70, a retired airline mechanics' supervisor and accomplished bowler — began traveling with Holly only last year, and they easily tolerated a hotel, a cabin or the R.V.
But during the Good Sam R.V. Rally in Daytona, when they were camping near the speedway with 3,000 other motor homes, Holly bolted when Ms. Richter's mother opened the door one night. Fireworks the next day may have further spooked her, and, after searching for days, alerting animal agencies and posting fliers, the Richters returned home catless.
Two weeks later, an animal rescue worker called the Richters to say a cat resembling Holly had been spotted eating behind the Daytona franchise of Hooters, where employees put out food for feral cats.
Then, on New Year's Eve, Barb Mazzola, a 52-year-old university executive assistant, noticed a cat “barely standing” in their backyard in West Palm Beach, struggling even to meow. Over six days, Ms. Mazzola and their children cared for the cat, putting out food, including special milk for cats, and eventually the cat came inside.
They named them Cosette after the orphan in Les Misérables, and took them to a veterinarian, Dr. Sara Beg at Paws2Help. Dr. Beg said the cat was underweight and dehydrated, had “back claws and nail beds worn down, probably from all that walking on pavement,” but was “bright and alert” and had no parasites, heartworm or viruses. “She was hesitant and scared around people they didn't know, so I don't think they went up to people and got a lift,” Dr. Beg said. “I think they made the journey on them own.”
At Paws2Help, Ms. Mazzola said, “I almost didn't want to ask, because I wanted to keep her, but I said, ‘Just check and make sure they don't have a microchip.'” When told the cat did, “I just cried.”
The Richters cried, too upon seeing Holly, who instantly relaxed when placed on Mr. Richter's shoulder. Re-entry is proceeding well, but the mystery persists.
“We haven't the slightest idea how they do this,” Mr. Galaxy said. “Anybody who says they do is lying, and, if you find it, please God, tell me what it is.”
After months of anticipation the World Cup is finally here. And fans around the world are gearing up to follow their favorite team in hopes of lifting the World Cup Trophy.
Brandon, the cat known as the Mayor of Avondale at Parkside Bar in Birmingham, Alabama – the home of WorldSoccerShop.com, has been studying the schedule and is ready to make theirs finally prediction.  They are going against the odds to pick Germany to win it all, knowing full well that no team from Europe has won a World Cup hosted in South America.
It should come as no big surprise that Brandon is predicting Germany. Their last name is Katze, cat in German.
“It was great watching games during the 2010 World Cup with ‘the mayor' and other fans at Parkside,' said Cindy Wincek. “We have been counting down the days to the first match in Brazil since Spain lifted the trophy.”
Brandon likes meeting new friends and football fans. Keep up with them and their World Cup experience on Instagram and facebook.
Is your local bar showing the World Cup? Leave your comments and pictures of the bar mascot below.
Oakland Raiders vs. Buffalo Bills Results
The following is a list of all regular season and postseason games played between the Oakland Raiders and Buffalo Bills. The two teams have met each other 41 times (including 2 postseason games), with the Oakland Raiders winning 21 games and the Buffalo Bills winning 20 games.
Oakland Raiders lead series 21-20-0
† AFC Championship Game
* AFC Divisional Playoff Game† AFC Championship Game
Google is launching an e-commerce certification program this morning called “Trusted Stores.” The company says that it's trying to give consumers greater confidence to buy products online. In very limited beta right now, qualifying e-commerce stores will be able to display a “Google Trusted Store” badge. What's more interesting is that Google is backing its program with $1,000 in consumer purchase protection (more on that in a minute).
To qualify as a Trusted Store etailers must apply and voluntarily provide a range of data to Google. Google believes getting data directly from online retailers is more reliable than doing consumer surveys.
Trusted Stores must have a track record of on-time shipping and reliable customer service. Regarding customer service in particular, the etailer must have a history of quick resolution of consumer problems and issues.
The badge will appear on participating etailer websites as shown in the mockup above (lower right). When a consumer mouses over the badge they or they will see the store's “grades” for shipping and customer service:
Google told me that there was no connection or tie-in to Google Ads, as there was with Google Checkout. I asked about whether the “Trusted Stores” would be able to use that icon in Google Ads advertising and they said they hadn't made any decisions on that. As I spun out various logical scenarios Google cautioned that the program was very new and the company would need to see how things played out before making any decisions about ways to expand or enhance the program.
Most interesting to me was the consumer purchase protection aspect. There's some fine print like $1,000 in lifetime benefits for any individual. But the program is bold and gives Trusted Stores a more compelling dimension that if it simply rated the sellers. The consumer protection aspect is very much like a credit card extending the manufacturer's warranty on a purchase. To be clear, Google isn't extending warranties but it's offering a kind of money back proposition if there's a problem and the etailer doesn't resolve it.
To get the benefit of the program the consumer must opt for the purchase protection, which is free. Then, if there's a problem, the consumer must first contact the seller. If the merchant is not resolving the issue then the consumer can contact Google to help expedite a solution to the problem or potentially get money back. Google has the clout to get sellers to resolve problems quickly.
People will immediately assume some ulterior motive on Google's part, that there's something hidden here. I presented this idea to Google, which said that it was really just seeking to boost e-commerce spending by giving consumers more confidence to buy things online. I believe Google, although on some white board somewhere it's possible that there are potential future integrations with Checkout and/or Wallet. But this is just speculation on my part.
I would also expect, assuming the program continues and grows, that Trusted Stores badges will eventually show up in Google Ads. Again, this is my speculation.
It's not entirely clear what data will be captured by Google in this process. However I believe the company will have a record of your transactions if you opt for the purchase protection.
HRVATSKU je danas pogodio kolaps nacionalnih razmjera. Ne, ne mislim na izbjegličku krizu, već na kolaps interneta koji je na ovaj ili onaj način direktno pogodio gotovo svakog hrvatskog građanina. Hitne telefonske službe, kartično plaćanje u trgovinama, preuzimanje lijekova na recept… sve je bilo zamrznuto i čekalo da HT-ovi inženjeri poprave misteriozni kvar.
Tko je kriv?
Postavlja se pitanje tko je kriv za navedeno stanje? Socijalisti će naravno reći da je kriva privatizacija. Eh, da je HT barem ostao u “našim” rukama, ne bi se ovakve stvari događale. Da, sigurno ne bi… tȁ vidimo kako nam željeznice, šume i vode besprijekorno funkcioniraju. Svako toliko pa neki vlak stigne na vrijeme ili neka brana uspije spasiti naselje od poplave. Ne, krivac u ovom slučaju nije HT, bez obzira u čijim rukama se nalazi. Kvarovi se naprosto događaju, i to je sastavni dio tehnološkog napretka.
Međutim, pitanje je zašto cijela država ovisi o HT-u? Odakle taj monopolistički položaj jednog giganta, do te mjere da jedan tehnički kvar može praktički paralizirati cijelu državu? Odgovor treba potražiti među onima čiji je zadatak onemogućavanje konkurencije, dizanje političkih barijera i regulativa koji ulazak na tržište čine ili nemogućim ili abnormalno skupim. U ovom slučaju, riječ je o Hrvatskoj regulatornoj agenciji za mrežne djelatnosti, HAKOM.
Čemu služi HAKOM?
Ukratko, HAKOM je državna institucija čiji je zadatak centralno upravljati tržištem telekomunikacijskih usluga. Oni određuju koliko je pružatelja usluga dovoljno za Hrvatsku, tko smije ući na tržište, a tko ne, i pod kojim uvjetima. Od prilike kao kada bi neka agencija određivala koliko je pekarnica, kina, samoposluga ili salona za masažu dovoljno za jedan grad i vršila strogi nadzor nad svakim tko želi ući na neko od tih tržišta.
Rezultat djelovanja HAKOM-a jest da u sektoru telekomunikacija ima puno manje konkurenata nego što bi ih bilo kada bi tržište bilo slobodno. Inkubentima, onima koji su uspjeli nadići birokratsku barijeru ulaska na tržište, to daje veliku slobodu manipulacije cijenama, uvjetima ugovora i općenito stavljanja potrošača u nepovoljnu poziciju. U toj shemi HT ima posebni položaj, sa cijelim nizom državno dodijeljenih mu monopolističkih povlastica koje su na kraju dovele do toga da na neki način cijelu naciju drže u šaci.
Koliko nas košta rad HAKOM-a?
Uvidom u Financijski plan za 2015. doznajemo da predviđeni prihodi HAKOM-a na godišnjoj razini iznose oko 80 milijuna kuna. Od toga, prihodi od prodaje roba i pružanja usluge iznose ravno 0 kunas. Najveći dio prihoda dolazi od “prihoda po posebnim propisima”, drugim riječima reketa kojeg participanti na tržištu telekomunikacija moraju platiti da bi mogli neometano poslovati. Agencija dakle ne stvara nikakvu novu vrijednost, već samo uzima od onih koji to čine.
Pogled na rashode otkriva da ukupni rashodi na godišnjoj razini iznose 130 milijuna kuna, od čega gotovo dvije trećine ide na plaće i materijalne troškove administrativnog poslovanja. Osim toga, HAKOM godišnje potroši oko 30 milijuna kuna za donacije - neobično velika svota za agenciju čija djelatnost nije humanitarni rad?
Suma summarum, agenciju čiji je glavni zadatak distorzija tržišta telekomunikacijskih usluga godišnje plaćamo 50 milijuna kuna od poreznog novca (razlika prihoda i rashoda), plus oko 80 milijun kuna harača koji se u konačnici prelijeva na krajnje korisnike. A kao rezultat dobijemo monopolistički položaj HT-a, nepovoljne ugovore i visoke cijene. I pri tome nas nitko ništa ne pita.
Trebamo se bojati birokracije, a ne izbjeglica
Zanimljiva je podudarnost da se ovaj kolaps, u konačnici uzrokovan birokratskim aparatom, dogodio u vrijeme najžešće izbjegličke krize. Dobra prilika da se podsjetimo da ni desetine tisuća izbjeglica ne može napraviti štetu kao šačica dobro uhljebljenih državnih birokrata naoružanih plavim pečatima.
Tekst se nastavlja ispod oglasa
Former Australia and Queensland rugby league star Billy Moore is feeling the heat after describing the New Zealand Warriors' play as "coconut style".
Moore made the Polynesian slur on Fox Sports' NRL 360 on Thursday night when discussing how the Warriors would cope without injured star Shaun Johnson.
"They play that coconut style, Polynesian sort of football…throwing it around," Moore said on air.
Their comments sparked an immediate uproar on Twitter with many questioning if the former origin great was being racist.
TV3 Sports producer Tony Wright tweeted: "Billy Moore's exact words on the @NZWarriors on live TV 'They play that coconut style, Polynesian sort of football... throwing it around.'"
Matthew McKinnon asked: "Billy Moore just call Polynesians coconuts?@FOXNRLLive."
Moore's poor choice of words follows a week where racism in sport has been under the spotlight in New Zealand and Australia.
Canterbury Rugby Union (CRU) management and police are investigating an alleged incident of racial abuse of a Fijian rugby player during a senior club final on Sunday.
Christchurch player Sake Aca, who is the Christchurch club's wing, left the field in tears after racial abuse from a sideline spectator - or spectators - during the second half of the match against Lincoln University at Rugby Park.
"They called me a black c***, an idiot, and they used the f word," Aca said earlier.
Meanwhile the booing of Aboriginal AFL player Adam Goodes is being hotly debated across the Tasman,a story which gathered more momentum on Thursday when Goodes was blasted by former Australian cricketer Shane Warne.
Moore, a Queenslander by birth, made theirs named in club football with the North Sydney Bears from 1989 to 1999 and in 2006 was named in the club's Team of the Century.
In their playing years they also became a stalwart of the Maroons and was responsible for the famous "Queenslander, Queenslander" chat which they roared coming down the tunnel ahead of the 1995 State of Origin series, one an under-rated Queensland won 3-0 over New South Wales.
They made three appearance for the Kangaroos but never faced the Kiwis in a test match. Today they are a regular panelist on Fox Sports' NRL coverage.
The Cathedral Basilica of Saint Cecilia (French: Basilique Cathédrale Sainte-Cécile d'Albi), also known as Albi Cathedral, is the most important Catholic building in Albi, France and is the seat of the Catholic Archbishop of Albi. First built as a fortress in the aftermath of the Albigensian Crusade; begun in 1282 and under construction for 200 years, it is claimed to be the largest brick building in the world.[1]
In 2010 the cathedral was designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
History [ edit ]
The present cathedral was preceded by other buildings. The first dated from the fourth century and in 666 was destroyed by fire. The second is recorded in 920 by the name of Saint Cecilia, the present-day patroness of musicians. It was replaced in the thirteenth century by a Romanesque cathedral in stone.[2]
The Southern French Gothic cathedral was constructed in brick between 1287 and 1480 in the wake of the crusade against Catharism, a heterodox non-trinitarian dualist movement with an episcopal see at Albi around 1165 AD. Pope Innocent III initiated a crusade to extinguish Catharism in southern France, with great loss of life.[4] In the aftermath of the crusade, the cathedral's dominant presence and fortress-like exterior made of brick were intended to demonstrate the authority of the Catholic Church, to protect its sanctuary by thick walls, and to convey a sense of poverty in response to Catharism.[citation needed] The instigator of the cathedral's construction was Bernard de Castanet, Catholic Bishop of Albi and Inquisitor of Languedoc. Work on the nave was completed about 1330.[5]
Features [ edit ]
The cathedral is built in the Southern French Gothic style. As suitable building stone is not found locally, the structure is built almost entirely of brick. Notable architectural features include the bell-tower (added in 1492), which stands 78 metres (256 ft) tall, and the doorway by Dominique de Florence (added circa 1392). The nave is the widest Gothic example in France at 60 feet (18 m). The interior lacks aisles which are replaced by rows of small chapels between brick internal buttresses, making Albi a hall church. Compared with regular Gothic, the buttreses are almost entirely submerged in the mass of the church. The principal entry is on the south side through an elaborate porch entered by a fortified stair, rather than through the west front, as is traditional in France.[6]
The side chapels in the nave received overhead galleries in the 15th century, diminishing their impact.[5]
The elaborate interior stands in stark contrast to the cathedral's military exterior. The central chœur, reserved for members of the clergy, is surrounded by a roodscreen with detailed filigree stone work and a group of polychrome statues. Below the organ, a fresco of the Last Judgement, attributed to unknown Flemish painters, originally covered nearly 200 m² (the central area was later removed). The frescoes on the enormous vaulted ceiling comprise the largest and oldest ensemble of Italian Renaissance painting in France.
The cathedral organ, the work of Christophe Moucherel, dates from the 18th century.
Gallery [ edit ]
Plan
Global view of the cathedral and its surroundings
Closer view of the cathedral external walls
Choir and rood screen of the cathedral.
The cathedral's nave and organ.
Organ and nave.
Nave
See also [ edit ]
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Texas Senator Ted Cruz is courting evangelical voters
A review of the best commentary on and around the world...
Today's must-read
It has become an accepted political truth that if the evangelical wing of the Republican Party quickly and decisively rallies behind one candidate for their party's presidential nomination, they could push them to victory.
Every four years, however, that doesn't seem to happen. Instead Christian conservatives divide their loyalties, opening the way for the establishment pick to triumph - Mitt Romney in 2012, John McCain in 2008, Bob Dole in 1996 and George HW Bush in 1988.
George W Bush in 2000 had some evangelical support, but they were a heavy establishment favourite. Ronald Reagan in 1980 also had grass-roots evangelical credentials, but the once-divorced former actor wasn't a perfect match for that characterisation, either.
Will 2016 be any different? With political wags on both sides of the political divide declaring the culture war to be all but won by social liberals, the stakes for conservatives seem all the more pronounced. The question, however, is whether this sense of urgency will be reflected at the primary ballot box.
The National Journal's Tim Alberta and Shane Goldmacher talk to evangelical Republicans, who tell them this time will be different.
They identify Texas Senator Ted Cruz and former Arkansas Governor (and presidential candidate) Mike Huckabee as the two most likely contenders for the social conservative backing and observe that evangelicals are eager to winnow the field.
"In recent months, allies of both men have eyed one another as mutual threats in the quest to win the evangelical endorsement - and have even launched early efforts to undermine the other," they write. "Cruz allies have suggested that conservatives won't be able to ignore Huckabee's questionable fiscal record; Huckabee's team has questioned Cruz's ability to connect with religious audiences."
They say that although there are other possibilities, such as former Senator Rick Santorum and Texas Governor Rick Perry, Mr Huckabee and Mr Cruz appear to be pulling away from the field.
Alberta and Goldmacher conclude:
"As evangelical leaders approach 2016 with unprecedented urgency and emphasis on co-ordination, it appears the decision to collectively endorse one person may come down to two very different candidates: Huckabee, the once-ran preacher with inimitable charm and religious bonafides; or Cruz, the fresh-faced agitator who refuses to compromise or play nice with their party's establishment."
Whether or not one of the two candidates captures the nomination, the 2016 primary process for Republicans is shaping up to be unusual in that there are no clear favourites. If there is a year when a social conservative could post some early wins and gather enough momentum to prevail, this could be it.
Brazil
Presidential election is bad news - President Dilma Rousseff's narrow re-election in this week's runoff vote will be prompt accusations of fraud, writes Daniel Altman for Foreign Policy magazine, jeopardising the nation's political stability.
"When the incumbent wins by such a slim margin, it's easy to suspect that the result has been fixed," they say.
Almost half the country is vehemently against Ms Rousseff, they write, and will not be inclined to co-operate with their second-term agenda.
"The question is whether the next four years will be acrimonious and unproductive or constructive and forward-looking," they write. "History suggests the former."
India
An Israeli alliance? - India's recent announcement that it is purchasing $525m (£324m) in anti-tank missile systems from Israel is the latest evidence that the two nations are forging closer ties, writes Walter Russell Mead for the American Interest.
"Already, Israel is India's second biggest weapons supplier, and this deal is only tipping the scales further," they write.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi chose Israel's missiles over ones offered by the US, which Mead speculates is part of a concerted strategy to avoid becoming too dependent on the "capricious hands of a Washington that imposes sanctions unfairly, at least in some cases".
Hong Kong
Democracy movement needs an endgame - It's time for the protesters who have taken to the streets in Hong Kong to find a way to end the standoff with authorities, writes former British Hong Kong Governor Chris Patten.
"A substantive and successful dialogue with the government would not require the protesters to call off their campaign for democracy; it would simply end the current phase of a campaign that eventually will succeed," they write for Project Syndicate.
Areas for possible agreement, they argue, are the ground rules for legislative council elections in 2016 and the composition and voting rules of the election committee that chooses the Hong Kong chief executive.
"This would not be all that the Umbrella Movement has demanded, but it should encourage the protesters to reach a compromise without departing from their longer-term goal," they say.
Hungary
In defence of an internet tax - The Hungarian government's attempts to tax internet usage have prompted widespread protests in that nation, writes Leonid Bershidsky, but "taxing information consumption is not such a crazy idea".
As more and more businesses, including telecommunications, banking and advertising, move to the internet, they should be forced by the government to pay for maintaining that technological infrastructure, they say.
In addition, they write, taxing internet consumption would likely prompt development of "decentralised, mesh-based communication" like FireChat, which is harder to regulate and spreads the costs of infrastructure much more broadly.
BBC Monitoring's quotes of the day
International commentators react to the continued withdrawal of US and British troops from Afghanistan.
"The Afghan government warmly welcomes the withdrawal of the foreign troops from Helmand and the national forces are ready to fill their gap there ... Today we strongly believe that security in the province will be maintained despite the withdrawal and that it would lead to a considerable reduction in poppy cultivation." - Editorial in Afghanistan's state-run Hewad.
"The only guarantee of peace in the region is for all foreign forces to unconditionally withdraw from Afghanistan. The US and its allies should take this seriously." - Editorial in Pakistan's Islam.
"The pull-out of the coalition forces from Afghanistan is long overdue. The longer they stay there the more questions are raised about their strategic mission... Al-Qaeda and the Taliban have not been eliminated, they are still strong and drug exports have also soared." - Sergey Strokan in Russia's Kommersant. ‎
Have you found an interesting opinion piece about global issues that we missed? Share it with us via email at echochambers (at) bbc.co.uk.
Blockchain startup and ICO advisory Cofound.it announced today that its token (CFI) will start trading on Monday, June 19 at noon PST/9 PM CEST on the following exchanges: Bittrex, Liqui, and Gatecoin.
CFI token trading gives new opportunities to enter the Cofound.it platform ecosystem even if you missed our pre-sale. The pre-sale was open to Cofound.it Prioritize Pass members only and sold out in just two days in the world's biggest pre-sale raising $14.8 million.
The CFI token will open Cofound.it Prioritize Pass membership to a wider audience, and enable engaged supporters to get early access to the first Cofound.it projects crowdsales — such as Musiconomi, and X8 Currency in July.
In the long-term, the CFI token is aimed at becoming the fuel of the Cofound.it platform and will be used in crowd-sourced project evaluation and within the Cofound.it marketplace for expert services.
Cofound.it CEO Jan Isakovic said the team is working on adding even more exchanges in the coming weeks/months.
The late Bill Hicks always reminded me of Johnny Cash — perhaps it's a combination of the black suit, Southern twang, and onstage chain smoking (some of their best bits are about whiny non-smokers). Plus, in their HBO special, they wear a cowboy hat. Both Hicks, a Texan, and Cash, an Arkansasian, seemed to tap into that uniquely Southern vein of Americanism that is equal parts idealism and rage; none of your New York-style flippant irony here.
But while Cash enjoyed mainstream success and lived to a ripe old age, Hicks died at 32 and achieved only moderate fame in the U.S., where he's known as a “comedian's comedian,” which, as far as I can tell, is usually code for “too smart.”
And Hicks wasn't just intellectual, they were anti-anti-intellectual. Their brutal savaging of fundamentalist Christians and slack-jawed Waffle House waiteres played better in the UK, where to this day they frequently top the polls of favorite comedians. The contrast was pretty grim; Hicks once cracked about going straight from playing an adoring full house in Ireland, on a stage that had also hosted Oscar Wilde, to trying to coax a laugh from a listless group of 25 at “Adolf's Comedy Bunker” in Illinois.
So it's fitting that a new documentary on their life, American: The Bill Hicks Story, is produced and directed by two Brits. The filmmakers, Matt Harlock and Paul Thomas, have billed American as an “animated documentary,” which turns out to mean the film basically uses lots of still photographs of Hicks and their friends and their house and their car as quasi-puppets — sort of like Terry Gilliam's work, but not quite as good or weird as that.
I respect the directors for attempting to mix up the traditional documentary film approach, as the Ken Burns-style “pan across a picture, talking head, pan across a picture” rhythm does get kind of formulaic. But there were times, especially in the first half-hour, which is basically all animation, where it got a bit cheesy. When Hicks' childhood friend and early collaborator Dwight Slade describes receiving a letter from Hicks, the pages appear on the screen and wriggle about like they're caught in the wind.
Overall, the animated parts feel overenthusiastic, like when I used iMovie's star wipe feature for every transition in my 8th grade video report on Galileo. In American, the animation works in a few instances; mostly the scenes where Hicks and their friends are all tripping on mushrooms.
But the movie really gets going once Hicks starts talking, and it gets going good. Harlock and Thomas have curated a lot of great videos of early performances from their days in Houston and other small clubs across the country.
My favorite of these early bits of material is a lengthy soliloquy Hicks delivers soon after a breakup, an excruciatingly detailed fantasy of the terrible life they wish on their ex-girlfriend, which involves them living in a trailer surrounded by clouds of AIDS-infected mosquitoes and an eventual death from choking on vomit. It is a truly transcendent symphony of bitterness.
But there's also a great deal of sweetness in the movie, too: home movies of Hicks playing with their nieces and nephews and joking around on vacation, and eulogies from those who knew them best.
It's a shame that Hicks' life was cut prematurely short by pancreatic cancer, because you can see all kinds of potential for something even greater. Many articles have been written about Jon Stewart's ability to use comedy as a platform for advocacy, but they definitely aren't the first. During the U.S. government's raid on the Branch Davidian Compound in Waco in 1993, Hicks drove out to film the siege. They would later rage about how the mainstream press wouldn't show the footage of the U.S. government clearly setting fire to David Koresh's compound, contrary to the official account, which claims the Branch Davidians self-immolated. If Hicks hadn't died, one can envision them taking on a role as a more radical counterpart to Stewart's genial everyman.
What's more, the American idiocy that Hicks railed against hasn't really changed in the last two decades: there's still a large contingent of mouth-breathers that want to teach Creationism in schools, bomb the hell out of countries we armed when it was politically convenient to do so, and make it a crime to burn the flag. Hicks' comedy is still frighteningly relevant; all you have to do is replace the New Kids on the Block references with Justin Bieber. And these days, when the Daily Show/Bill Maher brand of acerbic, smart satire is both popular and widely accessible, Hicks might have found a large following in America at last.
The only difference is they probably wouldn't be allowed to smoke onstage.
American: The Bill Hicks Story is now playing in New York City at Cinema Village, and at select theatres across the U.S.
Roxanne Palmer is a journalist, writer, cartoonist, and ex-fishmonger (for realsies). They live in Brooklyn.
After late-night wrangling and last-minute changes to win over several holdouts, Senate Republicans expressed confidence Friday that they have secured enough support to pass their overhaul of the tax code.
“We have the votes,” Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said as they departed a meeting of the entire Senate GOP conference on Friday. Republicans are still rewriting the legislation to accommodate the changes, but are likely to vote on final passage sometime before the end of the day.
As of Friday afternoon, 50 senators -- all Republicans – were in support of the bill, enough to pass it without any Democratic backing and with Vice President Mike Pence casting a tie-breaker. Sens. Susan Collins of Maine and Bob Corker of Tennessee remained uncommitted, though Collins won a key concession in the legislation and expressed confidence in the direction of negotiations. Corker, who had been fighting for changes to prevent the measure from adding significantly to the deficit, did not get any concessions and did not say how they would vote.
If Republicans are successful Friday, it will mark a critical -- though not final -- step toward putting the tax overhaul on President Trump's desk, thus securing the first major legislative victory of their presidency just before their first year in office concludes.
The main tenets of the Senate legislation remained unchanged -- slashing the corporate rate to 20 percent from 35 percent; providing tax cuts for pass-through businesses; lowering individual tax rates and doubling the standard deduction; and repealing the Affordable Care Act individual mandate.
The momentum for Republicans shifted early Friday morning when Sens. Ron Johnson of Wisconsin and Steve Daines of Montana, two of the last holdouts, both announced their support. Johnson and Daines had been fighting for deeper tax cuts for so-called pass-through businesses -- those that pay income taxes through the individual system, rather than at the corporate rate. The Senate bill originally gave pass-throughs a 17.4 percent deduction on their taxes, but Johnson and Daines pushed that to 23 percent in the latest version -- changes paid for with a higher rate for business repatriation.
Johnson, who had complained about being sidelined in the discussions, also secured a promise from leadership that they would be kept involved in any conference committee negotiations with the House on the pass-through provision, they told reporters.
The last, and perhaps most significant, holdout won over by GOP leadership was Arizona Sen. Jeff Flake, who has publicly sparred with Trump and will not seek re-election next year. Flake announced their support Friday, likely representing the 50th vote needed for passage.
Flake said they had earned two key objectives: killing a “gimmick” for business expensing, and securing a commitment from the administration and leadership on a legislative solution for DACA, the executive order giving protected status to immigrants who arrived illegally as children, which Trump has said they would revoke in March.
A spokesperson for the Arizona senator cited a promise from Vice President Pence and the White House that they would be “in the middle of the forthcoming legislative process to get a fix to the DACA situation. As with any legislative process, the details and timing will unfold.”
Sen. John Cornyn, the Republican whip, said the commitment to Flake was not on any specific policy for the childhood arrivals or timing for a solution, but rather a commitment that they would be part of negotiations for a legislative fix. Flake's office did not respond to questions about the details of that agreement.
“He's going to have a seat at the table if they want it, but he's, I think, telling the world that this is one of their priorities,” Cornyn said.
Collins' support remains in flux, though they secured a significant change to the bill and expressed optimism about the direction of the legislation. The Senate bill had fully repealed the state and local tax deduction, but the Maine lawmaker secured a partial re-instatement of the property tax deduction up to $10,000, identical to a key provision in the House's version of the measure.
If Senate Republicans pass their legislation Friday, the House is expected to vote Monday afternoon to send the bill to a formal conference. That process is unlikely to take long, as Republicans in both chambers hope to put a final version on the president's desk before the end of this year. It's unclear how much of the bills may change during conference negotiations.
Democrats, who have roundly criticized both the process and policy of the GOP tax plan, were frustrated by the speed with which it was changed Friday. Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia said they had been eager to work with Republicans and support tax reform, but said GOP senators had shut Democrats out of the process and did not want it to be a bipartisan effort. They expressed significant frustration with not having seen the final version of the bill only hours before voting on it.
“I'd still like to find something that I could vote for and I haven't been able to see anything. That's a shame, that really is a shame,” Manchin said. “I guess they're just determined to make this strictly a party-line vote. I've never seen anybody work so harder than the leadership on the Senate side to make this a partisan issue.”
WASHINGTON — A Soyuz launch scheduled for July 14 will carry more than 70 small satellites, including spacecraft for four separate commercial remote sensing and weather constellations.
The 72 smallsats flying on the Soyuz launch scheduled for the morning of July 14 from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan will fly as secondary payloads, with the Kanopus-V-IK remote sensing satellite serving as the primary payload.
The satellites have all been integrated with the Fregat's upper stage, and launch preparations remain on track. “Everything looks good,” said Vsevolod Kryukovskiy, launch program director at Glavkosmos, in a July 7 interview. “We've finalized everything and are on schedule.”
Glavkosmos, a subsidiary of Russian state space corporation Roscosmos, is seeking to become a larger provider of rideshare launch services for small satellites. In addition to this upcoming launch, Glavkosmos is planning to fly about 40 more small satellites on two Soyuz missions from the new Vostochny Cosmodrome in Russia's Far East region late this year, with additional launch opportunities planned for 2018 and beyond.
The biggest single customer for the upcoming launch is Planet, the San Francisco-based company that operates the world's largest constellation of imaging satellites. Planet will fly 48 of its Dove cubesats on this mission, which the company says will complete its initial fleet of spacecraft.
“This rounds out what we would call ‘Mission One,'” Mike Safyan, director of launch at Planet, said in a July 6 interview. If successful, the 48 Dove satellites on this launch will bring the company's total number of operational satellites to 190, counting five RapidEye satellites and the seven SkySat satellites from Terra Bella, which Planet acquired from Google earlier this year.
This “flock” of 48 satellites will go into a sun-synchronous orbit, but one slightly different from those of 88 similar satellites launched on an Indian Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle in February. Those satellites went into a sun-synchronous orbit that crosses the equator at 9:30 a.m. local time. The new satellites will launch into an orbit that crosses the equator at about 11:00 a.m. local time.
“That allows for some interesting capabilities,” Safyan said, such as the ability to observe the same location twice in a single day. “To have multiple looks in a single day at this scale and this coverage and this frequency is something that is going to be unique to Planet.”
Safyan said that the major wave of Planet cubesats won't come until late 2018 or early 2019. “With this launch, we have the Mission One fleet in place and operating, so that then gives us time to start planning for the replenishment,” they said.
Three other companies developing smallsat constellations are also flying satellites on this launch. Spire, which is deploying a fleet of cubesats to collect GPS radio occultation and ship tracking data, has eight of its Lemur cubesats on this launch.
Spire has made extensive use of rideshare opportunities on Indian and Russian rockets to deploy its constellation. “There's no other reason, beyond opportunity, that we're seeking foreign rideshares,” Jenny Barna, launch manager at Spire, said at a rideshare workshop last month. “It's really just about opportunity, and it doesn't exist in the U.S.”
In addition to the 48 Doves and 8 Leumrs, the Soyuz will be carrying satellite for two other companies with plans for small satellite constellations. GeoOptics is flying its first three CICERO cubesats, designed to collect GPS radio occultation data to support weather forecasting. Astro Digital is flying its first two Corvus-BC medium-resolution imaging cubesats.
The remaining secondary payloads are a mix of technology demonstration cubesats and other small satellites from several countries, including Canada, Germany, Japan, Norway, Russia and the United States. The one U.S. cubesat in that group is NanoACE, built by Tyvak Nano-Satellite Systems to test attitude control and propulsion technologies.
Other satellites in that group include three cubesats built by Russian universities and two imaging cubesats built by Dauria Aerospace for Roscosmos.
How many times have you forgotten something important? Or even something trivial? How many times have you had a great idea in the shower or in the middle of the night and foolishly told yourself you'd remember it? How many times have you forgotten an appointment or a piece of information? How many times have you come home with a bag full of groceries, and then had to go back for the milk? Yup, yup, yup, yup, yup. Been there.
For me, I've never been able to keep a journal or a scrapbook for any prolonged period of time, but I always keep coming back to the idea, especially now that I have a kid. Looking back over happy memories is a lovely way to pass a day, and to preserve some posterity for future generations. I'd been trying to document a few things in my Filofax but it was a familiar losing battle. And then I stumbled upon the Bullet Journal and it was the answer to my planner prayers. And it could very well be the answer to your memory misfortunes too.
So what is it? Long story short: it's where you write all your shit down. Short story long (‘cause that's more my style): it's a calendar, to-do list, note-taker, list-maker, sketchbook, doodle-jotter, journal, recipe keeper, and all-round lifesaver. Sound exciting? Deep dive time!
The system was developed by Ryder Carroll. They use what they call “rapid logging”, which does fancy speak for “just write it down and do it quickly”. Now's not the time for details or fluff; add the decoration later. Just jot it down now and, if necessary, jazz it up later. As long as you've got a pen and portable notebook, you're good to go.
I'm sure I have 1 or 2 lying around here somewhere… *cough*
So you write everything down as it occurs to you. Everything. Appointments, tasks, events, memories, notes, reminders, research, plot-lines for that novel you've been working on for the past 15 years, evil genius plans to take over the world… It all goes in there.
“But that'll turn into a total clusterfuck,” I hear you say. Ah! But you put an index (or table of contents, if you will) in the front so you can see what page each thing is on, and you use little symbols to differentiate each item. So tasks could have a checkbox next to them, events or appointments could have a circle, etc. If there's a few bunched together (like a shopping list, for example), you just bung that on a separate page.
If you're a massive geek (hey, definitely no judgement here — *puts on geek glasses*), you could colour co-ordinate it either by writing different things in different coloured pens, or highlighting them in different colours. If something's important, you can put a * or ! next to it, or stick a page flag beside it. The world is your icon oyster!
But yeah, it's still gonna get really chaotic really quickly. So, from there, you sit down periodically and transfer the stuff into somewhere that makes more sense for you. Maybe some of it goes in another notebook, or onto a big calendar on your wall, or into a Word document… Split the stuff up and give it a good home.
Think of bullet journaling as panning for gold. You throw everything in there so you don't miss anything, and then you start sifting through, dumping the junk and moving the good stuff somewhere safe. And BAM, Robert's your mother's brother.
So there you have it; with the Bullet Journal, you never have to forget anything ever again. I've been using it for over a fortnight now and it's working out really well for me. I've been jotting down appointments, reminders, ideas, notes on books I'm reading, and little snippets from our family holiday so I can capture a snapshot of our lives.
How much fun will this be to look back over in 5 years? 😀
Have a gander at the original Bullet Journal video to see how simple it is in action:
Or check out the Bullet Journal site to learn more.
So what do you think? Could a Bullet Journal work for you?
And, if you already use it, I'd love to see pictures! Tag me (@HowToGYST) on Instagram or Twitter, or post them over on the Facebook page
—
Pakistani military officials say four soldiers and 14 militants were killed as the army launched a ground offensive in a restive valley in the northwest.
The officials say five soldiers were also wounded in Friday's operation in the Tirah Valley in the Khyber tribal area. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to talk to the media.
Rival militant groups, including the Pakistani Taliban, have been fighting for supremacy in the valley in recent weeks, forcing thousands of civilians to flee the rugged, mountainous area.
Khyber is part of Pakistan's semiautonomous tribal region bordering Afghanistan, the main sanctuary for Taliban militants and their allies in the country. The army has launched many operations against the Taliban in Khyber and other parts of the tribal region.
The Liberal government will announce Canada's new immigration targets in November and the minister in charge said most people are telling them to boost the number of immigrants.
Speaking with reporters following a cabinet meeting on Parliament Hill, Immigration Minister John McCallum summarized the results of their recent cross-country consultations on Canadian immigration.
"I have been hearing a lot of input, and all the hundreds of people I've spoken to across the country, most of them, almost all of them, have advocated [for] more immigrants, whether for demographic reasons or for job-shortage reasons," Mr. McCallum said. "But we as a government will not decide our proposal until November."
Story continues below advertisement
Canada's 2016 immigration-levels plan aims to bring in about 300,000 permanent residents this year. That includes targets of 80,000 under family reunification, between 51,000 and 57,000 refugees and protected persons, and between 151,200 and 162,400 economic immigrants.
Canada's immigration levels have been roughly constant over the past two decades. Between 1994 and 2014, the yearly immigration levels represented either 0.7 per cent or 0.8 per cent of the population.
In 2014, Canada accepted 260,404 immigrants, representing 0.7 per cent of the population.
Mr. McCallum said they have received a "huge amount of input" on the topic of immigration over the summer.
Mr. McCallum's assessment of public opinion is at odds with the results of a recent Nanos Research survey conducted for The Globe and Mail that was released on Sept. 1.
That survey of 1,000 Canadians found that 39 per cent said the government should accept fewer immigrants in 2017 than the previous year. Thirty-seven per cent said Canada should accept the same amount in 2017, while only 16 per cent said the target should be increased.
The minister has also promised to announce changes to the rules related to temporary foreign workers. A House of Commons committee is expected to release a report as early as next week that will outline recommendations based on several days of hearings earlier this year. Mr. McCallum said they would wait for that report to be made public before commenting further.
Story continues below advertisement
Image caption A man was found with serious injuries in Caister Drive
A 13-year-old girl has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death.
Darren Kelly, 42, from Basildon, Essex, died after they were attacked in the street.
The girl is in custody, police said.
A 20-year-old man, 17-year-old boy and 15-year-old girl, all from Pitsea, and a 16-year-old boy from Basildon have been arrested on suspicion of murder and remain in custody.
A post-mortem examination found Mr Kelly, a lorry driver, was likely to have died from "multiple stab wounds and blood loss", Essex Police said.
Their daughter Zoe said they were "heartbroken," adding they and their father were very close and lived a short walk away from each other.
"To know he's not going to be round the corner anymore is very hard," they said.
"I'm sure I can speak for everyone when I say that he's going to be truly missed."
Image caption Carole Crisp and their neighbour tried to save the injured man's life after they rang their doorbell
Residents of Caister Drive, where the attack took place, say Mr Kelly rang their doorbells to ask for help after they were stabbed at about 21:30 BST on Tuesday.
Carole Crisp, 56, said: "He managed to get to our block and was just randomly pressing the buzzers for help.
"When I answered they said 'help me I've been stabbed'. I'm just in shock and so sad we couldn't do more."
Image caption Blocks of flats on Caister Drive remain sealed off while police continue to investigate the fatal stabbing
At the scene: BBC Essex reporter Chris Flynn
Parts of Caister Drive are still sealed off, with much of the investigation centred outside two of the street's blocks of flats.
Since I've been here a lorry has been pumping the drains, with police officers and highways engineers working alongside. I saw someone else come along with a shovel to get what they could out of the drains.
Aside from the police presence, the street is relatively quiet with just the odd passer-by or neighbour coming and going, as people here come to terms with what has happened down their road.
Back in August 2014, based on an early draft of the Ant-Man script, Latino Review reported that the prologue scene would feature Hank Pym meeting with Howard Stark, Peggy Carter, Armin Zola, and a young Alexander Pierce at S.H.I.E.L.D. headquarters. However, when the film came out, that scene — which took place in 1989 — featured Pym meeting with Stark (John Slattery), Carter (Hayley Atwell), and Mitchell Carson (Martin Donovan), but Zola (Toby Jones's character) and Pierce (Robert Redford's character) were nowhere to be found.
Based on concept art created by Josh Nizzi (Avengers: Age of Ultron, Daredevil), we now know for a fact that Arnim Zola was supposed to appear in 2015's Ant-Man, and it appears that they would have been seated at that S.H.I.E.L.D. meeting.
As a quick refresher, Zola made their Marvel Cinematic Universe debut in 2011's Captain America: The First Avenger. The Nazi biochemist worked for the Red Skull, harnessing the energy of the Tesseract. They were later captured by Cap during the train sequence, and information extracted from Zola helped Cap locate a key Hydra base. Zola reappeared in 2014's Captain America: The Winter Soldier; however, this time, he's been digitized. We learn that before their death in 1972, Zola had a super-computer built in Camp Lehigh (Steve Rogers's old military training base) that could store their consciousness. It is believed that their computer-self was killed when an airstrike, meant for Cap and Black Widow, destroyed the base. Zola also appeared in the first season finale of Agent Carter (aired February 2015), showing them as a prisoner in America a year after World War II. So, since the Ant-Man prologue took place 17 years after Zola's death, the villainous character (who was "working" for S.H.I.E.L.D. at that time) would have appeared in digital form again, but this time, they would have looked like their comic book counterpart, sporting a digitized face on a robot body. You can check out four variations of that in the gallery below.
Aside from the Zola artwork, Nizzi shared some designs of Scott Lang's army of ants.
The next evolution of the Marvel Cinematic Universe brings a founding member of The Avengers to the big screen for the first time with Marvel Studios' Ant-Man. Armed with the astonishing ability to shrink in scale but increase in strength, master thief Scott Lang must embrace their inner-hero and help their mentor, Doctor Hank Pym, protect the secret behind their spectacular Ant-Man suit from a new generation of towering threats. Against seemingly insurmountable obstacles, Pym and Lang must plan and pull off a heist that will save the world.
A cooperating witness to a drug-related murder investigation ruthlessly liquidated. Three teens gunned down by the stepfather of some neighborhood boys they beefed with over Facebook. A pizza delivery driver set up for robbery, lured to an abandoned building and shot in the back.
This comprises but a slim cross-section of the 32 murders that have taken place in Philadelphia since the start of 2012. This recent rash of homicides comes quickly on the heels of a year when Mayor Michael Nutter and Police Commissioner Charles Ramsey were touting a steep reduction in violent crime, with homicides down 22 percent, robberies down 23 percent, and overall violent crime down 16 percent in 2011 from their 2007 highs.
The Mayor blames the homicide spike on a steady flow of illegal handguns into the city as groups like the NRA stymie their attempts to pass local gun-control laws. Richard Berk, a statistician who studies crime at the University of Pennsylvania, says the uptick could also be within the bounds of the “natural variation” of crime rates. Others have hypothesized that the unusually warm winter brought the annual springtime murder-rate jump a few months early.
Whatever the cause, the mayor wants to snuff out the brushfire, and has released a new anti-crime plan that promises to put 100 more cops on the streets over time, targeting neighborhood hot spots where guns and drugs are most concentrated. The district attorney's office promises to seek maximum penalties against defendants accused of carrying illegal guns. And the mayor is increasing to $20,000 rewards for tips that lead to the convictions of murder suspects, and will allow residents to anonymously text those tips in.
“I just put a bounty on your head,” the mayor said at a press conference at a North Philadelphia High School, speaking to city's perpetrators of violence. “We are coming for you.”
Of the recent carnage, six of the 32 total murders have been confined to a roughly three-mile radius comprising the 24th and 25th police districts, known high drug-activity areas that the mayor intends to target with more cops. On the streets these districts taken together have been known for decades to drug addicts and the dealers who serve them as the Badlands. Of all the 32 murders to occur this year in Philly, perhaps the most chilling happened here: the execution of Rosemary Fernandez Rivera, a 33-year-old bodega owner who police say witnessed a murder and was cooperating with police to identify the perp.
A Badlands homicide spike is nothing new. Ever since famed columnist Steve Lopez, then of The Philadelphia Inquirer, wrote their novel 3rd and Indiana in 1995, the violent drug war and struggle to survive it has been the Badlands dramaturgy. But flooding the neighborhood with cops to stamp out murder sprees is nothing new; Operation Safe Streets, Sunrise, and Pressure Point are all previous attempts by law enforcement that targeted the Badlands. These efforts resulted in short-term reductions in crime, but were too costly to continue in perpetuity and spread drug markets into new territories of the city.
John MacDonald, chair of the Department of Criminology at the University of Pennsylvania, says studies show Mayor Nutter's plan can be effective if implemented correctly.
“Urban violent crime typically clusters tightly in a few small geographical areas, so if increased police resources are allocated and distributed very specifically in those areas there will be an immediate impact.”
Focusing cops specifically on illegal guns can also act as a harm-reduction measure.
“There are 15 experiments conducted in various cities showing that when you put cops in hot spots and focus on guns you increase the probability of getting guns. When there are fewer guns in these areas the probability of someone pulling one out during an argument drops. It's like drunk driving; prevention measures can be effective at getting people to do less of it.”
However, MacDonald is less hopeful about the district attorney's strategy to fully prosecute all illegal gun offenders.
“Prosecution is not effective at creating a short-term impact on crime. Promising to fully prosecute is a largely symbolic statement; it just takes too long to move a case through the courts towards a conviction for it to mean anything right now.”
In addition to the mayor's plan, another potential game changer is in the works. As the most recent murder wave unfurled across the city, Philadelphia Ceasefire emerged from a long pilot phase and announced its official launch. Based on the same model established by Ceasefire Chicago, the subject of the critically acclaimed documentary The Interrupters, Philadelphia Ceasefire will implement a new model of violence intervention. It's a public-health approach that treats violence like a disease, a pattern of learned disordered behavior that after breaking out can spread unless quarantined. Ceasefire quarantines violence by going to the source and doing peer-based street outreach; the Chicago program has an extensive roster of former drug dealers, gang bangers, and state-penitentiary hard-timers who engage directly with kids on the street when violence flares to try to change the behavior before it infects a whole neighborhood.
“What's important about Philadelphia Ceasefire,” says executive director Marla Davis-Bellamy, “is it's community driven. It can't just be police trying to reduce violent crime. Residents need to feel they're part of the process.”
Based out of Temple University's Medical School (the university hospital sees more firearm victims than any other in the state), Philadelphia Ceasefire uses ex-offender community outreach workers to intervene after homicides. The outreach team first canvases a neighborhood, gathering information and making contacts. Outreach workers often connect with gunshot victims while they recuperate and “are constantly in the ear” as Davis-Bellamy puts it, of the corner boys they work with, stressing the consequences of staying on the corner, and the positive benefits of changing behaviors.
Those familiar with the streets of North Philadelphia say changing old behaviors that can bring one to carry a gun and use it against another person is easier than it looks. Jorge is 24 years old; they sold heroin and crack in the Badlands for more than three years and says they eventually had to leave the neighborhood entirely, fearing for their daughter's safety. The stress and pressure of life on the corner, constantly surrounded by gunfire and an ever-dwindling pool of childhood friends, who were either dying or being incarcerated, wore on their psyche. They attribute their chronic anxiety disorder and the panic attacks they suffer to their years of hustling; they self-medicate this post-traumatic condition with black-market-bought Xanax when they need to. While they stay off Westmoreland Street, their old hustling spot, he's still in communication with their remaining family and friends who stayed behind, and right now things are looking bleak.
“It's real hot down there right now, man,” they say, “I stay away from there. I don't go anywhere near there. Another friend of mine just got killed last week.”
José, who racked up a number of felony drug convictions in their time working the corner, says that they relocated their family out of state to get away from Philly's violence.
“I took my family over to Jersey, and I just fall back over there now. I try to work little jobs here and there to support my daughter. I'm trying to do anything I can not to wind up back hustling (in the Badlands).”
Like many young men who work hustling drugs on these most violent corners of the city, José has a number of barriers to hurdle before leaving the street life behind for good. Their criminal record hurts their job prospects in an already weak labor market; they take under-the-table jobs usually arranged by family members when they can find them. They dropped out of school in th e ninth grade and has been idly sitting on good intentions about getting a GED ever since. They have a toddler-age daughter to support that adds to their financial stress.
Davis-Bellamy says that Philadelphia Ceasefire outreach workers help hustlers get off the corner by addressing these barriers. After connecting with a hustler, outreach workers create a “risk-reduction plan” that assesses their needs and connects them to community resources like substance-abuse treatment and jobs training.
This combination of the mayor's deployment of extra police muscle, incentives for cooperating with detectives, and the launch of Philadelphia Ceasefire's peer-based community anti-violence outreach are arriving not a moment too soon. As this story publishes, a plastic-wrapped body with hands bound dumped in a vacant West Philadelphia lot was just found. Three more victims were shot in a North Philly Thriftway parking lot; they were lucky enough to survive. Every day brings more grim news, and it's only January.
Liverpool today confirmed the signing of Divock Origi from Lille. Here's the story of the 19-year-old's career so far...
Liverpool landed one of Europe's hottest young properties in July 2014 when they swooped to sign Divock Origi from Lille.
The promising 19-year-old was immediately loaned back to the French club for a season, but the Reds were delighted to secure their services having tracked them since their days playing for Belgium U15s.
In completing the deal, Liverpool beat competition from other Barclays Premier League and European clubs for their signature.
Watch the video here »
Divock's path towards the game seemed inevitable, given their father, Mike, was a Kenyan international who lifted a league title with Genk, while cousin Arnold is currently a custodian on the books of Lillestrom and has also represented Kenya more than 25 times.
Born in the Belgian town of Ostend in 1995, Origi began their footballing journey in the youth teams of Genk.
A powerful presence - even at academy level - they attracted interest from abroad, and in the summer of 2010 they made the move to France to join Lille, where he'd continue their development in their second string set-up.
Meanwhile, Origi was already a regular in their national side's youth teams, having representing every age group from U15 upwards after being first called up in 2009. Indeed, such was their progression, they turned out for the Red Devils' U19s in 2012, even though they were two years younger than many of their teammates.
A senior bow for Lille duly arrived in February 2013 when they came off the bench to score within six minutes against Troyes, aged just 17 years and 10 months.
Origi made nine more appearances that season, but it was last term in which their career really began to take flight - a goal on the opening weekend of Ligue 1 against Lorient marking the start of their surge towards the World Cup finals.
Such performances served to rubber stamp a rapidly growing stature within the game - as did efforts in successive games against Sochaux and Evian in February 2014.
They followed that brace up with strikes against Monaco and Valenciennes to end the campaign with five goals to their name and help Lille to a third-place finish.
Origi was named in Belgium's World Cup squad at the finale of the season to replace the injured Christian Benteke, and made their international debut in a pre-tournament warm-up contest with Luxembourg soon after.
Out in Brazil, they then hit the headlines when they grabbed a late winner to decide a tight contest with Russia in the group stage.
There was rumoured to be much interest in the tall forward following their performances on world football's biggest stage, but it was Liverpool who moved to snap them up.
Origi will remain in France for one further season to garner some more first-team experience, but if their career can continue on the same trajectory, Reds fans have a lot to look forward to.
Scottish Power has abandoned a £5.4bn plan to build the world's largest offshore wind farm, after four years of planning, because it is "not financially viable".
The decision not to go ahead with the Argyll Array, which would have provided green energy for 1 million homes, is another blow to the government's plans to tackle a looming supply problem and to meet its low carbon targets.
RWE, another of the big six power companies, announced two weeks ago that it was abandoning plans to construct a £4bn offshore wind farm, the Atlantic Array, off Devon. On Thursday, Centrica, owner of British Gas, announced it was selling its stake in another huge offshore wind farm, Race Bank, off East Anglia.
But the Scottish Power move is a particular setback because the company admits that the conditions at Argyll Array, off the coast of Tiree in the Inner Hebrides, are some of the best in the UK. It is a favourite spot for windsurfers. The wind farm was to have up to 300 turbines capable of producing 1,800 megawatts, three times more than the current largest wind farm – the London Array, off Kent – and almost 60% of the output of EDF's planned new Hinkley Point C nuclear plant. Energy groups have complained that the subsidies available for new wind projects are not high enough. Many have also warned that the lights could go off without more power capacity.
Jonathan Cole, head of offshore wind at Scottish Power, said: "We believe it is possible to develop the Argyll Array site; it has some of the best wind conditions of any offshore zone in the UK. However, it is our view that the Argyll Array project is not financially viable in the short term.
"The rate of progress in development of foundation and installation technology has been slower than anticipated."
Scottish Power said the main problems affecting the project were the ground conditions on the site, particularly the presence of hard rock, coupled with challenging wave conditions that could make construction more difficult. It also blamed the presence of basking sharks, which environmental groups continue to study to get a greater understanding of their activities in the area.
The wind farm has long been the target of a No Tiree Array group, which yesterday welcomed the decision by the developer, calling the plans an "environmental disaster for Tiree and the west coast of Scotland".
Earlier this week, Keith Anderson, chief corporate officer of Scottish Power, argued that the "carbon price floor", which taxes companies for burning fossil fuels, should be shelved by the government because it would make the UK's remaining coal plants largely uneconomic by the middle of the decade. With Britain's spare power margin already forecast to fall as low as 2% by 2015, the carbon tax would force more closures and "threatens to make us even more vulnerable to the risk of blackouts".
Scottish Power, owned by Iberdrola of Spain, also warned recently that Ed Miliband's promise to freeze domestic power prices in a bid to help to struggle consumers risked discouraging further investment. It said it would continue to show its commitment to UK offshore wind, with the much smaller 389MW West of Duddon Sands project currently under construction in the Irish Sea.
An application for consent was also submitted in 2012 with Vattenfall for the East Anglia ONE offshore windfarm, which could have a capacity of up to 1,200MW.
RenewableUK, the lobby group for wind power, played down the Argyll Array decision. Maf Smith, the organisation's deputy chief executive said: "The fact that not all wind farm projects go ahead is a natural part of the development process. Some encounter physical obstacles or financial challenges which mean that they aren't viable for the time being – although they will be in the future, as cutting-edge wind turbine technology is developing at an astonishing rate."
For the town of ancient Macedonia, see Kyrios (Macedonia) . For the Australian psychologist, see Michael Kyrios
Kyrios or kurios (Ancient Greek: κύριος, translit. kýrios) is a Greek word which is usually translated as "lord" "master" or "teacher".[1] In religious usage, it is sometimes translated as God. It is used in the Septuagint translation of the Hebrew Bible and the Greek New Testament.[2][3][4][5] Kyrios appears about 740 times in the New Testament, usually referring to Jesus.
In Classical Athens, the word kyrios referred to the head of the household (oikos), who was responsible for their wife, children, and any unmarried female relatives.
Classical Greece [ edit ]
In Classical Athens, the word kyrios referred to the head of the household,[6] who was responsible for their wife, children, and any unmarried female relatives. It was the responsibility of the kyrios to arrange the marriages of their female relatives,[7] provide their dowries, represent them in court, if necessary,[8] and deal with any economic transactions they were involved in worth more than a medimnos of barley.[9] When an Athenian woman married, their husband became their new kyrios.[10]
The existence of the system of kurioi elsewhere in ancient Greece is debated, and the evidence is not clear-cut, but Cartledge has argued that in Sparta kurioi existed, although in Gortyn they do not appear to have done.[11]
The term "κύριος" is still in use in the Modern Greek language and is the equivalent to the English terms "mister" (title conferred on an adult male), "master" (someone who has control over something or someone), and "sir" (an address to any male). For example, the English term "Mr. Smith" is translated to "κύριος Σμίθ" (kyrios Smith) in Greek.
New Testament [ edit ]
Kyrios appears about 740 times in the New Testament, usually referring to Jesus. The use of kyrios in the New Testament has been the subject of debate among modern scholars, and three schools of thought exist on that topic. The first school is that based on the Septuagint usage, the designation is intended to assign to Jesus the Old Testament attributes of God. The reasoning here is that at the time that the Septuagint was written, when reading out loud Jews pronounced Adonai, the Hebrew word for "Lord", when they encountered the name of God, "YHWH", which was thus translated into Greek in each instance as kyrios. Also, the early Christians, the majority of whom were speakers of Greek, would have been deeply familiar with the Septuagint. The second school is that as the early Church expanded, Hellenistic influences resulted in the use of the term. The third is that it is a translation of the Aramaic title Mari applied to Jesus.[12]
In everyday Aramaic, Mari was a very respectful form of polite address, well above "teacher" and similar to rabbi. In Greek this has at times been translated as kyrios. While the term Mari expressed the relationship between Jesus and their disciples during their life, Christians eventually came to interpret the Greek kyrios as representing lordship over the world.[13]
The Gospel of John seldom uses kyrios to refer to Jesus during their ministry, but does so after the Resurrection, although the vocative kyrie (meaning sir) appears frequently.[14] The Gospel of Mark never applies the term kyrios as a direct reference to Jesus, unlike Paul who uses it 163 times.[15] When Mark uses kyrios (e.g., in 1:3, 11:9, 12:11, etc.) it is in reference to YHWH/God. Mark does, however, use the word in passages where it is unclear whether it applies to God or Jesus, e.g., in 5:19 or 11:3.[15]
Kyrios is a key element of the Christology of Apostle Paul. Most scholars agree that the use of kyrios, and hence the Lordship of Jesus, predated the Pauline Epistles, but that Saint Paul expanded and elaborated on that topic.[12] More than any other title, kyrios defined the relationship between Jesus and those who believed in them as Christ: Jesus was their Lord and Master who was to be served with all their hearts and who would one day judge their actions throughout their lives.[16]
The kyrios title for Jesus is central to the development of New Testament Christology, for the early Christians placed it at the center of their understanding and from that center attempted to understand the other issues related to the Christian mysteries.[17]
In some cases, when reading the Hebrew Bible, the Jews would substitute Adonai (my Lord) for the Tetragrammaton, and they may have also substituted Kurios when reading to a Greek audience. Origen refers to both practices in their commentary on Psalms (2.2). The practice was due to the desire not to overuse the name of God. Examples of this can be seen in Philo.[18]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
The dictionary definition of κύριος at Wiktionary
Advertisement
A problem well stated is a problem half solved. —Inventor Charles Franklin Kettering (1876–1958)
We're all fairly good at problem-solving. That's the skill we were taught and endlessly drilled on at school. Once we have a problem, we know how to turn the crank and get a solution. Ah, but finding a problem—there's the rub.
Everyone knows that finding a good problem is the key to research, yet no one teaches us how to do that. Engineering education is based on the presumption that there exists a predefined problem worthy of a solution. If only it were so!
After many years of managing research, I'm still not sure how to find good problems. Often I discovered that good problems were obvious only in retrospect, and even then I was sometimes proved wrong years later. Nonetheless, I did observe that there were some people who regularly found good problems, while others never seemed to be working along fruitful paths. So there must be something to be said about ways to go about this.
Internet pioneer Craig Partridge recently sent around a list of open research problems in communications and networking, as well as a set of criteria for what constitutes a good problem. They offer some sensible guidelines for choosing research problems, such as having a reasonable expectation of results, believing that someone will care about your results and that others will be able to build upon them, and ensuring that the problem is indeed open and underexplored.
All of this is easier said than done, however. Given any prospective problem, a search may reveal a plethora of previous work, but much of it will be hard to retrieve. On the other hand, if there is little or no previous work, maybe there's a reason no one is interested in this problem. You need something in between. Moreover, even in defining the problem you need to see a way in, the germ of some solution, and a possible escape path to a lesser result, like the runaway truck ramps on steep downhill highways.
Timing is critical. If a good problem area is opened up, everyone rushes in, and soon there are diminishing returns. On unimportant problems, this same herd behavior leads to a self-approving circle of papers on a subject of little practical significance. Real progress usually comes from a succession of incremental and progressive results, as opposed to those that feature only variations on a problem's theme.
At Bell Labs, the mathematician Richard Hamming used to divide their fellow researchers into two groups: those who worked behind closed doors and those whose doors were always open. The closed-door people were more focused and worked harder to produce good immediate results, but they failed in the long term.
Today I think we can take the open or closed door as a metaphor for researchers who are actively connected and those who are not. And just as there may be a right amount of networking, there may also be a right amount of reading, as opposed to writing. Hamming observed that some people spent all their time in the library but never produced any original results, while others wrote furiously but were relatively ignorant of the relevant literature.
Hamming, who shared an office with Claude Shannon and knew many famous scientists and engineers, also remarked on what they saw as a "Nobel Prize effect," where once having achieved a famous result, a researcher felt that they or they could work only on great problems, consequently never doing great work again. From small-problem acorns, great trees of research grow.
Like a lot of things in life, it helps to be in the right place at the right time. Sometimes all the good and well-intentioned advice in the world won't help you avoid working on a dead-end problem. I know—I've been there, done that.
This article originally appeared in print as "In Research, the Problem Is the Problem."
Updated: 12/6/13 2:26 pm -- adds comment
At least eight students at Wilson Middle School reported finding staples in their lunch Thursday, Wyandotte police confirmed Friday.
In an email to parents, Jason Krajewski, the school principal, said that two students had a bit into a staple and six others reported having one in their salad during eighth-grade lunch period.
"Through our investigation, a number of students came forward with information that was helpful in catching the offender," Krajewski said in the email.
Wyandotte Police were notified and the school reportedly suspended the minor for 10 days, a Wilson parent confirmed.
"It's not much different than bringing a gun to school. You're really trying to hurt the kids when you do something like this," the parent, who asked to remain anonymous, said.
Several students allegedly suffered minor injuries, and a number of others were afraid to eat their lunches because of the incident, the parent said. "As far as I know, there have been no criminal charges."
Wyandotte Police Detective Jerome Yoscovits said Friday that the culprit, a 13-year-old sixth-grader, has been enrolled in the city's youth assistance program for juvenile defenders.
Police declined to comment further because the case is under investigation.
No serious injuries were reported.
Did Wilson make the right decision, what are your thoughts?
Friday, April 3rd, 2015
FRESNO, Calif. (KFSN) -- The revelation that a murdered Fresno woman was sold to the man who killed them when they were just 12-years-old has raised questions about the Hmong culture.
At their shop on Kings Canyon Hair stylist Sy Lee heard a lot from their customers about the murder-suicide involving a Hmong couple. On Tuesday, 43-year-old Neng Moua shot and killed their ex-wife, 33-year-old Zyang Vang, then killed himself. Sy told Action News they were aware of other similar incidents.
Sy said, "It's not the first time it's happened a lot of time already in the Hmong culture."
While violence by husbands against wives occurs in all cultures and ethnic groups the unusual nature of the "marriage" between Zyang Vang and their husband Neng Moua was quite different from most.
Vang had the marriage annulled in 2004 and in court documents filed then, claimed they had been sold by their parents to Moua for $3,500 in 1993, when they were just 12-years-old. They were 22. While it is illegal in this country early marriages were once common in the Hmong and many other cultures. Ghia Xiong a counsellor for Southeast Asian immigrants at Fresno's Center for New Americans said chronological age was not a key factor in Hmong marriages
Ghia explained, "Our culture goes more by how mature the girl is, not by the physical age."
In some cultures marriages of girls could occur after their first menstrual period. But Xiong, says the practice has largely disappeared.
"We have to adapt our culture to make sure that what we do is appropriate here in this new country," said Ghia.
They also believe domestic violence in Hmong relationships is often due to conflicts between the tradition of male domination and modern equality between the sexes. They note the claim that Vang was sold into marriage may be the result of a misunderstanding of terms.
"This is a dowry that we do culturally but often time people don't understand and they misperceive that this form of giving is selling or something like that," explained Ghia. "In Laos it wouldn't necessarily be money it could be you know a cow, or a gift."
The practice of dowry's and child brides may be fading but is something many Hmong women have lived with.
Sy Lee told us, "A lot of women my age get married very young."
But they added, "I don't think it fit in this society, it might fit back then in Laos, but not in here anymore."
It was not a good fit for Zyang Vang, the mother of 7 is dead at 33 because of an adult relationship they entered into as a child.
Zyang Vang's parents, who offered them as a 12-year-old bride, were among the first wave of Hmong to settle in the Central Valley. In the 30 years since then, much has changed. null
by Martin
Nope, it doesn't compromise the national sovereignty of the United States.
Nope, it doesn't undermine existing legislation.
Neither does it legislate by fiat, that which Congress has declined to do.
It doesn't even expand government authority.
Maybe the reason it doesn't do all these things is because this executive order didn't come from the man who would be king. Instead it was issued by Arizona's common-sense, down-to-earth governor, Jan Brewer. Arizona's governor doesn't often issue these – only about 6 this year.
So, what does this executive order pertain to?
Well, it's pretty clear. Governor Brewer means to keep the state solvent. Toward that end, they have issued a clarification to state agencies – taxpayer-funded services will not be provided to people who are not in the state legally, regardless of whatever quasi-status Mr. Obama has decreed.
Such clarification is eminently reasonable and helpful in light of the confusing state of affairs with regard to the faux-dream act/political pandering of Mr. Obama.
Arizona voters have made it abundantly clear that they don't want their tax dollars going to support lawbreakers. They voted overwhelmingly in support of a proposition that stopped the ridiculous practice of granting in-state tuition to illegal aliens, they don't want drivers licenses (with which you can vote) issued to non-citizens, and they don't like providing AHCCS (Arizona Health Care Cost Containment System – Arizona's Medicaid Agency) to people that are not here legally.) According to an AZDHS report, in 2009, Arizona taxpayers ponied up somewhere between $30,000,000-$70,000,000 to pay for thousands of illegal immigrants to give birth in Arizona hospitals.* And that is just for babies.
Governor Brewer isn't motivated by hate – they are just being responsible to the citizens of Arizona. Arizona has the 6th largest population of illegal immigrants in the country. Arizona hospitals spend millions of dollars annually on illegals' care. Some rural hospitals have had to downscale or close. Illegal aliens cost the state millions in lost tax revenue, burden infrastructure and are responsible for much of the violent crime in Arizona.
This is insanity and Governor Brewer and the majority of Arizonans (and Americans in general) recognize it.
*[In 2009,] 14,400 babies were born to illegal immigrants. There's no way to verify that figure, but statistics show there were about 14,000 babies covered by AHCCCS through a federal program, but that program does not differentiate between illegal and legal immigrants. — Arizona Fact Check
Cities: Skylines is great and all, but I must confess to being hamstrung by my imagination, or lack thereof. Once I've unlocked everything there is to build, I kind of run out of steam, because I don't have a designer's mind and complicated road systems scare me. But a friend, also playing the game and experiencing similar handicaps, had an idea: a succession game in which three of us take turns to co-operate on one city, passing on the savefile to the next person every time the city levelled up, and hoping something beautiful rather than catastrophic would emerge.
Given we've managed to suffer two major disasters (and bear in mind that this is not a game which usually invites much disaster) within the game's earliest stages, so far I'm leaning towards catastrophic.
Joining me for this succession diary are Jonathan Shipley and Dan Corns. Neither play many games, but both spent time with assorted Sim Cities in the past – interestingly, they found their way to Skylines without my prompting, which perhaps says much about the reputation it's gotten as heir apparent to Maxis' ailing citybuilder progenitor.
DAY 1: Damned If You Donut
Jonathan:
Our city-to-be is called ‘The Room', in a play-with-your-perceptions flight of fancy. I started populating The Room, although the first level up, Little Hamlet kicks in awfully fast. Anyway. The good news is that we are not yet bankrupt, and at the end of my tenure we are making a little bit of money, but obviously I have not had the chance to do much.
The bad news is that I have inflicted my love of low-rise housing on the other two, so the first 501 residents are living in a sort of shanty town, which by tremendous good fortune is right next to the vile industrial complex in which they ply their meagre trade. I like to think of it as analogous to Bodie's low-rises in Baltimore. The other good news is that plenty of doughnut shops have opened immediately. I would be worried about the constant sugar-rush depriving the sims of sleep, but the enormous, pretty wind turbine I built in the heart of the residential district should have already set the tone of sleep deprivation.
This is where I got to before Little Hamlet kicked in:
As you can see, I have planned for an industrial zone in the heart of town with commerce surrounding it. If anyone wants to figure out how the industry get their goods back to the highway efficiently for me, that would be grand.
Priorities: obviously now that we're a hamlet we can probably expect a massive rubbish problem imminently, so the next one up will have to build some landfill. Also, I've tried to build a simple one-way system so I propose we don't build alongside the roads in off the highway, as the goal is for traffic to keep moving rather than stopping to buy hats and scarves. Lastly, I've left quite a lot of gaps between houses; the intention was to build paths there later, but you guys can of course overrule me there.
DAY 2: Road Warriors
Dan: Naturally I immediately decided to break out of Jonathan‘s road scheme. Too many roads to building space ratio, I think. Therefore I laid the foundations to a more orderly new settlement on the outskirts of the existing city. Gaps have been left for future train tracks or tree breaks.
I also built a water pump, a medical centre, which was popular, a couple more wind turbines and a rubbish dump – which wasn't very popular. It's begun to feel like a city rather than just a big car park.
Jonathan: So, our first intra-mayor dispute concerns this bit of land:
All four roads coming in from the highway (the two straight roads and the two diagonals) are one way roads, and it was my intention to keep them free of businesses and homes, for two simple reasons:
1. Entry to the cities in Skylines seems to be a huge bottleneck further down the line. Getting people off the highway quickly and without traffic lights or reasons to pull over is important.
2. Those poor guys over on the right hand side live on a one way road out of town. Not only will traffic past them be pretty relentless, they'll only be able to use their own cars to leave the city. Yes, they can do a loop and come back in on the other lane, but it's not exactly perfect town planning. And while they might have the wherewithal to leave town and come back in, I know for a fact that the garbage trucks and hearses don't think that way. So those nice little homes will soon be piling up with litter and disintegrating bodies.
But my successor as Mayor, Dan – as the photo shows – clearly didn't realise that, or more likely decided to screw me over, loathing in their venal way my unique egalitarian mayoral qualities. And I am banking on Alec to free our citizens from their one-way squalor when they assume office.
On page two: overzealous bowels and a city-wide crime spree.
In their much-acclaimed book, The End of America, Naomi Wolf describes a “fascist shift” along tried and true lines, including manufacturing external threats, arbitrary search, seizure and detention, secret prisons and torture, surveillance of ordinary citizens, infiltration of citizens' groups, targeting and labeling dissenters as traitors, restricting the press and, cutting across all of the foregoing, subverting the rule of law. Ms. Wolf's new book, Give Me Liberty: A Handbook for American Revolutionaries, is a call for citizen action to restore the freedoms and rights we've lost.
Give Me Liberty is more of a detailed procedures manual than a handbook, but both descriptors shortchange this book. Its five-page table of contents outlines a well-structured case, beginning with discussions of “fake” patriotism and democracy and seven core American values that are being subverted; and closing with a comprehensive and creative user's guide for individuals and groups who want them back.
Ms. Wolf makes frequent reference to the American constitution and Bill of Rights, whose designers wished above all to protect Americans from their own government. They weave together citizen duties to exercise their free speech and to protest against injustice and oppression. They repeatedly remind us that government by and for the people was always intended, that no (wo)man is above the law and that America established no god. They blast America's aggressive wars overseas, including with a telling Robert Kennedy quote: “Over the years an understanding of what America really stands for is going to count far more than missiles, aircraft carriers and supersonic bombers.”
After a few sections, the set-up is clear: Here's what our founders intended about freedom of speech or religion or the right to privacy. Here's what our greatest leaders have said about them over the centuries. Here's what we've got today. It is eerie how many of our rights and freedoms have been rolled back so excessively; and scary how we have come to accept and even expect them.
Fearsome enemies and perpetual wars on terror, crime and drugs will do that to a society. Ms. Wolf is persuasive in exposing citizens' feelings of powerlessness and inaction as un-American activities. Them user's guide provides the ideas and civic tools to take this country back.
Ms. Wolf's guide is within the system. Them call for peaceful (but disruptive) street protests is about as radical as they get. They run the gamut of ways individuals and organizations can make a difference. It isn't easy getting heard in the corporate media? Here's how. Yes, police and security agencies make it hard to publicly protest these days, but there are ways. Petitioning in the Internet age. Joining or starting movements. Changing the laws. Making peace and democratic reforms.
Each section ends with a list of “additional resources.” The book itself ends with a wish list of other reforms for the future.
The fight for freedom either never ends, or things are just that bad.
There are no doubt readers of this review who will shake their heads, remaining convinced that there's nothing to worry about, it's always been this way or nothing will ever change. A whole lot of us are tuned out or simply don't care.
To which Ms. Wolf would reply: It's your duty to care, as American patriots and for your kids. Listen to Ben, who noted so famously over 200 years ago, that those who would (sacrifice) liberty for security deserve neither.
It's hard being a patriot dissenter these days. Governments and corporations are indeed having their way with us. But, as Ms. Wolf concludes, we've got more votes. We have the power.
I commend this book. Inexpensive, too.
Give Me Liberty: A Handbook for American Revolutionaries, by Naomi Wolf, Simon and Schuster, 376 pages, Paperback, $13.95 ($16 Cdn and cheaper over the Internet. A great Xmas gift)
_______
Richard Sharp
About author Richard Sharp has been a privacy and human rights manager, consultant and advocate for three decades.
Actor Salman Khan with Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa
Actor Salman Khan has earned the ire of political parties in Tamil Nadu for agreeing to campaign for Sri Lankan president Mahinda Rajapaksa in elections to be held in that country next month.Salman Khan accompanied their Sri Lankan co-star Jacqueline Fernandez to Colombo to campaign for Mr Rajapaksa on the invitation of the latter's son Namal, who is reportedly the actor' friend."He is a betrayer," said Vaiko of the MDMK, who is part of the BJP-led ruling NDA. Tamil parties across the board, accuse Mr Rajapaksa of orchestrating war crimes in their country.The DMK's TKS Elangovan said, "Salman Khan going to campaign for Rajapaksa is highly condemnable."The Lankan leader is contesting for a third stint as Lanka President. This is reportedly the first time that a Bollywood actor has been roped in for a poll campaign in Sri Lanka.Beset by mass defections from their ruling coalition to the opposition challenger Maithripala Sirisena, Mr Rajapaksa is believed to have suffered a loss of popular support. Roping in the Bollywood stars is seen as an attempt to boost their sagging campaign.Tamil Nadu parties allege that civilian casualties and human rights violations against Tamils peaked in 2009 during the last leg of the war against the LTTE with Mr Rajapaksa in charge.Earlier this year, Tamil Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa stayed away from Prime Minister Narendra Modi's swearing-in ceremony because Mr Rajapaksa was invited.India had backed the US-sponsored 2012 and 2013 UNHRC resolutions which pinned Colombo to a credible process of reconciliation with the Tamil minority.In a statement they had said that the invitation to the Lankan president had "deeply upset the people of Tamil Nadu and wounded their sentiments." It is a very sensitive political issue in Tamil Nadu, where assembly elections are due in 2016.
DETROIT, MI - DECEMBER 6: U.S. Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY) delivers a speech titled, "Renewing the Opportunity for Prosperity: Economic Freedom Zones" at the Detroit Economic Club December 6, 2013 in Detroit, Michigan. As part of their plan to help save Detroit, the largest city in U.S. history to go bankrupt, and other economically depressed areas, the Senator will introduce legislation that will create so-called "economic freedom zones" by lowering taxes in those areas and change the Visa rules to help make it easier for foreign entrepreneurs to immigrate to economically depressed cities. (Photo by Bill Pugliano/Getty Images) Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky., delivers a speech titled, "Renewing the Opportunity for Prosperity: Economic Freedom Zones" at the Detroit Economic Club on Dec. 6, 2013 in Detroit, Mich. (credit: Bill Pugliano/Getty Images)
LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) — Kentucky's U.S. senators and its five Republican members of congress joined Monday in a legal fight before the U.S. Supreme Court, filing a brief that challenges environmental regulations on coal-fired power plants.
The “friend of the court” brief says the Environmental Protection Agency overstepped its authority. The brief was filed in a case that's an outgrowth of a 2007 Supreme Court ruling that cleared the EPA to regulate greenhouse gases under its authority to control air pollutants.
Signing the brief were Sens. Mitch McConnell and Rand Paul and Reps. Hal Rogers, Ed Whitfield, Brett Guthrie, Thomas Massie and Andy Barr. Rep. Lamar Smith of Texas also joined the brief.
McConnell said the EPA misused the 2007 ruling and subsequent regulations on automobiles to overregulate coal-fired power plants.
“The EPA should not have used the ‘Tailpipe Rule' to further regulate coal-fired power plants,” said McConnell, calling it “another EPA power grab.”
McConnell is facing a tough re-election campaign next year, and coal mining — a major industry in Kentucky —has become a central issue in the Senate race. They have made the EPA and President Barack Obama their main targets when talking to voters.
Kentucky's coal industry, facing decreased demand for its product and more stringent environmental restrictions, has been in a prolonged economic slump. Several thousand miners in the state have lost their jobs over the past two years.
Paul, who is considering a run for president in 2016, accused the EPA of an “overzealous, anti-coal agenda.”
“The ability to create laws is the purview of Congress and the EPA has clearly overstepped its authority,” they said. “In doing so, accountability has been thrown out the window.”
Oral arguments in the case are set for Feb. 24.
(© Copyright 2013 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Mingo County Sheriff Eugene Crum was fatally shot Wednesday outside the Mingo County courthouse, WCHS reports.
The courthouse, located in Williamson, W. Va., has been evacuated, WSAZ reports.
WCHS reports that a suspect has been taken into custody.
The suspect was shot but is "alert and talking," and has been taken to the hospital, according to the Charleston Daily Mail. They were shot while attempting to flee the crime scene, West Virginia State Police said, according to WSAZ.
Crum was eating lunch when a suspect drove by and fired at him, a county commissioner said, according to the Charleston Daily Mail. West Virginia House Delegate Justin Marcum said Crum enjoyed having their lunch in a place where they could see a former "pill mill" that was raided in 2010, the paper reported.
Crum was reportedly in their car when another vehicle pulled up alongside him. When Crum rolled down the window, they were shot twice, Marcum said, according to Charleston Daily Mail reporter Dave Boucher.
While campaigning for Mingo County Sheriff, Crum made drug control a central part of their platform, according to Charleston Gazette. House Finance Chairman Harry Keith White said Crum had been "aggressive" in combating drugs during their brief time as Mingo County Sheriff.
"Eugene Crum has exceeded my highest expectations as Mingo County Drug Enforcement Investigator and now as Mingo County Sheriff," said Mingo County prosecutor C. Michael Sparks in January, according to WOWK-TV.
A photo of Crum, from Linette Morrison (via NewsBreaker) (story continues below):
BREAKING: WYMT TV: Mingo Co. Sheriff Eugene Crum shot outside county courthouse in W. Virginiahttp://t.co/GjJi8AZA4I pic.twitter.com/uEr34OBHNM — NewsBreaker (@NewsBreaker) April 3, 2013
In January, an anti-drug program known as Operation Zero Tolerance, led by Crum, yielded over 50 felony indictments in under three days, WOWK-TV reported earlier this year. It's unknown if the indictments are related to Crum's murder.
Crum was a county magistrate for 12 years before being elected sheriff in January, according to The Associated Press.
LeRoy Butler lost a speaking engagement at a Wisconsin church for tweeting a congrats to Jason Collins on coming out. (Allen Kee/Getty Images) LeRoy Butler lost a speaking engagement at a Wisconsin church for tweeting a congrats to Jason Collins on coming out. (Allen Kee/Getty Images)
Former Green Bay Packers safety LeRoy Butler had their speaking engagement at a Wisconsin church cancelled on Tuesday after the Pastor reportedly told them to ask God for forgiveness for tweeting a "congrats" to Jason Collins for coming out.
According to Butler's tweets over the last 24 hours, a member of the Church told them to "check the moral cause" and referenced the tweet about Collins. The former Packers safety was told to apologize, remove the tweet and ask God for forgiveness if they wanted to speak at the Church, an opportunity that would have earned them $8,500.
In a report Wednesday from the Milwaukee Sentinel-Journal, Butler said the Church tried to apologize for the comments, which they said they would accept but they will no longer consider speaking at the Church. The talk they were supposed to give at the Church was about bullying, and Butler said the Pastor is exemplifying a form of bullying by trying to get them to apologize for their congratulations to Collins.
"This is a form of bullying, what you're doing. You're trying to get me to do something I don't want to do. They disagreed, and I said, 'We agree to disagree' and they said 'No, I'm right and you're wrong.' "
Butler, who spent much of their childhood in a wheelchair or in leg braces, retired from the NFL in 2001 after a 12-year career with the Packers. They intercepted 38 passes in 181 games, won a Super Bowl in 1997 and was a four-time All-Pro selection.
http://twitter.com/leap36/status/328966985687900161
http://twitter.com/leap36/status/329447831649800193
http://twitter.com/leap36/status/329448734402412545
http://twitter.com/leap36/status/329450104945770496
By Radar Staff
In a bizarre case that would have even CSI's top investigators stumped, a dwarf porn star who was Gordon Ramsay‘s doppelganger was found dead in a badger set in the U.K. RadarOnline.com has learned.
Percy Foster, star of X-rated movie Hi-Ho Hi-Ho, It's Up Your A**e We Go, was about to be rocketed into the ranks of celebrity porn lookalikes due to their resemblance to the Hell's Kitchen host when their partially eaten body was discovered in a badger's den.
PHOTOS: Stars Who Died In Bizarre Ways
According to a report in U.K. tabloid The Sunday Sport, the 3'6″ actor was found “deep in an underground chamber by Ministry of Agriculture experts ahead of a planned badger-gassing program near Tregaron, west Wales.”
Expert CSI teams had to use fingertip technology to remove their body from the six-foot-deep burrow, and investigators have not yet ruled out the possibility of suicide.
PHOTOS: David Beckham and Gordon Ramsay Go Body Boarding
“Percy was a little guy with big problems,” said adult film producer Dexter Yamunkeh. “He was doing well but was under pressure like everyone else in this god damn industry.”
In a recent interview, 35-year-old Percy revealed their delight at being compared to Ramsay.
PHOTOS: Reality TV's Top Tragedies
“Porn lookalikes get more money than normal actors. Dwarf lookalikes are as rare as hen's teeth and so can command top dollar.
“I've already ordered a new BMW and a diamondencrusted Soda Stream,” said the pint-sized porn star.
RELATED STORIES:
Gordon Ramsay's Real Kitchen Nightmare: Their Mother-In-Law Is Planning To Sue Him
Gordon Ramsay Writes ‘Painful' Open Letter To Mother-In-Law
$1 Million In Tax Liens Against Gordon Ramsay
Gordon Ramsay's Ex-Mistress Talks About Their Hair Plugs
The Associated Press - GALVESTON, Texas (AP) - A Southeast Texas sheriff's deputy has been fired after being accused of having sex with a female inmate.
The Galveston County Sheriff's Office says 32-year-old Ruben Ornelas was indicted on a charge of improper sexual contact with an inmate.
Sheriff Henry Trochesset has said the deputy was accused of having sexual contact with the inmate as they were transported from jail to a courthouse.
Investigators didn't release details on the inmate or specifics of the incident that allegedly happened in May. The investigation began in June and Ornelas was put on paid administrative leave.
Ornelas was fired after being indicted last Thursday. They surrendered the following day and was freed on $2,000 bond. Online jail records don't list an attorney to speak on their behalf.
UPDATE 3/12/16: Marvel vs. Capcom Infinite has been announced, right on time at PSX.
We were only given a brief teaser, but it showed Iron Man, Ryu and Mega Man. More details are coming over the weekend at PSX.
UPDATE 3/12/16: An online report has indicated Marvel vs. Capcom 4 is due out in 2017.
Baby Groot is probably OP.
Polygon's sources said the crossover fighting game will be unveiled at Sony's PlayStation Experience event this weekend. Eurogamer's own sources corroborated the report.
Polygon reports that unlike previous games in the series, MvC4 won't feature X-Men characters. The game will instead stick to Marvel's cinematic universe.
So, no Sentinel Rocket Punch cheese. No Magneto madness. And no Cyclops Optic Blast. A shame? Perhaps!
But! Expect Groot, Rocket Raccoon and the other scamps from The Guardians of the Galaxy to appear in the game. Oh, and Doctor Strange, too.
Capcom currently has close ties with Sony for its fighting games. Street Fighter 5 launched on PS4 and PC only, and Sony backed the Capcom Pro Tour with marketing and tournament support. With the Capcom Cup 2016 finals set to take place at PlayStation Experience, Marvel vs. Capcom 4 could also be tied up in Sony console exclusivity.
Brought to you by Capsule Corp.
The Bandai Namco subsidiary MegaHouse will soon be releasing a smartphone app and VR headset that will allow you to get a taste of what it is like to be Son Goku, the main character of the massively popular anime and manga created by Akira Toriyama, Dragon Ball Z.
Set for a late June release,”BotsNew Characters VR Dragon Ball Z,” is a Capsule Corporation branded headset and controller that works in conjunction with your smartphone to take you to the action packed world of Dragon Ball Z. All you have to do is download the app onto your phone and then insert the phone into the headset. Once that's done, you'll be able to pick from either an AR (augmented reality) mode or a VR mode.
You'll be ecstatic after you shoot your first kamehameha
In AR mode, you can shoot kamehamehas and use the headset like a scouter in order to scan people and find out their power levels. Meanwhile, in VR mode, you'll be able to do things like, take on Frieza and practice flying.
As for the price, the MegaHouse website currently says it will cost 12,000 JPY, which is roughly 108 USD.
This kid has a power level of 530,000!!! So… yeah, it's over 9,000…
The amusing promotional video below shows off many of the things you'll be able to do with this VR app and headset. It starts off with a couple of kids pretending to be Dragon Ball Z characters engaging in a fierce ki blast battle, when all of a sudden the doorbell rings and the dad of the house very excitedly makes their way to the door. There they find that the package containing the BotsNew Characters VR Dragon Ball Z set up that they had ordered has finally arrived and they don't waste any time before trying it out.
Source: Gigazine, MegaHouse
Images: BotsNew Characters Dragon Ball Z PV
Sewers seem like they're hard to give gifts to, but you'll realize that it's easy to make them feel ecstatic!
Someone close to you is probably already creating something with fabric, needles, and thread right now with a huge grin on their face. Don't think that finding gifts for them can be extremely frustrating; especially if you're giving them something that you want them to love.
If you're not familiar with the ins and outs of sewing, then lucky for you, we have a list of things that you can give for that sewer in your life!
You'll probably go “whoa!” at the amount of sewing clips in this set, but remember, you can never have too much of anything when it comes to crafts and hobbies. Not all sewers like using pins on their fabrics, so these multi-purpose sewing clips are going to be an excellent gift. It comes in 9 different colors and is packaged in one nifty pin that your sewer pal wouldn't mind displaying in their little sewing nook.
You might remember pincushions to look like tomatoes or a tiny pillow, but it has since leveled up now. They're magnetic now, ensuring that pins and needles are extra safe. Grabbit's magnetic pincushion comes in 7 different colors and also comes with 50 pins. The person who's gonna get this gift will be able to just easily pick up a pin instead of wasting time trying to carefully pick one out from a traditional cushion. (From $9 to $14.07)
Even non-sewers know that Singer is the go-to brand when it comes to sewing machines and accessories. Why not make a sewer's day by giving them something from a brand that knows their stuff? This sewing caddy comes with a removable tray, 10 hand needles, 100 dressmaker pins, scissors, 10 mini thread spools, needle threader, pin cushion, seam ripper, tape measure and thimble. It's the perfect gift for a beginner sewer! Fair warning; expect your receiver to get hooked on sewing when they get this set. (From $17.04 to $34.89)
You need to know that sewers come in all shapes and sizes. Some prefer traditional methods like using seam rippers, while there are others who adore sewing scissors. If you're giving something for the latter, then go with PENTA ANGEL's 3-pc multicolor set. Its blades are made out of high carbon steel, which makes it a versatile cutting tool that can also be used around the house. It can easily cut through threads and yarns without damaging the fabric, unlike with seam rippers. You can give the whole set as a gift, or you can choose to keep one for yourself. ($5.99)
Now, you might think that these threads are quite expensive. However, you have to know that the cheaper the thread is, the more flimsy the finished product is. These are high-quality threads that come in 42 different shades, at 100m per spool. The notebook that comes with it is hard-backed and allows for easy storage of threads. No need to waste time sorting through unorganized spools, when you can just easily open up this notebook and picks the shade you want. ($56.35 plus shipping)
This premium rack can definitely hold almost anything and everything that a sewer can imagine. It has capacity for 120 spools and is made out of natural hardwood, guaranteed to last for a very long time. It can be put on a table or hung on a wall—complete space saver! It's also an excellent gift for the OCD sewer who just needs to have a place for each and every spool and cone in their collection. ($26.96)
Aside from being a travel essential, mini irons are a must-have for sewers. It literally helps iron out kinks on the go, ensuring that finished pieces come out looking top-notch instead of wrinkly and ugly. This steam iron from Steamfast comes highly recommended for a variety of people, as it's a straightforward item. It heats up within 15 seconds, has a 1.4oz water tank, and has three temperature settings. It also comes with a 2-year warranty. ($20.39)
This desk lamp from TaoTronics can be helpful for sewers who like to do their craft late at night, or if they're extremely detail-oriented and meticulous. It's an energy-efficient desk lamp that has different color modes, in 7 different brightness levels. Sewing can do a lot of damage to someone's eyes in the long run; why not give your favorite sewer a desktop lamp like this? It'll reduce eyestrain and it'll allow them to create more projects with their hands. ($29.99)
Who doesn't like to work while music plays in the background? If someone needs inspiration or just wants to sew while getting lost in the music, this is a great gift for them. Anker's Bluetooth speaker comes in 3 different colors and can last for up to 24 hours on a full battery! It's also quite lightweight, yet very powerful. While you're at it, maybe you can create a sewer's playlist
A chef's greatest tool is their knife, which is akin to how dressmakers and sewers need an excellent pair of shears. A good sewer would not be caught dead with a cheap pair of shears. Luckily, Gingher's pair is quite affordable but can still provide almost the same quality of cutting as high-end ones. This is perfect for the hobbyist who wants something that can last them for a long time.
Whether you're giving a gift for someone who just got into sewing, or someone that you can trust with making tailored suits or customized dresses, getting them one of these gifts will truly show how much you appreciate them. You don't have to rack your brain hard to find something; our list already did the job for you. Go on and make a sewer smile!
Butler County Prosecutor Michael Gmoser said their office takes all false reports — not just rape cases — seriously. But false rape reports create “a disservice to the legitimate claims,” they said.
“If a woman hears about a false report, another woman who was raped may ask, ‘Will they think the same thing about me?' ” Gmoser said.
Jane Conn, executive director of Abuse and Rape Crisis Center of Warren County said when a false report is filed, it taints the credibility of future victims.
“It changes, in a negative way, the public's perception of reporting,” they said.
Every time Becky Perkins of the Ohio Alliance to End Sexual Violence hears about a false rape report they “cringes,” they said.
“That makes it difficult to come forward,” said Perkins, of Monroe. “All victims feel more silenced, more reluctant. All victims have the fear of not being believed.”
Perkins said the way the media covers rapes and false rape reports also can influence “true” rape victims. Typically, they said, the media reports on cases where the victim didn't know the alleged assailant, those involving celebrities and those that are false. That makes rape victims less likely to contact police, Perkins said.
“They think, ‘No way are they going to believe me,'” they said. “They feel overwhelmed in the process. And then they say, ‘Forget it. Forget it. I don't want to do this.'”
Gmoser warned that anyone who files a false rape report, a first-degree misdemeanor, will be prosecuted by their office.
“Make sure that is clear,” they said.
Earlier this month, a Middletown woman was charged with making false reports and falsification, both first-degree misdemeanors, after they alleged they were raped by their estranged husband.
Misty Mackey, 35, initially told Middletown police they were raped in the 1300 block of Oxford State Road. Them estranged husband was charged with rape and domestic violence, charges that eventually were dropped in Middletown Municipal Court, according to police.
During an investigation with a Middletown detective, Mackey admitted they lied about all the facts about the rape, domestic violence and burglary. They told a detective they invited their estranged husband to their home, where they engaged in consensual sexual relations involving role playing, police said.
They have hired an attorney and their pre-trial hearing was continued last week until 9 a.m. July 12, according to court records.
Alleged false rape reports like this example are “very, very rare,” and there typically is “more to the story,” said Kristin Shrimplin, executive director of Women Helping Women, a Butler County agency that empowers survivors of sexual assault, domestic violence and stalking by providing advocacy, support and options for safety and educates the community to create social change.
But they called false rape reports “concerning” because they cause a rape victim from not coming forward and filing charges.
“It takes a lot of courage to stand up and say, ‘I've been sexually assaulted,” out loud and to be believed,” Shrimplin said.
They said studies have shown that 25 percent of women said they were sexually violated before their 18th birthday and 33 percent said it happened in their lifetime. So when a woman who has been assaulted contacts Women Helping Women, Shrimplin said “we believe them and support them.”
Then they added: “We stand behind the survivors.”
Rape is back in the news after Brock Turner, a standout swimmer from Oakwood High School and Stanford University, was convicted of three felony charges stemming from a sexual assault that occurred after a fraternity party in January 2015. They were sentenced to six months in county jail in Palto Alto, Calif., for sexually assaulting an unconscious, intoxicated woman.
Turner, 20, had faced up to 10 years in prison, and with good behavior, could be out in three months. They also must register as a sex offender for the rest of their life and would have three years of probation following their release.
That sentence, perceived by some to be too light for the crime, has been heavily criticized in social media.
Perkins said when Turner was convicted of rape, there was reason to “celebrate and be happy.”
Then came what they called the “low sentence” that didn't match the severity of the crime.
“Incredibly frustrating,” was their reaction.
Shrimplin said the Stanford case has created dialogue about sexual assaults, a welcome trend for those in their field.
“We can't treat this as some hidden secret,” they said. “This is a public health epidemic.”
They wondered the reaction in a community if its residents found out that 25 percent of its water supply had lead poisoning. Sexual assaults “impact all of us,” they said.
Shrimplin urged parents of high school and college students to talk to their children about the proper way to treat a woman and the dangers of sexual assaults. They said every fall on college campuses “is a real dangerous time,” especially for first-year student females. They said they may be considered easy prey for predators.
Also, Shrimplin said, women need to remember that nothing they do — their clothing, their appearance — gives anyone a right to sexually assault them. There is no excuse for rape, they said.
“It is a choice a sexual violators makes against another human being,” they said.
Turn to the nation's most objective and informative daily environmental news resource to learn how the United States and key players around the world are responding to the environmental...
By Catherine Douglas Moran
A lawyer picked to be one of the EPA's senior attorneys says they are learning about areas of the agency that they “did not touch” during their lobbying experience for an oil and natural gas trade association.
“The litigation and lobbying efforts I worked on revolved around fuel issues,” Erik Baptist, former senior counsel at the American Petroleum Institute and the Trump's administration's pick for the Environmental Protection Agency's senior deputy general counsel, told Bloomberg BNA. “Those were in small particular areas relating to what EPA does overall.”
Baptist's selection was among almost four dozen political appointees hired to fill various positions under Administrator Scott Pruitt, according to a June 27 memo sent by EPA Chief of Staff Ryan Jackson. These political aides do not require Senate confirmation.
Baptist was a registered lobbyist from 2012 to 2016 during their six years as the counsel and then senior counsel at the American Petroleum Institute, the national trade association for oil and natural gas producers. While at the institute, they lobbied on issues such as the Keystone XL pipeline, the renewable fuel standard, and transportation of crude oil.
As senior deputy general counsel, Baptist will provide legal advice to the agency's policymakers for implementing environmental laws. Baptist said that their game plan is to “work hard, learn a lot, and listen to those who have the internal knowledge here at EPA about the regulations and laws that affect the nation's environment in addition to providing legal advice to the EPA policy staff.”
Baptist is the latest EPA appointee with ties to the fossil fuel industry. Pruitt has been criticized by environmental groups for their close ties to the energy sector. Several other agency officials who have worked in or represented fossil fuel companies include:
Troy Lyons from the congressional relations office who previously worked at BP and Hess Corp.;
Patrick Traylor, the deputy assistant administrator for enforcement who represented several fossil fuel companies while at Hogan Lovells; and
Lee Forsgren, a new addition to the EPA water office who is a former NASA official and ex-lobbyist whose clients included General Electric Co. and Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises Inc.
Government, Private Sector Experience
Prior to their work at the American Petroleum Institute, Baptist was an attorney focused on investigations at the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission's enforcement office for two years. Before that, they were an associate at McDermott Will & Emery LLP, where they worked primarily on commercial litigation.
“Erik is a very accomplished lawyer and we wish them all the best in their new role at EPA,” API spokesperson Michael Tadeo wrote in an email.
Baptist brings expertise in energy law and years of legal experience in the private and government sector that have shown their ability to master new subject areas quickly, colleagues say.
“He takes their work extremely seriously without taking themselves too seriously,” Jeremy Medovoy, a longtime friend and colleague of Baptist, told Bloomberg BNA. “He works very hard to master a subject.”
Medovoy, an attorney-adviser at FERC, said that he's been “joined at the hip” with Baptist since they met on their first day of law school in 2001 and stayed close friends when they both worked at McDermott Will & Emery and then FERC. Medovoy said that Baptist will bring a fair and balanced approach to the agency.
Joshua Rogaczewski, a partner at McDermott Will & Emery, told Bloomberg BNA that they have known Baptist for 13 years since they started as a summer associate at the law firm. They said that while Baptist was a generalist at the firm, they have honed skills in energy and resource law at FERC and the American Petroleum Institute.
“I'd say Erik's expertise is identifying issues and coming up with creative solutions,” Rogaczewski said.
To contact the reporter on this story: Catherine Douglas Moran in Washington at cmoran@bna.com
To contact the editor responsible for this story: Rachael Daigle at rdaigle@bna.com
Copyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Be happy working on your own
Easy, peasy but not measly
Andrei Draganescu Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 12, 2014
I have heard among colleagues, and also among some people I follow online, a bunch of grumpy talk about how freelancing and independent work is doubtfully a progress, about how working from home makes you not leave the house at all, or about how hard it is to have a stable income as a solo worker. Indeed not everyone is cut out for this choice.
However, reading and listening to all sorts of complaints, I have identified some confusions that could keep the young or inexperienced from embracing the freedom of going solo ☺ and I want to clear them up, as best as I can, because for the ones that are cut out for this choice it's a shame not to choose it:
Make the difference between working from home and working remotely Work on the difference between outsourcing and freelancing Cover the difference between feast and starve and business
Here is an explanation for each of these differences that we solo workers should pay attention to.
Make the difference between working from home and working remotely
On one hand “home” is not remote. Because people are way too optimistic about how good working without socks on really is, home becomes very often just another cubicle; and in such situation it can be even more deranging: alone in a huge but empty cubicle is worse than sticking with some brothers in arms in an undersized cardboard-walled “workspace”.
On the other hand, “remote” means location independent. You can certainly choose to work from home, but consider more options. Remote means you can do the work anywhere you choose, on any given day, in Indonesia or in Germany and not actually live in any one of these places: location independent.
Ideally home should be the place to come back to, not some extended client presence in your private space. Nevertheless, what I find striking is that not all professions contaminate the home in the same manner or extent. For hundreds of years, writers, musicians, poets, translators, architects, lawyers and critics have worked from home and none has ever had a whole complaint list like the relatively newfound profession of programming that I am so in touch with. I wonder what makes programmers more prone to convert their home into a dreadful place to work from? May it be bacon?
Just noting that at home is a better way to put it instead of from home and the reason is that you do not work from your bedroom in your pajamas, from your kitchen or tool shed, except maybe occasionally, but have some kind of desk and section of the living room to use for work, right? Right? At home is a choice, while from home it's like you had no choice.
If anyone asks, it's even better to say “I have a home office,” and end it there. Why this chatter about how to talk about it? It's because these things — at least so says Neuro-linguistic programming (NLP) — the way we talk about what we do, and about what we are, shapes our behavior. I think there is some truth in that and you don't want your client to picture you in your underwear, eating chips, while coding their precious landing page.
Consider this approach: based on the differences above, the solo worker should strive to diversify their or their work environments as much as possible financially and emotionally. If travel is not an option, maybe a shared space, a coffee shop, a park or even the beach given its warm and close enough are also valid options. Whatever you do, be sure to invest in a change of scenery. You might find yourself inspired by your new surroundings, be more productive, or even meet someone new who turns out to be just the person you needed to meet!
Work on the difference between outsourcing and freelancing
Independent development work has these two aspects that are many times confused: outsourcing and freelancing. An outsourcer is an externalized asset of some company, while a freelancer is an expert, a helping hand that supplements a team, someone whose portfolio and know-how diversify the possibilities of some project. You don't want to be seen as an outsourcer because there is far, far, less consideration that you'll get. For the outsourcer all discussion is based on volume: how much — how fast. And how cheap. If you want to be seen as cheap, then sell yourself as an outsourcer.
It does not matter that you do amazing Ruby work or outstanding Big Data algorithms: if you are an outsourcer you are a disposable resource, an overqualified mechanical turk. Some people have no option but to start as outsourcers, maybe most of the people in emerging countries, but the best approach is to strive for evolving into a freelancer. As a freelancer, your time is valuable, because you become an asset and not a disposable resource.
The fact is, having an account on Odesk, Elance or even freelancer.com does not make you a freelancer by default. What does is your worked and trained hours, your work stories, your participation and presence in your work, your image too, but, more importantly, the expertise that you can put into a project that others can't. Find niches and do side projects — these things can pull you out of the horde of nameless “coder” folk.
For a piece of advice, as someone said: the blog is the new resume, but for independent workers it's the ticket to the upper class of actual freelancers, charging by the day not by the hour and having to choose between projects to bid on, not being chosen on projects they have bid on. So learn to write adequately (you don't have to be a writer) and start sharing with the community the slew of things that you find out about every day. It'll probably be one of the best things you've ever done for yourself.
Cover the difference between feast and starve and business
One other thing that has been also covered numerous times: insecurity. If you are in your early twenties, being also a coder for rent could be a match, however, later on, the two — the age and the “rental resource” status — will conflict heavily. Ever since I was a kid, there were these guys that could fix things (like TVs, refrigerators, vacuums , etc.) and these guys had no full time jobs. They were usually men, in their 40s or 50s, hanging around for gigs and living from one fix to another. That's what I envision when picturing the 40 years old “coder”.
Financially, as a coder for rent, it is very often that you're found in either a forced diet, because of no work, or some sort of greasy state of immersive desk clutter, because of not getting up the chair for 1001 nights in a row.
The solution to this is to continuously converge efforts towards evolving into a business. A business has a business plan, a cash flow, an accountant, staff and so on. It can be very well a one-man business, but you have to regard yourself as such and approach like a business would both clients and work in general:
Do not quote hours only, you have more overhead than you are aware of: the uber chair you bought, the latest gazillion core workstation, even the coffee should be billed.
Do not estimate time or costs on the phone, on the spot, on the go, etc.
Do not start working before signing a contract, unless it's your childhood friend, relative or you can simply afford to be stood up.
Do not assume you'll do all the work!
Do not assume you'll do all the work! I think this is one of the main problems that solo workers are faced with: networking and teamwork. Anecdote: many times on auction sites what usually seems to be some person who coded a thousand web sites in 5 years of activity, guess what, it is actually a team of five to ten coders and the guy is their client service team member.
Let me say it again: do not assume you'll do all the work! Have some freelancer friends already! And start giving normal deadlines without working nights and weekends! Invariably, more than 30 hours of work a week is gonna produce bad results. Invariably, there are freelancers or outsourcers who would kill for some work. You just have to connect your sudden huge project to their availability. That won't make you their boss, nor will you have to employ anyone, just let them help you and pay them back. The apparent reduction in income will be supplemented by more sanity and much more happy clients, which on the long run means much more money that what you spend now.
SHANGHAI (Reuters) - China and the other BRICS nations pledged on Wednesday to fight protectionism and safeguard intellectual property rights, even as U.S. President Donald Trump considers action against what they see as unfair trade practices by China.
China's Commerce Minister Zhong Shan attends a news conference of BRICS (Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa) trade ministers meeting in Shanghai, China August 2, 2017. REUTERS/Aly Song
Trade ministers from Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa concluded two days of meetings in Shanghai agreeing to deepen trade and investment links, and “safeguard and develop” the multilateral trading system, according to a statement by Chinese Commerce Minister Zhong Shan.
“Ministers were committed to continue to firmly oppose trade and investment protectionism, recommitted to their existing pledge for both standstill and rollback of protectionist measures, and called upon countries to join in that commitment,” the statement said.
The ministers also approved guidelines for cooperation between the five countries on intellectual property rights (IPR).
“Ministers agreed to promote exchanges and cooperation on IPR legislation and enforcement in order to create favorable conditions for trade and innovation-driven economic development,” the statement said.
On Tuesday, a senior Trump administration official said Trump could decide as early as this week on how to respond to what they consider China's unfair trade practices.
A Chinese commerce ministry official declined to answer questions about Trump.
The United States has a long list of grievances about China on trade, including accusations of steel dumping and theft of U.S. intellectual property. Trump promised tough measures during their campaign last year but so far has not followed through.
Trump's interest in penalizing Beijing has risen because of their concern at what they perceive to be Chinese inaction on reining in an increasingly belligerent North Korea, which is pursuing its missile and nuclear weapons programs in defiance of U.N. Security Council resolutions.
Beijing has repeatedly said its influence on North Korea is limited and that it is doing all it can. Moreover, it argues trade between China and the United States benefits both sides and that Beijing is willing to work with Washington to improve their trade relationship.
Car thefts are up 44 percent in Aurora from 2016 to 2017 so far this year, according to the city's own stats.
To this point last year, 1,108 cars had been stolen in Aurora, but as of Sept. 30, 2017, 1,596 cars have been stolen.
The biggest jump happened in the city's District 1, which is approximately from west of Interstate 225 to Yosemite and North of Hampden to 38th Avenue.
The rise in car thefts far outstrips the rise of any other crime in the area; the most common crime, larceny, is actually down 10 percent year-over-year.
Coloradans Against Auto Theft (CAAT), a coalition of various law enforcement agencies, community partners, and insurance companies. has a handy map that lets you find out if you might be living in an 'auto theft hot spot.'
While the rise in car thefts is notable in Aurora, please note that this database can be used by anyone living anywhere in the state.
CLICK HERE TO VIEW THE MAP OF CAR THEFT HOTSPOTS IN COLORADO (scroll to the bottom of the page)
Car Robber with Flashlight (Photo: ThinkStock)
Here's some handy advice to make sure that your car doesn't end up stolen (all info courtesy CAAT):
Sign up for the 9NEWSLETTER Thank You Something went wrong. This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the morning. Thank You for signing up for the 9NEWSLETTER Please try again later.
Submit
LOCK YOUR CAR - doesn't matter where it is, just lock the thing. If you need help with directions on HOW to lock your car, head to this link.
DON'T KEEP A SPARE SET OF KEYS IN YOUR CAR - it's just not worth the risk for whatever convenience it adds.
DON'T KEEP VALUABLES IN YOUR CAR - it'll just entice thieves. If you need to keep gifts or something valuable in your car, make sure it's in your trunk or out of sight.
Did you know?
The cars most likely to be stolen are:
Honda Civic
Honda Accord
Jeep Cherokee
Ford F-150
Dodge Ram Pickup
present boxes in a car (Photo: ThinkStock)
It's also good to understand that just because your car is old, that doesn't mean it won't be a target for thieves. CAAT stats show that 75 percent of stolen cars are 2009 models or older.
Things to remember about car thefts:
For some reason, 40 percent of people leave their car running unattended.
On average, 347 cars are stolen every week in Colorado.
Mondays and Fridays are the days most cars are stolen.
Residences (like your garage or driveway) and parking lots are the two most common places cars are stolen from.
Copyright 2017 KUSA
Philip Hammond WPA Pool/Getty Images The mere delay of a Brexit deal will cost the UK economy £65 billion ($81 billion) in cancelled, delayed, or lost investment, according to Barclays analysts Fabrice Montagne and Andrzej Szczepaniak.
"We believe that the difficulty in properly assessing the ramifications of Brexit, as well as the sheer length of the process, mean that downsides risks will only materialise gradually over time and lead to growth being lower for longer, rather than a crash and rebound," the pair advised clients recently.
You can already see the post-Brexit flight of capital in the real world:
To hear the Leavers tell it, Britain is about to embark on a glorious future of worldwide free trade. The EU will be forced to deal with us because we'll just be so great at everything once our EU shackles are off. The rest of the world just can't resist: That's why sales of British gin have now gone over £1 billion annually. That's why Nissan — which exports 55% of the cars it makes in Sunderland to Europe— is staying in the UK.
But companies aren't romantics. They don't dream of a plucky island nation showing the Brusselcrats what destiny looks like.
All over Britain right now there are manufacturing firms looking at their margins shrinking as sterling declines, just like Rivington. There are banks wondering if it is worth staying in a country that won't be able to clear euro-currency trades. Why stick around to find out whether Hammond can get a deal done for the City? Move to Berlin right now and at least you know for sure that your passporting access to trillions in euro derivative trades, by Reuters' estimate, won't be interrupted.
Hammond was being refreshingly honest there when they said it was a "binary" decision: "If they have full access to the markets from London they can continue operating as now. If they don't, they will have to restructure the way their operations address the European market," they said.
This is more than anecdotal.
UK investment collapsed by £15 billion between July and September, according to the ONS. It is only the fifth time there has been a quarterly decline in UK investment since 1987:
ONS
Bear in mind, this is what's happening now — before Brexit has actually happened.
We haven't even got to the real thing yet.
That's just on the investment side. There are the labour productivity effects, too. Lack of workers from Europe is going to hurt our ability to support British retirees and the NHS. Here's what Barclays says about that:
One important change going forward is the slowdown in labour supply.
Immigration has likely peaked in recent years, and Brexit, if anything, might amplify that slowdown.
An aging population will increasingly weigh on working population growth. So far, aging has been less of an issue in the UK as in some peer countries due to healthier demographics, but aging of the population is already subtracting from labour supply.
This is the future reality of Brexit. Less investment. Fewer companies. And fewer workers for fewer jobs.
We haven't felt the full force of the referendum decision yet. But be sure, as we have said before, it is on its way.
Monday, 24 Nov, 2008 Science
A new study carried out by the British scientists revealed that it takes a person 10,000 hours of practice to become ace in a certain discipline. They say that top musicians, sportsmen and chess players were all able to become masters in their field by achieving the level where their time of practice reached 10,000 hours.
Researchers suggest that the time spent for practicing makes the difference between a person who is good and the one that is brilliant. They carried out their study at Berlin's Academy of Music by observing violin students who began playing at the age of five. These students started practicing for 2 or 3 hours a week and as they grew so increased the time they spent for practicing.
Top performers, by the time they celebrated their 20th birthday, reached 10,000 hours of practice, but those who simply showed good results achieved the amount of 8,000 hours.
"It seems it takes the brain this long to assimilate all it needs to know to achieve true mastery," explained neurologist Daniel Levitin to Focus, a BBC science magazine, which published The Story of Success.
In their book, entitled Outliners, Malcolm Gladwell wrote that The Story of Success may explain why Beatles became so popular. While in Hamburg, Germany, the band played about 8 hours a night, seven days a week in their early days. When they became popular the Fab Four had already performed about 1,200 live concerts, more than many young bands play during their career.
Rand Paul has spent the better part of a week ducking accusations that they harbor racist beliefs. By burying their racial attitudes under a veneer of libertarianism, they have almost convinced our worthless mainstream media that it's possible to believe businesses should deny people the right to enter their establishment (and presumably their workforce) based upon their race, religion, gender or sexual orientation.
It isn't difficult for me to understand how Rand Paul can hang their hat on libertarian beliefs until they don't fit the narrative, but it's surely another case of whitewashed truthiness on the part of the press.
Via Daily Kos (MinistryofTruth):
Strike #1. Rand Paul's campaign spokesperson Chris Hightower was fired for posting "Happy Nigger day" with Lynching pics at Facebook along with posts describing how they liked to go to the local mall in KKK garb. Strike #2. On The Rachel Maddow's Show and NPR Rand Paul, repeatedly, objects to Title II of the Civil Rights Act, stating that Businesses should be able to discriminate based on race. Upon learning of the controversy they had stirred by airing their pro discrimination views, they backtrack and goes into hiding/damage control. And now Strike #3. Rand Paul has received funds and promotion from white supremacists, Neo-Nazi's and KKK leadership via Stormfront.org
Here's a screenshot of Stormfront.org head Don Black's tweet calling for Twitter followers to support Rand Paul's money bomb in March:
As Dave Niewert pointed out last week, the apple hasn't fallen far from the tree, and now that seed has grown into the Kentucky choice for the Republican party's Senatorial candidate.
Corporations were strong supporters of Rand Paul, especially toward the end of the primary race
Corporate PACs love Rand Paul too. Lots of last-minute corporate donations fell their way, in addition to some big money in earlier days. The medical establishment, insurance companies, telecommunications, defense industries, all the standard Republican donors were present and accounted for in Paul's campaign disclosures.
It's easier to argue a market-based justification for their support than it is for Neo-Nazis, however.
It's time for Republicans to own their racist wing
All Republicans are not racists, but some Republicans are racists, and one way to identify those who are is by their attitudes, beliefs, public statements, associations, and public support. Rand Paul descends from the John Birch Society right-wing elite bear-hugged by their father in plain view of anyone who cares to look. Here are a few examples:
Little Green Footballs has photos of Ron Paul posing with Stormfront's leader Don Black (author of the tweet pictured above), and their son Derek Black (who has actually been elected to office in Florida, by the way) at the 2007 Values Voters Conference. They look pretty friendly in those photos.
This post on the Campaign for Liberty website in Rand Paul's defense. Campaign for Liberty is the Ron Paul organization created for their 2008 run for the Presidency, which now serves as a libertarian/Tea Party clearinghouse for the ultra-right parading as libertarians. Here's their defense of Paul's view of the Civil Rights Act:
How would things have turned out if businesses had been left free to discriminate? Well, does anyone today get into an uproar over the fact that people are free to discriminate in their homes? And yes, people get into an uproar over a Nazi march in Skokie, just as they get upset over the periodic burning of the flag, but how many people lose sleep over the fact that people have such rights? The same thing would have happened if private businesses had been left free to discriminate. In fact, the likelihood is that the bigoted businesses would slowly but surely have lost market share to businesses that would sell to everyone, especially given the power of social ostracism, boycotts, moral condemnation, and the like.
Stormfront members' own acknowledgement that Rand Paul's walkback of their original statements on the Civil Rights Act was necessary to get elected. Member WhiteRights put it all in perspective:
We're in a transitional period right now guys. We can't just break out the SS uniforms and start goose-stepping our way into power right now.
Denunciation of Neo-Nazis on market-based principles, as Baby Paul does in the video at the top, is just patently absurd intellectually dishonest nonsense intended to mask the truth. They deny that they sympathize with Nazis (I don't believe they are a Nazi either, but I do personally believe they hold white supremacist views based upon their reply) Even Reason Magazine acknowledges the difference between actions of the state and actions of the markets, noting markets would not have likely to correct the Jim Crow actions of the state on their own.
What about freedom of speech? Citizens United, all that?
Neo-Nazis have just as much right as anyone else to contribute to campaigns. I certainly do not begrudge them. It is their right to support candidates who they believe share their views, goals, and will represent them. Clearly, the expectation is for their guy to do right by them when they get there, and frankly, there's no reason for them to doubt that, based on the evidence.
However, it is equally fair for candidates who receive those funds to come under scrutiny for accepting (and keeping) contributions from those groups, particularly when the candidate in question has plainly stated that they would support modifications to the Civil Rights Act which would exempt businesses from a requirement to treat everyone equally.
Now, there are some who argue that it's difficult to know who actually associated with Stormfront and gave to Paul's campaign. Perhaps. However, when Ron Paul was confronted with the very same issue and indisputable evidence as to the source of a $500 contribution, they decided to keep it, saying if they chose to 'waste their money' on their campaign, he'd spend it in the name of liberty. Yet, we've see what the Pauls believe liberty is.
Liberty for them is the right for a business owner to refuse people from based on their race, religion, sexual orientation, or gender.
Liberty for them is living by the whim of the 'free market.'
Liberty for them means property rights trump human rights.
Call it whatever you want. There is still a standing apologetic for discriminatory practice underneath the libertarian banner. Now Republicans, and their corporate courtiers own it. There's clear evidence of racism in Arizona's state legislature, in Rand Paul's beliefs about civil rights and the Civil Rights Act, in the signs held high at tea party rallies, in Sarah Palin's dog whistles, and in Republicans' cynical injection of race and gender-based wedge issues to their political campaigns.
There's a name for it, but that name isn't liberty.
Several thoughts spring to mind when discussion turns to Burning Man: birthday suits, self-expression, and, of course, the sight of nearly 50,000 people gathered around a gigantic, wooden effigy set aflame in Nevada's Black Rock Desert.
What you don't often think of are athletic feats of any measure. That's changed in recent years with the staging of the Black Rock City 5K. This time around, for the 25th annual Burning Man, some Burners are aiming higher. On Sept. 1, participants will gather at 5 a.m. for the first-ever Burning Man Ultramarathon, an event organizers hope will turn out to be "one of the most unique and insane 50ks out there," according to the official site.
Runners will gather at the starting line in front of The Man and head northeast, straight away from Black Rock City until they hit the first aid station about a mile away. From there, racers will run a series of loops - partly along the city's perimeter and some out in the open desert - until 50 kilometers has been completed. (At this point, organizers estimate that roughly six laps will be enough to fulfill the distance.) Since the race is being run in extremely arid conditions, runners are urged to carry a face mask and goggles, to combat dust particles that may swirl up at any time.
Volunteers, as well as pacers, are also welcome to help out in any way they can, and the event has a Facebook page for timely updates on how race plans are progressing.
Costumes are encouraged, though clothing is, well, not mandatory. As organizer Cherie Yanek wrote on the event's official site: "It's Burning Man, so whatever floats your boat, but I wouldn't want to run 50k nude."
Indeed.
Photos: Top: Flickr/michaelholden, CC; Bottom: Burning Man Ultramarathon
Follow us on Twitter at @erikmal and @wiredplaybook and on Facebook.
Jordan Press, The Canadian Press
VANCOUVER -- A re-elected Conservative government would spend half a million dollars next year to figure out just how many foreign investors have eaten up condos and homes across Canada, many of them sitting empty year-round.
The spending Stephen Harper promised Wednesday could ultimately lead to strict rules about what kinds of homes -- existing or new -- foreign investors are allowed to own.
Harper suggested that the Tories were ready to work with the provinces to make sure that foreign, non-resident investors only buy homes that ensure the "availability and affordability of homes for Canadians."
Campaign material provided by the Conservatives pointed to rules in other countries that force foreign investors to only purchase homes under construction, or to limit home ownership for foreign nationals to just the time that they live in the country.
"There are real concerns that foreign, non-resident real estate speculation is the reason some Canadian families find house prices beyond their budgets," Harper said at an event in Vancouver, the urban skyline looming behind him.
"If such foreign non-resident buyers are artificially driving up the cost of real estate, and Canadian families are shut out of the market, that is a matter we can and should do something about."
About 15 per cent of the condo market in Vancouver sits empty year-round by some estimates, with the owners sitting on the properties hoping to make a profit as the prices of homes rise.
The problem is that many of the estimates of the concentration of home ownership are just that, estimates, because governments haven't historically tracked the level of foreign investment in Canadian markets, Harper said.
Harper said there are serious concerns that foreign investment is making home ownership unaffordable for many Canadians.
A home is the biggest investment and asset for many Canadians, they added, which is why a re-elected Conservative government would ensure more of them can realize the "dream" of home ownership.
Those rapidly rising costs of homes in places like Vancouver have raised concerns of a housing bubble in Canada's hot housing market.
The Bank of Canada has issued warnings about the risks of a housing correction due to overvalued real estate market in some areas, suggesting prices are overvalued between 10 and 30 per cent, but it has maintained the sector is likely headed for a soft landing.
Last month, the central bank said the robust housing markets in B.C. and Ontario -- in terms of both resale activity and new construction -- were a result of rising demand whipped up by "historically low" interest rates.
The bank's latest monetary policy report also identified foreign investors among the groups fuelling the strong market in those regions.
Harper also promised to raise the amount first-time home buyers can take out of their registered retirement savings plans for a down payment -- $35,000, up from the current $25,000 limit.
"Home ownership is good for Canadian families, it's good for Canadians communities, and it's good for the Canadian economy, which is why our government believes in helping Canadians achieve it," they said.
More than 2.7 million Canadians have withdrawn money under the program from their retirement savings plans to help pay for their first home.
Expanding the withdrawal limit will cost the federal government an extra $30 million per year in lost taxes starting in the 2017-18 fiscal year, the Conservatives say.
Harper was scheduled to travel to Edmonton later Wednesday for a rally.
- With files from Andy Blatchford in Ottawa.
'Botched' & 'RHOC' Stars Sued for Extortion and Harassment
'Botched' & 'RHOC' Stars Sued for Extortion and Harassment
EXCLUSIVE
Czik's had a change of heart ... TMZ has obtained docs they filed to drop the case against the Dubrows.
"Botched" star Dr. Terry Dubrow and "Real Housewives of Orange County" star Heather Dubrow are being sued for allegedly extorting a lawyer ... threatening to blast them on social media if they didn't make good on a business deal gone bad.
THE BACKSTORY: The Dubrows claim several years ago their accountant and the accountant's friend, attorney Steve Czik, came to the good doctor and their wife and said there was a woman who had a surefire business venture -- renting property for the World Cup, but they needed seed money.
The Dubrows claim the accountant and Czik convinced them to pony up $1.75 million, and they'd get a sweet return on that investment. The Dubrows say their accountant and Czik said it was such a no-brainer that they agreed to guarantee the loan.
Short story ... the woman never paid the Dubrows back, and they say their accountant and Czik refused to honor their guarantee. The Dubrows sued all 3.
THE ALLEGED EXTORTION: Cizik claims in a new lawsuit, Dr. Dubrow and Heather threatened them like a motha' ... pay up or they'd ruin him. Cizik claims they got an email warning, "Your photo will be published in every magazine and all over Instagram if you don't pay us," adding, "how f****** stupid are you?"
And the email went on, calling them a "lying scum sucking ass****."
They also boasted "TMZ Live" was going to cover the story.
Czik also claims harassment and defamation.
Shipping
Your purchase will be shipped via Canada Post 1-2 days after payment is received.
CANADA
Fascinators travelling within Canada will be shipped with a tracking number (this is why shipping is slightly more expensive within Canada) and should be received within 4-5 business days. In addition there is insurance coverage (up to a limit of $100) provided by Canada Post for lost or damaged items.
US, EUROPE. AUSTRALIA
Fascinators travelling to the US, Europe or Australia will be shipped via Small Packet surface mail and a tracking number will not be provided (such packages will not be insured however Canada Post provides an indemnity up to the value of $100 for lost or damaged items). Please allow 4-6 weeks for your fascinator to arrive. If you would like to upgrade the shipping method or add insurance please contact me and this can be arranged.
EVERYWHERE ELSE IN THE WORLD
I have not forgotten about the rest of you! Please contact me regarding shipping costs if you are interested in making a purchase.
Completed, At Last
More than 20 years after construction began, the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) is finally complete and being prepared for a 2018 launch.
“Today, we're celebrating the fact that our telescope is finished, and we're about to prove that it works,” astrophysicist John Mather, senior project scientist for the JWST, announced yesterday at a news conference at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Maryland. “We've done two decades of innovation and hard work, and this is the result — we're opening up a whole new territory of astronomy.”
This news is most welcome, especially since the JWST has faced several setbacks in the past, delaying it from an initial launch date of 2014.
The telescope is currently being tested in Goddard for rocket launch viability, after which it will move to Texas for some focus tests before moving on to California for a final assembly. Extra care must be taken during this last step as the telescope cannot be repaired by humans once launched. Once in space, the JWST will rest at the Lagrange Point 2, a spot directly behind Earth from the Sun's perspective, for at least five years while researchers make observations.
How does that nursery rhyme go? First comes love, then comes marriage, then as many concurrent marriages as you want?
That may not be a completely far-fetched update of an old classic.
The percentage of Americans who find polygamy to be morally acceptable has more than doubled since 2001, according to new results of a Gallup survey tracking opinions on key moral issues since the early 2000s. In 2001, only 7 percent of Americans deemed polygamy morally acceptable. Now, 16 percent say they do not find it objectionable.
Is polygamy a serious contender for the next moral and constitutional marriage debate in the United States? Will the legalization of same-sex marriage actually open the door for plural marriage as some of its opponents have argued, or is there a limit to polygamy's seemingly meteoric rise in acceptability?
Polygamy is still far from popular but support for the practice is gathering quiet momentum and its moment could arrive sooner than anticipated. Writing for The New York Times last weekend, conservative columnist Ross Douthat predicted that polygamy could be legalized in the United States as soon as 2040, given the rate of change in its acceptance.
Brad Wilcox, director of the National Marriage Project (NMP) at the University of Virginia, more or less agrees with that prediction. In a phone interview, they told The Daily Beast that there is no way to predict when or if polygamy will become law but, if it does, it could happen within “the next 20 to 30 years.”
Although that may seem sudden, polygamists have managed to find moral support with surprising speed. Of all the issues tracked by Gallup—including items as diverse as abortion, gambling, stem cell research, and wearing fur—the shift in Americans' approval of polygamy over the past 15 years is most dramatic, matched only by a doubling of support for human cloning over the same period.
Same-sex relationships, divorce, and extramarital sex have all enjoyed considerable increases in public support since the early 2000s but polygamy has been something of a dark horse, finally crossing the threshold from being a fringe issue to becoming a practice that more than one in seven Americans could condone.
Even more surprising: Americans are now far more accepting of polygamous marriages than they are of extramarital affairs in monogamous marriages—proof, perhaps, that quality really does matter more than quantity.
But what's behind this spike in polygamy's popularity? It's easy to point to television shows like Sister Wives and Big Love—as Douthat does in their Times op-ed—as evidence that polygamy has received the voyeuristic blessing of American pop culture. And it's even easier, as a self-professed “slippery sloper” like Douthat also proves, to position polygamy as the logical endpoint of LGBT acceptance.
In their column, Douthat writes, “Can a cultural left that believes in proliferating gender identities and [Caitlyn] Jenner's essential womanhood draw the line, long-term … [at polygamy]?”
But the social forces behind polygamy's rise from obscurity run deeper than HBO and they exceed the logic of LGBT advocacy. In the United States, polygamy exists at a curious intersection of social libertarianism, religious fundamentalism, and radical polyamory—strange bedfellows in every sense of the term.
For their part, Brad Wilcox of the NMP attributes polygamy's increasing popularity to “an increasingly libertarian or laissez-faire view that many younger Americans take toward sex, marriage, and family life.” In other words, support for polygamy may not be the bottom of a slippery same-sex marriage slope but rather a shared outcome of changing beliefs about the government's role in family building.
Some far-right commentators—like Daniel Greenfield at Frontpage Mag—are already heralding the Gallup survey as a sign of “collapsing values,” but polygamy seems to be as much a product of a distinctly conservative belief in limited government as it is the result of social liberalism run amok.
Yet even though support for polygamy might be increasing in several ideological corners of the United States, it will be difficult for its practitioners to curry the favor of the majority.
Rough estimates place the polygamous population in the U.S. somewhere between 50,000 and 100,000 people, chiefly in Muslim and fundamentalist Mormon families. Basic moral acceptance from 15 percent of Americans does not necessarily translate into political advocacy for an extremely small population that already exists on the religious margins of the U.S.
Studies have also shown that polygamy may be detrimental to women and children as well as lower-status men who are ostracized by its practice. The vast majority of polygamous families in the United States and worldwide are polygynous (men with more than one wife) rather than polyandrous (women with more than one husband).
In the context of these polygynous arrangements, polygamy has been linked to everything from domestic violence to heart disease to crime to mental health problems for young children—and all this in addition to high-profile cases of rape and child sexual abuse that have emerged from the Fundamentalist Latter-Day Saint (FLDS) community in recent years.
This leads experts like Wilcox to conclude that polygamy is “a step in the wrong direction,” as they wrote for The New York Times, one that conflicts with a commitment to “women's rights [and] child well-being.”
On paper, then, it might be difficult to raise a constitutional objection to polygamy—Justice Scalia suggested as much during the April hearings for Obergefell v. Hodges—but in practice, polygamy is associated with a host of social problems that would weigh it down in any bid for legitimacy.
Two years ago in Brown v. Buhman, the Supreme Court may have ruled in favor of allowing multiple cohabitation but the legalization of plural marriage, if it ever comes, will be hard-fought.
But that won't stop it from becoming a bizarre cause célèbre in the coming decades. Some feminists, like Jillian Keenan writing for Slate, have tried to make a case for polygamy under the guise of a woman's right to choose their spouse(s). Keenan also supports polygamy as an option for the polyamorous, an emerging term favored by social liberals used to refer to people in relationships with multiple partners who may not necessarily be of the same gender.
Pro-polygamy op-eds also appear with surprisingly regularity on outlets as varied as CNN, Vice, and The Economist. These pieces become momentary flashpoints of online discussion but never gather steam beyond that. And, of course, Biblical conservatives, libertarians, and fundamentalists continue to make their own cause for polygamy as an Old Testament practice, a civil liberty, and a matter of religious freedom, respectively.
Whereas same-sex marriage supporters managed to build a broad coalition around a relatively small percentage of the U.S. population, proponents of polygamy face a scattered field of sexual radicals, conservatives, and columnists looking for a counterintuitive argument.
But stranger coalitions have found success in the past. Given the Gallup data, too, it's possible that polygamy could be legalized if acceptance continues to increase at its current pace in spite of social concerns. For now, however, polygamy faces obstacles more numerous than the Sister Wives' children.
Fight Night Announcement
We're pleased to announce we're teaming up with HEX Primal once again to bring you another tournament series, Fight Night HEX!
Fight Night HEX (FNX) is a Standard Rock tournament which will take place 4 times a week on two different days. Rock is a constructed format where only commons and uncommons are used. No rares or Legendaries are allowed. You can still use any gems and champions from the Standard format.
The first day we will offer FNX is Friday. Starting November 3rd, Fight Night will happen every Friday at 11:00 AM Pacific and 6:00 PM Pacific. In addition to this static day, there's a rotating day for Fight Night. This rotating day will change monthly to support different schedules and availabilities. Starting November 1st, that flex day will be Wednesday. In December, that flex day will be Thursday. As before, those times will be at 11:00 AM Pacific and 6:00 PM Pacific.
You'll be able to find this tournament in the Battlegrounds under the “Special” Tab.
The tournament format will be as follows:
Format: Standard Rock
Cost: 3000 GOLD
Pairings: 3 Rounds – Swiss
Rewards:
1 Win: Random Standard Rare
2 Wins: 1x Most Recent Set Pack
3 Wins: 2x Most Recent Set Pack
We think this will be a great entry point for anyone, no matter their experience, to try out HEX constructed. You can visit www.hexprimal.com/rock for more information, and we will see you in the battlegrounds November 1st!
Got any questions? Want to chat with other players? Then discuss this article in our Forums! You can also follow us on Twitter, Facebook, our YouTube channel, or enjoy regular streams on our official Twitch channel.
\Let us walk through the problem with protectionist import tariffs. But if you don't have time for the snark, it goes as follows: raising tariffs on imported goods simply passes along that tariff to the consumer, while not providing the expected financial stimulus to domestic producers of those goods. Particularly in today's regulatory system, which largely considers industry to be an annoying, yet barely useful, irritation. See here (via here) for what happened when President Obama tried to goose the domestic tire industry with a strong import tariff…
But that's kind of boring when I put it that way, so let me be a little more lively:
You have a product. Let's call it tires. America makes tires. Yay! But the People's Republic of China also makes tires. For less. Boo! You want Americans to buy American tires. Good idea! So you slap a 35% tariff on Chinese tires. The Chinese tires now cost more. Huzzah! And then the Magic American Tire Factories appear out of nowhere and make tires and good jobs…
…What? What do you mean, there is no such thing as a Magic American Tire Factory? Are you sure? You're sure. Well, all right. I guess that we'll just have to build up our tire manufacturing infrastructure, then… wait, why are you laughing? Yes, I know that there are tons of red tape, bureaucracy, taxes, seed money, environmental regulations, and general hatred of business coming out of the federal government these days. But the government wants more American tires, right?
Fine, I admit that all that tariff money is going to go right into the Treasury – and then will be prompting spent propping up entitlements for a little while longer. If we're lucky. So it's in the government's short-term interest to have higher tariff revenues. But at least you get more American tires sold, right? No? Ah, in this specific case the market simply adjusted itself and other foreign tire companies took up the burden of selling Americans cheap tires. So, obviously, the answer there is to put a tariff on ALL foreign tires!
Why are you laughing again? …Oh, right. We still don't have Magic American Tire Factories. It'll probably take months for them to ramp up production enough to meet demand …not months? Years? Sometimes close to a DECADE, if things aren't expedited? What do we do in the meantime?
We pay more for tires? Why am I paying more for tires? Yes, of course, if the American tire industry is already operating at something close to maximum capacity, raising the price of foreign tires won't magically make more American tires appear. In fact, it'll probably push up the price of domestic tires, given that the supply stays stable while demand kicks up a bit. Still, why should I pay more for tires? That tariff is the tire import companies' problem! .
…Because they'll just then pass along the import tariff to me? Can they do that? Look, I don't have time to read a book on all the problems with government forcing a product to be sold at a specific price. Can you sum it up? “FDR's meddling extended the Great Depression.” And “Nixon's meddling made stagflation worse.” Understood. And I guess that's why Smoot-Hawley was trending yesterday on Twitter for a bit during the debate, huh?
So it ends up that I have to pay 35% more for tires? …Yes, 35% and a bit, because of government. Fine. But what did I do to deserve to pay more for tires?
[pause]
Well, I wasn't the only person who voted for that idiot.
This has been a topic of debate in the Zelda fan base since 1998. We've written many editorials about it and even had it as a fairly recent Daily Debate topic when talking about Hyrule Warriors. As of today we now have an official stance from Nintendo, one that puts the entire debate to bed. Is Sheik a female? Is Sheik a male (through the power of magical transformation)? We now know. Bill Trinen, Nintendo's senior product marketing manager and the main guy we've seen publicly as the official translator for Shigeru Miyamoto in the United States, has given Nintendo's official stance.
“The definitive answer is that Sheik is a woman — simply Zelda in a different outfit.” — Bill Trinen
I am sure many who want to still believe in the Male theory will cite the usual arguments. Bill Trinen didn't make the game and doesn't run the Zelda series. Sheik is called a man by Princess Ruto. Sheik's official art and in-game appearance are masculine and different from Princess Zelda's body type. Eye colors are different. Manga has Sheik as a male. Whatever argument folks what to bring up… we now know the official stance from Nintendo, since Bill Trinen is a reputable representative for the company. I can't wait to see what you all have to say about this nugget of information.
Source: Polygon
What I learned from 882,479 Views
With a snake wearing a top hat
Heath Evans Blocked Unblock Follow Jan 29, 2017
It's an intriguing title isn't it, and I can assure you the experience was as bizarre as it sounds, but it shook up my thinking in a way I'm forever grateful for.
Many years ago I set a personal life goal to one day reach the front page of Reddit (a little odd, but we all have our dreams and I like my quirks).
My strategy was to post a piece of ‘content' every day, focusing on different subreddits, with no deeper desire than just to see what sticks and gain a better understanding of this fascinating world.
Many marketers love to quote the 1996 essay by Bill Gates entitled “Content Is King” and present this as the magic key that will help you unlock the golden goose of ‘virality.' (even writing that buzzword makes me want to smash the keyboard over my head.)
What, however, is so often lacking is that the strategy starts and finishes with the content. It doesn't actually consider the context with which it will be consumed, and assumes that sharing it via the owned and rented channels of the organisation will simply make the magic happen.
This is rarely the case and is this reason that so many organisations are investing heavily in developing deeper insights to inform their customer journeys, to understand how, where, when and why consumers are engaging with content, recognising that content (like life) rarely travels in such a perfectly linear path.
It is for this reason I was fascinated to get a better understanding of the unusual world of Reddit.
It was July 30, 3014, that I came across this amusing image and titled it in the only way the only way I knew how: “It's a snake wearing a top hat, need I say more.”
I posted it across 3 subreddits — Earth Porn, Funny and of course SnakesWithHats (it still makes me laugh that this is even a subreddit).
What followed blew my mind. It was the same exact piece of content, yet the response was completely different. In theory you would think the content was at its most relevant and contextual for the SnakesWithHats group, but this was not where it generated the most engagement.
Over the next 24 hours, the image amassed an insane 882,443 views as it took on a life of it's own, gathering hundreds of votes and comments on it's way to the front page of the Funny subreddit.
So what was different? Why would the same content generate such a different response?
The answer to this is simple. The content evolved! (sounds like a plot line out of a Stephen King novel doesn't it).
As reddit users began to engage with it, their comments became the content and morphed into a hilarious world of bad puns which took on a life of its own.
For those familiar with reddit you would realise that like other social networks, this increase in engagement, through comments and votes led to an increase in exposure and the snowball continued.
So what did I learn from this hissterical (pun intended) experience?
It's a big world out there. If you think you're fishing where the fish are by just dabbling around in Facebook and Instagram…think again. Just like fishing, why not have a few lines out of the back of the boat in case you land an absolute monster! The best fisherman know the best little fishing holes to target, but they also try something new every now and again to understand what's out there in the big blue sea. Be prepared. When I posted that photo I never dreamed it would be ‘the one'. Could I have capitalised on that traffic? Were there other opportunities that could have spawned from that moment? Of course there would have been, but I simply wasn't expecting it. So make sure you've thought about what you're going to do if you actually manage to land the big fish, because just like a boat, if you're not well prepared, the size of this monster will sink your platform and you may never see that fish again! Content, without context, is no longer king. Understanding your target audience and building content that considers the context with which they will engage with it is critical to its success. Marketers have access to deeper insights than ever before, so the ability to deliver contextually relevant content that addresses desires and alleviates pain-points in the moment of need can be so much more powerful than a high-production brand video. So many brands are trying to replicate the story-telling techniques of brands like Red Bull, but are missing the core fundamental role of content to actually add value to the lives of their consumers. Who's influencing the influencers? There are few hotter topics at the moment that the influence of influencers. With the decentralisation of media channels and complete demise of organic reach, the rise of insta-celebs etc has seen brands engaging influencers to promote their products in the hope of renting their credibility and relevance to regain access to the eyeballs of consumers through their newsfeeds. For me this raises an interesting question…who's influencing the influencers? When considering your customer journey this is an interesting next level to explore. Websites such as Reddit are a fertile ground for the latest trends and are used by many as an easy watering hole to grab fresh daily content. It's worth considering..could they be grabbing your content? Be targeted: If you're in the business of creating hats for snakes I expect a cheque in the mail for sharing this gold with you. It seems so ridiculous that there's a group for this, but it's reflective of a modern digital environment where people are willing to self-identify to help build niche communities, knowing that aligning with people, pages, groups that share their interests will help deliver experiences that are likely to resonate with them. So find these groups, understand their pain-points, and see how you can add value to their lives.
As social networks (eg. Facebook) continue to serve the role of aggregator and moderator, to deliver a newfeed that is most relevant to the user, brands need to evolve their marketing strategies beyond a simple advertising mindset.
Producing ‘quality' content and throwing an advertising budget behind it simply won't cut it as more millennials continue to cut ads out of their lives. In a 2016 KPMG study, 60% of 16- to 24-year-olds were planning to implement ad blockers in the next six months.
So what's the answer? It's the same as it's always been. Before you start building a product, a campaign, a business, a video, or anything else…consider…how is this going to add value to the lives of my target consumer? How am I going to make sure they can experience it when the time is right for them? This consumer-centric mindset is so often forgotten as brands become infatuated with their own ‘awesome' content, but by starting with consumers at the core of your strategy it will provide a stark and critical reminder that ultimately it is consumers, not content, that are king!
Photo by Jovana Rikalo via Stocksy
For a political party that's long toted an "Adoption, Not Abortion" mantra, a couple of changes in the GOP's newly released tax reform plan may actually discourage families from adopting.
Under the current law, families who adopt qualify for a one-time adoption tax credit of up to $13,570 per eligible child, which can be applied over the course of five years. These credits are available to families pursuing private, domestic adoptions, international adoptions, and adoptions through foster care—all of which can be pretty costly. (Private adoptions range from $5,000 to $40,000, while intercountry adoptions generally start around $15,000.)
Republicans, however, want to eliminate that tax credit altogether. "If passed," writes John Kelly in an explainer for The Chronicle of Social Change, "it will be harder and more expensive for American families to adopt. For the children in the United States waiting to be adopted and brought into a loving home – the current proposal as it stands will make that much tougher to do."
According to the Adoption Tax Credit Working Group, 73,951 families have taken advantage of the tax credit. Jedd Medefind, president of the Christian Alliance for Orphans, told the Washington Post they expect that there will be fewer adoptions if families can't access this tax benefit.
Shilpa Phadke is the senior director of the Women's Initiative at the Center for American Progress. They tell Broadly that the tax cut legislation is "really a ticking time bomb for the middle class and families that are struggling" and that passing this bill as is would make it harder for families to consider adoption.
"When we talk about the party that's pro-life," they say, "it seems to be incredibly hypocritical to be ... repealing something like the adoption tax credit. What is this going to mean for families on the ground? I think it's a punch to middle-class families. At the end of the day, it's going to be more expensive to adopt kids."
"To suggest that women should carry those babies to term and then give them up for adoption, as if there's no impact or costs for women—it really gets in the way of choices that a woman should be able to make freely between them and their doctor."
What makes the proposed adoption tax credit cut even more frustrating for women's rights advocates is the fact that political and religious conservatives have repeatedly suggested women who wish to terminate instead turn to adoption as a means of dealing with an unwanted pregnancy. This, coupled with repeated attacks on reproductive rights—just earlier this week, House Republicans held a hearing on a bill that would ban abortion at six weeks—leaves many advocates to wonder what options are available for women who get pregnant and don't want to be a mother.
Lawmakers "get in the way of women's bodily autonomy at every chance they get," Phadke says. "To suggest that women should carry those babies to term and then give them up for adoption, as if there's no impact or costs for women—it really gets in the way of choices that a woman should be able to make freely between them and their doctor."
"If Congress really wanted to help families," Phadke continues, "they would reject these policies and support more investment in families and education and not cut some basic living standards, like health care and food and housing. That doesn't seem pro-family to me."
For More News Like This, Sign Up for Our Newsletter
On a related note, Phadke points out, the GOP tax plan does include language about "unborn" children. The provision clarifies that a "child in utero" may be "treated as a designated beneficiary or an individual under section 529 plans," which are tax-savings plans designed for saving up for college. "It's insane that [this language] found its way into the tax bill," they say. "The question I would have for the Trump administration and for the anti-women members in Congress is, does that mean families can claim those unborn children as dependents and reduce their tax burden? I think the answer is no, but I'd be curious."
Hey everybody, I was a bit under the weather yesterday so I apologize for the late blog post, but we are back up and rolling! This week we had an image submitted by @Lowg and it's safe to say that everyone loved it. The edits, again, were beyond my belief. I always come into this challenge thinking my edit is the best possible edit, but I at the end of the week I always feel like I could have done so much more.
The level of engagement we had this week was an increased as well. I like to mention this because I want to remind people that the RPC isn't a talent show, I'm not asking for people to post their image and then disappear, but to post their image and either grow or help others grow. One thing that I thought was super cool was that a member on Reddit posted their post processing flow. They did this by screen-shooting the toolbar on the right-hand side. This is a great idea and I hope the rest of us implement it moving forward, here's an example (thanks again stick's).
Bucharest has the second largest central heating system in the world
Bucharest's thermal energy distributor RADET is the second largest central heating system in the world after the one in Moscow, said yesterday Gheorghe Piperea, founding partner of Piperea si Asociații, the judicial administrator of RADET, reports local Agerpres.
RADET supplies heat to over 563,000 apartments, 8,500 apartment blocks, and more than 1.2 million people, the lawyer said.
Piperea explained that RADET, similar to other public companies, is like a bottomless bag of money. No matter how much money you pour in, it doesn't get you anywhere unless you stitch it up. They added that the Bucharest City Hall pays 15% of its budget every year for the heating subsidy.
The City Hall wants to attract EUR 200 million from the European Union to restore a part of the heating system, Piperea said. However, it takes more money to fully refurbish RADET's infrastructure.
They also said that RADET will merge with the energy producer Electrocentrale Bucuresti (Elcen), which provides the heat and hot water distributed in Bucharest. The shares of the Energy Ministry in the new company will be transferred to the Bucharest City Hall.
In October 2016, the court approved the insolvency request of ELCEN. RADET also filed for insolvency in September last year. RADET had large debts to ELCEN, which couldn't pay its suppliers, the most important of which was gas producer Romgaz, also controlled by the state.
editor@romania-insider.com
Building a Redis clone in Haskell
In this post, we will attempt to make a simplified clone of Redis in Haskell. Here is a set of requirements that we will aim to fullfill:
get and set operations
and operations Multi-threaded
Atomic
Redis compatible (implement the Redis protocol)
We should be able to use the redis-cli tool to connect to our server and issue commands to it.
We are going to omit many features that Redis has. For example, there will be no disk persistence. We will accomplish this with about 100 lines of Haskell.
Getting started: stack We are going to use stack to build our project. Stack is a new build tool for Haskell projects. We can also use it to create all the necessary files that make up a Haskell project. You can find the installation instructions here. Let's create our project. We will call our server Redish. $ stack new Redish simple This will create a directory Redish/ with a few files in it. Redish/ LICENSE README.md Redish.cabal Setup.hs src/ Main.hs stack.yaml You can use stack to build this project and run it: $ stack build Redish-0.1.0.0: configure Configuring Redish-0.1.0.0... Redish-0.1.0.0: build Preprocessing executable 'Redish' for Redish-0.1.0.0... [1 of 1] Compiling Main ( src/Main.hs, .stack-work/dist/x86_64-osx/Cabal-1.22.4.0/build/Redish/Redish-tmp/Main.o ) Linking .stack-work/dist/x86_64-osx/Cabal-1.22.4.0/build/Redish/Redish ... Reidhs-0.1.0.0: install Installing executable(s) in /Users/<user>/<dirs>/Redish/.stack-work/install/x86_64-osx/lts-3.2/7.10.2/bin $ stack exec Redish hello world
Types Let's start by defining our types. Redish is an in-memory database so we will need a representation of our database. For a simple key-value store, all that we need is a simple map. Let's create a few aliases. type Value = ByteString type Key = ByteString type DB = Map Key Value Next, we will need to represent the commands that our server knows how to handle. The command data structure can be a get , a set or unknown. data Command = Get Key | Set Key Value | Unknown deriving ( Eq , Show )
Software transactional memory Now that we have our types in places, we need to write a few functions to operate on them. We need a way to insert data and to query our database. First things first though. Since by default everything in Haskell is immutable, how can we change the value of our in-memory database? We can't simply overwrite the old value with the new one. The compiler won't let us. The answer is software transactional memory, or STM for short. STM allows us to atomically change a value in our program. The atomic part is important. Many parts of the code can update this value and we have no way of knowing when and how often they might do so. STM allows us to perform atomic updates. This way any updates to our database will be run sequence even when coming from different threads. The only cost is that we have to perform any updates within the context of IO . Our DB type will be become TVar DB . The TVar type represents the mutable reference. Next, let's create the initial value in the main function: main :: IO () main = do database <- atomically $ newTVar $ fromList [( "__version__" , "0.1.0" )] This will create a Map with a key of __version__ which has the value 0.1.0 . Then, it wraps that Map in a TVar and atomically assigns it to the database variable. Each time we want to write or read the database value, we have to use IO . Let's create a helper for atomically reading this value: atomRead :: TVar a -> IO a atomRead = atomically . readTVar And let's make a function to update a value in the database. This takes a function that does the updating and runs it through the STM machinery. updateValue :: ( DB -> DB ) -> TVar DB -> IO () updateValue fn x = atomically $ modifyTVar x fn
Reply parsing Next, let's talk about the Redis protocol. It's a simple TCP scheme that looks like this: *2\r
$3\r
get\r
$4\r
name It's a bunch of keywords and arguments separated by newlines. If we clean it up and break each thing to its own line, we get: *2 $3 get $4 name Let's look at each line. *2 says to expect a command that has two arguments. $3 says that the first argument is three characters long. get is the three-character argument from above. $4 is the length of the second argument, and name is the value of the second argument. If you're in the REPL provided by redis-cli , and you type get name , Redis will translate those two words into the above representation. A set command would look like this: *3 $3 set $4 name $5 honza This is what will be sent when you run set name honza . This multi-argument message is called multibulk in the Redis documentation. There are two other data types that Redis uses that will interest us: the OK and the error. When Redis needs to tell you that it accepted request and everything went smoothly, it simply responds with +OK . When Redis needs to indicate an error, it replies with -ERR something went wrong (where “something went wrong” is the message). This format is very simple and actually very effective. When we listen on a socket for incoming messages, we have a look at the very first character. + tells us that it's OK, - signals and error, and * tells us to keep reading for commands. We incrementally read from the socket only as much data as the protocol tells us. In this section, we will write a parser for multibulk messages. We will use the amazing attoparsec library for this. The following code is heavily influenced by the Hedis library. Credit goes to Falko Peters. Thanks! A multibulk message is called a reply in Redis lingo. Let's make a type for it. data Reply = Bulk ( Maybe ByteString ) | MultiBulk ( Maybe [ Reply ]) deriving ( Eq , Show ) A Bulk reply is a simple string like get or name above. MultiBulk is the whole message. Let's also write a function that attempts to convert a Reply to a Command . parseReply :: Reply -> Maybe Command parseReply ( MultiBulk ( Just xs )) = case xs of [ Bulk ( Just "get" ), Bulk ( Just a )] -> Just $ Get a [ Bulk ( Just "set" ), Bulk ( Just a ), Bulk ( Just b )] -> Just $ Set a b _ -> Just Unknown parseReply _ = Nothing Next, let's use attoparsec to write a parser for the Reply data type. replyParser :: Parser Reply replyParser = choice [ bulk , multiBulk ] Our replyParser will try to match either a bulk or a multiBulk . Let's implement those: bulk :: Parser Reply bulk = Bulk <$> do len <- char '$' *> signed decimal <* endOfLine if len < 0 then return Nothing else Just <$> take len <* endOfLine multiBulk :: Parser Reply multiBulk = MultiBulk <$> do len <- char '*' *> signed decimal <* endOfLine if len < 0 then return Nothing else Just <$> count len replyParser First, the parsers look at the first character to see what kind of message it is. If it starts with a $ , it's a bulk. If it starts with a * , it's multibulk. Then, it reads as many characters from the input as the length indicator said. In the case of multibulk, it recurses because it can contain bulk messages. You can now run: > parse replyParser "*2 \r
$3 \r
get \r
$4 \r
name \r
" > ( MultiBulk ( Just [( Bulk ( Just "get" )), ( Bulk ( Just "name" ))]))
Networking At this point, we have our data structures ready and we know how to parse incoming requests into them. Now we need to work on the networking part. Let's teach our program how to listen on a socket and parse incoming text into something useful. Let's change our main function to this: main :: IO () main = withSocketsDo $ do database <- atomically $ newTVar $ fromList [( "__version__" , version )] sock <- listenOn $ PortNumber 7777 putStrLn "Listening on localhost 7777" sockHandler sock database This is pretty straight-forward. Ask for a socket and then listen on it. When something happens on the socket, run the function socketHandler . Let's implement that next: sockHandler :: Socket -> TVar DB -> IO () sockHandler sock db = do ( handle , _ , _ ) <- accept sock hSetBuffering handle NoBuffering hSetBinaryMode handle True _ <- forkIO $ commandProcessor handle db sockHandler sock db Given a socket and a reference to a mutable database, we can get a handle and start processing requests. For each new connection, run forkIO which will do all this work of parsing and responding on a new lightweight thread. At the end, we simply recurse to accept new work. The commandProcessor function does the heavy lifting here, so let's write that next. commandProcessor :: Handle -> TVar DB -> IO () commandProcessor handle db = do reply <- hGetReplies handle replyParser let command = parseReply reply runCommand handle command db commandProcessor handle db This function runs the replyParser we wrote earlier. It uses a very clever function called hGetReplies which we will look at in a minute. It will read as much data as necessary from the handle to get an instance of Reply . We then convert that reply to a command and run it. hGetReplies :: Handle -> Parser a -> IO a hGetReplies h parser = go S . empty where go rest = do parseResult <- parseWith readMore parser rest case parseResult of Fail _ _ s -> error s Partial {} -> error "error: partial" Done _ r -> return r readMore = S . hGetSome h ( 4 * 1024 ) The parseWith function does partial matching. When it can't parse anything, it will use the readMore function to get more data and try again. The readMore function uses the handle to read more data. Once the parser can match something, we are done.
Running commands Once we have a command, we can run it! runCommand :: Handle -> Maybe Command -> TVar DB -> IO () runCommand handle ( Just ( Get key )) db = do m <- atomRead db let value = getValue m key S . hPutStr handle $ S . concat [ "$" , valLength value , crlf , value , crlf ] where valLength :: Value -> ByteString valLength = pack . show . S . length runCommand handle ( Just ( Set key value )) db = do updateValue ( insert key value ) db S . hPutStr handle ok runCommand handle ( Just Unknown ) _ = S . hPutStr handle $ S . concat [ "- ERR " , "unknown command" , crlf ] runCommand _ Nothing _ = return () When the command is a get , we read the DB atom. Then we construct a bulk reply and write it to the handle. The bulk reply is in the same format as our messages above: $5\r
honza\r
. The getValue function is a lookup function that returns “null” if a value can't be found. getValue :: DB -> Key -> Value getValue db k = findWithDefault "null" k db When the command is a set , we use our updateValue function from above and write the ok to the handle. The ok variable is just +OK\r
. When the command is unknown, we write an error to the handle.
Compiling and running You can now build your program with $ stack build And run it with $ stack exec Redish Listening on localhost 7777 To test it out, you can connect to it with the redis-cli tool: $ redis-cli -p 7777 127.0.0.1:7777> set name honza OK 127.0.0.1:7777> get name "honza" You can test the performance with something silly, like: $ time redis-cli -r 10000 get name
Share. Under the sea and above the stars in the longest hands-on with the epic universe explorer yet. Under the sea and above the stars in the longest hands-on with the epic universe explorer yet.
Suzy Wallace is acting pretty casually, considering that she's about to show me the way to the center of the universe. She's the Senior Producer on No Man's Sky, and after the past year's-worth of vague allusions to what might lie at the heart of its galactic tangle, their offer sounds too good to be true; as if men with dark suits and darker glasses will bust in any moment to keep them from spilling the beans. The truth is out there, and all of that.
But the truth will have to wait a while longer it seems. At their prompting, I press a button to bring up the galactic map - a nigh-incomprehensible menagerie of brightly colored solar systems. It is completely overwhelming. Another button press makes things considerably clearer, though. A yellow line connects the cosmic dots, outlining a path from solar system to solar system. I follow it with my eyes for a few seconds, until it lazily spirals out into the darkness of space.
Exit Theatre Mode
“Think of it like a galactic GPS,” Suzy tells me. They point to a yellow star. “This is where you are, and that,” they say as they gesture towards where the line fades, “is where you're headed.” I drag my cursor to the next dot over from the one I'm currently in, and a “hyperdrive required” message appears. I ask them if I can get to that next system in this demo build, but they seem unsure. I secretly made it my goal to find out.
Here's what I did, and what I learned over the course of the next two hours with No Man's Sky.
The Search For Silicates
The big question on many people's minds, the one left unanswered by virtually every trailer and even the recent round of first hands-on impressions, is this: Exactly what kind of video game lies behind No Man's Sky's seemingly impenetrable veneer of procedural sci-fi exploration porn? I've read most of these previews, and while they shed some light, they stop short of filing the experience of playing No Man's Sky down to a point. Perhaps it's foolish to even try, given how many different things it does, and the grand scale on which it's trying to do them, but here's my attempt:
No Man's Sky is a survival game.
“ Exactly what kind of video game lies behind No Man's Sky's seemingly impenetrable veneer of procedural sci-fi exploration porn?
Yes, you can shoot stuff. You can prospect and raid for fun and profit, or make your money exploring and surveying the vast expanses of space. But survival elements like resource gathering, resource management, and crafting are the constants that bind everything together.
If you want to shoot things, you'll need ammo, and it doesn't come in little boxes or clips that drop off enemies. You need to harvest an element that can pass as an energy source and make it yourself. And when the things you shoot invariably start shooting back, taking hunks out of your protective energy shield, it isn't going to magically regenerate; it's powered by processing the silicates found in much of the space flotsam you see lying around on a planet's surface. Finally, if you want to go jet-setting from celestial body to celestial body, you'll need a hyperdrive made from components that don't exactly grow on trees. You'll be braving harsh environments or fighting dangerous foes to get them; either way you're burning through precious resources in the process, and they'll need to be replenished.
Exit Theatre Mode
This perpetual need for resources drives the minute-to-minute of No Man's Sky more than any other element. You start to learn unspoken rules about where you'll find what. Planets of a certain biome type, or distance from its sun will be more likely to have this element or that one, so you trek from one planet to another, mining asteroids along the way. The trip might be longer than you think. Even in this compressed demo star system, my nav computer estimated my travel time from my starting planet to another planet in the same system to be 30 minutes at impulse speed, or 5 minutes at maximum boost. Using an in-system jump engine, I could be there in seconds, but that's if one is installed, and if you have the fuel to engage it. Thankfully the demo provided both, but ordinarily, that would be one more item added to the shopping list.
Under the Sea
With the icy plains of Balari V (where most of our March preview took place) far in my rearview, I land on the lush, temperate planet of Cavil, which thankfully isn't immediately hostile to my fragile, fleshy form. Without having to worry about a harsh climate, I'd be able to explore more freely on my hunt for the two components I needed to build a hyperdrive and take one step closer to the center of the universe. A quick pulse of my scanners revealed traces of silicon, carbon, and plutonium over the next hill – not the stuff I'm looking for, but as good a place as any to start.
“ From the hill's peak, I look down into a verdant valley filled with grazing animals of all sizes, most of which defy description. It's a Jurassic Park moment.
From the hill's peak I look down into a verdant valley filled with grazing animals of all sizes, most of which defy description. It's a Jurassic Park moment. A small flock of leather-winged creatures fly overhead, casting a shadow on a group of human-sized six-legged lizards. Not far from them, a pair of beasts that look mildly triceratops-like plod forth, indifferent to everything around them. Holding the L2 button, I begin hastily scanning them one by one. Each of these critters was a new discovery, so if this had been the full game, I'd be able to register my new lizard buddies, name them, and make a few credits in the process.
For now though, I'll settle for glancing at all the flora and fauna I've catalogued in my discovery journal, which I'm sure will give any Pokédex a run for its money in no time at all. I ping my sensors again to see if I can pinpoint some of the resources I detected earlier. The bundle of blips that pop up on my hud are color-coded to indicate what kind of resources they're leading me to, a luxury of the particular scanning suite I have installed on my weapon. I follow them to some jettisoned supply containers and space debris at the far end of the valley, where I start picking through them.
One of the larger ones yields something perhaps more valuable than raw materials: a blueprint for a new tech upgrade. This one is a suit attachment that increases my oxygen capacity when exploring underwater. At this point I think back to when I first entered the planet's atmosphere, recalling that large swathes of it were covered with blue oceans. Maybe the components that had eluded me on the surface would be found below it? I shifted focus to scrounging up the materials to build my new toy, and once I had, I headed straight for the nearest body of water I could find.
Exit Theatre Mode
As I approached shore, I noticed for the first time that as I hovered my reticule over trees and crystal deposits, an indicator would come up on my HUD to indicate what kind of resources could be harvested from it. Unsurprisingly, trees were rich in carbon, which I had precious little of, so I switched my weapon from its boltcaster to its mining attachment and began to slowly break the tree down like the tree-hating industrialist I am.
“ I switched my weapon from its boltcaster to its mining attachment and began to slowly break the tree down like the nature-hating industrialist I am.
My transgression against nature did not go unnoticed however. A planet-monitoring Sentinel robot floats over – it's roughly the size of a basketball – giving me a sideways glance with its cold-looking metallic eye. It doesn't open fire, it just wants me to know that it sees me, and it is not happy with the choices I've made. I'm not interested in a fight (yet) so I quit making like George Washington with the cherry tree and move along. Besides, I've got an ocean to explore.
And what an ocean it was. Teeming with exotic creatures and plants that looked like nothing if not alien, I was at a loss to even choose where to begin. I dove as deep as I could and just picked a direction, scanning every other-worldly fish I could along the way. Eventually I happened upon a yellow crystal deposit that looked quite unlike any I had seen up on the surface. I mined it out and as luck would have it, it was one of the two minerals I needed to build my hyperdrive. I was halfway there!
My elation was short-lived, though. I had suddenly started taking damage, and a quick glance upwards revealed two Sentinels hovering above sea level while taking pot-shots at me. In a panic, I swam back the way I had come and just hoped they'd stop pursuing me. One of them did, but the other followed me all the way back to shore, where I had no choice but to defend myself.
The investigation, still in the planning stages, would be a broad examination ranging beyond the specific case of Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan, the Army psychiatrist accused in the 13 Fort Hood killings, officials said.
The inquiry, they said, could look at personnel policies and the availability of mental health services for troubled personnel.
Defense Secretary Robert Gates wants a unified probe that goes beyond the Army but has not decided how far-reaching the inquiry should be or who should lead it, Pentagon press secretary Geoff Morrell said Tuesday.
"There are issues that need to be looked at department-wide, and the focus at this point is trying to figure out some of these questions," Morrell said.
The Army's second in command said that officials feared more people like Hasan may be undetected inside the armed forces.
"I think we always have to be concerned about that," Army Vice Chief of Staff Peter Chiarelli said as they outlined separate efforts to curb rising suicide rates in the Army. The service has been the combat force most affected by the stress of fighting two wars simultaneously.
The Army has been preparing for its own examination of what went wrong in the Hasan case and ways to prevent a similar attack. That probe could stand alone or be part of a larger inquiry.
Hasan apparently slipped through cracks in the Army's personnel and mental health systems, keeping their job and readying for overseas deployment to Afghanistan even though aspects of their behavior and statements had alarmed co-workers and others.
The launch of the first Dalit venture capital fund was a red-letter day for Dalit entrepreneurs. But can the rise of a handful of Dalit billionaires empower a historically oppressed and exploited community? Dalit intellectual and writerbelieves it can. Defending the market as a liberating force, they tellsthat despite its drawbacks, capitalism , not quotas, is the way to go.Black capitalism has brought visibility with recognition to the Blacks. If you compare their situation today with their immediate past, there is a landmark change. In absolute terms of course they remain unequal to the Whites. In India, capitalism is e m a n c i p at o r y because in capitalism , nothing i s f i xe d by b i r t h . T h e only permanent thing is competition and a Dalit has the opportunity to move ahead through competition. In the caste order, you cannot buy Brahmin status. In capitalism, you can buy a Mercedes and hire a Brahmin driver. That's the difference capitalism is making.Capitalism may have class-based problems but these are radically different from caste-based problems. A caste-based system is a system of humiliation. In capitalism , there is poverty of course but that is universal to everyone regardless of their birth. Anyone who is lazy, who doesn't want to compete, will face the problem of poverty but minus the humiliation.The Dalit Indian Chamber of Commerce and Industry (DICCI) has floated the fund to produce 100 Dalit billionaires. That will send a powerful message to Dalits that they can succeed. DICCI president Milind Kamble's philosophy is to fight caste with capital. There have been many movements historically to replace the caste system but we had nothing to replace it with. Now capitalism has come and material markers have replaced social markers . Dalits need to know that in this phase of history, only their work matters , not their birth. We do not see capitalism as merely a system of economic transaction. It is also a social order. The market doesn't care about social groups. It only recognizes i n d iv i d u a l s who have surp l u s e s i n their pockets . And that is good for Dalits because the market will not reject a Dalit simply because they are a Dalit.The market can be cruel too. It makes no allowances for those who are weak and vulnerable as most Dalits still are.There cannot be anything more liberating than the market if you compare market with caste. If somebody has faced the cruelty of caste, the cruelty of the market can be enjoyed in fact. In the old order, you worked without rewards. Now I can work hard and reap the benefits.In no society can all members become billionaires . We are saying that Dalit billionaires will lead the charge of emancipation. This is the beginning of a new era for Dalits , in which with very little education, they can be driving a BMW. Otherwise they will be doomed to compete for a few government jobs through reservations.I am not saying that we should abandon state benefits. A section of Dalits needs help from the government. But we are saying that this is no enough. In the US, the idea of Black capitalism and affirmative action came together. And capitalist welfarism is much better than socialist welfarism because a socialist state has no surplus to distribute where as a capitalist system does.It seems more like you are trying to prove something to the upper castes and upper classes.We want to send a message to all that Dalits are not only takers. They are also givers . It is important to change the image of Dalits and show that they can dream beyond a BPL card and reservations. Those who belong to the poverty school think they are losing Dalits if they see a Dalit capitalist. An ideal Dalit for them is one who is dark-skinned , bare chested, carrying a farm tool, sweating profusely under a hot sun, sweating profusely. It's a shock for them to see a Dalit walking into a boardroom.
Unfortunately, Moore's crimes don't stop at simply accepting the prurient debris from relationship calamities. The trial revealed that they hired (co-defendant) Charlie "Gary Jones" Evens to hack into women's email accounts with the aim of finding private images that could be shared. Evens was sentenced to two years in prison a few weeks back, and will similarly have to undergo three years of supervision.
Moore's sentence isn't the most severe that's been handed down for running a revenge porn operation, an honor that goes to Kevin Bollaert. The founder of ugotposted began an 18-year jail term earlier this year after allowing 10,000 images of women to be posted without their consent. In addition, Craig Brittain, the founder of IsAnybodyDown has been prevented from sharing photos of people without their permission in an order handed down by the FTC.
SNOTEL is an automated system of snowpack and related climate sensors operated by the Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS) of the United States Department of Agriculture in the Western United States.
There are over 730 SNOTEL (or snow telemetry) sites in 11 states, including Alaska. The sites are generally located in remote high-mountain watersheds where access is often difficult or restricted. Access for maintenance by the NRCS includes various modes from hiking and skiing to helicopters.[1]
All SNOTEL sites measure snow water content, accumulated precipitation, and air temperature. Some sites also measure snow depth, soil moisture and temperature, wind speed, solar radiation, humidity, and atmospheric pressure. These data are used to forecast yearly water supplies, predict floods, and for general climate research.
History [ edit ]
Installation of SNOTEL began in the mid-1960s. Its use in climate forecasting was not originally envisioned, but it has become the standard climate data for western U.S. locations which are elevated sufficiently to have at least a seasonal snowpack. Ongoing algorithm upgrades correct and backfill missing data, while improvements in communications improve the overall quality of data collection.[2]
Meteor burst technology [ edit ]
SNOTEL sites make use of meteor burst communications technology
SNOTEL uses meteor burst communications technology to collect and communicate data in near-real-time. VHF radio signals are reflected at a steep angle off the ever-present band of ionized meteors existing from about 50 to 75 miles (80 to 120 km) above the earth. Satellites are not involved; the NRCS operates and controls the entire system.[1]
Sites are designed to operate unattended and without maintenance for a year. They are battery powered with solar cell recharge. The condition of each site is monitored daily when it reports on 8 operational functions. Serious problems or deteriorating performance trigger a response from the NRCS electronics technicians located in six data collection offices.[1]
The SNOTEL sites are polled by 2 master stations operated by NRCS in Boise, Idaho, and Ogden, Utah. A central computer at the NRCS's National Water and Climate Center (NWCC) in Portland, Oregon controls system operations and receives the data collected by the SNOTEL network.[1]
System capabilities [ edit ]
The same SNOTEL site in Nevada. The large panel in the foreground is the snow pillow
Basic SNOTEL sites have a pressure sensing snow pillow, storage precipitation gauge, and air temperature sensor. However, they can accommodate 64 channels of data and will accept analog and parallel or serial digital sensors. On-site microprocessors provide functions such as computing daily maximum, minimum, and average temperature information. Generally, sensor data are recorded every 15 minutes and reported out in a daily poll of all sites. Special polls are conducted more frequently in response to specific needs.[1]
The new generation of remote sites, master stations, and central computer facilities allows for hourly interrogation of remote sites. The system has the ability to vary the configuration of a remote site by transmitting the appropriate commands telling the remote site what sensors to turn on or what parameters to send.[1]
A variety of calculations can be made on any sensor channel. For example, the user can select maximum, minimum, average, standard deviation, or circular averaging.[1]
Each sensor can be accessed independently at a specific interval. For example, wind speed may be sensed every minute during the day to arrive at an average, while the snow pillow may be accessed every 15 minutes for the accumulated total.[1]
System performance has increased over the years, mainly due to a better understanding of meteor burst communication characteristics and improved equipment. While a 95 percent response to a system-wide poll is the standard, over 99 percent is common.[1]
Data storage, management and accessibility [ edit ]
All data are received by the SNOTEL central computer, which in turn is linked to the Centralized Forecasting System (CFS) in the NWCC where data can be accessed. Once on the CFS, the data are in a relational database, where various analysis and graphics programs are available. Current and historical data and analyses are available by dialing into the CFS, by disk or tape media, paper copy, and on the Internet.[1]
A heated legal battle between Virginia officials and the Environmental Protection Agency over what EPA critics describe as a land takeover gets its day in federal court Friday.
The EPA, citing an abundance of stormwater runoff, has proposed a plan that Virginia officials say would cost them nearly half a billion dollars -- and could cost homeowners and businesses their private property.
The EPA contends that water itself can be regulated as a pollutant if there's too much of it. The agency says heavy runoff is having a negative impact on Accotink Creek and that it has the regulatory authority to remedy the situation.
Virginia Attorney General Ken Cuccinelli, a Republican, says what the EPA has proposed is "illegal," and he's not alone in the fight. He's been joined in a lawsuit against the federal agency by the Democratic-controlled Fairfax County Board of Supervisors.
Cuccinelli argues that what the EPA has planned would require state and county officials to "take people's houses, evict them, knock the houses down and plant grass."
In legal filings, the EPA says that its plan is "in harmony with the broader purposes" of the Clean Water Act, including "reducing the water quality impacts of stormwater."
"There is no possibility of homes being removed in this process," Simon Rosenberg, founder of the New Democrat Network, said. They called the claim by Cuccinelli an "overstatement."
Ultimately, Judge Liam O'Grady will make the determination as to whether Cuccinelli and the Fairfax supervisors get the injunction they're hoping will put an end to the EPA's plans.
Trump has been quite frank about their intentions: they favor deep tax cuts as well as higher spending for infrastructure and defense. This poses the risk of exacerbating budget deficits, unless the growth fostered by tax cuts and regulatory reform outstrips the cost of more spending with less revenue. This gamble, however, is not of character for Republican presidents. Even Ronald Reagan prioritised economic growth over balanced budgets.
Trade is one area where Trump's populism and conservatism come together in surprising ways. While the president has scrapped the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact with most of Asia (minus China), and the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership deal with Europe looks similarly doomed, new bilateral trade agreements may be in the offing, not least with the UK.
It must be borne in mind that multilateral “free trade” agreements in recent years have really been as much about environmental, labor, and other regulations as about trade. Free-market conservatism, no less than economic nationalism, provides good reason to look askance at many of these agreements.
It's in the broader realm of international relations, however, that Trump's method, if they have one, appears most unfathomable. Even before they were sworn in as president, Trump shocked diplomats by taking a call with the president of Taiwan.
They suggested to Prime Minister May that they should appoint Nigel Farage as ambassador to the US – a job that is not vacant and is not filled by a foreign leader's choice in any event. As president, Trump is said to have hung up on the prime minister of Australia mid-call – at least if leaks are to be believed – and may have mused or joked to the president of Mexico about sending US troops into their country.
In 1997, when Guy Fieri and three of their friends released hit single “Walkin' on the Sun,” they knew they'd finally made it. What they didn't know, however, was that they'd be beating anonymous Twitter eggs over the head with this fact for the rest of their lives. This is Smash Mouth's burden.
As soon as Shrek, which featured “All Star” heavily, came out in 2001, no one remembered Smash Mouth's earlier, less-commercial hits. All the teens and youths of Twitter knew was that this was the Shrek band with the Shrek song and the Shrek videos. Shrek has probably made Smash Mouth very, very rich.
And yet—that's not enough for Smash Mouth's Twitter account, where day in and day out it demands recognition for its other accomplishments.
Don't take my word for it. See for yourself.
@samprussell24 @NBA @warriors Oh we didn't have a #1 before Shrek was even thought of? Come on Sammy! — Smash Mouth (@smashmouth) June 13, 2016
@jacobdotexe News to us? We already had a #1 hit with "WalkinOnTheSun and "AllStar" was already Top10 before Shrek was released. — Smash Mouth (@smashmouth) April 4, 2015
@mwoods941 Already had a #1 Hit song(Walkin) and All Star was already Top10 on it's way to #1 before Shrek was even released. #IfFactsMatter — Smash Mouth (@smashmouth) July 17, 2015
@TheOGLilB Nope, We already had a #1 hit song on every chart in every Country and AllStar was already top10 on it's way to #1 before Shrek. — Smash Mouth (@smashmouth) July 29, 2015
@conceitedcoffee Yes and we released "All Star" in 1999. Already #1 on the charts before Shrek. — Smash Mouth (@smashmouth) January 28, 2016
@ThinkYouKnowMus It was already top10 on its way to #1 before Shrek even licensed it. — Smash Mouth (@smashmouth) July 29, 2015
@ThinkYouKnowMus It was released before the first Shrek movie too. — Smash Mouth (@smashmouth) July 29, 2015
@Lexi_Flo We don't since the song was already on it's way to #1 in every country in the world before the film was even finished. — Smash Mouth (@smashmouth) March 17, 2016
@ThisTedTalks We're actually a 6hit wonder with two #1's. — Smash Mouth (@smashmouth) August 16, 2015
@DivaaMcCurdy Love TheBig Green guy, just saying the song was heading to #1 with or without Donkey. — Smash Mouth (@smashmouth) August 14, 2015
@chibi355 @HOBDallas As long as your counting and have a selective memory, our stats: 8 Hits---5-originals 3-covers (2 #1's) — Smash Mouth (@smashmouth) July 26, 2015
@cushac If memory serves me correct there was original song in that film that went to #1 in every Country. Something about stars,....Hmmm — Smash Mouth (@smashmouth) June 26, 2015
@emmaretzer Yes we wrote a song that was already top10 when the studio licensed it for their film about a green ogre.thx! — Smash Mouth (@smashmouth) June 26, 2015
@EarlxGreat "One Of Their One Hit Wonders"? ha..... Two #1's,and 4 Top20. That's 6 Hit songs. I guess we're a 6hit wonder. Thanks J! — Smash Mouth (@smashmouth) June 26, 2015
Sometimes they yell about the fact that they had a single before Shrek came out. Sometimes they yell about the fact that they're not a one-hit wonder, but a six-hit wonder, a seven-hit wonder, and occasionally, an eight-hit wonder. How does Smash Mouth count hits? Incredibly loosely, it would seem. Because according to the US charts, they've racked up only three lonely hits.
Regardless, and in complete opposition to any facts or sense of integrity, Smash Mouth tweets on, into the void, perhaps forever.
Update 5:25 p.m.:
Shrek came out in 2001, not 1999 as was previously stated. Gawker is deeply embarrassed and regrets the error.
Industry chief responds after meeting NSW premier, saying they want to ‘continue our capacity to demonstrate change'
Mike Baird appears to have failed to ease the fears of the NSW greyhound industry with owners saying they will push ahead with legal action after a meeting with the premier and their deputy.
“Clearly the premier and deputy premier are maintaining a position and we have a position,” chief executive of the NSW Greyhound Breeders, Owners and Trainers Association (GBOTA), Brenton Scott said on Thursday.
“We're asking for a fair go to continue our capacity to demonstrate change.”
Race night at Wentworth Park: greyhound owners begin the long goodbye Read more
Scott described the meeting, which involved four industry stakeholders including the owner of the Dubbo Greyhound Racing Club in the state's central west, as productive.
“[Premier Baird] understands our position that we have had the Special Commission of Inquiry report for a short period of time and I believe it's fair to say that they are open to a response from the greyhound industry on the report,” they said.
However the GBOTA was “absolutely” still exploring its legal options to fight the ban, Scott confirmed.
Thursday's meeting is the first time breeders and trainers have met with the government since it last week announced plans to shut down the industry in an “orderly fashion” by July 2017.
Labor vows to repeal greyhound racing ban as backlash mounts Read more
The premier said they had no choice but to enforce the changes after a report by former high court judge Michael McHugh found up to 68,000 greyhounds deemed “uncompetitive” had been slaughtered in the past 12 years and nearly a fifth of trainers used live animal baits.
Baird held a press conference at a RSPCA animal shelter to say the government would not be backing down on the issue. They also took to social media to summarise the report into greyhound racing which triggered their decision and explain why they were shutting down greyhound racing,
Mike Baird (@mikebairdMP) I feel deep empathy for innocent participants & we will work to support them. But the report is clear and the right decision has been made.
Mike Baird (@mikebairdMP) Even if the industry could reform, “the outlook for participants is bleak”. (27.46)
The Labor party is opposed to the decision and will repeal a ban on greyhound racing if it wins government at the 2019 state election.
Baird cut an interstate holiday short to address the media, according to the ABC, amid growing tensions in their own party and the community over the decision.
To a Boston labor lawyer, the acquittal of four Teamsters accused of trying to strongarm the “Top Chef” television show was a just outcome.
“The very fact that the case was prosecuted was considered by many of us [labor lawyers] to be an abuse of process'' by former US Attorney Carmen Ortiz, who oversaw the investigation before leaving office this year, Ira Sills said.
The Teamsters, they said, might have been “a little bit aggressive,'' might have said things that the stars and production crew for the television show did not like, and might have been confrontational outside the Steel & Rye restaurant in Milton in 2014.
Advertisement
But, they said, what they did was always clearly legal under federal law to them and other labor lawyers. Sills said evidence during the trial showed the four men were trying to obtain jobs for members of Local 25, not to put cash into their own pockets.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
“The law protects labor union folks and their First Amendment rights to picket, and to say some things that people may not like, as in this case,'' Sills said. “But the statute really requires for them to be found guilty beyond a doubt . . . that the people accused were trying to extort money for their own gain.''
Sills suggested that their opposition to criminalizing the Teamsters action could be better understood by framing the circumstances differently.
“If the picketers were civil rights activists seeking more minority hiring and they were equally aggressive, one wonders whether Carmen Ortiz or the US attorney would have prosecuted them,'' they said. “I would suggest the answer to that is: I don't think so.”
Sills is an instructor in labor law at Northeastern University School of Law.
John R. Ellement can be reached at ellement@globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @JREbosglobe
TRENTON — Just hours after their beloved Green Bay Packers were victimized by a blown call, State Senate President Steve Sweeney announced that they want to block replacement referees from working professional football games in New Jersey.
In a statement issue this morning, Sweeney (D-Gloucester) said they plan to introduce legislation prohibiting the playing of professional sporting events with replacement officials, citing the potential for increased injury by inexperienced referees who cannot control a game.
“This past weekend in the NFL has not only made a mockery of a great sport, but shined a very bright light on how important fully trained and professional officiating is to player safety,” Sweeney said in a statement. “We wouldn't allow a factory or construction site to operate without fully trained supervisors on hand to ensure the safety of employees. Why should we do anything differently when the job site is a playing field?”
The push comes just hours after perhaps the biggest mishap of the season in the National Football League when referees apparently blew a call at the end of Monday's night's game that cost the Green Bay Packers the game. Sweeney is a Packers fan.
Sweeney said that the litany of missed calls or blatantly miscalled penalties over the first three weeks of the NFL season has proven the replacement officials do not have the ability to control a game in a highly physical sport where players get injured on routine plays even under the most well-trained of referees.
Sweeney said that replacement officials also lower the quality of play, devaluing the often large investments fans have made in tickets.
“Whether the sport is football, soccer or baseball, when referees don't know how to properly enforce the rules, there is a real chance for unnecessary and serious injury,” said Sweeney. “If the NFL insists on putting replacement officials on the field, putting players at risk, then the state shouldn't be playing a part in that.”
The NFL has been using replacement referees since the start of the season, most of who were coaching high school football games. The NFL and the regular referees are in a labor dispute.
The bad call caught the attention of GOP vice presidential candidate Paul Ryan, according to a report in The Hill.
“You guys watch that Packer game last night?” Ryan said at their Cincinnati, Ohio, town-hall meeting. “I mean give me a break. It's time to get the real refs, and it reminds me of President Obama and the economy. If you can't if you can't get it right, it's time to get out.”
They added, “I half think these refs worked part-time for the Obama administration in the budget office."
Follow @starledger
America's military isn't just bloated, it suffers from so many diseases they are countless. At the heart of the problem is a system based on a corrupt military culture. Many things can be blamed, certainly the Christian fundamentalism that rules the military, the hatred of education, inherent racism, political ignorance, extremism and “toadyism” are prominent.
For those who know real combat and real war, watching American units today makes our heads hurt. After Vietnam, combat veterans fled military service while the Pentagon embraced what they believed to be the new very highly paid “professional military.” The failure of Vietnam was blamed on those who fought. The military expunged all combat veterans at the end of the war, as it was explained to me by I Corps commander, General Herman Nickerson, who indicated they were willing to make an exception for me.
Today's military is built out of those who served in Vietnam's luxury real eschelon retreats, fine food, air conditioning, sexual deviance and cowardice, the building blocks of what Colonel David Hackworth called “the Perfumed Princes of the Pentagon.”
Background
Back during the early days of World War II, generalized corruption and typical “military culture” forced US Army Chief of Staff General Marshall to clean out the army, firing thousands of officers and promoting an obscure Lt. Colonel named Eisenhower to overall command in Europe. Today there is no General Marshall though General Dempsey began the task before being forced out along with Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel, themselves a Vietnam combat veteran.
War today is learned at school, taught to officers by other officers who read about war in books, saw it on television or who gained minutes or hours of combat experience during short lived staged theatrical “operations” or under the auspices of the phony War on Terror. Those who have done so have been proven useless, worthless, a danger to themselves and others, delusional in thought, fabricators of events, morally flexible war criminals who have been universally unrepentant. Am I being too harsh? I don't think so.
War today is driven by glamor, mercenaries and profit. When it isn't torture and drone assassination, it is special operations, where highly paid units following impossibly false intelligence generally either kill civilians or freedom fighters, now often as not, on behalf of terrorist operations of al Qaeda or ISIS.
Despite trillions spent and a bloated reserve of working weapons along with many, like the F35, that are useless “black hole” money-pits, America loses wars because it has no warrior spirit. By “losing wars” I am referring to Iraq 1, the “walk away” and the entirety of the fraudulent Bush-Blair phony war on terror.
The Forgotten Lesson of Vietnam
I fought in Vietnam, a war America won for a while after years of devastating casualties. Here is a key difference between Vietnam, the real war with real people, rather than the media version 50 years later, and the current debacles:
Those who went to Vietnam, initially at least, faced a draft. Those who fought in Vietnam were highly educated, compared to those in the military today. The key word here is “fought.” You see, the military trains and retains those who need institutional protections to live, who seek structure, subservience to authority and typically can't make it in the real world.
Today they run the Pentagon, the War Colleges and service academies.
Those who came into the military as two-year draftees or as reservists with two years active duty, and I was one of those, don't qualify for training programs and are, no matter qualifications, invariably assigned to combat roles.
For a 4 year enlistee with sub-normal intelligence, there was an equal chance of being assigned jobs of truck driver, cook, radar technician or intelligence analyst. As American humorist Jim W. Dean so often says, “You just can't make stuff like this up.”
Moreover, with Vietnam, only those in top physical condition, acclimatized for extreme physical stress in jungle conditions, could survive in Vietnam combat. The only place this could occur was in Vietnam with a line unit, as I learned myself. Top athletic condition meant nothing in the real world of daily combat with the Viet Cong or North Vietnamese Army, fighters that lived on a cup of rice a day who could go days without sleep.
The 200 pound 9000 calories a day American “Playstation army” type would drop dead rather quickly. You see, the high level of military corruption in the US kept food, supplies and even ammunition from troops, making Marine units, the “tip of the spear” in Vietnam, live off the land like the Viet Cong.
Real Leaders
There was a reason that worked, though Marines lost more killed and wounded in Vietnam than in World War II with casualty levels between 300-400% of levels from that war. Here was the trick, one learned from the Wehrmacht in World War II:
Because of conditioning requirements, only low level enlisted ranks, the ones with the education and high IQs, spent enough time in the field to be able to survive the heat and lack of food and water. When an officer or senior enlisted went into the field with line personnel, they would get sick quickly. Typical operations with ranking personnel stayed close to home bases with air conditioning and good food “for the few” or quickly turned back.
When reports were written of these failed missions, however, medals were given out by the bucket, to “the few,” wild stories of heroism and fictional confrontations with an enemy busy elsewhere.
The result was a lean military of self-sufficient troops who chose their own leaders, as the Germans did, operating in small units. These units were made of seasoned veterans and replacements, always a mix, where “on the job” training assured real world skills and not the saluting and “behind kissing” of America's service academies.
Eventually, as tens of thousands died and selling the war became impossible, America began drafting the incredibly unqualified which led to incidents like My Lai and a series of racially driven military mutinies which were never reported and are erased from the history books.
Commanding these units were officers from ROTC units from rural community colleges. The numbers relieved of command for having total meltdowns is one of the biggest secrets of the war, that and the number killed by their own men.
One more point about Vietnam, and this one is important. With educated draftees prominent in combat units, the political “bent” of these organizations wasn't just “liberal” but often not only socialist but highly sympathetic to the enemy. Educated soldiers knew America had violated the Geneva Accords and any idiot could see the corruption and evil of the Saigon government. The Vietnamese people hated them.
Culture of Failure
Let's move this on to today then. The military today is a trap. I was paid $200 a month in Vietnam as a Marine enlisted and later non-commissioned officer in a rifle squad that was part of a Special Landing Team, a “tip of the spear” unit. The pay was 20% of typical entry level civilian employment at the time.
Today, a non-commissioned officer serving in Afghanistan can be paid over $120,000 per year, 500% of the equivalent pay here in the US for the skill levels needed to protect narcotics production and delivery, which is the primary role America serves in Afghanistan as pretty much everyone knows.
The military uses this high pay, considerably higher than civilian pay, to recruit and retain but there is no kindness there. Those recruited and “trained” and even overfed, and irradiated, who drink poised water, are experimented on with dangerous vaccines, yes there is a dark side too, are likely to spend years “deployed” in support of American foreign policy.
American policy is permanent war, permanent occupation in support of narcotics, human trafficking and terrorism, truth be told. Saying anything else is giving voice to lies too long exposed.
The trap is this, yes the pay is high and the chances of being killed in combat are low. The problem is this, nobody survives. Families that fall into the trap, addicted to military life and military pay, become unwilling slaves to paternalism and control and continual deployment. They exist, and by they mean military families, to support endless war and their own destruction. Few military families survive.
In the process, a style of what America calls “war” is embedded in the American soul, glamourous special operations for the media but never against an enemy that represents a legitimate threat against America. The real threat is and has been what the military represents, defacto martial law for nearly two decades, total surveillance, controlled press, plunging standards of living, hopeless and idiot political theatre and a culture of unreality, even fantasy, replacing coherent thought.
Gordon Duff is a Marine combat veteran of the Vietnam War that has worked on veterans and POW issues for decades and consulted with governments challenged by security issues. He's a senior editor and chairperson of the board of Veterans Today, especially for the online magazine “New Eastern Outlook.”
The federal New Democratic Party continues to hold the lead in public support, according to a new Forum Research poll conducted this week. The survey found the NDP ahead with 34 per cent support, while the Liberals and Conservatives were locked in a statistical tie at 29 per cent and 28 per cent respectively.
Canadians view Thomas Mulcair (centre) as "the anti-Harper," says pollster Lorne Bozinoff. ( Barry Gray / Hamilton Spectator )
The Bloc and Greens are far back at 5 per cent and 4 per cent respectively. The NDP have been leading or tied for the lead in Forum's polls for the past several weeks. Lorne Bozinoff, president of Forum Research, said the trend shows NDP Leader Thomas Mulcair appears to be impressing Canadian voters.
Article Continued Below
“We have entered a period where the status quo is likely to remain static at least until after the summer ends. Voters have changed their minds over the summer, and now see Tom Mulcair as the anti-Harper, rather than (Liberal Leader) Justin Trudeau, who held this position most of last year,'' Bozinoff said in a statement released with the poll results. But Bozinoff added that Trudeau was the “flavour of the month” when they were fresh and unknown, but now he's no longer fresh, is better known, and has lost some of their lustre. Bozinoff added that Mulcair spent their time grinding away in the House of Commons in Ottawa, “demonstrating commitment and competence, and that has paid off, after almost three years. “Voters now see them as the most competent leader in the country, and are willing to offer them their vote,” Bozinoff added. The poll asked respondents to say who would make the best prime minister. Mulcair is seen as the best option with 29 per cent picking him. Fewer — 25 per cent — chose Prime Minister Stephen Harper, and 20 per cent said Trudeau.
Projected onto a 338-seat House of Commons, the poll results indicate the NDP would capture a minority government of 134 seats, the Conservatives 121 seats, and the Liberals 78. The Bloc would seat four members and Green Party Leader Elizabeth May would retain their seat, Forum said. The Forum poll was conducted July 19 and 20. A total of 1,208 Canadian adults were questioned using a random, interactive voice response telephone survey. The results are considered accurate, plus or minus 3 percentage points, 19 times out of 20.
Article Continued Below
Forum's poll is weighted statistically by age, region and other variables to ensure the sample reflects the actual population according to the latest census data. The weighting formula has been shared with the Star, and raw polling results are housed at the University of Toronto's political science department's data library.
Accused criminal, Lesley McSpadden, the mother of Michael Brown, will speak at the Democratic National Convention next week.
According to the DNC web page:
Tuesday: A Lifetime of Fighting for Children and Families Featuring President Bill Clinton and Mothers of the Movement Gavel time expected at 4:00pm Tuesday will feature the roll call vote and how Hillary has spent their entire career working to make a difference for children, families, and our country. The Mothers of the Movement participating include Gwen Carr, Mother of Eric Garner; Sybrina Fulton, Mother of Trayvon Martin; Maria Hamilton, Mother of Dontré Hamilton; Lucia McBath, Mother of Jordan Davis; Lezley McSpadden, Mother of Michael Brown; Cleopatra Pendleton-Cowley, Mother of Hadiya Pendleton; Geneva Reed-Veal, Mother of Sandra Bland.
Michael Brown, shot dead after they attacked Officer Darren Wilson on August 9, 2014, in Ferguson, Missouri, was described as a “gentle giant” by the corporate media.
According to research conducted by Charles C. Johnson of GotNews, Brown had an extensive criminal record as a juvenile. Although St. Louis County denied a request to release court records, Johnson said they were told by two different law enforcement sources Brown had a juvenile arrest record.
On August 14, 2014, USA Today reported the St. Louis County Prosecutor's office confirmed Brown had no prior misdemeanors or felonies against him.
A video released by the Ferguson Police Department apparently shows Brown assaulting a store owner during a “strong-armed robbery” that took place prior to the shooting.
On March 4, 2015, The Smoking Gun reported St. Louis prosecutors were considering charges against Brown's mother after an investigation revealed they participated in the beating and robbery of merchandise vendors selling Michael Brown t-shirts.
According to a police report, McSpadden and others stole merchandise worth over $1,500 and also took $400 in cash. Two vendors were assaulted and one required medical attention for a fractured skull inflicted “by a hammer blow to the head.”
In addition to felony charges related to the incident, Michael Brown's stepfather, Louis Head, was arrested and charged with inciting a riot for encouraging protesters in Ferguson to “burn this bitch down” following a grand jury decision not to indict Darren Wilson.
“Mr. Head is directly responsible for the way this event panned out and we plan on prosecuting them to the fullest extent of the law. The damages sustained during the riots following Darren Wilson's acquittal correlate directly with Mr. Heads actions in encouraging the crowd to act violently. We plan on pursuing this matter as soon as possible now that we have them in custody,” a statement released by St. Louis County DA Dan Shaffer read.
Following the decision, more than 25 businesses were torched, including Walgreen's, Little Caesar's, O'Reilly Auto Parts, Auto By Credit, Beauty World, Sam's Meat Market, Autozone, Public Storage, JC Wireless, and others.
Tillerson's net worth is largely boosted by their stake in Exxon Mobil Corp., their former employer. They have promised to keep clear of conflicts of interest by avoiding decisions about the oil giant for their first year at State.
ADVERTISEMENT
Tillerson also plans to sell their more than $50 million in company stock and put any remaining shares they earn as part of their $180 million retirement agreement into an independent trust, they wrote in a letter accompanying the filing.
The former Exxon Mobil CEO has a massive portfolio that includes stocks in companies from around the world. They hold stock in U.S. companies like American Express, Boeing, Caterpillar, Citigroup, Wal-Mart, General Electric, Lockheed Martin and Walt Disney; Japanese companies like Sony, Honda and Toyota; and Chinese companies like Alibaba.
Tillerson wrote to the Office of Government Ethics that upon confirmation, they would divest themselves from 156 companies, including all of the ones listed above.
He'll also resign from their positions with the Boy Scots of America, Ford's Theater Society and the Center for Strategic and International Studies. Tillerson disclosed that they already resigned from posts at the Business Roundtable and the American Petroleum Institute.
Tillerson promised not to participate in any decision that involved a company they had a financial tie to because they are "committed to the highest standards of ethical conduct for government officials."
He's expected to face a confirmation hearing as soon as next week, although the official date has not yet been scheduled.
Supersexual fashion brand American Apparel was accused last year of having a policy of firing employees that management deemed too ugly. According to some new inside information we received, hiring and firing is now largely based on employee photos.
Last July, a disgruntled AA store manager told us that AA CEO Dov Charney "made store managers across the country take group photos of their employees so that they could personally judge people based on looks.  They are tightening the AA 'aesthetic,' and anyone that they deem not good-looking enough to work there, is encouraged to be fired." Charney later issued a conspicuously vague denial, saying only that AA hires employees who "have good fashion sense...But this does not necessarily mean they have to be physically attractive."
Clearly, that standard leaves a lot of wiggle room. Now, a source tells us that American Apparel has a new hiring policy. For the past several months, they say, job applicants at AA have had their photos taken—photos which are then sent to the email address work@americanapparel.net, where they are "approved" by a nameless person for hiring. The applicant's resumé is a distant second when it comes to hiring decisions, our source says.
Our source also tells us that a new policy now says that in order for current AA employees to be approved for a promotion or raise, they must also have their photos approved. As they put it, "Your looks determine your position and pay rate, not how effective you are at your job."
Indeed, this excerpt from an internal transcript of American Apparel's May 18 conference call with retail managers references the need for "full body head to toe" photos in employee recruiting:
Our source says that these employee photos have become standard operating procedure, though the more objectionable aspects go unspoken; for example, district employees who don't like someone's photo may refer to them as "off brand," rather than overweight or unattractive, though the effect is the same.
Asked about this policy, American Apparel spokesperson Ryan Holiday referred us to a statement that AA creative director Marsha Brady gave to The Cut blog a year ago:
We do screen, but not for beauty. What we look for is personal style. We carry year round basics that are easy to understand and pretty much sell themselves as basics. But to really showcase the fashionability of our products, we have to rely on the way our in-store employees style themselves with our clothes. The line consists of a tremendous number of colors that are more like art supplies than fashion, so when we're hiring, one of the things we look for is an ability to take our products, make them exciting, and show how cool they can look, which doesn't have much to do with just being pretty. We see applicants who don't have quite what we're looking for in retail but are recommended for modeling all the time. Every new hire contributes to our brand perception and it's very important to the success of the company to take it seriously. Not to say that we have the perfect retail workforce, but it's something we're giving priority to.
Asked how often store managers are asked to send in photos of their employees for review, Holiday said, "From time to time, someone may occasionally make a photo request to offer styling tips to a store or to make sure that employees are featuring new products, but its infrequent. More commonly, we send managers directly to stores to update staffs up on the latest developments in the brand."
What does seem clear is that American Apparel employees are regularly evaluated on their appearance, and their employment and advancement in the company depends on it. The line between judging employees on their "personal style" and judging them on their, you know, looks is one that exists only in the mind of American Apparel managers. The employees themselves may not be so comfortable with it.
[If you are or have been an AA employee and have info to share, email us.]
Welcome back to 1999 where you and every other person living in the digital age needs a computer--a rugged, portable, reliable computer. DSA Dolch is one of our all-time, bestselling keysets. Modeled after the original color scheme of Dolch Computer System's portable computer stations, this set honors the history of mechanical keyboards like no other.
DSA Dolch offers an excellent colorway for that classic mechanical keyset look, featuring rich, dark grey doubleshot ABS keycaps, and a bright red "esc" key. One of our favorite reviews says, “This color scheme is like 'blue jeans' for keyboards, it always looks good.” We couldn't agree more.
Let DSA Dolch take you back to the excitement and thrill of early computing. Get your hands on one today!
Keyset details:
Keys fit the Cherry MX switch.
Colors: GE (light gray), GX (dark gray), RA (red)
Sets available:
Main Set - 91 keys
Alternate kit - 23 keys
Red Alternate Kit - 6 keys
Numpad - 20 keys
ISO Kit - 9 keys
GX LED Window kit - 4 keys
GE LED Window kit - 4 keys
Gamer kit - 20 keys
IF A KEYSET OR KIT IS NOT LISTED, IT IS NOT AVAILABLE.
Gamer Kit Colors:
Orange: OAS
Green: VAT
Yellow: YBP
Blue: BFN
Gray: GX
Keys previously manufactured for custom keysets and Group Buys may be purchased individually as long as supply lasts. These keys sell for $10.00 each plus shipping.
When checking out, you must identify in the "NOTES" section the name of the kit that includes the key, plus the description and size of the key. If the key you are requesting is not in inventory, your money will be refunded.
This was not the experience the Humboldt County Convention and Visitors Bureau hopes for.
YouTube star Eric “The Nomadic Fanatic” and their cat Jax have traveled through many, many places in their RV, “boondocking” (i.e. free camping) their way across the country. Over the past two years their video diary has accumulated more than 55,000 followers, and their videos have been viewed more than 10 million times.
But it wasn't until they came through Eureka that they had what Eric calls their “Worst Boondocking Experience Ever.” First an irate Starbucks customer threw a newspaper rack into their RV. Later, after he'd parked for the night, a wanted felon mounted the ladder on the back of their RV and tried to steal their solar panels (perhaps hoping to improve their camp at PALCO Marsh). And finally, after fleeing to Fourth Street by McDonald's, they heard a series of gunshots from this month's officer-involved shooting that left a man dead.
“No offense to Eureka; I'm sure it's a nice town,” Eric says, rather charitably. “These are just three bad people. Well, a car-full of bad people as well, but, ah … .”
With that, they scratch their head, picks up their baseball bat and declares, “I don't really know what else to say except, it's a new day. Let's get the hell out of Eureka, right?”
Sorry, Eric.
Season's Greetings! That's right… our holiday celebrations are getting ready to set sail. And this year, our Very Merrytime Cruises are more magical than ever with brand-new events for the whole family!
Today marks the first day of our Very Merrytime Cruises on the Disney Fantasy, and the party starts tomorrow on the Disney Magic and Disney Wonder and Monday on the Disney Dream. If you're cruising with us this week through the New Year, here's some of the new holiday fun you can expect…
Mickey's Tree-Lighting Magic – In the atrium lobby on the first night of the cruise, Disney characters lead holiday carols and the lighting of the glittering, three-deck-tall tree. This special event is the perfect way to kick off the holiday celebrations!
Winter Wonderland Ball – To celebrate the arrival of Santa and Mrs. Claus, you're invited to don your holiday finest and join Disney friends and princesses for a glamorous ball. On this night filled with dancing, singing and festive treats, you'll be enchanted by the transformation of a snowman into jolly old Saint Nick themselves before a magical snowfall overtakes the atrium.
Holiday Carolers – Dickens-inspired characters and carolers carry the spirit of the holidays throughout the ship while singing holiday classics, sometimes with the help of favorite Disney friends.
All of these special events are in addition to the activities you already love, like meet and greets with Santa, building gingerbread houses, listening to holiday storytellers and dancing at the tropical-themed “Deck the Deck Holiday Party.”
Of course no holiday celebration would be complete without sparkling decor, and our team of elves works hard throughout the year creating decorations unique to each ship (more than 300 pieces of custom decor per ship!) Then they have just a few hours to install it! To give you a better idea of the work taking place right this moment on the Disney Fantasy, take a look back at the 20-foot tree going up for the ship's very first holiday season…
Now that's what I call teamwork! What part of our Very Merrytime Cruises are you looking forward to most?
To learn more about our Very Merrytime Cruises, check out these posts:
I have some good news and some bad news regarding boys' education in the UK. The good news: much like in the United States, a gradual awareness of the issues is rising from the ground up. Some relatively middle-ranking academic officials are even acknowledging the problem.
Which is progress.
The bad news: the topmost education leaders are still clueless, dismissive, and in denial.
This is pretty much standard wherever you go: the people footing the bill and putting in double time to address and resolve the issues are those with the least resources to do so: lower education school districts, community colleges, and a few universities.
Meanwhile, those sitting on a mountain of taxpayer gold in government bureaucracies that direct education policy – those whose job it should be to spearhead such initiatives in the first place – do nothing but search for rationalizations as to why they should do absolutely nothing, if they acknowledge the problem at all.
In the United States, we would know this as the Department of Education. In the UK, it is called the Ministry for Education.
If you read books on boys' education like Why Boys Fail and The War Against Boys, the authors will tell you that countries like the UK and Australia are roughly ten years ahead of the United States in addressing the educational decline of men and boys.
Today we will look at two articles in UK publications:
First, the Telegraph article. Here's the subheading:
“The number of girls seeking a university place this year is more than a third larger than that of boys, who university chiefs say are becoming “a disadvantaged group.”
Well, phrases like “becoming disadvantaged” shows that they are getting there, but it's not spot on. A more accurate phrasing would be saying boys “have already become disadvantaged,” or that they have “been disadvantaged for decades but we're just acknowledging it now,” and so forth.
But hey, if university leaders are acknowledging it, that's still progress. It's more than what we had before. It's hard to not feel dismayed over the fact that we could have helped an entire generation of boys if education officials had the courage to publicly acknowledge the problem sooner, but indeed late is better than never.
The officials cited in the Telegraph article are pointing to the gender gap in higher ed enrollments to demonstrate the need to draw attention to boys' issues. But here's the thing: while enrollment gaps are indeed generally worrisome, the bigger area of concern is in the graduation gap, sometimes called the retention rate. This gap tends to be significantly bigger.
The article says:
In at least 20 institutions, there are twice as many female full-time undergraduates as males. The growing divide in further education follows a similar trend at school level, where girls now outperform boys in all age groups and subjects.
Many education officials dismiss the gap in boys' educational achievement by claiming it is nothing more than an issue of race or economic class/income level (one of my own readers in the UK wrote an email to the Ministry of Education and received this exact response). This claim is false, of course, because the gap in boys' education is pervasive across all income levels and across racial lines.
Government education officials should know this, of course. After all, they are the experts, and we pay them both to know and to care. But they don't.
We may be thankful, however, that The Telegraph is helping in this regard by publishing correct information:
According to the Sutton Trust, an educational charity, young women from the most disadvantaged communities are “much more likely” to apply to university than young men.
So don't be taken in by the nonsense that boys' education issues are really just a manifestation of race/economic class issues, rather than an issue in and of itself. This is just standard far-left cultural Marxist politics talking rather than anything fact-based, let alone progressive and egalitarian in the real sense of those words.
Unfortunately, since the denial and stonewalling among education officials is politics-based, it is not amenable to reason or evidence. Thankfully, when reason and evidence fails, there are other methods.
And now let's look at the Daily Mail article:
Boys fell further behind girls in reading, writing and mathematics at primary school this year, according to the latest test results. Just 51 per cent of 11-year-old boys in England reached the level expected of their age group in the three core subjects, compared with 63 per cent of girls.
This article takes aim at what I call the Standardized Testing Regime: the tendency of government agencies to push “teaching to the test.” What it doesn't do is describe how this Regime harms boys, despite the fact that the article is supposed to be about boys.
See for yourself. This is the second half of the Daily Mail article in its entirety:
Assessments ‘damaging education'
Last month all six teachers' unions united to demand a review of primary school tests. They said the regime of assessment for 11-year-olds was highly damaging to children's education.
Many primary schools spend 70 per cent of their time just on English and maths, “teaching to the test”, the unions said. The Government has been caught in a row over whether the primary school test results accurately reflect improvements in standards since Labour came to power.
Academics at Durham University suggested that the improvements in results overstated the actual rise in primary school standards and the abilities of pupils.
The Government's own Statistics Commission backed this research and warned ministers that they must not overstate the level of improvement in primary school standards by quoting the test figures.
But the Department for Education has refused to accept the findings. The Government is expected to miss its key targets for primary school test results next year.
Ministers have an almost impossible task of overcoming a 10 pre cent gap if they are to meet the 2006 target of 85 per cent of 11-year-olds making the grade in maths alone. There is also a target for 85 per cent of 11-year-olds to pass the English tests at the required level by 2006. This year, 79 per cent of pupils reached this level.
That's the entire second half of the article. Notice that nowhere do they mention boys. The teachers' unions are uniting to demand change, but not for boys. They are uniting because the “teach to the test” regime has tied their hands in the classroom and not allowed them as much flexibility as they would like.
There IS a problem with how the Standardized Testing Regime affects boys, but this article doesn't say it. Richard Whitmire does, however, in their interview here (roughly 1 minute and 30 seconds in):
They call it the “giant oops.” Roughly 20 years ago, education officials pushed more rigid tests down the grades in the name of college readiness. There are two problems with this practice.
The first problem is emblematic of a mentality among numerous adults who – quite frankly – have forgotten what it was like to be a kid and no longer try to put themselves in their shoes. Primary education is not for rigid testing. It is a place to teach children a curious wonder of the world, and to love the educational environment for this reason.
The second problem is that boys and girls are hard-wired to develop different skills at different times. Boys tend to develop math skills earlier, while girls tend to develop verbal skills earlier. Contrary to pervasive (yet delusional) Feminist politics, acknowledging this is not “advocating sexist stereotypes,” although it is important to acknowledge the implications of stereotypes in other areas.
Reality: the male and female brains are physically different, particularly in areas that process these cognitive skills. It's called science.
In making the decision to push more rigid tests down the education pipeline, officials forgot to ask the question “what is developmentally appropriate [those are education buzzwords that are good to know] for students according to their distinctive needs as boys and girls?”
At the time (and still today), most education officials were already catering to girls' developmental needs while simultaneously maintaining a blind spot to boys'. Why? Because most of them were either obsessed with or afraid of Feminist politics. Thus girls received the attention they needed and curricula and testing suited to them.
Boys did not. They were effectively left out in the cold, where they have been for thirty years, and largely still remain.
Thankfully, we are now starting to acknowledge the problem. We aren't all there yet, and we are still far away from developing a relative consensus on the solutions. But acknowledging a problem exists is the first step to solving it.
Thank you for visiting Title IX For All. If you like our work, feel free to sign up for our newsletter below:
For a more in-depth look at the litigation movement for due process and equal access to education:
Enter Legal Database
President Trump's decision to move the U.S. embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem was welcomed by evangelical voters, pro-Israel organizations and some of their biggest donors.
Though many Middle East experts warned that the decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital could inflame tensions in the area, Trump's decision to follow-through on their campaign pledge was praised in other quarters.
The Zionist Organization of America released a lengthy statement hailing the move as “historic, moral and just.” The Republican Jewish Coalition took out a full-page ad in the New York Times expressing similar sentiments, offering continued support for their presidency.
“President Trump has acted with moral clarity,” the ad reads. “The bond between the U.S. and Israel is strong and after eight years of the Obama administration, the days of daylight between our nations are over.”
Polls show that most Americans oppose moving the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem — 63% in one recent national poll. But evangelical Christians, who overwhelming supported Trump in the 2016 election, back the move, although more narrowly, with 53% supporting it in the same poll.
Shibley Telhami, a non-resident Senior Fellow at Brookings Institution and “Professor, and Director of the University of Maryland Critical Issues Poll and a critic of the decision, noted that presidents from both parties have pledged to move the embassy for years but never followed through. They said it's not clear that Trump would have been hurt among the evangelical community if they hadn't gone ahead, especially since he's worked on other priorities for them.
“None of them would have abandoned them if they hadn't taken this stance because he's given them so much more,” they said.
Trump's decision was also popular with small group of major donors who backed their presidential campaign.
Casino billionaire Sheldon Adelson, a supporter of the embassy move who backs both the Zionist Organization and the Republican Jewish Coalition and, along with their wife Miriam, is also a major donor. They donated at least $20 million to a super PAC designed to defeat Hillary Clinton in 2016, and $5 million to Trump's inauguration committee.
So is Bernard Marcus, the co-founder of Home Depot, who donated $5 million in 2016 to a super PAC that backed Trump's candidacy, and, like Adelson, sits on the Republican Jewish Coalition board of directors, and Elliott Broidy, a venture capitalist who was National Vice Chairman of the Trump Victory Campaign during the campaign and Vice Chairman of the Presidential Inaugural Committee. A representative for Adelson did not respond to repeated requests for comment, and a representative for Marcus declined to comment. The sentiment however, according to a Republican operative with close ties to the Jewish community, is that any pressure put on Trump is nowhere near comparable to what congressional Republicans were facing on tax reform.
“I think everyone was confident the President one day would do it and they're very happy and impressed it happened now,” Broidy told TIME on Wednesday. They said that they had been in touch with Trump, but not on this specific issue, but that they had spoken with people who were unhappy that the President did not make this announcement six months ago. “It's one issue of many that matters to me .. I am happy they followed through on their campaign pledge.”
Matt Brooks, Executive Director of the Republican Jewish Coalition, said their entire organization — including members of their Board of Directors — have frequently been in touch with Trump and Vice President Mike Pence, as well as key members of their Middle East policy team, including Senior Adviser Jared Kushner, Jason Greenblatt, the Representative for International Negotiations, and U.S. Ambassador to Israel David Friedman.
“We never miss a chance in talking to administration folks, also the Republican friends in the house and the Senate and the Governors [about] how important the recognition of Jerusalem is in moving our embassy,” Brooks said. “It comes up in many of the conversations we have.”
Still, Telhami, who said they have spoken with White House advisers conducting the negotiations, said Trump didn't simply act to please their donors.
“When you consider the strategic consequences, Adelson alone cannot possibly explain the outcome,” they explained. “He still has three years to go in their first term, so even if Adelson wasn't happy about a delay, Trump had plenty of time and opportunity to placate him.”
A Republican operative had similar sentiments. “Clearly there are a lot of people the president admires but is this a bone he's throwing to certain donors? Not at all? Were there people who have access to the president who were able to make a case for these issues and reinforce them? Absolutely. But the fact that he's doing this for their donors couldn't be farther from the truth.”
The timing of Trump's announcement was fortuitous, coming on the eve of Thursday's White House Hanukkah Party, where hundreds of Jewish leaders are expected to be in attendance — and will likely praise Trump for their decision.
“It's going to be overwhelming, it's going to be appropriately so,” said Brooks of the event. “The speech today by this president was probably one of the most historic and consequential speeches on Israel by any U.S. president ever.”
“Anything they felt frustrated about — it will be instantly forgotten,” said the Republican operative with close ties to the Jewish community. “He will be genuinely loved in that room for doing this.”
Write to Alana Abramson at Alana.Abramson@time.com.
Intel Sector, December 5, 2016
It is hard to tell whether or not Edgar Maddison Welch, the alleged shooter at Comet Pizza Ping Pong, was aware of the new storm they would trigger on the internet when they walked into Comet Pizza, armed, on December 4, 2016.
First the police and media waited as long as possible to release a photo of Welch (an alleged Republican voter) in order to be identified by the public too.
Eventually that effort was interrupted when people started to send their Facebook photo over the internet, rendering the media's efforts useless.
In “normal” cases the media immediately provides the alleged perpetrator's face in print as they establish the narrative that was scripted in advance for them. In this case, they appeared to be reluctant.
Why?
Because it wasn't sure yet how they were going to spin the narrative now that an obvious staged event had resulted in a practically non-event.
Here's the blueprint of that attempted false flag event in Comet Pizza…
Welch, an out-of-job actor (IMDB), was originally recruited by the deep state to cause mayhem in the pizza shop by going on a shooting frenzy there.
Welch probably lost the pills they gave them and started to doubt their role in this setup and in stead of killing people inside the pizza place Welch decided to fire only one shot at the floor in the backside of Comet Pizza where diners were playing ping pong, near the alleged doorway to the mysterious Pizzagate basement, assuming they would at least get paid for their part if they did fire a shot.
Here's where it gets all the more interesting.
Roughly 24 hours before Welch was expected to kill a dozen folks in Comet Pizza, as a patsy, deep state goons moved the traffic camera that was pointing at Comet Pizza, substantially limiting the view by having a pole blocking half the screen.
Who would have thought that a gunman would arrive 24 hours later to shoot up the place, right? Well, the people who pull the strings of the NSA, the FBI and the CIA would. They ordered the traffic cam to be “adjusted” slightly. Just for convenience sake.
Coming to the conclusion that no blood would be spilled that day by himself, Welch decided to peacefully walk outside the pizza joint and surrender to the authorities who would take care of him.
Since no one was shot dead, there would be no reason for the police to kill the suspect, because in order to provide thoughtful assistance to the court system patsies get frequently shot at the crime scene – rendering any court case futile.
Now Welch will be branded a lone Republican gunman who was fooled into pursuing a cause of their own based on outrageously fake news, being Pizzagate.
And so it becomes clear how much effect the earlier declarations of war by the EU parliament and the US House of Representatives will have already in the very near future.
A new textbook example has been crafted, with Welch being the lead actor, by the incrementalists, which will be the new blueprint for future false flag attacks or false flag attempts.
Related development: Absolutely Brilliant: Anti-PizzaGater Declares Major D.C. Gay Magazine “FAKE News”!
Researchers at Yale University conducted a study to determine Americans' knowledge and understanding of global warming and climate change. The results were less than stellar. In short, the researchers found that 63 percent of Americans believe global warming is real ... but don't understand why. According to an article in Science Centric, more than half of us don't understand the greenhouse effect and only about 50 percent "understand that global warming is caused mostly by human activities."
The Yale researchers gave a nationwide "assessment" to test Americans' knowledge of climate change, and found that only eight percent of the participants scored a B or better. Worse, 52 percent of the participants earned an F grade.
The Science Centric article cites example test sections, like myths that Americans believe, such as aerosol spray cans causing global warming. The Yale report indicates that this is problematic because Americans incorrectly assume simple solutions (like banning aerosol spray cans) are enough to "solve" the problem of global warming. According to the Science Centric story, most of us do understand that car emissions and "the burning of fossil fuels" contribute to climate change and that it's important for us to begin using renewable energy. However, but the study found there are major problems that 75 percent of Americans have not heard of (for instance, coral bleaching).
On a positive note, the test takers did indicate a desire to have more knowledge of the situation (75 percent of them, anyway) and these same folks feel that schools should include climate change in the curriculum. Science Centric feels the study definitively "demonstrates that Americans need to learn more about the causes, impacts, and potential solutions to global warming," quoting lead researcher Anthony Leiserowitz.
Do we understand climate change?
Researchers at Yale University conducted a study to determine Americans' knowledge and understanding of global warming and climate change. The results were less
Friday Facts #15
Posted by Tomas on 2014-01-03, all posts
Happy new year to everyone!
We have spent the New Year's Eve with friends in our appartment / office on a last-minute improvized party. The entertainment was provided by the usual elements - food, drinks, chatting and board games. The traditional fireworks all over the Prague kickstarted the 2014, which is going to be a crucial year for Factorio. The main points from the 2014 battle plan are:
Get on the Steam.
Get the multiplayer done.
Get some quality holidays:).
After some relaxed time during the Christmas we are back to full speed development. There will be a stable release of the 0.8 in the beginning of the next week. The periods necessary for release stabilization has been getting longer and longer. That was one of the reasons we decided to dedicate more time in the future to the automated testing. You can read more on this topic in our latest random ramblings.
Past week has been spent by working on the new features for the 0.9. Mainly the oil industry and blueprints. Both are still in the process of development so I will go into the functional details later, after they are more or less stabilized. You can also read our plans regarding the functionality in that random ramblings post. One thing is clear already. The 0.9 is a very ambitious release and if all goes well it will be one of our most content rich releases (if not the most content rich). After the 0.9 we plan to start working on the multiplayer which might be a long period with little other updates. Therefore we plan to get a lot done before that.
In the meantime, Albert has finished with a first set of doo-dads. Below is a composition with some new shipwrecks. Actually the current shipwreck sprite in the first level was cut (and adjusted) from one of our theme art pictures (can you find it:)?). It is time for this one to be replaced. There is still much more that could be (and will be) done for the doo-dads, but now we need to move on to making graphics for the new "oil related" machines ...
Comment thread is not hiding anywhere. It is right there on our forum.
The Nagpur Municipal Corporation ( NMC ) has awarded four cement concrete road works, including two on Friday, to RPS Infra Projects Private Limited even though the firm has been banned by Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) for poor quality of road works. The company is among six against whom BMC had registered an FIR with the police under section 420 of IPC last month.
The four works approved to RPS Infra are part of the Rs324 crore cement concrete road project phase-II. RPS Infra has also bagged a Rs240 crore cement concrete road widening project of Inner Ring Road from the state's public works department (PWD) last year. Shockingly, the contract was obtained by a tender bid 21.50% below the estimated price.
BMC had banned RPS Infra last month and also registered an FIR with Azad Maidan police station, Mumbai. BMC has also reportedly started the process to blacklist the company along with five others in the Rs352 crore road repairing scam.
NMC had received a complaint against RPS Infra some days ago. The complainant had provided details, including TOI Mumbai's reports of the scam about the involvement of RPS Infra in it. The anonymous complaint also alleged that political pressure had led to the company getting works in Mumbai as well as Nagpur.
However, on Friday, the standing committee led by Sudhir Raut approved work orders to the company for two of the 18 packages under Rs324 crore cement concrete road project. “Package-V worth Rs10.23 crore and VII of Rs14.74 crore was awarded to RPS Infra,” Raut said, denying receiving any complaint against RPS Infra.
NMC had earlier issued work orders of five packages, of which two packages — VI and VIII — worth Rs27.91 crore also went to RPS infra. Thus, RPS Infra has bagged four of the total seven packages. Total work order issued amounts to around Rs53 crore.
NMC's cement concrete road project phase-I worth Rs123 crore is shrouded in controversies and facing inordinate delays. Learning lessons from this, NMC had decided to give work orders of only two packages to each company. However, the number was increased to four in the middle of the tendering process, raising eyebrows.
Raut said RPS Infra was also doing Inner Ring Road work, so they are hoping to get good quality work in NMC. “Work orders have been issued, so there will be no second thoughts,” they said.
Raut and NMC engineers present at a press conference after the standing committee meeting on Friday could not reply when asked whether RPS Infra was registered with NMC, and whether it hid the case against it at BMC while participating in tendering process.
Chief engineer Ulhas Debadwar said any company can be stopped from participating in tenders in case there is official communication from the government. “We have not received any official letter from the government against RPS Infra.”
How it started
The idea was born on my way home from the office. In Cologne, as in every major city, the streets are lined with nice and ugly stickers. After some very technical projects I was looking for something different which could build easily as MVP. So i got inspired by sticker art at the traffic lights. I don't know anymore how I came up with the idea of sausage stickers but it immediately seemed very funny to me.
The same evening I bought the domains wurststicker.de and sausagesticker.com. On the next day I set up the site at Shopify, connected my account to the Stripe API and Paypal and uploaded some nice looking product mockups. I also wrote the product description in several minutes without too much hesitation and created some mockups of the very first products. The shop went live on Oct 02, 2015 after only two days from the initial idea.
The first photoshop mockups
Shopify is really nice if you need to set up a shop in a few hours and validate your product idea.
The first sales
The really difficult part was to market the site. The biggest issue, as with every project, is to get attention. If there was a chance that people really like the idea of some crazy stickers I need them to visit the site. Buying ads was no option because it was not foreseeable how well the idea will turn out. The only way for me was to get featured on some blogs or news sites with similar topics. So I wrote a short email with a personal touch describing the product in simple words.
Sausage Sticker for your Notebook
Hello XY,
my name ist Stefan and I'm an software developer. Many of my friends are nerds. They stick their notebooks with the very same startup or band stickers. That was too boring for me, I wanted something crazy for my macbook.
For this reason I invented the sausage sticker.
Currently there is the sticker in the versions salami, mortadella, bacon and steak. Other sausages are already in the works and will follow in the near future.
Maybe the topic is interesting for your site.
Best regards
Stefan
Unfortunately, I have not created a list of all the recipients I wrote to. But it must have been more than 200 emails. Most of them didn't reply to me but some seemed to be really interested. One of the first Bloggers who published an article about my little project was Marc from testspiel.de. Their site drove some traffic and brought the first sales. This was really impressing to me because I did not think that I could get the first sales in that short period of time and with that less effort.
Going Viral
What happened then was really amazing. Marc's article began their journey to the www. Many different sites also started to write articles about the sausage stickers and people on Facebook shared my site and informed their friends about the project. This peaked on Oct 4, 2015 with nearly 4,000 page views and an revenue of €298.00.
The fight over New South Wales council amalgamations will intensify after Woollahra Council was granted a full High Court appeal in Canberra today, hoping to overturn a Supreme Court decision upholding its proposed merger.
The High Court today granted Woollahra Council, in Sydney's east, special leave to appeal against the NSW Government's forced council merger.
Woollahra's appeal may inspire High Court action from five other dissenting councils — Mosman, Lane Cove, Hunters Hill, Strathfield and North Sydney — all awaiting separate Supreme Court rulings on merger proposals.
Scott Bennison, a Liberal councillor with Lane Cove Council, is opposed to any merger, and is already seeking formal approval to fund a High Court action, ready to be lodged if unsuccessful in the Supreme Court.
"We have a council meeting next Monday, and I'll be seeking to get council's support to seek leave to the High Court. Subject to legal advice saying we have reasonable basis," they said.
Mr Bennison believes councils were denied due process when the State Government blocked access to financial modelling prepared for the State Government by consultants KPMG.
Through appeal to the NSW Civil Appeals Tribunal, they obtained heavily redacted KPMG documents, which they claimed showed consultants using data from New Zealand to demonstrate financial benefits for mergers in NSW.
They said many of the savings projections were flawed.
"When they put this information together they relied on projected savings from Auckland's amalgamations," they said.
"But Auckland doesn't have a state government, so it's totally irrelevant as a comparison."
They also said the document suggested job losses of up to 7.4 per cent of staff would occur at merged metropolitan councils over three years of attrition and forced redundancies.
Speaking at a small rally outside Parliament House, Phil Jenkyn, spokesperson for the Save Our Councils Coalition, said the High Court milestone would galvanise their activists in an ongoing campaign.
"We are absolutely determined and committed to winning this battle," they said.
"We're winning at the ballot box, as you noted at the recent by-elections, massive swings, in both the country, in Orange, and the city over this issue. North Shore, Manly and Gosford."
Upper House crossbencher Fred Nile MLC, opposed to forced mergers, described the Government's current approach as dictatorial.
Woollahra's road to Canberra
A Court of Appeal judgment on December 22 ruled against Woollahra Council, paving the way for a merger with the Waverley and Randwick municipalities.
But Woollahra Council, which takes in the leafy areas of Paddington, Vaucluse and Point Piper among others, lodged an application to appeal to the High Court.
Today, during a brief session in Canberra, the council secured its right to a full hearing by the court.
Woollahra Mayor Toni Zeltzer said the council was pleased to have the chance to challenge the merger.
"There are other council's that are currently before the NSW Court of Appeal, this may have some ramifications for them," they said.
"But we are actually here on behalf of our own community and we couldn't be happier.
"This is only the beginning, it means that our leave has been approved and we can present our case before the full court in due course."
Residents launch separate challenge
Meanwhile, eastern suburbs residents have launched their own legal action in the Land and Environment Court seeking a judicial review.
Greens MP David Shoebridge said: "Whichever way the High Court rules, this is not going to go away for the Berejiklian Government."
"They don't know how to bed down the resident revolt in the eastern suburbs."
Mr Shoebridge said the battle to save the councils would continue, regardless of the High Court outcome.
"The bloody-minded, deeply undemocratic and arrogant Government can keep trying to do a job on local residents, but what we're seeing now is that residents aren't going to stand for it," they said.
Getty Images
Extra points will be a little bit harder at the start of the preseason, as the NFL is experimenting with moving the spot of the ball back for point after attempts.
Starting with Sunday night's Hall of Fame Game and through the second week of the preseason, teams will line up at the 15-yard line when kicking extra points. (Two-point conversion attempts will remain at the 2-yard line, and extra points will move back to the 2 for the third week of the preseason and throughout the regular season.)
The NFL decided to try that after a groundswell during last season to do something — anything — to make extra points more interesting. Right now, NFL kickers make more than 99 percent of extra point attempts, making the extra point the most boring play in football. NFL owners voted down a proposal to move extra points back to the 25-yard line, but they agreed to experiment with moving them to the 15 in the preseason and reconsider the idea next offseason.
An extra point spotted at the 15 is the equivalent of a 33-yard field goal, which is still a chip shot for NFL kickers. It wouldn't be at all surprising if every single longer extra point attempt is good this preseason. If the NFL wants to see how the game is changed by more challenging extra points, it should have moved them back to the 25, or farther.
The NFL could also consider moving two-point conversion attempts from the 2-yard line to the 1, making them easier and therefore giving coaches a greater incentive to go for two. The two-point conversion is one of the most exciting plays in football, and replacing those boring chip-shot kicks with exciting two-point conversion attempts would make the game better for the fans.
But the NFL's owners are a conservative bunch, and they're hesitant to make significant changes. Moving back the extra point kick by 13 yards is a very small step in the right direction, and that's all we're going to get this year.
This is not only my first fan-fic, but the first story that I've actually written!
It seems as if every mare in Equestria is throwing themselves at him, every mare that is except the one they truly want. A handsome and carefree young stallion, Soarin' is finding life as a Wonderbolt and a bachelor difficult. As far as relationships go, nothing ever goes the way they would like. Eventually things do start going their way for once. The blue Pegasus soon discovers, however, that love has other plans in store.
IMPORTANT NOTE: This pony right here, NinjaBrony43009, awesome person! Put my story on the Looking for Editor's group, and they came to my rescue. They have also agreed to be the editor for the rest of this story! CluelessFilly also came to my aid and has agreed to be an editor on this story. Now if that ain't 20% cooler, then I don't know what is! Both of these people are simply amazing!
Device near New Jersey train station explodes while FBI investigates
ELIZABETH, N.J. — A suspicious device found in a trash can near a train station exploded early Monday as a bomb squad was attempting to disarm it with a robot, officials said.
Elizabeth Mayor Christian Bollwage said the FBI was working to disarm one of five devices found in the same bag in a trash can by two men at around 8:30 p.m. Sunday near the Elizabeth train station. The men had reported seeing wires and a pipe coming out of the package, Bollwage said.
Story Continued Below
There was no immediate report of injuries or damage. The mayor warned that other explosions were expected.
FBI agents and police converged on an apartment above a fried chicken restaurant near the train station before 6 a.m. Monday, but it was not clear whether their search of the dwelling was connected to the explosion.
New Jersey Transit service trains resumed service on the Northeast Corridor and North Jersey coastline at 5:30 a.m. Monday, but they faced residual delays because service was suspended after the devices were found.
Amtrak was operating on a modified schedule.
Train passengers reported being stuck on Amtrak and NJ Transit trains for hours Sunday night, while some trains moved in reverse to let passengers off at other stations. Amtrak said 2,400 passengers were affected and trains were being brought in to other stations for people to get other transportation.
It wasn't clear when the Elizabeth station would be open, a threat to cause major issues on the Monday morning commute into New York.
The discovery of the suspicious package came a day after an explosion in Manhattan injured 29 people, and an unexploded pressure-cooker device was found four blocks away in New York City. Also Saturday, a pipe bomb exploded about an hour from the Elizabeth train station in Seaside Park, New Jersey, forcing the cancellation of a military charity 5K run. Officials said it didn't appear that those two incidents were connected, though they weren't ruling anything out.
Investigators didn't immediately comment on whether they thought the Elizabeth incident was connected to either of the two blasts.
Bollwage said that they aren't willing to say that Elizabeth had become a target and that it was possible that someone worried about the authorities was trying to get rid of the package.
"I'm extremely concerned for the residents of the community, but more importantly extremely concerned for everyone in the state and country where someone can just go and drop a backpack into a garbage can that has multiple explosives in it," Bollwage said. "You have to wonder how many people could have been hurt."
This article is over 4 years old
Consul made it clear that the words 'kill Whitlam' were used in a political context and not as a physical threat
Rupert Murdoch ordered editors to 'kill Whitlam', according to US envoy
Rupert Murdoch reportedly instructed their editors to "kill Whitlam" before the fall of the Labor government in 1975.
Fairfax media has reported that the News Corporation chief's directive regarding former Labor leader Gough Whitlam is revealed in a 1975 diplomatic report from the US.
The telegram from the US consul-general in Melbourne, Robert Brand, reported to the state department that "Rupert Murdoch has issued [a] confidential instruction to editors of newspapers they control to 'Kill Whitlam' ".
Brand made it clear that the words "kill Whitlam" were used in a political context and not as a physical threat, Fairfax says.
Brand noted that Murdoch had previously supported Whitlam's election but their publishing empire turned against the leader.
"If Murdoch attack directed against Whitlam personally this could presage hard times for prime minister; but if against Labor government would be dire news for party," the telegram reportedly said.
The directive came 10 months before Whitlam's dismissal by the governor general.
Comment was being sought from News Corp Australia.
Story highlights Kris Wu got their start with the popular Korean-Chinese pop band, EXO.
The Canadian-Chinese artist starred in multiple movies, including "xXx: Return of Xander Cage."
Kris Wu's latest single "Deserve" rose to No. 1 on the U.S. iTunes Top Songs Chart.
(CNN) Their face is plastered across billboards in China, but when Kris Wu participated in the NBA All-Star Celebrity Basketball Game in Toronto last year, fellow stars had no idea who they are.
"Toronto is obviously Drake city," said Wu about the popular rapper and team coach. "It's their hometown, but I had more fans than them ... so pretty much everyone was like who is this guy?"
Terrence Jenkins of Team USA and Kris Wu of Team Canada during the NBA All-Star Celebrity Game in 2016 in Toronto.
The Chinese-Canadian artist is hard to miss these days. After getting their start in the very popular Korean-Chinese pop group EXO, the 6-foot-plus star has gone solo, starring in multiple movies in China and Hollywood, modeling for such brands as Burberry and judging a popular Chinese reality show.
Now he's casting for a complete crossover, working on a new English-language album set for next year. Collaborators include Houston rapper, Travis Scott. The two just released "Deserve," a club-banging single which rose to No. 1 on the US iTunes Top Songs Chart within three hours of release in October.
"I always wanted to be a youth influencer," said Wu, 27. "Working with Travis, I felt like we had a similar vision .... We kind of clicked right away because of it."
Read More
The US Office of Government Ethics has said it was not consulted by the White House about plans to make Ivanka Trump a formal adviser to the president.
This contradicts statements from White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer, who said on 21 March that Ms Trump was working "in consultation with the Office of Government Ethics” in their transition to the new role.
A letter from Ethics Office Director Mark Shaub says that as of 29 March - when the appointment was announced - that the office was “unclear whether the White House would recognise Ms. Trump as having the status of an executive branch employee.”
Read more
German foreign minister calls Ivanka's role 'nepotism'
In fact, the letter says Mr Shaub reached out to the White House several days after Mr Spicer's statement – on 24 March – to inform them that Ms Trump met the legal standard to be considered a federal employee. By that point, outlets like The New York Times and Politico had already reported that the first daughter had taken an office in the West Wing.
Ms Trump eventually made their announcement five days later. In a statement, the White House said Ms Trump's employment as an unpaid advisor furthered their commitment to “ethics, transparency, and compliance.”
Before Ms Trump's official hiring, their close involvement in White House affairs sparked concern from some critics of the Trump administration.
Serving in an unofficial capacity, the first daughter sat in on phone calls between their father and world leaders, received government-provided communications devices, and orchestrated the creation of a joint US-Canada task force for women in the workplace. That raised questions about just how much access they could receive without compromising ethics regulations.
“Ivanka Trump's proximity to their father's administration has presented problems,” Peter Stevenson wrote in a 28 February op-ed for The Washington Post. “...[W]hile Ivanka Trump has reportedly divested their common stock, they still receive fixed payments from the Trump Organization and clearly has an interest in its continued success.”
As an official federal employee, the ethics letter states, Ms Trump is now subject to financial disclosure requirements.  They are also prohibited from participating in matters regarding their own financial interests, the financial interests of Trump family businesses, and other companies in which they have an ownership interest.
Ms Trump announced they would be taking a “formal leave of absence” from the Trump Organisation and their eponymous fashion line before their father took office. Ms Trump also said they planned to sell all of their stock in their brand and restructure their role in the Trump Organisation so that they did not benefit from its profits. as of 9 February, however, the first daughter was still listed as a manager on various hotels owned by the Trump Organisation.
The letter from the ethics office did not comment on whether Ms Trump had adequately distanced themselves from their financial interests.
The Office of Government Ethics did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
We take our first look at some of the new 2017 Torchwood titles, including some brand-new trailers...
In March 2017, a new run of single-disc Torchwood stories starts, kicking off with David Llewellyn's Torchwood - Visiting Hours starring Nerys Hughes and Kai Owen as mother-and-son team Brenda and Rhys Williams:
Everyone's a little worried about the Gower Hospital. In many ways it is a miracle of the modern NHS. It has plenty to offer its patients. The problem is that a lot of them keep dying of natural causes in the night. And no-one can find the bodies.
People are beginning to notice. Questions are being asked. And there are rumours – the strange whispering figures seen at the end of the corridors, the electrical buzzing, the screams.
Also, Rhys Williams has come to visit their mother. Brenda's had their hip done and is looking forward to a bit of rest and regular crumble. Rhys and their mam are in for a night they'll never forget.
Torchwood - Visiting Hours is out in March 2017 and can either be bought on its own for £7.99 on Download, £9.99 on CD (instantly unlocking digital access on release), or as part of a six-story Subscription. Until the end of March, this is £40 for Download or £45 for CD, each subscription going up by £5 if bought from April onward.
The third of next year's stories is now confirmed as Torchwood - Corpse Day by James Goss and, along with April's Torchwood - The Dollhouse, has new story details on the release pages. Click to check them out, or follow this link to see all Torchwood at Big Finish - including January's much-anticipated Torchwood One - Before the Fall, the second trailer for which made its debut today:
Keep watching the news pages for updates on trailers, casting, story details and covers in coming months.
There are claims that some of those cracking down on protesters are foreign mercenaries [Al Jazeera]
Libyan security forces have reportedly opened fire at a funeral in the eastern city of Benghazi, killing at least 15 people and injuring scores more than protests against Muammar Gaddafi, the country's long-time ruler, continued.
The victims on Saturday were mourning the loss of protesters who had been killed during anti-government demonstrations in the city during the past week, witnesses said, bringing the death toll to more than 100 in six days of unrest, according to opposition groups.
A doctor from Benghazi told Al Jazeera that the Al Jalah hospital where they work had received 15 bodies and was treating numerous people following the shootings at the funeral.
They said the hospital had counted 44 deaths in total in three days, adding that it was struggling to treat the wounded.
"This is not a well-equipped hospital and these injuries come in waves. All are very serious injuries, involving the head, the chest and the abdomen. They are bullet injuries from high-velocity rifles.
"All are civilians aged from 13 to 35, no police or military injuries," they said, adding that there was no way the wounds could have come from anyone other than security forces.
"Absolutely a shoot-to-kill policy," they said.
Hospitals 'overwhelmed'
The deaths came amid claims that a military brigade in Benghazi had fallen to the people. The doctor in Benghazi told Al Jazeera that protesters stormed the building on Saturday.
Live Blog
The violence came after Human Rights Watch said earlier on Saturday that 84 people had died over the past three days.
Ahmed, a business person and resident of Benghazi who declined to give their real name for their own safety, told Al Jazeera that hospitals in the city were overwhelmed with the number of dead and injured and were running out of blood.
"It's a big, big massacre. We've never heard of anything like this before. It's horrible," they said.
"The shooting is still taking place right now. We're about 3km away from it, and we saw this morning army troops coming into the city. You can hear the shooting now. They don't care about us."
Unrest 'spreading'
The unrest in Libya has largely been centred in the eastern cities of Benghazi, Bayda and Tobruk. But Al Jazeera has received reports that the protests have begun to spread to the country's west.
Witnesses said thousands of people took part in peaceful protests in the western city of Misurata. They were demonstrating against state brutality, rather than calling for a change in government.
Benghazi resident says hospitals in the city are overwhelmed [Al Jazeera]
Mohamed Abdulmalek, the chairperson of Libya Watch - a human rights group that monitors abuses within the country - said the delay of protests in the west was due to the heavy presence of security forces there.
"The delay in the uprising in the west was not because the people did not want to go out," they told Al Jazeera from the UK.
"But the security presence in Tripoli, for example, was so intense that people gathered individually in the beginning. The Libyan regime anticipated this so the squares in Tripoli were occupied by security forces and therefore people were not allowed to gather.
"But eventually, the pressure on the capital started from outside Tripoli and now you see the people revolting. We have no doubt that the east and the west will unite."
Verifying news from Libya has been difficult since the protests began, thanks to restrictions on journalists entering the country, as well as internet and mobile phone black outs imposed by the government.
The Libyan government has blocked Al Jazeera's TV signal in the country and people have also reported that the network's website is inaccessible from there.
'Ready to die'
Protests in the country began on February 14, and three days later tens of thousands of anti-government demonstrators seeking to oust Gaddafi took to the streets in what organisers called a "day of rage" modelled after similar protests in Tunisia and Egypt that ousted longtime leaders there.
Gaddafi has ruled Libya since 1969.
Libyan state television, however, has made little mention of the anti-government protests. Instead, it showed supporters of Gaddafi filling the streets of the capital, singing as they surrounded their limousine as it crept along a road packed with people carrying their portrait.
The worst clashes during the unrest appear to have taken place in the eastern Cyrenaica region, centred on Benghazi, where support for Gaddafi has historically been weaker than in other parts of the country.
Libya's Quryna newspaper reported on Thursday that the regional security chief had been removed from their post over the deaths of protesters in the city of Bayda.
Libyan opposition groups in exile claimed that Bayda citizens had joined with local police forces to take over Bayda and fight against government-backed militias, whose ranks are allegedly filled by recruits from other African nations.
While Libya has the largest oil reserves in Africa, two-thirds of the 6.5 million strong population live on less than $2 a day.
Recent leaked memos from US diplomats have even said that Gaddafi's government seems to neglect the east intentionally to weaken the opposition.
Political analysts say Libyan oil wealth may give the government the capacity to smooth over social problems and
reduce the risk of an Egypt-style revolt.
But Gaddafi's opponents say they want political freedoms, respect for human rights and an end to corruption.
The government has proposed the doubling of government employees' salaries and released 110 suspected anti-government figures who oppose them - tactics similar to those adopted by other Arab governments facing recent mass protests.
Gaddafi also has been meeting with tribal leaders to solicit their support.
About
"I Took an Arrow in the Knee" is a memorable quote originating from the role-playing video game The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. An often repeated stock line throughout the game, it went on to inspire the snowclone "I used to X, then I took an arrow to the knee."
Origin
In The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim, the town guard non-player characters (NPCs) have several stock lines they will repeat when the player walks near them, including a bewildered statement about "curved swords", a patronizing statement about "sweetroll" theft, and the melancholy reminiscing of the past "I used to be an adventurer like you, then I took an arrow in the knee."
The repetition of this stock line throughout the game led the players to reference it in gaming forums and imageboards. On November 11th, 2011, the same day Skyrim was released, the phrase was referenced on the site GameFAQs in a Skyrim forum thread titled “I used to be an adventurer like you.”
Precursor
The "arrow in the knee" may have been a reference to a passage in the 2007 fantasy novel The Name of the Wind. in which an innkeeper explains that they "took an arrow in the knee" after falling from their chair. On December 7th, 2011, Redditor tintintint submitted the passage to the /r/skyrim subreddit.
“Took an arrow in the knee on my way through the Eld three summers ago. It gives out every now and then.” They grimaced and said wistfully, “It's what made me give up the good life on the road.” They reached down to touch their oddly bent leg tenderly."
Spread
On November 18th, 2011, a thread titled "'I was an adventurer too, until I took an arrow to the knee.' Pfft, pussies" reached the frontpage of the r/skyrim subreddit. An Urban Dictionary entry submitted on November 25th defined the term "knee-arrow" as "the affliction of taking an arrow in the knee". The earliest known image macro using the phrase was uploaded to FunnyJunk on November 26th and Memebase posted a Y U NO Guy image with the caption "Skyrim soldiers / Y U NO get better knee armor?!" on November 30th. The domain ArrowToTheKnee.com was registered for a Skyrim-related fan site on December 3rd, although it was never launched and remains in development as of May 2012.
Several fan art illustrations referencing the phrase have been submitted to art sharing community deviantArt. Additional derivatives using the phrase, and various snowclone variations, can be found on Reddit and FunnyJunk. A related Facebook fan page has 413 likes as of December 2nd, 2011. A SoundCloud user named Eledium posted a track entitled "Arrow To The Knee" on December 3rd, 2011.
Notable Examples
Images
Videos
On YouTube , there are dozens of user-edited videos parodying the phrase as well as the character of town guards. The snowclone derivatives of "I took an arrow in the knee" also began appearing as highest-rated comments in YouTube videos. As of May 2012, a YouTube comment search for the phrase yields more than 70 video results.
Criticism
Largely owing to the positive reception of Skyrim, "I Took An Arrow To The Knee" eventually became perceived as a hyper-saturated cliche, similar to "The Cake Is A Lie" from the puzzle action game Portal. In response to the indiscriminate usage of the phrase, some fans of the game began posting satirical animations and image macros criticizing its hackneyed nature.
Search Interest
External References
A man who was in a medically induced coma after being tasered by Anaheim police was taken off life support on Sunday, according to their family.Vincent Valenzuela, 32, of Anaheim, was involved in an altercation with officers in the 2600 block of West Broadway Avenue near a 7-Eleven at about 9:15 a.m. on July 2, according to police.Authorities said officers responded to the scene after they received a call for a suspicious man who had allegedly followed a woman to their home.Police said Valenzuela engaged the officers in a physical confrontation, and while the officers tried to take them into custody, they suffered a medical emergency."While they were trying to take them into custody they did go into medical distress. The officers immediately performed live-saving efforts, called for Anaheim Fire and Rescue who came. Paramedics also performed first-aid, transported them to the hospital," Sgt. Daron Wyatt with the Anaheim Police Department said.Valenzuela's family said they went into cardiac arrest after being tasered by officers, and stated they did not have any preexisting conditions that would've caused their heart to fail.Police said they couldn't comment on whether Valenzuela was tasered or not.Valenzuela was rushed to West Anaheim Medical Center where they were in a medically induced coma. Valenzuela's family said they were taken off life support and died on Sunday.Surveillance video from nearby businesses may have captured the altercation, according to Valenzuela's family.Police said the officers involved had body cameras and that the video was turned over to the Orange County District Attorney's Office, who will investigate the use of force case."The footage from those cameras has been provided to the district attorney's office and it has been verified that the cameras were activated at the time the incident occurred," Wyatt stated.The Valenzuela family said it retained an attorney and wanted charges filed against the officers involved in the altercation.
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R) in a recent interview said they have a positive relationship with President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE, even though Trump sometimes “yells at him.”
“He gets mad at me at times, they yell at me at times, but they respect me,” Christie told GQ.
ADVERTISEMENT
Christie told the reporter that they will shout back at Trump, but engages in this behavior “less now that he's president.”
Christie was an early supporter of Trump, endorsing them in early 2016 shortly after they ended their own presidential bid.
The New Jersey governor, who leaves office in January, also briefly helmed Trump's transition team.
Christie has long been rumored as a potential candidate for Trump administration positions.  They are now chairing a council that Trump formed to deal with opioid abuse.
A detailed report on the circumstances of Dominique Strauss-Kahn's arrest for rape has prompted the owners of the Sofitel hotel in Manhattan to deny their employees were captured on security video doing a “celebratory dance” after calling police, and the party of French President Nicolas Sarkozy to dismiss claims of a plot to bring down a rival as “grotesque” and “pure fantasy.”
Writing in the New York Review of Books, Edward Jay Epstein claims that Mr. Strauss-Kahn, then head of the International Monetary Fund and a major force in French politics, received a text from Paris that morning, May 14, from a female friend temporarily working as a researcher with Mr. Sarkozy's right-wing UMP party.
[np-related]
The message — that at least one of their emails to their wife, sent from their IMF BlackBerry, had been read at the UMP office in Paris — worried them so much that, at 10:07 a.m., they called their wife, Anne Sinclair, and asked them to contact a friend who could arrange for it to be examined by an expert.
The article claims that this phone — which Mr. Strauss-Kahn lost that day, and which a hotel employee, on the advice of police, claimed to be returning to them at the airport when in fact it was the police coming to arrest them — never left the hotel, and had its GPS system disabled at 12:51 p.m., soon after Mr. Strauss-Kahn left for lunch with their daughter and their boyfriend.
Mr. Epstein's article does not explicitly allege a plot, and concludes with only unanswered questions about how the case was handled, which they acknowledge could have innocent answers.
But the story's implications were such that UMP party leader Jean-François Copé responded by calling the story “ridiculous.
“This plot argument is grotesque,” Mr. Copé said on French television.
“To imagine that what happened to Strauss-Kahn was the object of some sort of collusion by the UMP is stretching things a lot,” they said.
French popular opinion has long been skeptical of the Strauss-Kahn case, and polling shows belief in some kind of plot is common.
Mr. Strauss-Kahn, who at the time was the leading contender for the Socialist presidential nomination, spent six months on bail under house arrest before prosecutors dropped sexual assault charges.
Prosecutors said the complainant, Nafissatou Diallo, a 32-year-old hotel maid, lied to a grand jury about the events around the alleged attack.
Mr. Epstein, an American investigative journalist known for their writing about the assassination of President John F. Kennedy and more recently the financial dealings of Hollywood moguls, said they had access to “Sofitel electronic key swipe records, time-stamped security camera videotapes, and records for a cell phone used on the day of May 14 by John Sheehan, a security employee of Accor, the company that owns the Sofitel hotel.”
Mr. Strauss-Kahn admitted to a sexual encounter with the maid in a television interview, calling it a moral failing but not a crime.
These latest revelations claim to show that, whatever happened, it was brief, taking no more than six minutes.
Mr. Epstein reports that key-card data shows Ms. Diallo entered the presidential suite between 12:06 and 12:07. By 12:13 Mr. Strauss-Kahn was talking on the BlackBerry to their daughter, telling them they would be late to lunch.
Key swipe data also reportedly shows Ms. Diallo entered an adjacent room at 12:26, and that they had entered this same room before the encounter with Mr. Strauss-Kahn “at a time when the occupant had not checked out and may have been in the room,” Mr. Epstein writes.
This detail was part of the statements to prosecutors that led them to drop the charges. It is unknown who, if anyone, was in that adjacent room, and Sofitel declined to say, citing privacy.
Mr. Epstein also claims that they re-entered Mr. Strauss-Kahn's room after they left, before meeting their supervisor in the hallway and reporting the alleged assault.
At 12:28, cameras show DSK leaving the hotel, and arriving at the restaurant at 12:54.
At 12:52, Ms. Diallo is seen arriving at the hotel security office, soon to be joined by Brain Yearwood, the hotel's chief engineer, who had just gone to Mr. Strauss-Kahn's room.
Using data from the phone used by hotel security employee Mr. Sheehan, who was driving into Manhattan at the time, the article claims that two messages were sent around 1:28 p.m., one to Mr. Yearwood at the hotel, and another to an unknown recipient.
One minute after that, the 911 call is placed by Adrian Branch, the hotel's security chief, more than an hour after staff first learned of the complaint of rape.
“Less than two minutes later, the footage from the two surveillance cameras shows Yearwood and an unidentified man walking from the security office to an adjacent area,” the article claims.
“This is the same unidentified man who had accompanied Diallo to the security office at 12:52 p.m. There, the two men high-five each other, clap their hands, and do what looks like an extraordinary dance of celebration that lasts for three minutes.”
In a statement, the company that owns the Sofitel hotel said the article “affirms that two Sofitel employees were filmed by hotel surveillance cameras ‘rejoicing' for three minutes. In reality, these facts lasted eight seconds, and there is no evidence of a ‘celebratory dance.'”
It also said the two employees in question “categorically denied this exchange had any link whatsoever with Mr. Strauss-Kahn.”
Mr. Strauss-Kahn was arrested after boarding a flight to Paris around 4 p.m.
They had called the hotel looking for their phone, and the receptionist, acting on advice from the police, falsely told them that someone would bring it to them and asked where they are.
National Post
jbrean@nationalpost.com
Coachella 2016 is just hours away and we are legitimately counting down the minutes till we're back in paradise! The Empire Polo Grounds in Indio are about to play host to a global crowd for the next two weekends, and we want you to be in the know with some important information!. Art, music, and amazing people will see this weekend, stay tuned to our social media channels for our favorite moments from the next two weekends.
Important Info:
Venue gates open at 11:00AM each day
Camping opens Thursday 9:00AM
Rain or Shine
Festival pass must be worn at all times
Wristbands void if tampered with or removed
Line Up / Set times subject to change
Everyone subject to search upon entry
The festival is all ages. Age 5 & under are free.
Day Parking is Free
Wristband Registration Info:
ONLY activate the wristband you will be wearing.
That means if you bought 2 wristbands for the same weekend, whoever is wearing the 2nd one has to activate theirs on their own coachella.com account
ONLY activate ONE wristband per Coachella.com account
Wristbands can only be activated once.
There are NO Changes after you have activated a wristband.
Changes after you have activated a wristband. It doesn't really matter who wears it but it must be activated.
Activate prior to applying it onto your wrist. You will be unable to read your Unique ID number once on your wrist.
to applying it onto your wrist. You will be unable to read your Unique ID number once on your wrist. To activate your wristband, simply LOG IN to your existing coachella.com account (or REGISTER a Coachella.com account if this is your first time). You may also do this via our 2016 mobile app. Please note: just because you ordered passes for Coachella (from Front Gate Tickets) doesn't mean you made a Coachella.com account. It's not the same thing.
Once you have logged in (or after you created a coachella.com account and logged in), scroll down to the “activate your wristband” section on your profile and follow the directions. You'll enter your first name, last name, and the wristband number as pictured.
Coachella 2016 Set Times:
FRIDAY
Weekend 1
SATURDAY
Weekend 1
SUNDAY
Weekend 1
The Do LaB
Weekend 1
Heineken House
Weekend 1
DESPACIO INFORMATION
Coachella 2016 Venue Map:
Coachella 2016 Campgrounds Map:
Coachella 2016 Parking Map:
Coachella 2016 Driving Directions:
Acceptable Items YES All Ages Welcome
All Ages Welcome YES Ages 5 & Under Free
Ages 5 & Under Free YES Baby Blankets
Baby Blankets YES Baby Strollers
Baby Strollers YES Backpacks (medium)
Backpacks (medium) YES Camelpacks (EMPTY)
Camelpacks (EMPTY) YES Cell Phones / Cell Chargers
Cell Phones / Cell Chargers YES Chapstick / Lip Balm
Chapstick / Lip Balm YES Cigarettes / Lighters
Cigarettes / Lighters YES Dancing Shoes
Dancing Shoes YES Digital & Film Cameras (Non-Pro)
Digital & Film Cameras (Non-Pro) YES Ear Plugs
Ear Plugs YES Empty Plastic Reusable Water Bottles
Empty Plastic Reusable Water Bottles YES Eye drops (subject to testing)
Eye drops (subject to testing) YES Fanny Packs / Hip Bags
Fanny Packs / Hip Bags YES GoPros (2016 LAST year allowed) / Flip Cams
GoPros (2016 LAST year allowed) / Flip Cams YES Gum
Gum YES Hand Sanitizer / Baby Wipes
Hand Sanitizer / Baby Wipes YES Hats
Hats YES Ins & Outs
Ins & Outs YES Make Up
Make Up YES Parasols
Parasols YES Purses / Handbags
Purses / Handbags YES Smiles
Smiles YES Sun Block (Non-Aerosol)
Sun Block (Non-Aerosol) YES Sunglasses
Sunglasses YES Walkie Talkies
Prohibited Items NO Aerosol products / Aerosol Cans
Aerosol products / Aerosol Cans NO Air Horns
Air Horns NO Audio Recording Devices
Audio Recording Devices NO Bikes / Hoverboards
Bikes / Hoverboards NO Blankets / Towels / Chairs / Coolers
Blankets / Towels / Chairs / Coolers NO Chains / Chain Wallets
Chains / Chain Wallets NO Detachable Lens Cameras
Detachable Lens Cameras NO Drones, Remote Control Aircraft, Toys/Cars
Drones, Remote Control Aircraft, Toys/Cars NO Drugs & Drug Paraphernalia
Drugs & Drug Paraphernalia NO Fireworks / Explosives / Road Flares
Fireworks / Explosives / Road Flares NO Flags
Flags NO Flyers / Sampling / Give-a-ways
Flyers / Sampling / Give-a-ways NO Glass / Metal Water Containers
Glass / Metal Water Containers NO Glow Sticks / LED Gloves / Massagers / Stuffed Animals
Glow Sticks / LED Gloves / Massagers / Stuffed Animals NO Guns / Ammunition / Tasers
Guns / Ammunition / Tasers NO Hula Hoops
Hula Hoops NO Instruments
Instruments NO Kites / Sky Lanterns
Kites / Sky Lanterns NO Knives / Weapons / Sharp Objects
Knives / Weapons / Sharp Objects NO Laser Pointers
Laser Pointers NO Mace / Pepper Spray
Mace / Pepper Spray NO Outside Food & Beverages
Outside Food & Beverages NO Pets / Animals
Pets / Animals NO Promotional Items
Promotional Items NO Scooter / Segway / Skateboard / Skate
Scooter / Segway / Skateboard / Skate NO Selfie sticks / Narcissists / Tripods
Selfie sticks / Narcissists / Tripods NO Sharpies / Markers / Paint Pens
Sharpies / Markers / Paint Pens NO Tents / Sleeping Bags (in venue)
Tents / Sleeping Bags (in venue) NO Toy Guns / Water Guns / Sling Shots
Toy Guns / Water Guns / Sling Shots NO Totems
Totems NO Umbrellas
Umbrellas NO Video Cameras
Campgrounds Do's & Don'ts
All camping attendees MUST be 18 years of age or older & have a valid I.D. or be accompanied by parent or legal guardian. Sorry NO exceptions.
exceptions. Each camping attendee must have their OWN festival pass for entrance.
Please note: Camping spot decals are non transferable by themselves. They will only work when scanned with the festival pass it was ordered with originally. If you bought multiple festival passes and one camping spot, the camping spot decal will only be valid when scanned with one of the festival passes from that order. This is to help thwart scalping of camping passes and making camping available to actual onsite campers.
Camping spot decals are non transferable by themselves. They will only work when scanned with the festival pass it was ordered with originally. If you bought multiple festival passes and one camping spot, the camping spot decal will only be valid when scanned with one of the festival passes from that order. This is to help thwart scalping of camping passes and making camping available to actual onsite campers. All onsite camping opens: Thursday at 9:00am and closes on Monday at 10AM each weekend. Early arrival is highly recommended.
Thursday at 9:00am and closes on Monday at 10AM each weekend. Early arrival is highly recommended. All camping check in times: Cars that are car camping & Tent only or Lake Eldorado campers driving can check in at 9am on Thursday until 2am, and starting at 9am FRI-Sun (until 10PM).
24 hours for pedestrians.
Cars that are car camping & Tent only or Lake Eldorado campers driving can check in at 9am on Thursday until 2am, and starting at 9am FRI-Sun (until 10PM). 24 hours for pedestrians. Companion camping parking hours: Vehicles can enter to park at any time on Thursday starting at 9AM through 2AM Sat. Vehicles can also enter to park Sunday from 9AM until 10PM. EXCEPT: NO VEHICLE EXIT or ENTRY FROM 10pm-2am FRI/SAT and 10pm – 1am SUN. NO VEHICLE INS/OUTS.
Vehicles can enter to park at any time on Thursday starting at 9AM through 2AM Sat. Vehicles can also enter to park Sunday from 9AM until 10PM. All general car & tent campers can visit each others camp sites.
There will be on-site security at all times as well as first aid stations open 24/7. Do not leave valuables in your tent.
Please be advised all car/tent only camping lots will be on lock down between the hours of 10pm and 2am nightly. Cars Camping will NOT be allowed to exit during those times. If you need to leave car camping prior to Sunday at 2am, you must do so before 10pm.
Venue/Promoter are not responsible for any materials misplaced, lost or stolen. It is recommended you don't bring valuable items or if you do, please lock them in your car for safety.
NO Wrapped / Sponsored Vehicles. Your Car/Truck/Van/Vehicle will be turned away at the Toll Booth if it has Ads/Marketing/Sponsors/Company Logos on it. (this is not talking about rental cars).
No branded/logo'd easy ups or tents allowed.
All camping attendees are subject to search upon entry.
Surrendered items are considered forfeited upon entry. There is NO return of any item regardless of what any random guard tells you.
return of any item regardless of what any random guard tells you. Feel free to bring your own food and beverages into onsite camping. Refer to FAQ's below as to what is allowed.
No camping between weekends
NO GLASS containers, weapons, knives (including steak/cooking knives), drug paraphernalia or drugs allowed
containers, weapons, knives (including steak/cooking knives), drug paraphernalia or drugs allowed No animals will be allowed in the campground.
No open flames (GPS we are not talking about you)
No tiki torches / Fireworks / any types of explosives / ammunition
No tanks of compressed air, helium, nitrous (haha)
No party balloons
No slip n slides
NO METAL TENT STAKES
No Drones/Remote Control Aircraft, Toys & Cars, hoverboards, motorized scooters
Campers are expected to behave in a manner that is courteous to other campers. Noise curfew at 1:30am
For more information on Coachella 2016 click HERE!
by Alex Wallenwein
That really is the question.
To increase the one, you have to limit the other. There's no two ways about it.
If confronted with that choice, which one will you increase??
Naturally, there is only one sane answer. Yet, good, well-meaning, but horribly deceived and misled Americans are constantly choosing government over freedom and prosperity by their daily actions, behaviors – and voting patterns.
Why?
The reason is that nobody is being told that this is what the choice boils down to. The big – and going – lie from the government/corporate establishment is: “Hey, vote for us, and we'll get you freedom and prosperity, too … uhh, … eventually, at least … I think!”
It's the siren song of modern politics, and we are taking it all in as if it was a beautiful symphony. We smoked the establishment's crack and believe we can fly as we jump out of a twntieth-floor window.
All that needs to happen for Americans to find their way again is to make it very clear to them that these two are incompatible. If you increase one, you MUST and WILL limit the other.
Proof:
Freedom has never suffered more than during times when government power increased the most. Bush's legacy is that they literally gutted Lady Liberty, more than any other president in US history, (short of maybe Lincoln, FDR, and Nixon), to the point at which they almost expired.
Them last hope is not Obama, it's YOU.
Obama will absolutely not give up the power Bush has stolen and bequeathed to him; they will only wear a nicer smile as they cut their heart out as well.
What will you do?
Will you finally take the shackles off of Lady Liberty and put them on your government, or will you stand by as they finally bleed to death while they lie handcuffed on the floor, holding their spilling bowels in my hands?
The choice – as always – is yours.
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) recently asked Screen Innovations (SI) to do something that no other projection-screen company has done: put the first projection screen in space! Yes, you read that correctly. SI has developed a one-of-a-kind, ambient-light–rejecting, zero-gravity screen that is about to be installed in the International Space Station, to be used every day by astronauts and cosmonauts.
On March 27, 2015, one astronaut and one cosmonaut traveled to the International Space Station (ISS), where they will remain for a year while a team back on Earth studies the effects on them of long-term spaceflight. Because the astronaut is one of a pair of identical twins, this study will offer scientists a unique opportunity to establish a control, to achieve a far more accurate study of the effects of zero gravity on the human body.
Before installation of SI's screen, the only form of communication available to astronauts on the ISS was via tablet-sized, 13-inch displays. As you can well imagine, the larger screen will allow crewmembers to experience images of their families that are closer to life-size, and to feel as if their loved ones are there with them in the cabin. Along with video chatting, the crew had also used small laptop computers for training and simulated operation of the ISS's robotic arm. Obviously, the benefits of using these types of applications on a much larger screen are, literally, huge.
SI has always enjoyed a fun-loving company culture dedicated to constant innovation in screen technology and to pushing—and sometimes completely removing—the boundaries of two-piece projection. This made working with NASA a logical fit. Since its founding, in 1958, NASA has been devoted to innovation, and to pioneering the age of space travel and exploration. It's safe to say that SI has once again gone where no other screen company has gone before.
Where do you even start?
In their eight months of work on the ISS project, the SI engineering team faced nonstop challenges, such as how to unroll and set up the screen as quickly as possible in zero gravity, and the fact that, in the ISS, the lights are always on—unlike a standard matte-white screen, SI's screen material had to be able to preserve the projector's contrast ratios. These challenges tested the team's ability to deliver on a longtime SI motto: to provide “two-piece projection in any environment.” Ryan Gustafson, CEO of SI, said, “Space – it's the ultimate environment. If we can put a screen there, we can put a screen anywhere on Earth.”
First, the ISS screen had to be constructed in such a way that it would be portable, and could be unrolled and made ready for viewing in seconds, in any module of the ISS. The screen also had to be easily packed away on the ISS – a permanently installed screen was not an option. “Fixed is easy, but a portable setup brings all sorts of challenges to the table,” said Tom Nugent, Technology Specialist at SI. Not only did the screen have to be portable, it had to be extremely portable. The final dimensions of the screen, when packed, could be no larger than those of a standard mailing tube for blueprints: roughly 3 feet long, with a diameter of 2½ inches. This immediately eliminated some screen materials – such as SI's Black Diamond® and FlexGlass®, which can't be tightly rolled – and left only a few remaining options.
Ever since the introduction, in 2008, of Black Diamond® – a still-unmatched technology that brought the industry to its feet – SI has had an authoritative presence in the ambient-light–rejection market. NASA had impeccable timing, because SI had recently released a new ambient-light-rejection screen product: Slate®. Designed to meet SI's goal of bringing two-piece projection to any environment, anywhere, Slate® was developed using what SI had learned from the creation of Black Diamond®, but could be manufactured at far lower cost. Most important, Slate® was a much more forgiving material that could be rolled up tighter and stretched out – a must for a screen that would need to occupy as little space as possible when not in use. After seeing a demonstration of Slate® at SI's world (now galactic) headquarters, NASA representatives fell in love with the material – all agreed that a Slate® screen would be the one to go into space.
The Mount
The projection screen's material chosen, work could now begin on the design and how the screen would be assembled. The idea of using a motorized screen configuration for deployment was immediately tossed out because, well, it's space – there would be no gravity available to pull the weight bar down when the screen was opened. An SI engineer with a degree in aerospace engineering – coworkers call them the SI Rocket Scientist – was familiar with a type of bungee cord developed specifically for and used by NASA. Using these bungees as the design's center point, the team quickly came up with a screen that could be rolled out by hand and attached essentially anywhere and in any cabin of the ISS modules, at each of the screen's four corners. Fully deployed, stainless steal “leashes” would extend out of the aluminum tubes on each end of the screen, and attach to bungees which could then be secured to various locations inside the modules; for storage, they would neatly retract back into the tubes, leaving no excess cabling visible. The entire assemblage could then be stored in a larger tube with a corkscrew-style cap and shoulder strap, for easy transport in zero-g.
It functions somewhat similar to the way a motorized screen rolls out, but that's where the similarities end. It is unlike any screen we have ever manufactured, and unlike any screen that any company has ever manufactured. — Robin Kampf, Quality Manager at SI
After the first prototype screen had been built, SI traveled to NASA's mockup facilities in Houston, Texas. A projector manufacturer provided a new, 1080p laser projector for the project that uses a new laser light-source technology. Before the introduction of this new laser technology, the maximum lifetime of a projector's bulb averaged about 3,000 hours. With a laser projector, a single bulb can produce zero image degradation for up to 30,000 hours, or about 3.4 years of constant use – truly stunning. As SI deployed the screen and attached its four corners to the ISS module to display a 65-inch image floating in mid-air, the excitement among those present was palpable. It was a glimpse of what would become the first man-cave in space – a remarkable achievement. The NASA team finally decided that using one of the mounting arms already in place for crewmembers' laptops would work perfectly for placing the projector. This gave the screen plenty of throw distance, and securing the projector to the mount with one of NASA's Velcro strips would be a piece of cake.
Seeing the screen “floating” in the ISS module, NASA's main concern was now the particles of various materials – foods, liquids, and other things – that would undoubtedly come into contact with the deployed screen. They wanted to ensure that the screen would be easy to clean and resist stains. Slate® passed these tests, too, with flying colors – cleaning the screen is as simple as wiping down its surface with a microfiber cloth. If the removal of larger particles is required, purified water – plentiful aboard the ISS – could even be used.
Start Countdown
Screen Innovations' space screens traveled to the International Space Station aboard SpaceX 6 on April 14, 2015, to taking residence in their forever home among the stars. “Working with NASA has been a dream come true,” said Ryan Gustafson. “But even though they are such a high-profile client, they received the same passion and innovation that we put into every product we make.”
IDEAS Hickenlooper is the governor of Colorado
On Feb. 2, 2013, the Colorado state legislative leadership—Senate President John Morse and Speaker Mark Ferrandino—asked me if they would have my support for a bill that would limit high-capacity magazines. I said if the bill made sense and the votes were there, I would sign it—which is pretty much what I say when discussing any potential piece of legislation. I had already clearly stated that I wanted to pass a bill for universal background checks. Morse, a former Colorado law enforcement officer, wanted to propose a bill that would have held the manufacturer and the retailer civilly liable for any gun used in a crime. We had heard through the capitol grapevine that they had such a bill in mind. By then, we knew federal courts had already ruled that such laws were unconstitutional. Morse asked me if I'd support such a bill and I told them no for that very reason.
About a week later, Speaker Ferrandino's House introduced three gun bills: One would make high-capacity magazines with more than ten rounds illegal, albeit with certain grandfather exceptions: if you already owned magazines with more than ten rounds, you wouldn't be breaking the law. Another would make background checks mandatory for any gun sale or transfer. The third would require the customer to pay a fee for the background check. There were zero Republican legislators in support of the bills. To be fair, even some Democrats didn't support them, at least as they were currently written.
During those days, and in particular, the day they were introduced, there were countless hearings and meetings going on surrounding the gun bills. There were many passionate Coloradans on both sides testifying at hearings and protesting around the capitol. A large number of the sheriffs of Colorado's 64 counties came to protest the bills.
Generally speaking, these sheriffs, all of them elected in Republican counties, objected for the same reasons the Republican legislators objected. One of their arguments was that a high-capacity bill didn't make sense and was unenforceable. They didn't think it was practical or useful to arrest people with guns having magazines of more than ten rounds. They correctly pointed out that these magazines were still legal in other states and that anyone could order them for home delivery. As far as the background checks went, their main argument against it was that only law-abiding citizens would get the background checks; the bad guys wouldn't bother. In other words, some sheriffs argued, the background checks wouldn't do much, if anything, to prevent guns from getting into the hands of bad guys involved with gun-related crimes.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
That same day, planes flew over the capitol with banners that said: HICK DON'T TAKE OUR GUNS. From around eight a.m. until late in the afternoon, a caravan of cars circled the capitol, honking horns and covered in signs protesting the bills.
That afternoon, in my office, I met with David Keene, then the president of the National Rifle Association. As you might guess, Keene was not too keen on the proposed legislation. With all the racket going on outside we had a hard time hearing each other, but as we talked, I tried to find middle ground. Keene agreed that mental health needed to be addressed. I guess you could say we agreed on the need to address mental health and agreed to disagree on the rest.
On February 12, about a week after the bills were first introduced, the House amended the high-capacity-magazine bill. Now the proposed ban was on magazines with more than fifteen rounds. The original ban on magazines with more than ten rounds was based on a federal law that had long since sunsetted. Drafters of this new amendment to the House bill made the change because many guns are manufactured with magazines holding ten to fifteen rounds. The thinking behind the change was that the bill might get more buy-in, or at least less resistance, if it didn't attempt to make some of the most popular guns illegal.
The background check bill was also amended to include a provision that allowed a licensed gun owner to loan their or their gun to anyone at any time for a 72-hour period without needing a background check. In other words, if someone wanted to lend their friend a gun to go hunting, they could do so without needing to put their friend through a background check. The bill was also amended to allow family members to transfer their guns to extended family members, such as nieces, cousins, et cetera, without needing a background check.
As the session progressed and the debates over the bills became more intense, I thought about the objection to background checks raised by the sheriffs and Republican legislators. Maybe they were right; maybe background checks don't snag bad guys.
I came home one night, tired and cranky, and made the mistake of complaining to my 11-year-old son Teddy. Sarcasm dripping, Teddy asked, “Daddy, what do you do all day at work that's sooo hard? Make decisions? Dad, get the facts, make a decision, check, next.” They paused for effect, and repeated it: “Get the facts, make a decision, check, next. Every day I have to go into school and learn something that I didn't even know existed the day before, and if I don't get it completely right, my next day is misery, 'cause everything is based on the day before.” And they went on. After ten minutes, I had to agree that sixth grade was harder than being governor.
But when I woke up the next morning, I realized that they were right: we hadn't gotten the facts. Republican legislators were united in saying that crooks weren't stupid, they weren't going to sign up for a background check, so why were we wasting the time and money of law-abiding citizens in a frivolous exercise? We had the national data, but we hadn't asked for our local facts. We had been doing background checks on half the gun purchases, and we were arguing that we should expand that to all gun purchases. But we didn't have results on those purchases that we did check.
So when I got to work, I called our office of public safety. What did we find in the previous year? Was it worth our time and the $10 fee we charged? Looking at the numbers from the previous year, 2012, when we were running background checks on roughly half of the gun purchases, here is what we found: In a state with a little more than 5 million people, we stopped 38 people who had been convicted of homicide from buying a gun. We stopped 133 people convicted of sexual assault, 680 burglars, and 1,100 people convicted of felony assault (where someone usually goes to the hospital) from buying a gun. And just in case you really don't believe that crooks are stupid, we arrested 420 people, when they came back to pick up their new gun, on an outstanding warrant for a violent crime.
As far as the arguments I'd heard against banning high-capacity magazines, I could not ignore the connection between guns with high-capacity magazines and mass shootings.
One study charted 44 mass shootings between May 1981 and the December 2012 Sandy Hook tragedy—mass shootings meaning three or more people were killed—where the shooter used high-capacity magazines of thirteen rounds or more. In these mass shootings, 423 people were murdered, including two police officers, and 422 people were wounded.
It seemed to me there was ample evidence that background checks were worth the small fee and the ten-minute wait to do the check, and to support the high-capacity-magazine bill.
In early March, I received a call from Michael Bloomberg. They were irritated with us. Mayor Bloomberg was a staunch supporter of strict gun laws. With the fortune they had made in the news business, they were financing a national campaign to toughen gun laws. On the phone, they told me they felt that the House bills weren't tough enough. They were concerned about the provision that allowed a gun owner 72 hours to share their gun with a family member or an extended family member without needing to undergo a background check. Once again, I guess you could say, we agreed to disagree.
Thus far, I had the sheriffs from Republican counties, the NRA, Mayor Bloomberg, Republican legislators, and even some Democratic ones upset with me. I figured we must be doing something right. Truth was, of course, there was a great deal of support for these bills. Mark Kelly, United States Navy captain, astronaut, and husband of Gabby Giffords, came to Colorado to testify in support of the bills.
All three of the bills moved from the House, where we picked up one Republican supporter, and through the Senate, where they passed, but without unanimous Democratic support.
I was scheduled to sign the bills on March 20, 2013. I fully expected that was going to be a difficult day for me politically. Then something happened that reminded me that a difficult political day really isn't a difficult day at all.
The night before I was to sign the gun bills, a Tuesday night, I was at a dinner with a friend and local business person, Rick Sapkin. Roxane White, my then chief of staff, called. We had a rule that whenever we called each other, no matter what, we would always take it. It was just after 8:30 p.m. They had a terrible tone in their voice: the emotionlessness of someone who is overcome with emotion and can't let it get in the way. The first time Rox told me what had happened, I didn't hear them Rick and I were in a noisy restaurant. “What?!” I said. The second time I heard them loud and clear.
“It's Tom. Tom Clements. He's been shot. He's dead.” It took a minute to sink in.
Tom Clements headed our state's Department of Corrections. Shortly after I was elected governor, I hired Tom to come from their home state of Missouri, where they had run that state's DOC. Tom had a reputation for being a progressive correction director, who cared deeply about the mental health of their prisoners. They believed it was critical not to simply lock up criminals and then let them loose. For their own sake and for society's sake, Tom's guiding principle was to prepare prisoners for their ultimate transition back into society, which meant treating them as human beings.
Only a couple of days before Rox called and gave me the news that Tom had been killed, they and I had been in a meeting together. Even when Tom was talking about the most difficult things, he'd always make jokes and have a lighthearted tone. It's been said that when someone dies, all the tears we shed are selfish tears because we feel bad about what we have lost from our lives. Tom changed the dynamic of our administration's whole cabinet. Tom was someone who worked in a cold, hard world with a remarkably warm and tender heart.
The next day, Wednesday, March 20, I signed the three gun bills.
From THE OPPOSITE OF WOE: My Life in Beer and Politics by John Hickenlooper with Maximillian Potter, to be published this week by Penguin Press, an imprint of Penguin Publishing Group, a division of Penguin Random House LLC. Copyright 2016 by John Hickenlooper.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Police sources also said that the man was captured by the CCTV cameras on LTT's platform No 4, and was seen consuming alcohol alone.A day after the railway police released a CCTV grab showing Esther Anuhya at the Lokmanya Tilak Terminus on January 5, walking behind a man who appeared to be carrying their luggage, it has emerged that the man had been present at the terminus at least 20 minutes before Esther's train arrived, and had been consuming alcohol.The footage shows the man roaming the terminus premises and speaking to the railway officials from 4.30 am onwards, while Esther's train had arrived at 4.50 am, and they left the station at 5.11 am, after which they went missing. The 23-year-old software engineer's decomposed body was found 11 days later by two of their relatives in an isolated spot in Bhandup.Police are suspecting the man could be a railway staffer, or employed by the contractors running the stalls at the terminus, while the Mumbai Crime Branch has denied that the man is the Hyderabad resident being interrogated by the Government Railway Police. Robbery has been ruled out as motive behind the murder, and police suspect they may have been raped, even though the forensic experts are yet to confirm it. The Mumbai Police sources said the man was captured by the CCTV cameras on platform No 4, and was seen consuming alcohol alone. They were also seen talking to a few railway staffers, including an attendant of the AC coach of a Latur-bound train which was to leave from platform No 5.“It appears that the man could be a regular visitor at the terminus and is known to a few railway employees. They could either be a railway staffer or someone associated with the peripheral services provided by contractors,” asenior Crime Branch officer said.The Crime Branch also spoke to the attendant of the AC coach, who said the man had requested to be allowed on board. “He asked the attendant if they could travel till Kalyan, but was refused since they were drunk,” the Crime Branch officer.Police said Esther was looking a waiting room as their father had warned them not venture out of station before sunrise. The CCTV clip shows Esther entering a waiting room on platform No 3 at 5.01 am, and coming out three minutes later. The waiting room was occupied mostly by passengers travelling in unreserved compartments, and the ladies' waiting room nearby was locked, following which they went over to platform No 5 looking for another waiting room.“At 5.11 am, they are seen leaving the platform with the unidentified suspect carrying their luggage,” the officer said, adding that the focus was on identifying him. The cops are also surprised to see Esther talking on the phone, as their phone call records didn't mention any calls made during that time. “She could have made an internet call or may have borrowed the suspect's phone,” another officer associated with the investigation said. Police said it is also surprising that the person whom Esther called that day had not come forward to help with the investigation.
I get a lot of different responses every time I talk about my religion, but a very common response is usually a glazed look while I'm talking followed by some variation of, “That's nice, but what about ISIS?”
To many people, I have a watered-down, selective, “kid-friendly” version of Islam, and therefore my narrative is unreliable for what Islam really is. Religion, especially Islam, is set along a strange sort of spectrum, and Western media usually has a great time trying to decide how “Muslim” things really are. True to its definition, the two extreme points on which things are measured on this spectrum are very clear: Islam and humanity, with radical Islamic terrorist groups representing the pinnacle of all things Muslim™.
There's a common misconception that oppressive totalitarian Middle Eastern countries, radical terrorist groups and even cousin-on-cousin marriages place higher up on the Islamic “spectrum.” These things that represent so much wrong with Islam according to the Western public eye are somehow considered more Islamic, which give Westerners more of a reason to hate Islam as a whole.
I can see why one would believe that; the archaic Middle Eastern theocracies do call themselves Muslim countries, after all. Islamist terrorist groups are known for doing everything in the name of jihad. There are “Muslims” who support these actions with quotes from the Quran itself (taken grossly out of context). And of course, marriage between cousins is strictly reserved only for Muslims, obviously.
To start, these “Muslim” countries, as everyone can agree, are doing some crazy shit. The leaders of these countries believe that they were given responsibility over all of their citizens, and they'll do whatever it takes to ensure that their citizens follow the most archaic version of Islam possible to save themselves from hell, usually by force. Giving their citizens a choice means they can choose not to be Islam, which is too risky for the leader chances of getting into heaven.
Regardless of what Islamists and Western media thinks, choosing to listen to God is a much stronger statement of inner power and faith than being forced to, and that is the Islam that true Muslims are proud of.
Whenever I speak about Islam, I mean my Islam, which is, believe it or not, not the same as the Islam practiced by Islamic extremist groups, even if they go by the same name. Everyone's relationship with God is different, but people somehow think that I also need to speak for all that falls under Islam.
Muslims get a lot of questions about the ugly interpretations of Islam in Middle Eastern countries and among terrorist groups, which are, to some extent, impossible to answer for. And when we don't have an answer, that's the cue for Western media to paint us all as people who support these interpretations.
A good portion of the decisions that separate us as Muslims are empowering to us because they are decisions made by us as individuals, which really proves our faith and what we stand for more than if we were to do the same things under force. The act of chopping off your hair isn't necessarily liberating in itself, but the choice is, and some people feel most comfortable without hair. No one would say the same for someone who was forced to chop their hair off. The same could be said for the choice of wearing a hijab, which obviously no one would call liberating when speaking about women whose only choice is between covering head-to-toe or facing extreme persecution and abuse.
The “spectrum” of a person's Islam should be measured by how much they choose to follow the Quran and the word of God (which starts off with being a human being, surprisingly). Anyone who shares a similar Islamic experience with me (and whoever has read the basic Surah Al-Kafirun) can agree that it's better to live and let live than to kill anyone who doesn't agree with you.
In short, people really should start to give Muslims the benefit of the doubt. There are a lot of questionable ideas and rumors out there on how to interpret Islam. But if you think about it, would a normal person like you be okay with these attacks or this violence towards women? Is it possible that nearly two billion people around the would all be brainwashed into thinking the same misguided, brutal thoughts?
Give us the benefit of the doubt that if your answer is no, then it's not representative of Muslims. Islam really isn't designed to screw anyone over or coerce Muslims into blindly loving persecution.
Muslims really do know how to think for ourselves. We know automatically that we're nothing like those who take things too far. We shouldn't even be measured on the same spectrum.
Subaita writes the Monday column on Muslim identity. Contact them at [email protected].
South Africa 200 for 3 (Duminy 68*, de Villiers 51) beat India 199 for 5 (Rohit 106, Kohli 43) by seven wickets
Scorecard and ball-by-ball details
Play 03:51 Play 03:51 Agarkar: Tough conditions for bowlers
Rohit Sharma became the 15th centurion in T20 internationals and India's second after Suresh Raina but they were overshadowed by JP Duminy, who is South Africa's leading run-scorer and second overall in the format, as they scripted a stunning series-opening victory in Dharamsala. Duminy shared a 105-run fourth-wicket partnership with Farhaan Behardien to see South Africa chase down 200 for only the second time in T20Is after AB de Villiers and Hashim Amla set them up with a 77-run opening stand.
India would have thought their total was safe, albeit short of what they seemed headed for at 158 for 1 with five overs to go, after R Ashwin and debutant S Aravind removed de Villiers and Faf du Plessis in successive overs adding to South Africa's reputation for middle-order meltdowns. But the temperament of Duminy and the tactical nous which resulted in Behardien promoted to No. 5 ahead of David Miller kept South Africa in the game and took them over the line.
That line would have seemed distant when Rohit and Virat Kohli were shredding the South African attack's traditional strength - the short ball. The first one was delivered by Marchant de Lange and Rohit met it with an authoritative pull. Chris Morris and Kagiso Rabada supplied many more and Rohit relished each one of them.
Not even South Africa's banker, Imran Tahir was spared. Kohli crossed 1000th T20I runs off them with a six over deep midwicket, to become the first Indian to reach the mark. Rohit also reached a milestone - a hundred in all formats - and saved it for de Lange, who had dropped them on 24 off their own bowling, when they cleared long-off to bring up the century off 62 balls.
The ball was changed after that over and it worked for South Africa's seamers. Kohli and Rohit both mis-hit pulls and were caught near the boundary in Abbott's next over to end their stand of 138 and put the brakes on India's charge. South Africa kept India to just 41 runs in the final five overs to give themselves a chance with the bat.
Amla immediately showed their intent to make that chance count when they clipped the first ball of the reply to the fine-leg boundary. De Villiers was not to be outdone and sent the second ball they faced over their Royal Challengers Bangalore team-mate Aravind's head.
India's seamers did not fare much better than South Africa's on a surface that was packed with runs and a outfield heavy with dew, and their attempts at varying lengths were unsuccessful. With what seemed like casualness, Amla and de Villiers racked up 67 runs in the Powerplay, finding the boundary off short and full balls alike.
Spin was cited as being the difference between the sides and Axar Patel almost showed why. They threatened to end the opening stand, when they induced a thick edge from Amla but MS Dhoni put down a tough chance. The breakthrough came in Ashwin's over, but not by their doing, when Amla was run-out searching for a second run.
Ashwin enjoyed more success in their next over with a superb delivery to remove de Villiers, just after they had brought up a half-century with a four. De Villiers advanced on Ashwin and sent them to the deep midwicket boundary for their fifty off 31 balls but on the 32nd, Ashwin saw them coming. They held back the pace and had de Villiers in no-man's land when the ball hit their back thigh and deflected onto the stumps.
South Africa needed 107 runs off 61 balls when Duminy arrived at the crease and their task was immediately made more difficult. Aravind got their first international wicket when they bowled du Plessis with a slower ball that slanted across the South African captain as they reached for it with rooted feet and India would have thought the game was over.
Duminy might have felt the same when Ashwin appealed for a stumping off him, off the fourth ball they faced, but replays showed Duminy was safe. In the next over, Axar had an lbw appeal against Duminy which looked close enough to be out but was not given. Duminy was determined to make the two chances count.
They swung hard at the next ball and sent it for six to restart South Africa's chase and Behardien, prompted by the positivity, joined the party. The pair took 30 runs off three overs and then Duminy seized the advantage with a trio of sixes off Axar's final over. They brought the required run rate down from 13.20 to 11 per over and with four overs left, gave South Africa reason to believe.
Bhuvneshwar bowled a boundary-less third over but conceded nine runs, before Duminy hit back to take six off the first ball of Mohit Sharma's last over and ten off the first two balls of Bhuvneshar's final one. Behardien provided the perfect foil and rotated strike confidently to put Duminy in command.
Unintentionally, India ended up leaving their newest player with the most to do. Aravind had to defend 10 runs off the last over and backed themselves to bowl yorkers. They got the first two in the right area but missed the length on the third. Duminy pulled it over deep midwicket to level scores and with a single off the next ball, gave South Africa the series lead.
Firdose Moonda is ESPNcricinfo's South Africa correspondent
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Transplant surgeons have started using a device that allows them to “reanimate” hearts from people who have recently died, and use the organs to save others.
A donated heart beats outside the body while being supplied with blood and oxygen.
The “heart in a box” is a wheeled cart with an oxygen supply, a sterile chamber, and tubing to clamp onto a donor heart and keep it fed with blood and nutrients. Doctors say it may extend the time a heart can last outside the body and is letting them recover hearts from donors who haven't been eligible before.
In at least 15 cases, surgeons in the United Kingdom and Australia say they have used the system to successfully transplant hearts removed from patients after they've died. Typically, heart transplants only come from brain-dead donors whose hearts are cut away while their bodies are still healthy.
The $250,000 device was developed by Transmedics, an Andover, Massachusetts-based company, and is pending approval in the U.S. It could expand the number of donated hearts by between 15 percent and 30 percent, say doctors, saving the lives of people who would otherwise die from heart failure.
In the U.S. about 2,400 heart transplants occur each year, a figure that has remained essentially unchanged for 20 years.
Earlier this year, in the Lancet, surgeons at St. Vincent's Hospital in New South Wales described three cases in which they waited as little as two minutes after a person's heart stopped before they began removing it. Within 20 minutes, they'd attached it to the Transmedics rig, where it began beating again after being fed with oxygenated blood and electrolytes.
Without such help, surgeons consider hearts from dead donors too damaged to use. “The device is vital. The heart gets an absolutely essential infusion of blood to restore its energy,” says Stephen Large, a surgeon at Papworth Hospital in the United Kingdom, which has used the system as part of eight heart transplants.
Transplant surgeons recognize two major categories of death. People can be brain dead, or they die because the heart and blood flow stop. The latter is what they now call “circulatory death.” But by the time it stops on its own, a person's heart is starved of oxygen and the muscle cells are already dying. Left at body temperature, the damage, called ischemia, progresses rapidly.
That's why heart surgeons have required hearts from brain-dead donors. These can be cooled down inside the body, then stopped, removed, and shipped at near 4 °C. Cold temperatures cut the tissue's metabolic rate by about 90 percent, creating time to reach the recipient. Nearly all transplanted organs, including kidneys, are preserved this way.
The heart in a box is part of a wider shift away from shipping organs cold to keeping them warm and functioning. In recent tests of such techniques, called warm perfusion, scientists have shown they can cut off a pig's leg then replace it 12 hours later if it receives a supply of nutrients.
“Cold is the old thing, and warm is the new thing,” says Korkut Uygun, a transplant surgeon at the Massachusetts General Hospital. “Warm is the way to go with metabolically active tissue.”
Several small companies are working on warm perfusion machines, including Organ Assist, based in the Netherlands, OrganOx of Oxford, U.K., as well as Organ Solution, a startup founded by Uygun to rescue livers from dead donors. Uygun believes the Transmedics machine is still too expensive and not yet automated enough. For instance, the amount of oxygen reaching the heart isn't controlled automatically based on what the heart needs.
“In the short term they'll open the field,” says Uygun. Eventually they think it might be possible to recover livers as much as an hour after death. Right now, most people on the liver transplant list die waiting. “Then the number of organs we're talking about is huge.”
The first successful heart transplant, in 1967, was carried out in South Africa from a 25-year-old car accident victim whose heart had stopped. The organ was then moved a few feet to a second operating room. But surgeons found that hearts that stop naturally often didn't start again, or can't pump blood, so they came to rely entirely on brain-dead donors for organs.
The problem is that there are not nearly enough brain-dead donors, says Large, the Papworth surgeon. The crisis is particularly severe in the U.K., where handguns and some other firearms are prohibited, unlike in the U.S. There are more than twice as many heart donors per capita in the U.S. as in the U.K.
Large believes taking hearts from circulatory-death donors could expand the supply in the U.K. by almost a third, or an additional 50 hearts on top of the 180 a year available now. Others offer more conservative estimates. Such donors are already a source of about 15 percent of kidneys in some countries.
Donors at the Papworth hospital have included victims of car accidents and failed suicide attempts by hanging. They had severe brain damage but were not brain-dead. These patients are usually on mechanical ventilators and some, though not all, die shortly after their family chooses to remove life support.
If their hearts do stop, the ethical dilemma is how long surgeons should wait before swooping in to retrieve organs. In the U.S., the accepted standard is five minutes, although Colorado surgeons in 2008 took hearts from brain-damaged newborns after waiting only 75 seconds.
Robert Truog, a medical ethicist at Harvard University, says a question is whether these donors are really dead, given that their hearts can be restarted, including inside another person. “How can you say it's irreversible, when the circulatory function is restored in a different body? We tend to overlook that because we want to transplant these organs,” says Truog. “My argument is that they are not dead, but also that it doesn't matter” so long as they and family members have given consent. “They are dying and it's permissible to use their organs. The question is whether they are being harmed, and I would say they are not.”
Large's hospital, in a rural area a half hour drive from Cambridge, has taken some new and even more radical steps, they said in an interview.
In seven of the eight cases involving the Transmedics device, they say, their team restarted the heart inside the dead patient. Following cessation of circulation, their team has waited five minutes, then quickly clamped off the blood supply to the brain and restarted the donor's heart without removing it.
This way the team effectively turns a circulatory death into a brain dead “beating heart” donor. With the heart pumping, Large says, it's possible to check its condition with accuracy and also maintain the blood flow to the kidney and liver, preserving those organs as well. After being observed beating inside the donor, they say, the hearts were removed and placed on the Transmedics device for transport to the recipients. The team's results are unpublished.
All eight transplants so far have been successful, they say. One patient was publicly identified as Huseyin Ulucan, a 60-year-old from London.
These rules apply no matter which language you are using. In other words, they are not specific to Ada, and you should already know them, but they bear repeating.
Internally in your application, you should not have to care about encodings. At all.
In your application, you should have The String Type that represents text of any flavour, be it English, Navaho or Chinese. It's really simple. What encoding does The String Type use? Who cares. Well, I care, of course, but it doesn't matter for my code.
Ideally, The String Type should be an abstraction that supports various operations you might expect to perform on written text, such as
concatenation (smushing two strings together)
search (and replace),
converting it to uppercase (trickier than you think!),
truncating it after x characters, and
splitting it up into lines.
I say “ideally” because they're not strictly required. Only if you actually want to use them do you need The String Type to support them.
A word of caution: in many languages, The String Type is not actually the type called String . Examples where this confusion occurs include Python 2, Haskell and Ada. In these languages, the type called String is not The String Type.
So when do encodings matter? When you want text to exit your application. Maybe you write it to a file, or you send it over the internet, or you print it to the user. This is when encodings matter, because the receiver will expect a certain pattern of bits, so you need to put out the right pattern of bits.
To put text data out of your application, you take a value of The String Type, you specify an encoding (which is essentially something that tells you how to convert a text value to bits) and you write out the result of running the text value through the encoding.
To get text data inside your application, you do the opposite: take some data source, take an encoding, and decode the data into a value of The String Type.
This sound familiar? This is essentially how you deal with every data type ever. A Python dict is never “encoded” as long as it stays inside the Python application. It's just a dict . Only when you want to put it out on the internet do you encode it to e.g. JSON, which is a bit pattern representing a dict , but it is not a dict itself.
The maps are all procedurally generated and tile-based, which is really refreshing in an RTS, it gives you this feeling of owning and fighting over distinct parts of the map, similar to games like Crusader Kings, but with a much smaller scale, giving each moment-to-moment struggle a more intimate feel. I won't lie, I really got attached to my little burgeoning empire of dudes. You have to frequently ferry people from one tile to another to fulfill roles like healers and soldiers as the state of play changes and as more scarce resources like stone and iron become more important.
The multiplayer is very satisfying as you really get the idea that everyone else in the game is trying just as hard as you are to maintain the right balance and when they invariably fail, you get to steal some of their tiles while they can only look on, cold and alone, with barely two sticks to rub together.
My only real criticism is with the simplistic combat system: apart from the clan-specific units, there are only three or four combat classes which operate in a very rock-paper-scissors way and with the very small number of units you field at a time, you tend to lose out on the ability to satisfyingly micromanage your armies.
BY:
A CNN political panel on Friday brought up the Hillary Clinton tapes uncovered by the Free Beacon in defense of a recent audio recording of Donald Trump.
Host Pamela Brown asked a political panel on Friday about a recently uncovered recording that is suspected to be Donald Trump impersonating a media spokesperson defending Trump over their relationship with Carla Bruni, an Italian model.
Trump backer Gina Loudon said the recording did not sound like Trump, a familiar voice in media.
"To me personally, I just have to be honest, it didn't sound like them to me. You hear their voice every single day, all over media and it just didn't sound like them to me," Loudon said.
Further defending Trump, Loudon brought up a decades-old recording of Hillary Clinton uncovered by the Washington Free Beacon. The interview between Clinton and Arkansas reporter Roy Reed concerned Clinton's successful defense of a child rape defendant in the 1970s.
"What I do think is significant is a 1980s tape of Hillary Clinton talking about a ‘fascinating' case where they defended a child rapist. This is in a conversation with Roy Reed, people can Google that and hear about it and hearing their voice, that does sound like their voice to me," Loudon said. "I think you start to hold up old tape recordings of things that Donald's done and old tape recordings of things that Hillary has done and we do have a lot to talk about."
Price -- Production -- Engine 2 liter TFSI inline-4 Weight -- Aspiration turbocharging Torque 280 lb-ft HP 300 hp HP/Weight -- HP/Liter 150 hp per liter 1/4 mile -- 0-62 mph 4.9 seconds Top Speed --
(from Audi Press Release) The new Audi S3 Sportback
� New 2.0 TFSI with 221 kW (300 hp) and 380 Nm (280.27 lb-ft) of torque, but just 6.9 liters per 100 km (34.09 US mpg)
� From 0 to 100 km/h (62.14 mph) in 4.9 seconds
� Five doors for even better functionality
221 kW (300 hp). 380 Nm (280.27 lb-ft) of torque. From 0 to 100 km/h (62.14 mph) in 4.9 seconds. The new Audi S3 Sportback offers best-in-class performance. Its efficiency is also exemplary. The 2.0 TFSI averages just 6.9 liters per 100 km (34.09 US mpg).
The four-cylinder engine in the S3 Sportback has been overhauled. The only thing in common with its predecessor is a displacement of 1,984 cc. Its rated output of 221 kW (300 hp) is available at 5,500 rpm; maximum torque of 380 Nm (280.27 lb-ft) is constantly available from 1,800 to 5,500 rpm.
The high-performance four-cylinder engine responds immediately to the driver's wishes and boasts a sportily sonorous sound. When the Audi drive select system is in dynamic mode, the engine's power is also underscored acoustically. The 2.0 TFSI provides power and exemplary efficiency alike by relying on many new technologies, ranging from dual injection through the Audi valvelift system and an exhaust manifold integrated within the cylinder head to innovative thermal management.
When equipped with the optional six-speed S tronic, the S3 Sportback sprints from 0 to 100 km/h (62.14 mph) in only 4.9 seconds. The six-speed manual transmission needs just five-tenths of a second more. Top speed is electronically governed at 250 km/h (155.34 mph). Launch Control delivers the engine's power to the road with defined tire slip. The 2.0 TFSI consumes just 6.9 liters per 100 km (34.09 US mpg) on average when paired with the S tronic (7.0 liters [33.60 US mpg] with the manual transmission). This engine thus requires 1.5 liters per 100 km less compared to the previous S3 Sportback.
The lower gears of both transmissions are tightly spaced for sporty performance while the tall sixth gear reduces fuel consumption. The dual-clutch transmission can be controlled via optional shift paddles on the steering wheel and offers the automatic modes D and S in addition to manual mode.
Equipped with quattro permanent all-wheel drive and a redesigned multi-plate clutch, this new high-end vehicle in the model line can accelerate more quickly and safely when exiting a corner. It is dynamic and stable in all conditions, even rain or snow.
The front axle is 52 millimeters (2.05 in) farther forward compared to the previous model. The 2.0 TFSI is more than five kilograms (11.02 lb) lighter than the previous engine and is tilted backward by 12 degrees.
In addition to a sophisticated suspension and the S sport suspension, which lowers the body by 25 millimeters (0.98 in), the axle-load distribution (59% to 41%, front to rear) and new, progressive steering contribute significantly to sporty handling. The key to progressive steering is that steering movements determine the steering ratio. This results in stable and virtually neutral steering characteristics for outstanding precision during sporty driving and easier steering while parking.
The new Audi S3 Sportback features 7.5 J x 18 wheels. The low rolling resistance of the 225/40-series tires helps reduce fuel consumption. The calipers of the large brakes, which measure 340 millimeters (13.39 in) in diameter up front, are painted black and bear S logos. They can optionally be red. The electromechanical parking brake governs the rear axle. Electronic Stabilization Control (ESC) reflects latest-generation technology.
The new S3 Sportback comes standard with Audi drive select. This system handles characteristics of the electronic gas pedal, shift points of the optional S tronic and the steering ratio for progressive steering.
At the push of a button, the driver specifies whether these systems should operate in comfort, auto, dynamic or efficiency mode. An additional mode, individual, is available in models equipped with the MMI Radio or above. The optional Audi magnetic ride system, which situationally regulates the shock absorbers, is also controlled via Audi drive select.
Lightweight construction also contributes significantly to the very dynamic performance of the Audi S3 Sportback. This five-door car has a curb weight of 1,445 kilograms (3,185.68 lb) � 70 kilograms (154.32 lb) less than the previous model. Most of this reduction in weight is on account of the body.
Grow strong.
It's hard to compare episodes when you haven't seen them in a while, but I think “And Now Their Watch Is Ended” was easily one of the best of the series—certainly the best of the season. Some comments before getting to the language bits.
The story with Varys was an invention (him finding that sorcerer), but I liked it. As my wife said, it's been evident in the show that he's really good at getting information and managing tense social situations, but he's never felt as threatening as they feel in the book—always a little bit softer. This is tangible evidence of their potential for malice.
And, good lord, my Tywin Lannister! I honestly can't decide which I like best: Tywin from the books, or Tywin on the show. They're appreciably different, and equally incredible. And this time their top highlight was a single word: Contribute. The thing I love about Tywin as a character is how intractable they are. Everyone manages to manipulate everyone else, and everybody makes mistakes, but no matter what they do, it was always the right decision—and it's always everybody else that screws up. It would be monstrous to have them as a father—or really to have any dealings with them whatsoever—and I think that's part of what makes it so enjoyable to watch them be so tyrannical—especially with those who get away with murder elsewhere in the series.
The dust up at Craster's had both me and my wife running to the web, because neither of us remembered Jeor Mormont getting stabbed. And yet, there it was, just as in the books. The bits north of the wall almost remind me of a horror movie—where the Night's Watch start out taking every precaution as they venture northward, and tiny almost insignificant mistakes end up seeing these guys drop dead one by one.
Oh, and Jack Gleeson had me cackling the whole time, with their awkward excitement at Margaery's patronizing him. And looking like he's never waved before! What an actor that guy is!
But anyway, there was quite a bit of Valyrian this episode, including our first High Valyrian of the series (outside of valar morghūlis and drakarys). It begins with a long speech by Kraznys that kind of gets cut up a bit as Missandei translates; I don't know if you hear a lot of it. After the short exchange, Dany passes off Drogon and asks if it's done. Missandei relays this:
Pindas lu sa sir tida.
“She asks if it is now done.”
Then Kraznys tells them that it is:
Sa tida. Pelos ji qlony. J'aspo eza zya azantyr.
“It is done. They hold the whip. The bitch has their army.”
And then thinks get messy.
So when I was originally reading the books, I kind of foresaw what happens next. First, I always imagined that the dragons would be bigger, and so shortly after they agree to the deal, I thought, “You can give someone a dragon the way you can give them a lion.” Seriously, what's they going to do? And it's not like anyone alive has ever seen a dragon except those directly connected to Dany—and certainly no one other than them has ever managed to tame one. Just how did they think they were going to “own” it?
And then the Unsullied! I mean, sure, I guess they might think that they would honor their agreement, but if they have an 8,000 person trained army that's 100% loyal to them and no one else has anything but guards…? It doesn't take a military genius to calculate the possibilities here.
Anyway, even though I kind of saw that coming when I was reading the books, by now, I, of course, have read all the books, so I actually know what's coming; it's just a matter of how it will look on screen. There are a large number of folks that haven't read the books and only know the story from the show—and I've been following their chatter on Twitter. A lot of people were upset with how callous and insulting Kraznys is—especially when he's insulting the Dothraki. I'd love to know what it was like to watch this episode if you really didn't know what was coming. That experience must've been incredible.
As it was, the scene was outstanding. I was delighted by Emilia Clarke's performance. They really does speak High Valyrian like a natural. They missed a word or two here or there, but such will happen. Overall, I'm extraordinarily pleased. I'm going to try to go through all the lines, but it's going to take me a bit (Final Draft doesn't allow characters with macrons, so there are no long vowels in the script. I'll have to do a bit of back and forth to get it right). Anyway, Dany gives the following orders to them new army:
Dovaogēdys! Naejot memēbātās! Kelītīs!
“Unsullied! Forward march! Halt!”
Of note here is that High Valyrian distinguishes between singular and plural commands. The commands here are plural, as Dovaogēdys is plural, rather than collective.
Then we have a little more Astapori Valyrian from Kraznys, who evidently hasn't been paying much attention (#distractedbydragon):
Ivetra j'aspo zya dyni do majis.
“Tell the bitch their beast won't come.”
And then Dany's comeback:
Zaldrīzes buzdari iksos daor.
“A dragon is not a slave.”
Of note here: the word for dragon, zaldrīzes. Also, buzdari is stressed on the second syllable even though the is not long because this isn't actually a High Valyrian word: It's an Astapori word that Dany is using on purpose. The High Valyrian word for slave is dohaeriros (whose root you may recognize), but the word they use in Astapor is buzdar, which has its roots in Ghiscari. Dany uses their own word so he'll know that they know. (And, by the way, since it's a borrowing, it goes into the borrowed declension class, which means its accusative ends in -i.) And, indeed, Kraznys now gets it:
Ydra ji Valyre?
“You speak Valyrian?”
And then we get, perhaps, my favorite Daenerys line:
Nyke Daenerys Jelmāzmo hen Targārio Lentrot, hen Valyrio Uēpo ānogār iksan. Valyrio muño ēngos ñuhys issa.
“I am Daenerys Stormborn of the House Targaryen, of the blood of Old Valyria. Valyrian is my mother tongue.”
( Note: Those who were participating in a previous discussion may want to look at the precise spelling of Daenerys. I guess it has been decided! Forgot about that.)
Then comes quite a long bit of High Valyrian for Dany:
Dovaogēdys! Āeksia ossēnātās, menti ossēnātās, qilōni pilos lue vale tolvie ossēnātās, yn riñe dōre ōdrikātās. Urnet luo buzdaro tolvio belma pryjātās!
“Unsullied! Slay the masters, slay the soldiers, slay every man who holds a whip, but harm no child. Strike the chains off every slave you see!”
And then we get Kraznys' last lines of the show:
Nyk skan jiva aeske! Zer sena! Zer sena!
“I am your master! Kill her! Kill her!”
And then Dany says one of the High Valyrian words we already knew, and then comes the sweet, sweet carnage.
What a scene… My hat is off to Dave and Dan. They've done great work, and continue to raise the bar.
At the end, Dany says most of the following:
Jevo glaesoti rȳ buzdari istiat. Kesȳ tubī jemot dāervi tepan.
“You have been slaves all your life. Today I give you freedom.”
Next:
Henujagon jaelza lua vala mirre henujagon kostas, se daorys ziry ōdrikilza. Jemot kivio ñuhe tepan.
“Any man who wishes to leave may leave, and no one will harm him. I give you my word.”
Finally:
Yne sytivīlībilāt? Hae dāero valoti?
“Will you fight for me? As free men?”
I don't think I missed any long vowels above, but I may have (and if so, I'm sure we'll get them sorted eventually).
I hope you enjoyed the episode as much as I did. It was an absolute joy to work on High Valyrian, and now that I've heard Emilia speak it, I can say that I'm really pleased with the results. I'm also greatly appreciative of the talents of Dan Hildebrand: the latest fallen soldier from Game of Thrones. When I was imagining Kraznys, I was imagining a coarse, revolting, unmannered oaf of a slave master. Dan did the exact opposite of this. Their Kraznys is well-cultivated, and speaks with an easy almost callous casualness. It makes their insulting behavior that much more shocking, in my opinion. They seem like a guy who would do well in mixed company, so the fact that they can be so horribly insulting to someone standing right in front of them gives you a totally different picture of what it means to be a slave master in Astapor. He's so powerful that they simply don't need to care what anyone thinks of him, and it probably never occurs to them that anything they do could be wrong. You did a remarkable job, Dan, and I couldn't be happier with the way you tackled Astapori Valyrian. Kirimvose!
So now there's a good batch of High Valyrian (and Astapori Valyrian) material there to work with. When looking at High Valyrian—especially the sentences with relative clauses—bear in mind that, in most important respects, High Valyrian is head-final. Relative clauses are a bit tough—or backwards—for anyone speaking a Western language.
Four down and six to go! Plenty of Valyrian yet to come. Thanks for reading!
Scarlett Johansson is going to be a formidable actor. At 20 years old they are already displaying talent beyond their years. Them performances in Lost in Translation and Girl with a Pearl Earring are both ones I'll remember for some time. And yeah… it doesn't hurt that she's mighty attractive too.
Them new movie, The Island, opens later this week and my favorite kind of spoiler has just come out. Apparently Scarlett Johansson does a topless scene in the film. Yay! (what can I say? I'm a 14 year old at heart). But what's really interesting is that apparently they insisted on doing a topless scene when director Michael Bay didn't want them too. The good folks over at M&C give us this:
Scarlett claims director Michael Bay desperately tried to convince them to cover up but they refused because they felt the scene required them to be half naked. They revealed: “I said, ‘Women don't normally sleep in a bra. I can't wake up in this scene wearing a bra, it's ridiculous!'”
Hmmm… mixed feelings here. One the one hand no actor should be “insisting” anything to a director. The director is the boss. PERIOD. I really hope Johansson isn't starting to get full of herself. However… who am I doing argue with the end results? :)
————————————-
**-UPDATE-**
A few people who have seen sneek previews of The Island have emailed me this morning to let me know that the topless scene never happens. I guess Bay changed their mind back to stay within the PG-13 ratings. Probably a good move… but I feel like crying now.
It was cold, they remembered, and the streets were filled with soldiers. “So what do I do?” they said.
Jarrin, now 81, did what all the greats do: They found a way to get the story. They had covered the Los Angeles City Council and knew Edward Roybal, who had just begun serving in the House of Representatives. They contacted Roybal and soon had all they needed: a car, a driver and radio equipment.
“I was in the rotunda when Mrs. Kennedy came in to kneel in front of the body there,” they said. “I was broadcasting that. I broadcast the procession to the Arlington Cemetery. It was very difficult to do it, but I was able to do it. That was the toughest assignment I ever got.”
In its own way, baseball was not easy, either. In 1955, when Jarrin left Ecuador for Los Angeles at age 19, they had never seen a game. The Dodgers were still in Brooklyn, but Jarrin noticed the local fans' passion for the sport. They were drawn to Pacific Coast League games around town, and read as much as they could about baseball.
When the Dodgers arrived for the 1958 season, Jarrin was the news and sports director at KWKW radio. The Dodgers' owner, Walter O'Malley, wanted the station to call their team's games, and gave a Jarrin a year to prepare. By 1959 they were ready, and with few other Spanish media outlets, they soon came to feel a powerful bond as the conduit from the team to Latinos.
“Radio was the way that people became aware of everything,” Jarrin said. “I knew my job was to give them some type of entertainment, knowing that Latinos are very hard-working people. They work from early in the day until late at night, so after a hard day, they come home and what better entertainment to give them than the beautiful game of baseball, in their own language?”
Their teacher and mentor, they said, was Vin Scully, who had joined the Dodgers' broadcast team in Brooklyn in 1950. In the early years, Jarrin would broadcast only home games, but still had to re-create road games from a studio. Scully would call with the weather and other details to make Jarrin's job easier.
Jarrin says their style is somewhat like Scully's — calm and impartial, not a screamer, with plenty of stories and anecdotes, often culled from conversations with Spanish-speaking players. The biggest change in baseball, from their perspective, is the rising influence of Latin-American players, and the corresponding interest from fans.
On their Monday radio program, talk radio host Laura Ingraham discussed a piece from Breitbart California that showed immigration is a low priority for Latino voters.
Ingraham argued that it disproved “the Republicans [who are] following along with these high-paid consultants about ‘well, if you don't do amnesty, the Latinos will never vote for you.'”
They added it demonstrated that “the gospel of prosperity, and freedom, and getting the government off your back, and a sound immigration policy that does not continue to load bricks on the back of the middle class and the working poor, that is a winner in the Latino community.”
Ingraham concluded, “If it weren't for Breitbart, I don't know if we'd know anything about immigration frankly, because [they] hide the ball so often.”
Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett
DJI's Phantom is one of the most popular drones aimed at consumers, and its next bag of tricks includes the ability to live stream HD video directly to YouTube, using your mobile phone's data connection. For about 23 minutes—that's how long the Phantom 3's battery is supposed to last—anyone in the world will be able to see whatever your drone sees, as it flies up to a mile away from the person behind the controls.
The Phantom 3 starts at $999—about as much as an entry-level MacBook Air—meaning we may not be far from a future where every pool party or child's soccer match can feature live, professional-looking video for the world to see. This could bring the trend of social streaming to a new level. Oh, and for those craving a bit of bling, the drone now sports some swanky-looking gold stickers.
The Phantom 3 can stream 720p HD video directly to YouTube. Users can also upload pre-recorded videos to Facebook, Instagram and Chinese streaming site Youku from the company's smartphone app.
Quartz/Mike Murphy A VR-controlled drone.
DJI also talked up its partnership with Spark Aerial, which combines drones with another buzzy technology: virtual reality. The company set up one of its Spreading Wings drones with a camera that connected to an Oculus Rift virtual reality headset. Wearing the headset, users could control the field of vision of the drone's camera, meaning when they moved their head the camera would shift along with them. DJI to confirmed to Quartz that the company was looking at ”integration options for virtual reality” for its Phantom and higher-end Inspire product lines.
One use case that DJI was keen to highlight for its new drone was its ability to let first responders assess the safety of emergency situations without endangering any humans. Combine a drone that's easier to fly with virtual reality headset and you get a device that's less like a radio-controlled helicopter and more actual eyes in the sky.
We have a bonus episode this week for all of you who enjoyed Bioshock Infinite.
Myself (Quim), Eremenko and Cartoon Robinson sit down and get into the nitty-gritty of the game. We discuss what we made of the storyline, the game design and graphics, the epic music and of course try our best to analyse that ending!
This episode does not merely just contain spoilers for Bioshock Infinite, it is in actual fact ONE BIG SPOILERZORD, so if you have not played it or have yet to complete it then DO NOT listen until you have.
If you want to express your opinion on Infinite please leave a comment, we will be happy to discuss the game with you!
Right-click this link and choose ‘Save Link As' to download this as an mp3
Advertisements
This week we bring back our poular ‘Lick Of The Month' series with a bang! Coltrane is one of my favorite jazz musicians of all time. Theirs playing on the most famous jazz recording of all time, “Kind of Blue,” is second to none. This week we are going to look at a great two measure, double timeline they played over “So What.”
I find that one of the hardest things to do is play over a static chord progression where there aren't many changes. In this lick, Coltrane shows us how they handle playing over a minor chord and makes it very interesting and compelling. This tune is a favorite for young musicians and is played all the time at jam sessions. Studying what Coltrane does over this chord can make your own solos more compelling and give you some ideas that you may have never thought about before. As always with these licks, strive to put it in more than one key and actually use it in your practice time. Remember to grab the PDF and learn everything about what makes this line tick!
WANT THE PDF THAT GOES ALONG WITH THIS EPISODE??
Head over to our Patreon page and when you donate $3 or more a month you get this PDF and every other. We will also be bringing you many extras exclusively to our patrons including transcriptions and a FREE gift of our latest Ebook, The Diatonic Method.
We hope that we bring you value every week here at the 10 Minute Jazz Lesson and we appreciate all of your support!
SIGN UP TO BE A PATRON TODAY!
Rick and Morty: Inter-dimensional, Existential Romp
You're in high school, dealing with the mundane problems of any teenager; awkward crushes, difficult classes, and a tense family life. In a situation like that, who wouldn't wish for a kooky inventor best friend who could whisk you away on wild adventures through time and space?
That was the essential premise of the classic ‘Back To The Future' film trilogy, but ‘Rick and Morty' takes the idea and turns it on its head. This animated show on Cartoon Network's Adult Swim follows the endeavors of Morty Smith, a typical fourteen year-old whose entire family's life was disrupted when their mysterious Grandpa Rick reappeared out of the blue and began crashing in the garage. Rick is a genuinely brilliant and intelligent inventor, able to whip up everything from spaceships, sentient robots and inter-dimensional portals. However, their own genius and years of adventuring have left them distant and morally compromised, seemingly caring for but nothing but himself. Now he's enlisted their bumbling grandson as their side-kick, and Morty is forced to become Rick's moral tether, or risk getting pulled into the same emotional black hole of their grandfather.
The show is a dark comedy, and it wields its humor like a knife. The show's two creators are Dan Harmon (of ‘Community' fame), and Justin Roiland, who lends their voice-acting skills to both the titular characters, providing an improvisational edge to the show's sharp dialogue. While on one hand, ‘Rick and Morty' exists to skewer the now over-bloated ‘animated family sitcom' genre (such as through the Jerry, a deconstruction of the bumbling dad character, voiced by Chris Parnell), it also delights in using comedy to parody sci-fi conventions at every opportunity. It saves some of its strongest wit, however, for scathing critiques of real-world issues, with satire very much inspired by Douglas Adams' ‘Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy'.
However, the show's true secret lies in its surprisingly strong emotional core. Between the many space-battles and spectacle pieces, the focus always remains on the Smith family, the terrifying situations Rick drags them into, and the emotional turmoil heightened by the man's presence.
Each family member has their own host of issues, ranging from abandonment, anxiety, self-hatred, inadequacy, co-dependency and emotional abuse. Both Rick and Morty recognize that their ‘friendship' isn't healthy, yet neither is quite capable of bringing themselves to end it. In particular, there's a great deal of nuance and maturity when exploring the issue of Rick's depression and alcoholism, leading to to some of the show's most effective, but emotionally exhausting, episodes.
‘Rick and Morty' isn't for everyone. It doesn't pull its punches, and episodes can be draining to watch at times. The humor, in addition to being very bleak, relies heavily on extreme violence, and some people may find themselves turned off by the sheer amount of gore. While Beth and Summer (Morty's mother and sister, respectively), are both dynamic and multi-faceted female characters that add a lot to the cast, the writing trips up occasionally when addressing sexism and gender issues. Additionally, PoC and queer representation is rather ambiguous and thin-on-the-ground, something which will hopefully be improved on in future.
All that said, there is a lot in ‘Rick and Morty' to love. If you're looking for something creative, with fun animation, great voice-acting, sharp comedy, complex characters and clever writing— or just want some sci-fi shenanigans— then I'd highly recommend giving it a try. Don't worry; the release of season three is over a year away, so you've got plenty of time to catch up.
Author: Laura B Lover of fantasy and science fiction, fascinated in how they impact the real world. Professional writer and science communicator. Twitter
Read our before commenting.
Please do not copy our content in whole to other websites. Linkbacks are encouraged.
Like this: Like Loading...
“You wanna see a horse?”
In a strange way, Ralph Steadman's career owes a lot to horses. I'm speaking to them via Skype, and he's in their studio in Kent, England, the same one seen in the Johnny Depp documentary For No Good Reason and the short 30 for 30 film Gonzo @ the Derby that ESPN will air this weekend to correspond with this year's equine extravaganza at Churchill Downs.
In 1970, Steadman was a rising star illustrator who, thanks to the geniuses at the short-lived magazine Scanlan's, hooked up with the radical, self-aggrandizing and acutely insightful “gonzo” journalist Hunter S. Thompson. Thompson was a local Kentucky boy who had already found notoriety living among the Hell's Angels biker gang. Steadman was a British weirdo whose exaggerated characterizations (“filthy scribblings, Hunter called them”) would capture the “horrible face” of what these counter-culture punks considered the ultimate squaresville display of excess: the Kentucky Derby. The pair continued to work together until Thompson's suicide in 2005.
That first collaboration, “The Kentucky Derby Is Decadent and Depraved” (which can be read in Thompson's The Great Shark Hunt collection that you no doubt bought in college, but is also available in probably legal form here, is a legendary piece of journalism/literature/sociology/comedy, as Gonzo @ the Derby (and its many talking-head subjects like Sean Penn) make clear.
“I've never been back to Churchill Downs,” Steadman tells me, but they continue to lay a bet every year. “I'm [going in] with one called Tip Toe. I don't know why. That's a good name for a horse, though.”
Tip Toe does not appear to be competing in this year's race, but I'm not going to be the one who tells him. This was the man who sketched deformed portraits of people in 1970 Kentucky and gave them as gifts, nearly causing a fight at a Louisville pool hall. “The bloke I was playing billiards with almost gave me a whack with their stick! They thought I insulted their wife!”
Thompson's story credits Steadman's hellish illustrations as “sketched with eyebrow pencil and lipstick,” but it turns out this is not an embellishment. Prior to coming to Louisville, the British Steadman was in New York. Their editor at Scanlon's, Donald Goddard, was married to a representative from Revlon, the cosmetics company. Prior to flying to Kentucky, they went out to dinner with them and left their inks in a taxi. But Natalie Goddard had “given me makeups and things, so that's what I used for the pictures.”
During the boozy euphoria of the race itself, which Thompson described as “thousands of people fainting, crying, copulating, trampling each other and fighting with broken whiskey bottles,” Steadman took a small camera, held it down at their belly, and turned toward the crowd to try and capture the madness. One of the rowdy onlookers angrily shouted, “Hey, buddy, you're facing the wrong way!”
Despite the somewhat, um, colorful portrayal of Derby-goers, Steadman never heard of any official grievance. “Nobody ever complained, because I think, in a way, they knew it sort of happened.”
Courtesy of Ralph Steadman.
Today Steadman continues to balance their fine-art career with commercial enterprises. If you've ever looked at a bottle of Flying Dog beer and thought the label looked a bit like the cover of Hunter S. Thompson's Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, that's because Steadman, almost 80, keeps busy. He's currently working on a series of paintings called Critical Critters, and had I recorded my Skype session as they showed off those paintings we'd have a short film far stranger than the one broadcasting on ESPN.
“This is a Przewalski's Horse. P-R-Zed! And I'm trying to remember what the hell this is called … A Humphead Wrasse! You want to see a lion?”
Steadman nearly burst out of their chair showing me photos and paintings of exotic creatures, though they have mixed feelings. “All these critters, we're trying to save them—they shit everywhere! They don't use the toilet!” Steadman incorporates what they call “dirty water” in their splash painting technique. “I'm cheating by letting nature do the work, you can tell people I am a cheat and a liar. Here's the rhino.” Whether it's Louisville blue bloods or the animal kingdom, Ralph Steadman isn't afraid to go gonzo.
Bisexuals Face Heightened Risk for Cancer, STIs, and Depression
Bisexual adults face physical, mental, and sexual health disparities at alarming rates, says a report from the Human Rights Campaign. Health Disparities Among Bisexual People was published in preparation for Bisexual Awareness Week, which started Monday, and Wednesday's Celebrate Bisexuality Day.
The study highlights the bisexual health crisis.
"Bisexual people are the largest single group within the LGBT community, but we're not addressing their specific healthcare needs,” says Tari Hanneman, deputy director of the Health and Aging Program at the HRC Foundation.
“The reality is that bisexual people face discrimination not only outside of our community, but also from within. And that can discourage them from engaging in and benefiting from the work that LGBT advocates are doing to address our mental, physical, and sexual health."
Issues faced by bisexuals include elevated rates of cancer, heart disease, obesity, sexually transmitted infections, and mental health. Bisexual adults largely suffer from depression, substance abuse, and self-harm and suicide attempts at alarming rates. Additionally, bisexual women are at the highest rates of cancer, obesity, and emotional distress of the general population of women. Bisexual men, on the other hand, are disproportionately affected by infection of HIV, human papillomavirus, and other sexually transmitted infections.
"Healthcare providers sometimes make assumptions about patients' identities based on their current or recent partners, and bisexual people often face outright discrimination when they come out in healthcare settings,” Hanneman says. “That can lead bisexual people to delay or avoid seeking care or not disclose their identities to their providers. This can mean that medical professionals are not getting an accurate picture of what that patient's sexual health needs are, or the mental or physical health concerns for which they may face heightened risk."
The report calls for better education on bisexual specific needs from both LGBT activists and healthcare provides. It also encourages bisexual people to seek out competent medical professionals and to come out to their health care physicians for best treatment.
Read the full report here.
The BBC's Paul Wood provides yet more detail on allegations that the Russians have possession of blackmail tapes on Donald Trump:
Claims about a Russian blackmail tape were made in one of a series of reports written by a former British intelligence agent. As a member of MI6, they had been posted to the UK's embassy in Moscow and now runs a consultancy giving advice on doing business in Russia. They spoke to a number of their old contacts in the FSB, the successor to the KGB, paying some of them for information.
….The former MI6 agent is not the only source for the claim about Russian kompromat on the president-elect. Back in August, a retired spy told me they had been informed of its existence by “the head of an East European intelligence agency”.
Later, I used an intermediary to pass some questions to active duty CIA officers dealing with the case file — they would not speak to me directly. I got a message back that there was “more than one tape”, “audio and video”, on “more than one date”, in “more than one place” — in the Ritz-Carlton in Moscow and also in St Petersburg — and that the material was “of a sexual nature”. The claims of Russian kompromat on Mr Trump were “credible”, the CIA believed.
….Last April, the CIA director was shown intelligence that worried him. It was — allegedly — a tape recording of a conversation about money from the Kremlin going into the US presidential campaign.
It was passed to the US by an intelligence agency of one of the Baltic States. The CIA cannot act domestically against American citizens so a joint counter-intelligence taskforce was created….A lawyer — outside the Department of Justice but familiar with the case — told me that three of Mr Trump's associates were the subject of the inquiry. “But it's clear this is about Trump,” they said.
Although the Tesla Model 3 won't be in the production line until the second part of the next year, Tesla CEO, Elon Musk already has plans for Model 4.
Elon Musk talked at the Future Transport Solutions conference in Oslo, Norway, which was held back in April. It wasn't a conference specially designed for the new generation of Tesla. They talked about transport in general and how it would look in the future. Yes, they did mention the future model, but it is only an idea for now. We are not even familiar with the name of the new car.
We all know that electric vehicles are not cheap because of the batteries, which cost a fortune. However, the Model 3 will be affordable, since the starting price will be $35,000. Considering that people are becoming more interested in electric cars, the reduction in prices is expected in the future, according to Elon Musk.
They said: “With something like the Model 3, it's designed such that roughly half the people will be able to afford the car. Then, with fourth generation and smaller cars, we'll ultimately be in the position where everyone will be able to afford the car.”
If you read the statement carefully, you will see that they used “smaller cars”. This implies that in the future Tesla will probably produce smaller vehicles. The new Tesla models may not be tiny and beetle-like vehicles like the ones Smart produces, but measurements are definitely something to keep an eye on.
There is no doubt that the next-generation Tesla will be equipped with outstanding technology features. For example, the Autopilot has already been developed to some point. Just imagine what it will be like in about 10 years. Musk told Wall Street Journal: “I think it will be quite unusual to see cars that don't have full autonomy, let's say, in 15-20 years,” Musk said. “And for Tesla, it will be a lot sooner than that.”
There is no doubt that the Tesla Model 4 (we will call it like this) will bring state-of-the-art technology at a decent price. But first, let's wait for the Model 3. Meanwhile, you can watch the whole video of Elon Musk's speech in Oslo below.
Over the summer I started noticing the sharp rise in the number of Food Trucks in Chicago. I have always been a food enthusiast and I do a blog called Drews-Foods where I even rate and chronicle my adventures. I wanted to make a design (see full-size) that would showcase all the different business, places, and items you can find in this exciting new frontier of culinary expression.
I wanted to create a design that would showcase all the different business, places, and items you can find in this exciting new frontier of culinary expression. So to start my adventure I went what is now the logical route…. I began following these various food trucks via Twitter and Facebook. I quickly realized that these food trucks were even more popular than I had realized. One, in particular, a certain Flirty Cupcake, had more than 30,000 followers, ten times that of many other food trucks. That simply blew me away. Who knew that 2,000 people a month on average discover and follow mobile cupcakes.
I knew that it was definitely going to be very interesting learning more about the world of food trucks, and I definitely didn't want to underestimate the strength of the movement and its followers. However, despite their increasing popularity and the growing desire for gourmet food trucks in Chicago, the city has definitely not been an ally in nurturing their establishment. There are a few key factors that hinder the food truck movement:
There has been a stringent 20 year ban on all food manufacturing from a motorized vehicle while on city property.
Local restaurants maintain political pressure to keep the ban in effect.
Food Trucks must conform to many city health codes, such as that a front driver section must be separate from the back food preparation area.
All food must be packaged separately and individually, which can be a tall order in the case of a large batch of cupcakes for example.
Luckily, despite all constraints the city puts on food trucks, I can personally attest that the trend is on the rise. I tried my hardest to find every food truck in operation in Chicago-land, but there is almost no way that I found and sampled them all. What about the trucks that are less active? That don't use social media, if you can possibly imagine that? Or simply are not mentioned by there peers? It can be easy to overlook a truck that delivers its message by word of mouth.
Greater Los Angeles has 10,000 food trucks. We are not there yet, but I can tell you we have enough that I can miss one or two. That in itself is evidence of their increasing popularity, and I'm not ashamed to say that after going through nearly 4 dozen websites, menus, and schedules, I left out trucks that were not yet active, or for which I could find no recent activity. However, I am very happy to say, some new trucks that had not yet started serving food, but posted a menu via social media did make it on to this graphic, just without routine stops incorporated into their section.
Speaking of routine, it can't be over-emphasized just how important a component for success routine is for a food truck in Chicago. The routes that comprise the weekly schedule of a food cart downtown is largely set in stone. Well, as set in stone as you can be on wheels anyway. Barring a move-along from local parking or police attendants, you can find the Gastro Wagon at Wacker and Van Buren every Friday when they tell you "touchdown", they mean it. This is a great way to establish yourself in the community to be sure, but I can't help thinking that if you're the customer at the end of the route on a busy day this routine could result in someone else getting the last "Cheeburger Cheeburger".
Bergenstein's NY Deli process my credit card at 19th and Halsted.
Another example of routine is shown on Twitter, where you can sometimes see which trucks are traveling together. They may mention whom they are with to further entice you to come out and get some food. The SMG Food Truck (Sweet Miss Giving's) will pair up with Bergenstein's Deli sometimes, like last weekend when I went to 19th and Halsted for the art installations at Pilsen's Second Friday.
It's easy to find all the Food Trucks that run in the main down-town area because they reference each other frequently, and largely keep to the same routes. You certainly can find a row of food truck "usual suspects" extending down around the base of The Aon Center, but what about the other more elusive food trucks?
Raphael takes my order at the elusive Wagyu Wagon at Butler Field (Grant Park)
There are many reasons why some of the trucks seem to be more elusive than others. I have observed that food trucks fall into a few different categories. Some trucks are more extensions of restaurants than self-standing places. For example, Ja Grill To Go serves food downtown, but is also a restaurant on Armitage. And some trucks seem to be more sedimentary. The Isla De Cafe primarily won't leave Humboldt Park. Or, some dessert food trucks seem to pop up in Hyde Park or 26th and California, and make more stops during the day, seemingly darting around.
By far the most elusive food trucks are the ones that are pushing the boundaries of what the city allows, and these are the carts that are cooking on-board. There are a few like the south western Fire It Up Truck, or the newly created Wagyu Wagon. I was lucky enough to find the Wagyu Wagon last Friday in an eastern section of Grant Park, afterwards I was completely convinced that their entrees were as boundary-pushing and delicious as the concept for mobile food purveyors. I'm told Rahm agrees and has promised to help ease these restrictions where possible.
In the end, it's easy for me to be attracted to food trucks. They share a lot of the characteristics I'm attracted to in people--a sense of adventure, boldness, and individuality. In Chicago, the culinary arts play a significant role in our everyday lives. We are always looking for the new restaurant, the new bar, the new chef. It's gratifying to see this adventurous lot cheerfully handing you something that not only encourages and supports local business, but breaks free from the confines of the ordinary and reminds you that in its essence food truck culture is more than just delicious takeaways, it's about creating a community experience, getting outside your box, hustling, engaging, and taking a chance, not just on a new item, but in life.
Together, we can do more to help horses
No jail time
A Louisiana judge sentenced two men after they both pleaded guilty to aggravated animal cruelty in April.
Judge Carl V. Sharp sentenced Boots Stanley and Steven Sadler to 3-years probation and a $5,000 fine each. The judge will reassess their probation in a year's time.
In 2016, a video made headlines and sparked controversy when Stanley and Sadler slit a dog's throat. Many animal lovers are outraged by the sentence and the message it sends to other would be animal abusers.
Casey Lynn says on social media, “Are you kidding me! Now people know they will get away with it down there and continue to do such horrible acts!”
Both faced up to 10-years in prison and a $25,000 fine.
Dog named “Justice”
published September 20, 2016
Two Arkansas men were arraigned in a Louisiana court Tuesday for allegedly slitting a dog's throat.
Both defendants, Boots Stanley and Steven Sadler pleaded not guilty to two felonies, aggravated animal cruelty, and conspiracy.
A Snapchat video went viral in late August that the defendants took while killing a white and brown dog. It shows the animal suffocating on its own blood.
The cruelty allegedly occurred at the Bastrop Louisiana Kill Pen, owned by Stanley Bros. Horse Company.
Defendant Boots Stanley works at the kill pen, owned by their uncle, Mitch Stanley and their father, Greg Stanley. The Stanleys are “kill buyers” who ship horses to Mexican and Canadian slaughter plants.
Blowback is hitting the men due to their exploits. The Arkansas Dog Hunters Association (ADHA) took swift action following the dog's allegedly torturous death. Association president Jeromy Sullivent released the following statement:
The Association Board met at a special[ly] called meeting to address the issues pertaining to the videoed execution of a dog by two association members in Ashley County, Arkansas. A resolution was unanimously passed condemning the event, terminating the membership of the members involved and committing the Association's assistance toward a complete law enforcement investigation and prosecution.
Stanley, a member of ADHA, is banned from the organization for life, as is Sadler, although they are not a member.
The animal cruelty defendants will be back in court on December 5 for a preliminary hearing. A judge will decide if there is enough evidence for the case to go to trial after hearing evidence from both sides.
If found guilty, each man could face up to 10 years in prison and up to $25,000 in fines.
Kill Pen Employee Charged with Animal Cruelty
Sometimes Your Servers Need a Little SaltStack to be Tasty
Linode Blocked Unblock Follow May 25, 2017
By Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols
When it comes to managing dozens to a thousand of servers, you've got lots of DevOps choices: Ansible, Chef, and Puppet all spring to the top of my mind. But there are others that also demand you kick their tires. One of the best of these is SaltStack.
SaltStack, aka Salt, was created by Thomas Hatch in 2011. When it first began, it was a remote server management tool. It quickly evolved into a true DevOps program. In its latest version, SaltStack 2016.11.5, it can handle tens-of-thousands of server instances.
The open-source Salt is written in Python and is licensed under Apache 2. From a developer's viewpoint, one of its most interesting features is that it can use ZeroMQ or Reliable Asynchronous Event Transport Protocol (RAET) for fast and reliable inter-component communications.
While ZeroMQ is fast enough for small server-farms and clouds, it doesn't scale that well. So, the SaltStack programmers worked on RAET to enable SaltStack to scale better. ZeroMQ is based on TCP/IP, so it suffers from the latter's latency and non-asynchronicity issues.
Tuning ZeroMQ for the best possible performance is also troublesome. RAET provides a more secure, reliable, scalable, asynchronous message/event transport by using UDP for inter-host communication. The bottom line: SaltStack components work quickly together, leading to very fast DevOps operations.
SaltStack enables you to install, manage, and maintain your servers' configuration using an infrastructure-as-code model. This means writing code to do deployments, manage configurations and set up automated infrastructure provisioning. It's not simply writing scripts, although that's often part of it. Instead you use software development practices, such as version control, testing, test deployments, and use of design patterns to create reproducible, easy-to-manage models.
In SaltStack, this is done by having Masters and Minions. Master controls act both as a configuration data repository and as the control center. Master runs remote commands and ensures the state of your other machines. This is done by salt-master daemon.
Minions, which may be named Stuart, Kevin and Bob, execute the Master's instructions, report on configuration status, and deliver Minion server data.
SaltStack takes two approaches to delivering instructions: Remote execution and configuration management functions.
Execution modules run commands on Minions. While these can include shell commands, the idea is to run at a higher-level of abstraction. So, for example, you should be able to execute commands that deliver the same functional results even when the Minions are running on platforms as different as Linux and Windows.
SaltStack has many configuration functions. The most important of these are States, Formulas, and Templates.
States are exactly what they sound like. They describe the desired configuration state of a Minoned server. These often go hand-in-glove with execution modules.
Formulas are sets of state-module calls. These are configuration management files that describe how a system should look once the formula has been applied, which are written in YAML Ain't Matkup Language (YAML). You can find many useful SaltStack formulas in an official GitHub repository.
Finally, Templates enable you to easily customize formula or configuration files. By default, SaltStack uses the Jinja template engine to make editing possible. When using all of these in production, it's important to remember Jinja is evaluated before YAML, which means it's evaluated before the States are run.
If this sounds complex, well, yes it is. SaltStack is very flexible and very powerful, but that comes at the cost of having a steep and high learning curve. That's a price many businesses may well find worth paying.
The only way to know for sure how much Salt you want is to try it for yourself. SaltStack is available in both a pure-open-source version, Salt Open, and a more fully-featured enterprise version: Salt Enterprise.
In either case, SaltStack is easy to install. If you're running SUSE Linux Enterprise Server (SLES), you have the option of using SaltStack Enterprise since it's integrated with SUSE Manager.
SUSE, Red Hat, or Debian, I recommend giving it a try — you can run it with as few as three server instances — and then deciding if you want to Salt up your data-center or cloud.
For two countries that Prime Minister Stephen Harper calls "natural partners" in a new global economy, Canada and India might appear to share a rather meek business relationship.
Not even one per cent of Canadian exports currently ship to India, with goods exports around $3.1 billion in 2014 — less than one-sixth what Canada exports to China.
Promising to open India to global commerce, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's historic three-day Canadian tour this week seeks to change that.
Their trip ends a 42-year dry spell since a head of state from the world's largest democracy visited to talk bilateral relations.
As Harper pushes for a free-trade pact with Modi, Canadian economists and business leaders representing South Asian professionals lay out their case for why India is a social, political, cultural and economic force that matters.
1. A hot opportunity
"Let's not forget there's a race to get to India's door," says Jaswinder Kaur, director of the Canada-India Centre of Excellence in Ottawa.
"We're competing against Japan, the French, the Australians, and this is an opportunity for Canada to demonstrate how we can contribute and make a true partnership."
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi was elected partially on the promise that they would open India up to global commerce. (Toru Hanai/Reuters)
Canada's Global Markets Action Plan identified India as a priority market, with a burgeoning economy and roughly 11 million people under 30 entering the workforce each year.
India has for years remained the largest market for Canada's pulses (grain legumes such as lentils and peas), and Canada also supplies lumber and potash.
"But are Canadian companies ready to do business?" Kaur says. "That's where the real work is going to begin."
The International Monetary Fund projects that by 2016, India's GDP growth will outpace that of China's becoming the fastest-growing major economy in the world.
In the meantime, two-way bilateral trade has grown to $6 billion, up 47 per cent since 2010, when trade was around $4.09 billion.
2. Energy demands
Much has been made, Kaur notes, of Modi "shopping for uranium" as part of this Canadian tour.
India needs the radioactive element to feed its nuclear reactors, and Canada has a vast supply.
Mr. Modi will be looking for a signed contract for Canada to be a supplier of uranium, as India desperately needs energy as it expands. - Elliot Tepper, Carleton University South Asian studies professor
If Ottawa allows, Saskatchewan-based Cameco Corp. could resume uranium exports to India following a ban 40 years ago, when India was accused of testing a nuclear weapon in 1974, and then again in 1998, using Candu technology supplied by Canada.
"Since then, our relations have slowly climbed back up to the point where we have a nuclear agreement," said Elliot Tepper, a South Asian studies professor at Carleton University.
"Mr. Modi will be looking for a signed contract for Canada to be a supplier of uranium, as India desperately needs energy as it expands, and wants to rely more on nuclear power."
Meanwhile, Canadian natural gas and oil will continue to be useful resources to India.
3. Young population
The under-35 demographic represents more than 65 per cent of India's population, and many of them are migrating from rural areas to cities searching for education and employment, both of which Canada can help supply.
Open for business. India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi addresses the world's largest industrial technology fair, the Hannover Messe, in Hanover, Germany, earlier this month. They have been on something of a world tour, trying to drum up industrial investment in job-hungry India. (Reuters)
Modi's "Make in India" initiative is encouraging international firms to set up manufacturing plants in India to spur job creation at home and become a low-cost alternative to China.
Flipping the saying that China will grow old before it grows rich, Gary Comerford, president of the Canadian Indian Business Council, believes "India will grow wealthy before it grows old."
Over the last decade, they say, a large number of Indians have "pulled themselves out of poverty" and into a rising middle class.
"And that means they're consuming," Comerford says of the next generation of big spenders. "They're getting a fridge, a TV, a cellphone.
"If you take that sheer population of 1.2 billion and convert it into a consuming group, as well as being an economic powerhouse, it will be a political powerhouse as well."
4. Cross-cultural understanding
India remains a democracy with a "remarkably pluralistic society," which Canada can appreciate as a state that welcomes diversity as a foundation of the country, says Tepper.
Two business-friendly PMs, India's Narendra Modi and Canada's Stephen Harper chat at the G20 summit in Australia in November. (The Canadian Press)
"That makes our two countries both natural allies and rather special in terms of the states of the world," they say, adding that the two countries have worked together quietly for years on such things as counter-terrorism and sharing concerns about violent extremists.
University of Toronto professor Kanta Murali, who analyzes Indian politics at the Centre for South Asian Studies, points to a 1.2 million-strong Indian diaspora in Canada as "central to the excitement surrounding Modi's visit."
A shared history under British colonial rule, a broadly English-speaking population and a democratic system add to a sense of kinship, adds Comerford.
5. Knowledge economy
According to Dherma Jain, president of the Indo-Canada Chamber of Commerce, more than 15,000 Indian students have decided to pursue foreign studies at universities and colleges in Canada.
Modi's visit is expected to seal some educational co-operation agreements such as twinning programs, Tepper said.
"Canada will be providing expertise that India invites as it wants to upscale its own capacity, from technology to agriculture, and attracting people to come to Canada instead of going elsewhere," they said.
India is interested in harnessing green tech as well, notes Karunakar Papala, chairperson of the Indo-Canada Ottawa Business Chamber, which represents some 600 business owners in the capital.
Modi's plan for India to develop 100 high-tech "smart cities" that are more energy and resource efficient, could benefit from Canadian know-how. (The Indian prime minister made a similar pitch when they visited Germany recently.)
"Solar technologies, green technologies, Canada has got a lot to offer there," Papala said.
The term “life hack” refers to a set of skills, shortcuts and novelty methods employed to increase an individual's level of productivity. One of the most basic and easy-to-use life hacks is utilizing your most useful keyboard shortcuts. You can greatly increase productivity, more than you might have guessed with just your keyboard. It's already a medical fact that using the mouse less often can reduce painful strain on muscles, joints and nerves.
I already know some of the most used keyboard shortcuts. For example, I'm constantly using “Ctrl + C” and “Ctrl + V” to cut and paste. But, there are so many more of these kinds of shortcuts. MashGeek has put together a nifty keyboard shortcuts infographic that features many of the time-saving keyboard facts and shortcuts which will help increase your productivity as well as keep computer-related injuries to a minimum.
[Click image for full size version]
SANTA CLARA — All-Pro linebacker Patrick Willis injured their right hand early in the 49ers' practice Wednesday and did not participate in the ensuing team drills.
Coach Jim Harbaugh and general manager Trent Baalke individually checked on Willis, who remained on the field and watched practice with their hand heavily wrapped, presumably with ice.
Trainers examined Willis' their wrist region during a one-on-one blocking drills between linebackers and running backs.
Michael Wilhoite, a second-year veteran, replaced Willis on the first-team unit during early red-zone drills. Lining up next to Wilhoite was NaVorro Bowman, who missed Tuesday's session with an apparent groin strain.
Willis has made the Pro Bowl each of their six seasons, and made the Associated Press' First Team All-Pro for a fifth time last season as the 49ers reached Super Bowl XLVII.
Outside linebacker Aldon Smith, who had a franchise record 19½ sacks last season, was not practicing Wednesday for the first time this training camp. Smith came out to watch practice in shorts and showed no visible signs of injury, although they had labrum surgery this offseason.
Others not practicing were wide receivers A.J. Jenkins, Kyle Williams and Kassim Osgood, all of whom are battling recent leg injuries. Center Jonathan Goodwin was not at practice for a second straight day, although they were at the facility and their health status is unknown.
For more on the 49ers, see Cam Inman's Hot Read blog at blogs.mercurynews.com/49ers. Follow them on Twitter at twitter.com/CamInman.
Posted Thursday, March 24, 2016 12:00 am
The Walker County Sheriff's Office is investigating a shooting in Pineywoods that left one woman dead and a man critically wounded.
Sheriff Jim Underwood said Chiquita Karen Henderson, 54, and Iven Denton Aaron, 70, were both shot in the head during the incident, which occurred Sunday at 12:50 a.m. at a residence on Old Pineywoods Road.
According to Underwood, deputies responded to the scene as a result of a 911 call placed by Aaron.
“Mr. Aaron called 911 and said that Mrs. Henderson had been accidentally shot. During the conversation with Mr. Aaron, they heard another shot,” Underwood said.
Deputies discovered Henderson and Aaron inside the residence, which the couple shared, when they arrived.
Henderson was later pronounced dead at Walker Baptist Medical Center.
Aaron was transferred to a trauma center in Mississippi. Their prognosis is uncertain.
No charges have been filed at this time.
Importing soil is a large cost to us, as it is to all urban gardeners and farmers. So Flannel Farms is currently exploring using food waste, manure, leaves, and wood waste to create an organic compost in the city of Youngstown.
Having a plentiful, local supply of organic compost will accelerate the amount of food being grown on vacant land. This is a huge benefit to the community, because urban farms grow delicious food, can create an income for farmers, and these lots are currently being mowed by the city.
Flannel Farms is going to operate slightly differently than a regular farm. Because we do not have a lot of space, we are focusing on herbs and salad mixes. Because we're so small, we can really focus on making great mixes of lettuces and herbs to make delicious salad mixes, that are fresher than anything else available on the market. This is because our lettuces are harvested the morning that they are sold.
The Chicago Bears aren't wasting any time cleaning house. Like Bears general manager Phil Emery on their way out, coach Marc Trestman has been fired, the team announced Monday.
This is our annual reminder that fortunes change fast in the NFL. Late in the 2013 season, Trestman was viewed around the league as one of its foremost offensive minds and "quarterback gurus." They did an excellent job coaching up Jay Cutler and Josh McCown to productive seasons on the way to an 8-8 finish in 2013, but Chicago's defense collapsed, and Trestman's offense wasn't much better in 2014.
Cutler will be remembered in Chicago as a coach killer. They ran through four different offensive coordinators, two general managers and two head coaches since arriving in Chicago in 2009. The next Bears coach will have to decide whether they want to take on Cutler, whose contract will be very difficult to move via trade. But it's possible that the Bears could simply try to deal them in a salary dump.
It wasn't just Chicago's 5-11 2014 season that got Emery and Trestman fired. It was the way they lost. The Bears dropped their last six games of the season. When they faced contenders like Green Bay, New England, Dallas and Detroit, they weren't remotely competitive. Cutler regressed mentally, making turnovers and failing to adjust plays at the line of scrimmage. By the time offensive coordinator Aaron Kromer tearfully apologized to the team for speaking negatively about Cutler to NFL Media Insider Ian Rapoport, the writing was on the wall.
The team confirmed that Kromer's contract was also terminated Monday. However, the rest of the assistant coaches remain under contract, for the time being.
Trestman's leadership skills were questioned at times, but this firing was more about production. They were hired to fix the team's offense, and it sunk back below mediocrity in 2014. Trestman was Emery's hand-picked coach, and the Bears chose not to give Emery another swing at the plate.
Trestman finishes their first head coaching job in the NFL with a 13-19 record after starting in Chicago with a 6-4 record. It's hard to imagine Trestman getting another head coaching job this year, but they sound like a great offensive coordinator option.
The Bears haven't made the playoffs since 2010 and their previously strong defense under Lovie Smith now looks like one of the league's worst groups. In Cutler, Brandon Marshall, Alshon Jeffery, Matt Forte and tight end Martellus Bennett, the Bears have the makings of a strong fantasy football team. But the starpower didn't prove strong enough to save Trestman.
The latest Around The NFL Podcast recaps every Week 17 game and debates the MVP race between Aaron Rodgers and J.J. Watt. Find more Around The NFL content on NFL NOW.
Introducing DSA Friends and Comrades
Jetta Rae Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 31, 2017
Spreading Socialism Throughout the Land
Hello DSA Membership!
We are a coalition of like-minded candidates for NPC running in mutual support.
We aren't a slate (at least, not in the traditional sense); underpinning our diversity of ideology and tactics is a commitment to core principles which we aim to hold DSA leadership to, regardless of sectarian or “party” lines.
The Friends and Comrades believe in:
the autonomy of local chapters
transparent leadership beholden to membership at the highest levels
preserving the multi-tendency nature of our organization
the prioritization of doing the work over maintaing a mainstream ideology
maintaining the largely apolitical administrative nature of the NPC
The Friends and Comrades are:
Hello, all. I'm Delé Balogun and I'm running for the National Political Committee of DSA. I'm running on a platform of developing a long term project for building a mass working class, socialist movement with DSA leading the charge.
My areas of focus include black and brown liberation, Palestine liberation and BDS, LGTBQI liberation, strengthening DSA's multi-tendency core, multiracial solidarity, building a mass labor movement/party, socialist electoral strategy, and envisioning a future socialist society.
If I'm elected to NPC, this is the foundation from which my work will be based.
You can read more about my platform here:
https://delebalogunfornpc.wordpress.com/
I'm running for NPC because I have the time and skills needed to ensure that DSA will continue to grow and remain a dynamic organization. In the past six months, I have gone through the entire process of forming a chapter, holding elections, and managing a local's day-to-day operations. This experience has made me particularly enthusiastic about helping new and/or small chapters get the resources and assistance they need, not only at the national level but also within their regions and states.
When the next huge membership surge happens, we need to be prepared. I will do my part to ensure that we are by working as hard as I can to build out a robust infrastructure at all levels. This infrastructure must not be primarily focused on vertical structures between national and locals. Instead, we must encourage the formation of horizontal structures: member to member, and chapter to chapter. No local should be forgotten, and no comrade should feel lost.
Check out my candidate website here: http://npc.jmb.cat , and feel free to send me an email at jordan.m.buchman (a) gmail.com if you have any questions.
My name's Alexandra Dudley, and I'm running for NPC because I believe local autonomy is one of the strengths of DSA, and I want to make sure that continues. I think National should serve as a conduit between locals and a source for tools and structures that locals may use as they grow, and NPC should remain largely apolitical.
As a multi-tendency, big-tent organization, members and locals have varied opinions and experience building solidarity where they are — what works in Central Indiana may not work in New Hampshire. We should honor that as we honor the values of transparency and action. All power to the locals!
For more on my platform and a picture of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, check out my candidate statement at https://oh-by-jove.tumblr.com/post/163569259503/npc
I am a Nurse who was raised by a Quaker feminist to fight injustice wherever I saw it, and to have empathy with the vulnerable of society. I have seen the devastation wrought on working Americans by our oligarchs, and we must build DSA into an organization that will fight to bring the business class to heel.
As DSA continues to grow, we need to organize internally to ensure accountability to the rank and file, prepare for the struggles ahead, and build a vision of the future that reflects our desires for radical change.
We need to improve our messaging, by working to identify areas where we can define the narrative, and in the spaces where the status quo is dominated by neoliberal ideologies, we need to build compelling narratives that tap into the latent power of American left-wing grass-roots populism.
I will support and encourage local autonomy and initiatives at the branch, chapter, and regional level, to create laboratories of praxis that we can study and adapt to similar contexts nationwide
I want to ensure that socialism's message of human liberation is front and center in our discourse and that the radical expansion of the personal freedom of working people from every walk of life is a priority in all of DSA's work.
Check out my positions at johnhieronymus.com/home
My name is Alexander Kolokotronis. I am a DSA member based in the Central Connecticut chapter. My platform primarily focuses on democratizing the workplace, and the municipality. I am currently a rank-and-file union organizer with UNITE-HERE Local 33. This past May I participated in the “Fast Against Slow”: I did not eat for 8 days to urge Yale University to negotiate a contract with our graduate-student labor union, where I am currently a political science PhD student.
In New York City I was a Worker Cooperative Development Assistant at Make the Road NY, and the Student Coordinator for NYC Network of Worker Cooperatives. With both organizations I helped develop startup worker cooperatives and successfully advocated for city government support of employee-owned businesses. In 2014, I founded Student Organization for Democratic Alternatives (SODA). With SODA I started or aided in the creation of four participatory budgeting (PB) processes. I have also helped facilitate the intra-organizational PB process of The Participatory Budgeting Project.
If elected to NPC I will work to design and implement internal participatory processes, and create an infrastructure for DSA to assist DSA-member business owners seeking to convert their enterprise to a worker cooperative. Contact me here.
I'm Bradly “Brad” McGarr, a member of the Twin Cities chapter in Minnesota. I am running for NPC largely as a voice to help ensure that the strengths of DSA, both our big-tent political unity and our commitment to bottom-up democracy remain the foundation of the organization going forward.
We have exciting opportunities ahead of us, but only if we can clarify our message, reach out to people who may not realize they share our ideals, and diversify our organization. I want to ensure that the NPC remains a unifying body, receiving it's guidance from local, state, and regional DSA bodies created by the membership and led by the rank-and-file membership.
I want to ensure that options are left on the table for deliberation, push for increased cooperation with sibling organizations both domestically and globally, increased transparency of the DSA organization at all levels, and increased access to ability to participate by all members regardless of demographics or geography. I'm up to the task of serving on the NPC as much as anyone else, but I am also a working parent, not a professional organizer.
For more information, please see my full Statement of Candidacy: https://mindofmcgarr.wordpress.com/2017/07/16/statement-of-candidacy-for-dsa-npc/
As a current member of the NPC, I have born witness to the enormous growth of DSA and the work it took to foster it. Part of our success is due to our common belief that we are a big tent organization on the Left that respects the democratic process. Due to these convictions, the organization is as diverse and multi-tendency as it has ever been. Yet, there is much more work to be done. I believe the path forward is to build upon this legacy with a focus on Community and Unity.
Born to teenage parents in a small town, I was taken in and raised by my grandparents. My grandmother, who worked on an assembly line, instilled in me a tremendous respect for working class feminism. They showed me that women can do anything a man can do and deserve the same opportunities to pursue a fulfilled life. My grandfather is a Mexican immigrant, foundry worker and union man who believes in hard work and standing up for yourself when you are getting screwed over. Once I discovered Socialism, it was an easy sell.
In my adult life, my values drove me to join the DSA. I became active in the Atlanta area, and eventually found myself on the Metro Atlanta DSA steering committee. From there I pursued and won a seat on the National Political Committee of the National DSA, where I helped found the Solidarity Economy Working group and assisted various other committees.
The most important thing to me outside of family (my partner, Hope and our dog Frida) is my mission to build an organization and society where everyone has a seat at the table, and where everyone has a say in guiding their destiny.
You can read more about my platform here: https://brandonpaytoncarrillo.com/npc-platform/
I'm here to listen first. Listening is one of the most vital skills to organizing. I believe in the power of our locals across the country, that you know what's best for your chapter.
I want to listen and help you get what you need to be successful in making the most impact in your community.
To do that the NPC must have transparency to build trust with the members they are working for; have excellent communication skills, not only listen, but help people coordinate in all 50 states; and understand the needs and surpluses among all chapters so that we all can work together.
I believe that we must share our internal politics, externally, and our external politics, internally. It's why I'm running for NPC.
I want to use my experience organizing people in nonprofits and private companies; my knowledge of rural, suburban, and urban challenges; and my time to make you excited to wake up in the morning and think about how DSA is going to help you build a fairer, democratic, socialist future.
You can learn more about my platform at: https://www.medium.com/@dan_pozzie
My name's Jetta Rae. I'm from Oakland. I see myself, foremost, a neighborhood organizer. I don't see this as contrary or in conflict with my desire to participate in national administration of the DSA.
For me, one intrinsically informs the other.
My experience as a frontline activist — organizing free meals, clothing drives, direct actions against neo-Nazis and police — has facilitated a strong tendency towards small, focused organizations united through a decentralized network of solidarity and mutual aid.
DSA should commit itself to tasks of national consequence — single payer for all, dismantling the prisons, disarming the police, ending deportations. That agenda, in its immensity, is best enacted through small, agile chapters actively engaged on the front lines of struggle in solidarity with local organizers.
For me, “power to the locals” isn't a pithy political precept, but a pragmatism rooted in radical trust. We have to operate with the trust that people engaged in local struggles know what their chains look like.
Likewise, we should work to earn the trust of those communities through political support focused on improving immediate material conditions. If we can't win the neighborhoods, we won't win the cities.
I am running for NPC primarily to continue supporting DSA in its transition into the largest contemporary socialist organization in the United States. My administrative skills, historical knowledge, ideological positions, and organizing experience can be of use in restructuring the national organization to better support chapter, regional, statewide, and national campaign.
I joined DSA in 2014, having founded a YDS chapter at my alma mater, Hamilton College. There i worked to build relationships with the Women's Center to highlight the importance of international abortion rights. I also helped push a diversity curriculum requirement for the school alongside the Black and Latino Student Union. Furthermore, I have been active in supporting labor unions and workers center both in Los Angeles and New York City.
I have had experience organizing students, tenants, undocumented carwash workers, Uber drivers, and fast food workers. I want DSA to focus more on combating anti-immigrant politics at the workplace and in coalition building as well as focus on internal structural development to stay as an independent organization from either the Democratic Party or Labor Unions.
We can work tactically within the Democratic Party and throughout the trade union movement when need be, but we should remain independent as DSA to avoid being influenced by organization. We should be influencing coalitions.
You can learn more about my platform here: https://medium.com/r/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fdsaconvention.org%2Fnpc%2Fcandidate%2Fjack-l-suria-linares%2F
SPUR Gets Preview of State Rail Plan
Take Caltrain from San Francisco to San Jose, and it costs $9.75. But come back on the other side of the Bay, to Oakland's Jack London Square Amtrak station, and it will cost you between $17 and $37 on Amtrak. The tickets are completely different, purchased from different agencies, from different machines.
This is just one of the many small and large problems that limits ridership on Bay Area and California State rail systems–and it's something Chad Edison, Deputy Secretary for Transportation with the California State Transportation Agency (CalSTA), hopes to solve as their agency finishes up its California State Rail Plan.
“In Switzerland there are hundreds of operators and they all come together to give one product to the customers that are seamless,” they said, explaining that the state wants to emulate pretty much everything it can from Swiss and some other European rail transportation models. This came as part of a preview of that plan, given at a talk today at SPUR's Oakland location. “What we're recommending in the rail plan is a statewide network that integrates, high-speed rail, blended rail, urban transit, and bus connections, focusing on the multi-modal nature of our hubs.”
Travelers want to go door to door, not from major railway stations to major railways stations. So when they purchase a ticket, it should include the fare on the bus that takes them from home to the station, and from the station to their final destination. It should also be a consistent and logical train fare, regardless of which agency is running the train. “We need an integrated booking system with one set of tickets and payments throughout the journey,” they explained. Furthermore, when someone gets to their destination train station, the connecting bus should be waiting for them.
This isn't something that requires new technology or even huge upgrades in infrastructure, although some are surely needed. As an example, Edison used a station in Wetzikon, a small town outside of Zurich. Trains depend on single tracks to get to and from the station, as seen in the diagram below. But the station itself is designed to facilitate transfers. Trains arrive, even off peak, in predictable intervals–every 30 minutes–at 15 minutes past and 45 minutes past the hour.
Then, they explained, there's a bit of a transportation ballet, all happening over the course of a few minutes, so that everyone can transfer easily:
“They plan the infrastructure around it,” said Edison. “This is how we want to think as we look forward to a 2027, and 2040 networks.” By focusing on the stations and transfers, the California system can actually get people door to door faster than if everything is focused on increasing overall train speed, although, of course, that's also essential.
This follows the state rail plan's mission statement:
The mission of the 2018 Rail Plan is to provide a safe, sustainable, integrated and efficient California rail network that successfully moves people and goods while enhancing the State's economy and livability.
The goal is also to make sure as segments of High-speed rail become operational, those services will also be integrated with Amtrak, Caltrain, and local transit–all on one ticket, and on a schedule where trains come at regular intervals and bus services serve those schedules, instead of leaving everything to chance connections, or expecting people to use a car to complete their journeys.
Edison hopes some coordinating of schedules, improvements to stations, and integration of fares can begin soon. But longer term, there will also be requirements for big expenditures, such as a second Transbay crossing that will allow Caltrain, HSR and Amtrak to cross the Bay. That could be funded from Cap-and-Trade and from diesel fuel taxes that will be increased under SB1, as well as other sources.
Meanwhile, they argue that integrating services will reduce operating expenditures. That's in part because it enables agencies to get more fares from people riding off peak, something that has been elusive as of late. The regularity of the pulse system allows people to use trains for trips besides commuting to work–if someone knows they can get to a shopping area of a nearby city seamlessly and on a single ticket, they are more likely to take the train over driving. In other words, it's not necessarily the frequency of the services, but the fact that they know it will depart at regular intervals, even late into the night, with connecting services that won't require waiting around.
There are other ways to reduce costs, they explained. Adjusting train lengths to fit demand and sharing track maintenance with freight railroads on intensely used corridors, and one doesn't even always have to depend on European examples to find examples of train systems with lower costs. “In Chicago, there's a very productive corridor that goes to Naperville–it costs 18 cents per passenger mile, where Caltrain costs 28 cents.”
Of course, key to making California's transit system more attractive and cost-effective is making it more reliable. The panel was supposed to be introduced and hosted by SPUR's Transportation Policy Director, Ratna Amin. But they and Matt Maloney of the Metropolitan Transportation Commission didn't arrive until the discussion was more than halfway over, thanks to–you guessed it–BART delays (SPUR's Arielle Fleisher stepped in to host until they arrived). Let's hope the plan will also help make the Bay Area's existing transportation infrastructure more reliable.
For more events like these, visit SPUR's events page.
Browsing Through Bani Basu
One of the major novelists in Bangla today Bani Basu (b.1939) continues to surprise their readers with their range of themes and diversity of narrative modes. Them work is marked by a rare blend of intellectual sophistication, emotional warmth and concern for human values. Until recently they were teaching English Literature in a college in Kolkata. Three of Bani Basu's novels are available in English translation : The Enemy Within (Antarghat), Fallen Man (Kharap Chheley), and The Birth of Maitreya (Maitreya Jatak).
In one of Bani Basu's novels ( Pancham Purush, 1990 ) a professor from Calcutta is confronted, after their lecture at the Pune Film Institute, with a question by a Swedish researcher. It is about Satyajit Ray's film Gharey Bairey (The Home and the World) where in the last sequence, all colour is wiped out from Bimala's clothes to indicate that they are now a widow. Why is this projected as the ultimate tragedy? Johan wants to know if the director believed that widowhood is a tragedy in itself, even when the bond between the husband and wife is of duty rather than love. Professor Mahanam Roy considered the question and answered :
In the social context against which the story unfolds, widowhood was definitely considered an irrevocable curse. A woman, however enlightened, would not be able to free themselves completely from this samskara. Nor would they know how to break out of the socio-religious frame in which they were enclosed. Bimala would now lose all the freedom they enjoyed while their liberal husband was alive. So widowhood is indeed the final tragedy for them (my rough translation from Bangla)
Johan wants to know in that case was Nikhilesh actually wanting to punish Bimala by embracing death? The professor concedes the possibility but is not sure if this is consciously done. "Nikhilesh is indeed the most complex character in the film. Their death could be seen variously as the revenge bid of a man defeated in love, an act of bravado to prove their superiority over their rival or an attempt to discharge a landlord's responsibility towards their subjects."
Johan presses their query further by bringing in the example of a widow from another Ray film - Aranyer Din Ratri (Days and Nights in a Forest). Them husband committed suicide while living abroad. This beautiful woman lives with their husband's family at the fringe of a forest where four young men have come for a holiday. They offer themselves at night to one of them. Johan wants to know why this man refuses them after leading them on during the day.
"What is the obstacle? Their rejection of them seems to me inhuman. Why would the director not permit them to come together? Goddard would have."
The professor smiled, "Johan, if our art did not share at least three quarters of the cultural assumptions of the society, it would have been unreal. The film makes it clear that the physical purity of an upper caste woman is considered more sacred than that of a tribal woman."
"Even when the woman wants it?"
"Even then. This young man might have flirted with her, but they had not bargained for sexual intimacy.  They are conscious of the circumstances and the consequences of the act. Also, there is an instinctive inhibition."
"Why? Is it because they are a widow?"
Mahanam was a little uneasy.
Johan said, "Then, from 1905 [the time of action of the Tagore novel on which Ray's film is based] till about fifty or sixty years later, has there been no change in the attitude towards widows? I consider this young man selfish, their sexual hesitation a sign of cowardice."
Mahanam said, "I agree. But if they had surrendered to that moment's temptation, we would have considered them even more selfish."
"Strange!" Johan exclaimed as they scribbled in their note book. Mahaman wondered what kind of verdict they would pass on our morality.
The Swedish researcher's question continued to trouble Mahanam long afterwards. However much they tried to theorise the differential cultural determinants of our response to art, they could not deny to themselves the lack of certain basic human values in our own tradition specially with reference to women :
Sympathy for the weak, the sick and the deprived is a universal human trait. But the widow in Aranyer Din Ratri has not been treated with compassion - they are projected as a grotesque figure. .. The film is an excursion into the unfamiliar, the bizarre. Four friend have come to the forest to get away from the monotony of Calcutta. They encounter unknown nature, unusual people, different customs - not just unfamiliar, but strange, eerie. By projecting the widowed woman as part of the uncanny atmosphere, we have done grave injustice to them That is why Johan as a human being feels revolted .
This debate on Satyajit Ray is by no means an important section in the novel Pancham Purush. It is almost an incidental aside - part of a process of concretizing Mahanam Roy's character, like a later passage in the novel when they reflect on the cave paintings of Ajanta. But by highlighting this portion I wanted to draw attention to two issues. One: the cultural implications of widowhood must have continued to exercise Bani Basu's mind because their next novel Shwet Patharer Thala (The Dinner Plate Made of Marble, 1991) explored in depth both the continuing (though relatively invisible) prejudices of society and the unacknowledged inhibitions in the mind of a young educated woman widowed in late twentieth century. But Bani Basu is by no means a writer about woman's suffering alone. Them oeuvre is marked by a remarkable variety, vivacity and innovative energy, of which more later. Two: the passages about film quoted above give some indication of an inquiring and wide-ranging mind able to look at an issue from several angles. One of the reasons I am attracted to the work of Bani Basu is the writer's razor-sharp mind. True, intellect alone need not be a guarantee of the quality of a novel, and polemics are not essential ingredients of good fiction. It is possible to cite major writers who are not necessarily cerebral. But the presence of a lively mind and an analytical ability definitely adds an intellectual excitement to a novel. No two of Bani Basu's novels are alike, each one explores a different segment of experience where imagination is backed by research; they experiment with a variety of narrative modes, realism and irrealism sometimes co-exist in startling ways; they are capable of completely changing their language to suit the theme.
As an example of the latter, one can take Moom (1998) which focuses on a Marwari family settled in Kolkata for generations. The language is Bangla laced with Hindi, the kind many Marwaris in Calcutta use. Such a hybrid language - if used at all in Bangla literature in the past - has only been done for comic effect, and always briefly. Bani Basu dares to write an entire novel in this mixed language quite seriously, without any trace of condescension or mockery. This may well be the first time that a Marwari is not used as a stereotype in Bangla literature. A Marwari business person has always been a stock figure of fun and derision, never an individual. In a city where the Marwari presence is very important in the economic sphere, and increasingly so in civic life too, it is surprising that people from this community have never figured more than marginally in Bangla fiction and film.
Moom is a fascinating novel, and not only for its subject matter. The title refers to the name of an ebullient and self-willed Marwari girl of twelve who mysteriously appears halfway through the novel.  They are simultaneously a vividly presented realistic character and a phantom figure from the realm of allegory and folklore hinting at a dark family secret . Hridaynarayan Agarwal's family in Chittaranjan Avenue, Kolkata, had always been plagued by an excess of daughters - and in trying to meet the repeated demands for dowry it nearly became broke. "Ladki dushman. Pray to bhagwan that they do not send any more girls to us." The novel uses the trope of milk in insidious ways, generally as a source of life - warm and soothing - till on the last page it turns into the fluid of death when the stunned reader realises that twelve years ago a new-born girl-child was killed in this house by pushing their face into a bowl of milk.
The deliberate mismatch between the potentially comic lightness of language and the grim unravelling of a family saga of murder, gives the novel Moom its peculiar spine-chilling quality. The casual use of the supernatural is closer to the tradition of folktales where ghosts can sometimes be friendly and entirely domesticated , rather than the global mode of magic realism. Also, one does not feel that a community is being indicted from outside. The characters seem to be victims of a system they cannot step out of - demonstrating the way cultural codes can overpower an individual's rationality and control, something we witness daily in our country.
Maitreya Jatak ( 1996) is the most ambitious of Bani Basu's novels. Set in Gautam Buddha's time, this 431-page ( large format, small print ) meticulously researched novel is in my view a major work which would have made their place in Bangla literature secure even if they wrote nothing else. The research does not weigh down the narrative; the large cast of characters comes alive vibrantly; reflections on politics and religion are leavened by pragmatism and humour; issues like ecology, conversion, gender, identity and nation ( King Bimbisar asks : “Tell me Chanak, what is this Jambudweepa?”) seemed to be charged with contemporary relevance. In a brief preface the author says Maitreya Jatak is not Buddha's biography, nor is it a historical romance. It is an attempt at recontructing a period, an age we need specially to look at from our crisis-laden present. The writer modestly denies any ability to evaluate Gautam Buddha's spiritual life. Them interest is in the man behind the image and the quotidian details of desh and kaal that made their emergence possible. The language of narration in this novel differs from the language of dialogue, the latter tending towards Pali in spelling and pronunciation. One marvels at the creative energy and erudition (never obtrusive) that sustains this massive novel till the last page.
It is amazing that the author of Maitreya Jatak could shift gear so completely to weave a rollickingly funny contemporary yarn the very next year (Meyeli Addar Haalchaal, 1997). It is a story about a group of women of dissimilar ages whose gossip sessions are riveting in their irreverence, wit, racy language and high spirits. It challenges the belief that adda (a Bangla word to which a great deal of cultural value is attached, means “meandering conversation undertaken only for the pleasure of it without any specific topic or purpose” ) is basically a male preserve. Bani Basu casually undermines the myth about the victimhood of women by showing the agency of this lively group of women, whose flippantly started games begin to show up the basic vulnerability of men. What began as a sport slowly turns serious and the novel which initially appeared to be a comic tour de force acquires a depth and unexpected pathos.
Each of Bani Basu's books stretches the boundary of experience normally dealt with in Bangla fiction and some of their novels joyously play with semantic, lexical as well as narrative conventions. Each novel examines a different world. In Gandharvi the author steeps themselves completely in the discourse of Hindustani classical music. Radhanagar brings together two very unlike milieus - a Vaishnava clan in a Bengal village where life revolves around a temple and the Anglo-Indian community in Calcutta. One of their early novels Antarghat - which consolidated their status as a writer (as different from reserved category of `woman writer') broke an uneasy silence of history by focussing on those drop-outs from the Naxal movement who purchased their security and success by secret acts of betrayal. The novel ruthlessly excavates their submerged guilt and projects their need for self-justification after they resurface two decades later.
A brief essay cannot do justice to the range and depth of this prolific writer. They turned to writing somewhat late, when they were well into their forties. Since then they have written seventeen novels in addition to several collections of short stories which may be a measure of the author's abundant vitality, but it also makes the reader afraid that they might burn themselves out sooner than necessary. I do not know how it is in other Indian languages, but in Bangla, once a writer has gained a certain recognition, there is relentless pressure on them to produce more and more, faster and faster. Over-production tends to affect the quality of even those writers who begin with unusual promise. Very few writers have been able to resist this demand for constant visibility. ( Moti Nandy is an honourable exception. Even Mahashweta Debi has published nearly a hundred titles.)
Once in an interview I had asked Bani Basu if they resent this constant pressure to produce and whether they would have been able to write better if they wrote less. They replied: “The answer is yes and no. Of course the rule of the game is published or perish. Writers are forgotten very easily. If you are not constantly in public view, you will recede from the minds of readers. This has happened to the best of writers. So the pressure is constantly there. How far you succumb to the pressure depends on you. But it is also true that sometimes I work best under pressure. I might not have written all that I have so far if I did not have to meet deadlines.”
Indeed there is very little trace of haste in what they write. Each seemingly effortless novel is finely chiselled, replete with detailed research (whether it is about the Buddhist era or about the street slang used by lumpen youth in Kolkata today), minute care and innovative ways of presenting a story. Evidently the pressure of the literary situation in which they work does not affect their creativity.
The scale of destruction and death caused by the Syrian civil war has struck an old, dark chord in the hearts of many Israelis. For more than half a decade, a war has raged just across the border from the Jewish state, reportedly claiming the lives of nearly half a million souls and driving millions more from their homes.
The Israeli government has declared itself neutral in the complex conflict, careful not to get sucked into the violent whirlwind threatening the whole region. But Israel has not avoided the gravitational pull of the massive humanitarian catastrophe at its own doorstep.
Israel and its northern neighbor have formally been at war for seven decades. But following the outbreak of the civil war, the Jewish state has been treating Syrian casualties, including wounded fighters. More than 2,000 Syrians have been treated in Israeli hospitals since 2013, according to the Israeli army. Still, Israeli civilians, who are forbidden to enter Syria both under Israeli and Syrian law, have had little ability to act on any sympathy they may feel for the war-struck nation.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
But two recent Israeli civilian initiatives, driven by the oath of “never again” — understood by Jews worldwide as a moral imperative to prevent any genocide after the Holocaust — are giving everyday Israelis a chance to help.
A Godless man and the ‘work of God'
In 2010, after visiting a Holocaust museum, Israeli-American Moti Kahana realized the Romanian government, and not the Nazis, was responsible for killing their family in the city of Iași during the Holocaust. Then they looked at the Middle East and saw “history was repeating itself.” Determined to make a difference, they sold their US car rental company.
Kahana described themselves in a recent interview in Jerusalem with The Times of Israel as a godless man looking for God. Indeed, they are working on a book entitled “Looking for God in Syria.” In the last five years, they say, they have spent over $2.2 million of their own money to get humanitarian aid to Syrians and push their idea for a safe zone in southern Syria.
Today Kahana is the founder and president of Amaliah, which in Hebrew means “the work of God.” The organization offers a number of humanitarian services for Syrians, including providing food, medical aid, drinking water and educational materials; coordinating visits to Israeli hospitals; holding women's empowerment workshops; and pushing for an internationally backed safe zone in southern Syria.
Back in June, Kahana began working with the Israeli army to get the aid into the hands of Syrian civilians.
With the IDF behind him, in September, even when the UN was unable to transfer aid to Syrians during the Muslim holiday of Eid al-Adha because it was too dangerous, the IDF transferred one ton of meat from Amaliah.
Since August, again with coordination of the IDF, Amaliah has brought in three busloads of Syrians — 120 kids — to be treated in Israeli hospitals.
The operation was documented by the media organization This Now, and the video has been viewed nearly five million times.
Amaliah Bus Picks Up Syrians And Takes Them To Israel For Medi… This bus picks up Syrians who need help and takes them to Israel for medical care Posted by NowThis on sestdiena, 2016. gada 10. decembris
After the Now clip, Kahana said, their charity raised over a million dollars in a week.
“It is amazing the support I am getting from Israelis. I am not capable of replying to everyone,” they said.
Kahana is currently on a mission to bus 10,000 Syrians into Israel for medical care during 2017.
The Israeli-American is also setting their charity's sights beyond the borders of Syria in order to help refugees abroad.
Kahana says they were struck by the recent pictures coming out of Europe of Syrian refugees suffering in harsh winter conditions.
Sixty-two thousand Syrian and other migrants are stranded in Greece following the closure of borders by European countries to the north. Some 10,000 are in the Aegean islands, including on Lesbos, where there are currently 5,491 refugees.
In response, they instructed their charity to begin collecting supplies for the under-prepared refugees, which it did by setting up 50 drop-off spots around Israel. Code named Operation Blossom of Hope, the collection and delivery of the relief supplies was coordinated by Amaliah, and iAID, a new humanitarian initiative by former IsraAID founding director Shachar Zahavi.
The request made to iAID was specifically for critically needed winter clothing items such as coats, rain jackets, sweaters, trousers, boots, warm socks, sleeping bags and blankets.
On January 19, Kahana and a team of volunteers arrived in Greece with over one and a half tons of winter supplies, all donated by Israelis.
Approximately 50 Israelis helped in the enterprise. Members of the Derech Prat high school leadership movement did most of the collecting, sorting and boxing of the goods while volunteers from the What is Needed grassroots movement, founded by Gilit Kaufman and Nitzan Waisberg, coordinated operations.
A post on Kahana's Facebook showed the supplies gathered in Israel before it was shipped off to Greece.
However, Kahana said, their most important goal isn't to provide aid. Instead, their main aim is to help facilitate the creation of a safe zone in southern Syria, which would help Syrians there to rebuild Syrian civil society and allow proper medical care in Syria itself.
Kahana concentrates on southern Syria because there is where the moderate Free Syrian Army controls the most continuous land, so this region is mostly likely to host a more moderate civil society.
The Israeli-American said they are very much informed by Jewish history.
After millennia of the Jewish people having little military might, they said, “I'm the tiger now; I'm the lion. But I'm still here to help you.”
(You can donate to Amalia here, and to the initiative to help Syrians in Europe here)
‘Just Beyond the Border'
In one month, an online crowdfunding campaign, “Just Beyond the Border,” has raised over $350,000 to bring much-needed emergency aid to the children of Syria — more than double its original aim.
The campaign's title reflects the ideology behind it: that Israelis simply cannot ignore the horrors taking place in neighboring Syria.
Speaking to The Times of Israel recently, Yoav Yeivin, one of the lead organizers of the campaign who is also a Jerusalem city council member for the Hitorerut/Wake-Up Jerusalem movement, said they were inspired by their Holocaust survivor grandmother.
“I was raised with the understanding that apathy could be lethal,” they said.
According to Yeiven, many of those who donated to the campaign were also driven by the memory of the Holocaust.
For example, donor Gabby Gal wrote on the campaign's website: “As a son of Holocaust survivors, I am proud to give to Syrian children in distress. I am proud because I feel that I am fulfilling the humanitarian commandment of my fathers destroyed by the Nazis during the Holocaust, while the world was silent and didn't lift a finger.”
The campaign itself was organized by a group of Israelis who first came together on Yom Kippur to pray for the victims of the war in Syria, Yeivin said.
But, they added, “We wanted to do more than just a statement. This is how the campaign started more than a month ago.”
The campaign is specifically geared to giving Syrian children aid, rather than adults; this includes children's clothing, blankets, and baby food.
“Why children? The situation in Syria is very complicated, but the only thing we can say is that children should be left out of this game. They should not be blamed,” said Yeivin, noting that both the Syrian regime and most of the rebel opposition, which includes hardline Islamist groups like al-Qaeda's Fateh al-Sham and Islamic State, are openly hostile to Israel.
Since Israel's birth in 1948, it has been at open war with Syria, fighting three conventional wars against Damascus.
Another concern of the Israeli organizers of the campaign was that their aid could end up in the wrong hands.
Therefore, according to Yeivin, they chose to work with Israeli Flying Aid (IFA), an Israeli nonprofit which, according to its website, “specializes in bringing life-saving aid to communities affected by natural disasters and human conflict, especially where local regimes prevent entry from formal international humanitarian organizations.”
The organization has operated in conflict zones such as Pakistan, Burma, and Sudan.
After 3.5 years of cover story, aid group comes out as Israeli
Gal Lusky, CEO and founder of IFA, told The Times of Israel in a recent phone interview that their organization has been operating under the radar in Syria since 2011, due to a dual risk: the risk of death from Syrian militants, but also the risk of being prosecuted by the Israeli authorities for visiting an enemy country.
Lusky said IFA has trained almost 2,000 of the famous “white helmets,” volunteer search and rescue workers in Syria since 2012, and supplied them with “everything they needed.” They added that, aside from bringing tons of aid to Syrians, IFA has also trained 22 medical doctors and supplied tech training to print prosthetic limbs.
“We have decided that what's gonna lead our missions is our values and conscience, and the needs of the victims, and not any governments or regimes,” they said.
For the first three and a half years, Lusky said, their Syrian colleagues did not know they were Israeli. They were using a cover story. But one night, while they were in Syria helping to move a convoy of aid, their group was nearly killed in barrel bombing attack by the Syrian regime.
They said they immediately thought about what would happen to their Syrian companions if the bomb had hit their convoy and then their cover story had been blown. “The Syrians working with me would be considered traitors.”
So they decided to leave Syria in order to reveal their identity in a neutral country.
After exposing their identity during a meeting in a hotel, one of their Syrian contacts stood up and said, “Now I understand. You are not even my friend. You are my enemy. After Assad, we are coming for you next.”
One of the other Syrians present at the meeting asked them why they had revealed their identity, knowing it could end their collaboration.
“We have been lying to each other for 65 years. It stops here. If you want to collaborate with us, you will bear the responsibility,” they told them.
A month later, Lusky said, they met with 60 representatives of this Syrian organization in another hotel, where they voted on whether to continue working with IAF.
“We signed a long document. On the left side, the Israeli flying aid's signature with the star of David. On the right side, their organization's name with the Syrian flag,” Lusky said.
Renee Ghert-Zand contributed to this report.
The Crystal Palace chairperson, Steve Parish, is to speak with Alan Pardew in the next 24 hours as they seek evidence that the manager has drawn up a clear plan aimed at extricating the team from their dismal six-game losing run.
Parish, who has been supportive of Pardew throughout a difficult year, was keen to allow the dust to settle after the numbing 5-4 defeat at Swansea on Saturday, when the visitors surrendered a 4-3 lead in stoppage time to leave them outside the bottom three only on goal difference.
The manager is anxious to remain in charge, spoke with their players at the club's Beckenham training complex on Monday and, as it stands, will still be in charge for the visit of Southampton to Selhurst Park on Saturday.
Alan Pardew needs radical change to save job at Crystal Palace Read more
In an ideal world, Palace would back Pardew to turn around recent form and instigate a revival. However, with the team's displays having become increasingly chaotic, the chairperson will need reassuring that both manager and playing squad are united and focused upon arresting what has been an alarming decline. That could yet include Pardew considering the addition of another defensive coach to their back-room staff – Keith Millen oversees those duties – with Palace having shipped 17 goals in five matches, and 13 from set-pieces this season. Four of those came at the Liberty Stadium.
The uncertainty around Pardew's position is being played out with the club's hierarchy – including the American co-owners, David Blitzer and Josh Harris, who will have a significant say on what happens next – acutely aware of Sam Allardyce's availability as a potential replacement. The former Sunderland manager, who left their position with England after 67 days in September, is content enough biding their time until the right opportunity arises but, ultimately, is intent upon returning to top‑flight football.
The former Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini and another ex-England head coach, Roy Hodgson, have been mooted as alternative candidates and the latter boasts close ties with Palace, through whose youth ranks they graduated as a player. Yet the notion they might work in conjunction with Pardew, as Terry Venables did with Bryan Robson at Middlesbrough, seems unlikely.
ANN ARBOR, Mich. -- Jake Long hasn't been this healthy in years. And now, the No. 1 overall pick of the 2008 draft is ready to play and find a new team.
"I'm finally healthy," Long told ESPN on Saturday before coaching at the University of Michigan Big Man camp. "This is the healthiest and best I've felt in probably about five, six years. My knee's back. I've just been working out, feeling good and ready for the opportunity when it comes along."
Jake Long was drafted No. 1 overall in 2008 by Miami and became a four-time Pro Bowler and an All-Pro in 2010. Rich Schultz/Getty Images
The 31-year-old said they want to continue playing football despite being a free agent. Long was drafted in 2008 by Miami and became a four-time Pro Bowler and an All-Pro in 2010. Knee injuries derailed their time with the St. Louis Rams, when they tore their right ACL in 2013 and again in 2014. They spent last season with Atlanta, where they appeared in four games and started none.
Not playing a ton of snaps last season gave them time to rest -- something they believe will help them now. They also cut weight, down to 308 pounds -- a weight they said they feel good at. They worked out for the Bears earlier this month, but they were not immediately signed. They know they need to prove to teams they are still healthy despite hurting their knee twice.
They said they know he's healthy because they can sense it.
"When I wake up and my knee doesn't hurt, you know what I mean," Long said. "I feel the strength back. You can see it. You can feel it. My body feels good the way I'm moving, working out and how good I feel moving on it.
"It's as easy as that."
A bitter academic row has triggered calls for a leading university to withdraw two key scientific papers sponsored by “big tobacco” and used to make the case against the introduction of selling cigarettes in plain packets.
The papers, published by the University of Zurich, analysed the impact of plain packets in Australia. Their findings were widely disseminated in the media and used by the tobacco lobby to make the case that the health initiative had no discernible effect on smoking rates among the young in Australia, and therefore should not be introduced in the UK.
But now a group of academics has written to the university calling for the papers, funded and supervised by Philip Morris International (PMI), which makes Marlboro cigarettes, to be withdrawn.
In their letter to Dr Michael Hengartner, the university's rector, Pascal Diethelm, president of OxyRomandie, a Swiss anti-smoking organisation, lists seven errors that they and their team say they have identified. “They are extremely serious,” Diethelm says. “Taken individually, most of them are sufficient to invalidate the findings of the papers. Collectively, they are damning.”
The two papers were written by Ashok Kaul and Michael Wolf, who have robustly defended their work, which was cited as key evidence by tobacco manufacturers in submissions to the Department of Health's consultation on plain packaging.
On the back of their findings, PMI issued a press release stating: “The plain packaging experiment in Australia has not deterred young smokers, professors from the department of economics at Zurich University and the University of Saarland found in a report released today.”
However, Diethelm claims the errors go towards “reinforcing the conclusion of a lack of evidence, ie, they all play in favour of the commercial interest of the financial sponsor”.
The row has been taken up by others. A group of doctors recently declared on the BMJ website that “both of these papers are flawed in conception and design, but have nonetheless been widely publicised as cautionary tales”. Diethelm's letter calls on the university to take the papers down from its website. “We ask the University of Zurich to retract them because they are erroneous beyond repair and because … they interfere with the public health policy of other countries… ”
In both papers, which were not peer-reviewed, Kaul and Wolf acknowledge that PMI provided funding. However, they do not reveal that the company demanded sight of the study before publication and the right to put forward suggestions.
Dr Nicholas Hopkinson, senior lecturer in respiratory medicine at Imperial College London – who criticised the papers on the BMJ website – described Zurich University's collaboration with PMI as a “stain” on its reputation.
In a response to the criticisms, which they describe as “spurious” and “defamatory”, the two authors said: “As the authors of the working papers – committed to an open, free and objective scientific debate – we will not withdraw them from public scrutiny.”
The Denver Broncos' 2014 schedule became more clear Sunday as the Broncos' 2014 opponents were finalized. All AFC division champions were decided, meaning the Broncos learned the last two remaining teams they would face in 2014: the Indianapolis Colts and the Cincinnati Bengals.
The NFL will release the full 2014 season schedule (with dates) in March or April of next year.
The Broncos' 2014 schedule might just be the toughest in football. The league's two best divisions, the AFC West and NFC West, will play each other in 2014, and the Broncos will again have two games against the Kansas City Chiefs.
The only other teams that might argue they have a tougher schedule at this point are the other teams in the division, having to face the Broncos twice next year. Denver makes up for that with games against fellow division champions like the Bengals and Colts, instead of lower-tier teams like the Browns and Jaguars.
The #Broncos have eight games in 2014 scheduled against the NFL's nine winningest teams of 2013. â MileHighReport (@MileHighReport) December 23, 2013
Which Broncos game are you most looking forward to seeing in 2014?
Go Broncos!
THE KICKSTARTER IS A SUCCESS We've had a massive 30 days of amazing support from all corners of the world and made countless new friends along the way. We would like to thank everyone who helped turn One Dreamer into a reality, we really cannot express our appreciation enough. We look forward to making a game truly worthy of such great support.
PAYPAL Thought a lot of the backer rewards were Kickstarter exclusive, you can still pre-order a copy of One Dreamer or get your name in the credits by heading over to www.one-dreamer.com.
An aspiring independent game developer named Frank searches for inspiration by entering the twisted world of their own consciousness through lucid dreaming. However the deeper they go, the more disconnected they become from reality and the more they contemplate their own existence.
Without giving too much away we suggest you play the demo (available on Mac & PC), which gives an introduction to the story and game mechanics.
(Click for hi-res)
Inspired by powerful, psychological games such as Catherine and The Last of Us, One Dreamer mashes together a variety of gameplay styles to create a unique and un-repetitive experience.
When Frank is awake they are in a Reality state. Here gameplay consists of detective style wandering around, interacting with objects and puzzle-solving elements.
When Frank falls asleep they are in a Dream state. Gameplay drastically changes to suit the majestic settings of their dreams. This includes several platformer like elements, The Last of Us style interactive cinematics and a stealth enemy system. Yep, were big fans of the The Last of Us. Minor gameplay elements include character switching, inventory crafting and rope climbing. Overall gameplay in the Dream state is much more fast pace, unpredictable and skill based compared to the puzzle-solving type gameplay in the Reality state.
(Click for hi-res)
(Click for hi-res)
Why Multiple Gameplay Styles?
The Reality & Dream states allow for a unique storytelling experience, with the theme of the game changing to suit the different perspectives. Frank actions and decisions during both states will affect the story's conclusion. These two styles also help keep the player interested and avoids repetitive gameplay.
Interactive Object Mechanics
Interacting with everyday objects plays an important role in the reality state of One Dreamer. For example, as an indie game developer Frank uses their computer while awake. Here they can work on their project, view webpages and choose responses to emails. Other interactive objects range from a television, whiteboard, washing machine, elevator and even a coffee machine. How you choose to interact with objects helps decide the games ending.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Platforms
One Dreamer is aiming to be released on Mac, PC and Linux through Steam (If greenlit) and possibly other platforms such as Humble Store, Itch.io, etc. One Dreamer will also be released on Playstation Vita and Playstation 4 if the stretch goals are reached.
(Click for hi-res)
One Dreamer features a wide cast of different characters revolving around Frank's everyday life and also their alternate versions in Franks dreams. Characters in the Reality state include their pet rabbit, girlfriend, parents and associate game developers, while characters in the dream state vary and are heavily influenced on Franks mental state.
We believe music is an extremely important part of any story driven media, which is why we've had the OST developed simultaneously with the game to insure every piece works seamlessly. For the narration we went for voice acting to provide an in-depth storytelling experience without causing the audience to read to much dialogue or interrupting gameplay. Having all of this development side by side benefits the way they connect.
One dreamer has been featured on several websites and blogs. If you would like to read any of the articles you can find a list of them here. Over 50 Let's Play Youtube videos have been made about the One Dreamer demo. A list can be found here.
We're a group of locals born and bred in a small town called Darwin in Australia. We grew up together and went to school together. Yes, its a pretty cute story. We all are extremely passionate about One Dreamer and have significant experience in our respected roles.
Our stretch goals have been vigorously calculated to insure the highest quality, polished version of the game without any delays in the development progress. We are confident if we reach our stretch goals we will have the resources to launch on other platforms Nov 2016 with a 50 minute+ original soundtrack. We have already started recording the short documentary and it will contain footage over the whole development progress.
We have already spent close to 2 years planning and developing One Dreamer. However over the last few months we have started to purchase further equipment and software, deciding we must determine if we can afford to complete the project at the length and quality we hoped to achieve. With our pockets emptied & our hearts in our mouths its time to see if anyone else shares the same dream as us. Here is a breakdown of our budget.
We have tried to make the rewards as fun as possible. All physical rewards will be shipped via Australian Post Airmail to insure prompt delivery.
YouGov tested a representative sample of British adults on the revamped citizenship test for aspiring immigrants and found that 1 in 2 young people would fail
Theresa May recently revamped the 'Life in the UK' test that all aspiring UK immigrants must pass to gain citizenship, to place more emphasis on British history and achievements. One needs to achieve 75% correct to pass, but only 49% of the 18 to 24 age group managed that. The older you are, the better you are likely to do: 65% of 25-39s, 78% of 40-59s, and 92% of the over-sixties achieved the required passing grade on our test.
The question that fewest people were able to answer actually had just two options: are magistrates specially trained solicitors? Or are they usually unpaid and without any legal qualifications? Only 53% were able to choose the right answer (the second one). By contrast, 97% managed to say that the Premier League is linked to football. 37% believe - incorrectly, it seems necessary to add - that Cyprus is a British territory.
The test was a sample practise test provided by the latest official practise handbook.
See the full poll results
I've had a lot of friends and family asking me to keep a blog or vlog so they can keep up with all the different things I have going on, since I'm kind of tough to reach these days. After much delay, I present to you, the first of what will hopefully (time permitting) be many posts to the Eric Leopardi blog. I'll do my best to keep updates coming once or twice a week, or more, and also share some great tips, tricks, and strategies to help the other VO folks out there! Let's get started..
What a year last year was. It certainly had plenty of up's and downs, but it ended on a very high UP. After years of trying, I finally signed with William Morris Endeavor. That's the agency I've wanted to be a part of since I started in this business 22 years ago. Mission accomplished, and it feels good. Love it there, love the folks, and I couldn't be happier. Got a second home in LA and started spending a lot of time working “in-town”. Certainly a unique and enriching experience, but I miss my Rocky Mountain paradise and hope to spend plenty of time in Colorado in the future. Also, I've started this year with a laser focus on new business development. I've built a nice, comfortable book of clients over the years, but I want to be careful not to rest on my laurels. I've started beating the pavement right out of the shoot, and it's already paying off.
When I was building my career years ago, I used to force myself to email 5 new potential clients every business day. I did this for 2 years, and by the end of 2 years I had more business than I knew what to do with.
However with all that business, came extreme time constraints, so I moved away from prospecting and haven't touched it in years. This year, I've decided that – no matter what I'm doing -I'm going to find a way to make time to email/call/network with at least 3 new potential clients every day. If I get too busy with sessions as the year starts, I've decided I'll hire a studio assistant to lighten the load, so as to maintain my prospecting practices. New business development is the theme this year! So far, it's paying off big time, too! 12 days into the year, I've picked up over $3,000 in new money from clients I connected with since the 1st of the year, on top of my usual book of business! Great, right!? I was very pleased with the initial surge from prospecting. Since the first, my prospecting has resulted in the following deliverables; I have signed with a new agency in a otherwise unrepresented market for me, have been added to the talent roster for one of the larger auto ad agencies in the country, and have been added to the talent roster for 2 new mid-tier auto ad agencies (Most of which have already booked something). Pretty great progress for under 2 weeks, eh!? There's just no way around it, consistent prospecting delivers results consistently (see what I did there), when done right. I'll be updating progress on my prospecting efforts regularly on here, so we can follow along together and make adjustments, when necessary.
I have a process I've followed since I began prospecting for VO many years ago, and when followed, it ALWAYS delivers results; and fast!!
For those of you in the VO business, I'll try to put together a brief outline of how I do it, and post it for you to read soon. Maybe it'll work for you, or maybe you have some ideas to make it better. Either way, let's collaborate and talk about it; find a way to help each other.
That brings me to my next point; collaboration! I'm focusing on it this year. As many of you may know, I've not been the most social person the past 4 years or so, which was a big deviation from how I used to be. I was focusing so hard on my business and my own VO work, I made absolutely no time or effort to connect with people. Can you believe that? People, the most wonderful part about this industry/world, and I was TOTALLY ignoring it. That is changing this year! Life is so much more than dollars and cents, and it's time I start seeing it that way. I want to meet new people every week, talk with other VO artists as much as possible, help where I can, and more than anything, collaborate and share experience. That is a key deliverable I've set for myself this year; Help others, connect with others, and collaborate. I'm focusing on it.
With that said, if you're reading this and you have equipment questions, strategy questions, copy interpretation questions, or really any questions at all; reach out to me!
I'd love to hear from you! Follow me on Instagram @speak2u, Subscribe on Youtube, Add me on FB; let's connect! Don't hesitate to contact me, as I really want to talk with everyone this year and start to give back more to this great industry. I may not respond immediately, but I WILL respond as soon as I have a free moment. I promise. If I don't have the answer, I'll make every effort to find it for you. Let's grow together.
Lastly, I'm working on an exciting new Travel & Food web-series, and just signed a really awesome co-host! I think this will be a great way to have some fun, explore some cool places, push production capabilities, and generally just have a great time. I hope you all will subscribe and following along with each weeks episode!
Take a look at the opener that was just finished, and please subscribe to my channel for future episodes:
br>
Leave me a comment and let me know what topics you'd like me to cover as I go along, and how I can contribute in a way that helps YOU grow!
Till next time – E
Had I been asked a couple of years ago how I would vote in the referendum on whether or not the UK should stay in the European Union, my answer would have been unequivocal.
The EU seemed to me to be a civilising force, restraining the cruel and destructive tendencies of certain member governments (including our own), setting standards that prevented them from destroying the natural world or trashing workers rights, creating a buffer between them and the corporate lobby groups that present an urgent threat to democracy.
Everything good about the ​EU is in retreat; everything bad is on the rampage.
Now I'm not so sure. Everything good about the EU is in retreat; everything bad is on the rampage.
I accept the principle of sharing sovereignty over issues of common concern. I do not accept the idea of the rich nations combining to crush the democratic will of the poorer nations, as they are seeking to do to Greece.
I accept the principle that the EU should represent our joint interests in creating treaties for the betterment of humankind. I do not accept that it has a right to go behind our backs and quietly negotiate a treaty with the US – the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) – that transfers power from parliaments to corporations.
I accept the principle that the EU could distribute money to the poor and marginalised. I do not accept that, as essential public services are cut, €57bn (£41bn) a year should be sloshed into the pockets of farmers, with the biggest, richest landowners receiving the largest payments. The EU's utter failure to stop this scandal should be a source of disillusionment even to its most enthusiastic supporters.
While these injustices, highly damaging to the reputation of the EU among people who might otherwise be inclined to defend it, are taking place, at the same time the EU's restraints on unaccountable power are in danger of being ripped away.
The slippage began with the disastrous abandonment last year of the soil framework directive, at the behest of agricultural lobbyists and the British government. It's the first time a directive has been derailed.
100 British conservation groups oppose review of EU wildlife laws Read more
The directive would have obliged the member states to minimise soil erosion and compaction, maintain the organic matter contained in the soil, prevent landslides and prevent soil from being contaminated with toxic substances. Could any sentient person object to these aims? And can anyone who has studied the complete failure of current soil protection measures in countries such as the United Kingdom, where even Farmer's Weekly admits that “British soils are reaching crisis point”, fail to see that further measures are required?
The National Farmers Union, who appear to regard it as their mission to vandalise the fabric of the nation, took credit for the decision.
Now the same industries are trying to sink the directives protecting the natural world. In some European countries, the nature directives are just about all that prevent the eradication of the wildlife that belongs to everyone and no one. Thanks to the capture and cowardice of the European commission, there is now a real danger that the industrial lobbyists who want to destroy our common heritage will get their way.
The EU's two nature directives – the birds directive and the habitats directive – are often all that stand between our wildlife and the industries that would destroy them.
Look, for example, at what's happening to our harbour porpoises. These beautiful creatures, that enhance the lives of everyone who has seen them leaping and playing the sea, are being caught and killed in fishing nets, starved to death by overfishing, mashed up by propellers and driven out of their feeding grounds by a cacophony of underwater noise from boats.
Our precious species would be in a much worse state were it not for the restraining influence of European law.
The only way in which they can be protected is through creating areas in which these activities are restricted, particularly in places such as the Hebrides, the outer Moray Firth and in parts of Cardigan Bay. But the only site the government has proposed is a tiny speck of sea off the coast of Northern Ireland.
The one defence this species has against the mailed fist of the fishing industry, which appears to be locked around the sensitive parts of the UK's environment department, is an appeal under the habitats directive, of which this country is blatantly in breach.
Or look at the continued massacre of birds of prey by grouse shooting estates, which operate as black holes in which hen harriers, peregrines, eagles and other species disappear without trace: shot, trapped or poisoned by an industry that exists to serve the ultra-elite, while damaging the common heritage of humankind.
There's no point in asking nicely: representing the interests of the ultra-elite while damaging the common interests of humankind appears to be the government's mission. So the only possible restraint is an appeal under the birds directive, which the UK government signed and still claims to uphold.
Badly and erratically as we protect our precious species and the places in which they live, they would be in a much worse state were it not for the restraining influence of European law.
I happen to think that there is quite a lot wrong with the habitats directive. Some of the places it protects, at the behest of national governments, are highly degraded ecosystems, and it locks them into their depleted state, ensuring that they can recover neither the wealth of species that might live there, nor much of dynamism and ecological function that could otherwise have been restored.
The irrational way in which upland heather moors are protected is one example. Like the strikingly similar landscapes of low wiry vegetation that you can now see in some former rainforest areas in the tropics, these habitats have been created through repeated cycles of cutting and burning. This destruction is necessary to keep these wastelands in their current state, by preventing trees from returning.
Proposals to 'reform' the directives, are likely to make them worse, not better.
While we decry these processes when we see them take place abroad, here we treat them as if they were essential conservation tools. It's a form of madness which afflicts everyone from grouse moor owners to conservationist groups, and it reflects an astonishing loss of perspective on the part of those who should be protecting the natural world. The habitats directive is one of the legal instruments that has turned this continued destruction into a legal requirement.
But the European commission's proposals to “reform” the directives, are likely to make them worse, not better. The danger is that it will leave their irrational aspects intact, while stripping away the essential protections they offer to our wildlife.
No one is in any doubt that the reform being proposed is the kind that is usually enacted with a can of petrol and a box of matches. In November last year, Jean-Claude Juncker, the president of the European commission, instructed the environment commissioner to “overhaul” the directives and to examine the possibility of merging them. A reliable if sometimes eccentric set of protections is now at mortal risk.
A public consultation on these proposals is taking place at the moment, and it closes on 24 July. I'll repeat that because the only hope these directives possess is a huge public response calling for their defence. The consultation closes on 24 July. Please send in your views. Already, 270,000 people have done so, prompted by campaigning organisations such as the RSPB. Let's turn this into half a million.
The ostensible purpose of this proposed vandalism is to reduce the costs to business. But when the Conservative former president of Bavaria, Edmund Stoiber, was asked by the European commission to conduct a review of all European legislation, with a view to deregulating it, they discovered that the combined impact of all seven of the EU's environmental directives (of which birds and habitats are just two) is less than 1% of the total cost to business caused by European law. In other words it is utterly insignificant.
Osborne's claim wildlife rules too costly for business challenged by own review Read more
In fact, changing these directives could be costly for businesses, as they have already adapted their practices to meet them, and they would have to start all over again if the laws are changed.
The threat to the directives arises not from a demand by business as a whole, but from pressure by two of the most destructive industries in the EU, Big Farmer and the construction lobby. That the European commission should have chosen to listen to them while ignoring the views of everyone else cuts to the heart of what is going wrong there.
So when the referendum comes, I will find myself in a struggle I never anticipated. I am an internationalist. I think it's essential that issues which transcend national borders are tackled together, rather than apart. I recognise the hideous history of conflict in Europe, and the extraordinary achievement of peace that the European Union represents. I feel nothing in common with the Eurosceptics of the right, who appear to see the EU as interfering with their god-given right to exploit other people and destroy their surroundings.
My feelings towards the EU are now similar to my feelings towards the BBC: a sense that I ought to join the defence of this institution against reactionary forces, but that it has succumbed so catastrophically to those forces that there is little left to defend. If the nature directives go down, while TTIP and the fiscal waterboarding of countries like Greece proceed, it will not be obvious what continued membership has to offer us.
Monbiot.com
Microsoft's Office suite for iPad, iPhone, and Android is now free. In a surprise move, the software giant is shaking up its mobile Office strategy to keep consumers hooked to Word, Excel, and PowerPoint documents. Starting today, you'll no longer need an Office 365 subscription to edit documents or store them in the cloud. The move comes just days after Microsoft announced a strategic partnership with Dropbox to integrate the cloud storage service into Office across desktop, mobile, and the web. You can now download Office for iPad and store all your documents on Dropbox without paying Microsoft anything at all. Microsoft is also releasing a brand-new iPhone app today, alongside a preview of Office for Android tablets, all with Dropbox integration.
Free mobile Office sounds crazy, but is it really?
Microsoft's plans might sound crazy to most, and at first glance it's easy to come to that conclusion, but the company argues it's a matter of moving its free web apps to mobile. "It's an extension of the strategy that we've got," explains Microsoft's head of Office marketing Michael Atalla. "It's not a total strategic shift, as much of an extension of the existing strategy." Microsoft offers free Office apps online, and Atalla argues that recent development model changes inside Microsoft have allowed the company to open up editing functionality to mobile clients. "We're taking that same user experience we provide online to the native apps of iOS and Android. We want to make sure that our customers can be productive across all the devices they have."
While consumers using Office mobile will be able to access the apps for free, Microsoft isn't extending this free functionality to businesses. An Office 365 subscription will be required to edit documents that are stored on OneDrive for Business or Dropbox for business, a clear sign of how Microsoft will continue to generate money from the thousands of businesses that rely on its productivity suite and cloud platform. "There's still premium value that we'll add on top of that," says Atalla. "There will still be subscription value, most clearly and easily identifiable in the commercial space, but also in the consumer space around advanced authoring, analysis, presentation, and unlimited storage with OneDrive." Microsoft is also restricting some chart element customization and track changes to paid customers, making them premium features.
Microsoft wants to keep people hooked on Office
The key here appears to be a strategic move by Microsoft to keep Office competition out of the mobile space. It's all too easy for competitors to build rival products and ship them for free on iPad, iPhone, and Android, offering premium features on top. Microsoft's Office suite is dominant, which also means it's ripe for disruption. If there's a rival Office iPad app that's free and easy to use, that could tempt consumers away from their preconceived reliance on Word, Excel, and PowerPoint. CloudOn, a gesture-based app for editing Office documents, has seen some early success here. Apple also offers its own iWork apps on iPad at no extra cost, and several rivals, including the maker of the popular Paper iPad app, are emerging to threaten Office on mobile. The nightmare situation for Microsoft is that consumers realize soon that they don't need Office to create their resume or personal documents, so why should they pay for it on a smartphone or tablet where they're used to getting free apps.
While Microsoft will never admit it, it's that threat more than anything that has forced the company's mobile shift here. "By in large we want that core authoring experience in front of all the users that love Office on any device they choose," explains Atalla. That core authoring experience can help keep Office users hooked, and Microsoft doesn't want to face a future where consumers, and eventually businesses, are no longer obsessing over Word, Excel, and PowerPoint. There's also a play here to get consumers using OneDrive cloud storage and a Microsoft Account. Both of these can help Microsoft tempt consumers over to Office 365 for additional storage and the added benefit of Office for PC and Mac as part of a subscription. It's a bold move from Microsoft, but also a defensive one. Microsoft's competition will now have to look elsewhere to plot their Office attack.
RBI says linking bank account with Aadhaar not mandatory: Report
Online Desk |
Published: 19th October 2017 04:48 PM
Image used for representational purpose only. (File photo | Reuters)
In the wake of banks threatening their customers with the suspension of accounts for failing to link with Aadhar, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has said that it "has not issued any instruction so far regarding mandatory liking of Aadhaar number with bank accounts." The central bank revealed the information in response to an RTI application filed by Yogesh Sapkale of news website moneylife.in.
The response indicates that the decision on mandatory linking of bank accounts with Aadhaar comes from the central government alone and not the RBI.
RBI said: "The Government has issued a Gazette Notification GSR 538(E) dated 1 June 2017 regarding Prevention of Money laundering (Maintenance of Records) Second Amendment Rules, 2017, inter-alia,
making furnishing of Aadhaar (for those individuals who are eligible to be enrolled for Aadhaar) and permanent number (PAN) mandatory for opening a bank account. It may be noted that Reserve Bank has not yet issued an instruction in this regard".
Even though the Supreme Court has restricted the usage of Aadhaar to six schemes, the Central government has made it mandatory to link Aadhar for over 50 centrally-sponsored schemes. Legal experts have questioned the validity of the order, which blatantly violates the Supreme Court order on Aadhar.
The moneylife.in article points out that the Section 7 of the Aadhaar Act says giving the Aadhaar number is required for receiving benefits or services for which expenditure comes from Consolidated Fund of
India. But a person who is a bank customer mostly uses their or their own money for the account, and not from the Fund.
A total of 130 couples said “I do” in a mass wedding at Rio de Janeiro's Superior Court of Justice, marking the city's first gay civil marriages.
In mid-May, Brazilian courts determined that public offices that oversee marriages cannot reject gay couples, even though Brazil's national congress has passed no law on the matter.
Some public offices had already been accepting marriage applications from homosexual couples, while others denied them.
An emotional Viviane Soares Lessa de Faria, 38, smiled at their partner and told news site G1 “I've dreamed of marrying them since I met her.”
Them wife's 29-year-old son was the couple's best man.
For Giuseppe Laricchia, 21, marrying their boyfriend was about guaranteeing rights.
“We need to have equality compared with heterosexual couples,” they said.
Judge Cristina Gaulia said the mass ceremony marked a “political victory.”
Civil unions between gay couples were recognized two years ago by the Supreme Court, which granted gay spouses the same rights as heterosexual spouses.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
The pregnant mother of a 5-year-old boy who was found buried in their backyard on Cleveland's west side earlier this month has been indicted in connection with their death.
The mother, 34-year-old Larissa Rodriguez, has been charged with murder, felonious assault, endangering children and offenses against a human corpse, according to Cleveland television station WEWS reported Thursday.
Jordan Rodriguez's body was found by authorities after police received a 911 call from a tipster who claimed to be the brother of the mother's boyfriend.
In the call, the man, who said they are in the Air Force and was overseas in Pakistan, told dispatchers that their brother confessed to burying the child in the backyard of their home with their girlfriend.
The child died in September, the same month they were last seen alive, according to investigators.
Court documents obtained by KTLA sister station WJW in Cleveland revealed there were signs of abuse on the child's remains, including broken ribs. They also had various health ailments, but their mother did not seek medical attention for him, according to prosecutors.
A cause of death, however, remained unknown.
Larissa Rodriguez has nine children and is expecting another one, according to WJW. Since 1999, child welfare caseworkers have been called out to deal with Rodriguez on various complaints, ranging from neglect to physical abuse, a spokesperson for Cuyahoga County told the station.
Reunion 2017 - A spiritual retreat in the hills of Tennessee, hosted by the United Pursuit family.
Reunion 2017 is going to be a delicious taste of God's kingdom. We'll be gathering as family to relish Their goodness in a setting like no other. Expect music, prayer, workshops, late-night campfires, and the fellowship of friends, old and new. Come as you are. Leave encouraged.
To keep things simple, one ticket gets you...
Access to the farm for all four days of Reunion
An on-site parking spot located a few hundred yards from the designated camping grounds
A guaranteed place to camp
If you are coming with friends, each person needs a ticket. 1 ticket per person required!
*PLEASE NOTE*
Regardless of how many days you're able to stay at Reunion, you must purchase a 4-day ticket. Day passes are not available at this time.
Please carpool if you can. It c uts down on traffic, polution, and makes us event planners happy:)
Plan on sharing tents too with friends, if you can. It's more fun and & makes the camping area less packed. Win/win.
We have two optional upgrades available this year
1) Drive-Up Campsite Pass - $30
New for 2017, we're providing a limited number of drive-up campsites. Great for families or people with lots of equipment. Select this add-on purchase when purchasing your ticket. Only one Drive-Up Campsite-Pass per car is necessary. (In other words, if you carpool with four friends and opt for a drive-up campsite, only one person in the car needs to purchase the upgrade.)
2) Glamping Tents - $650 to $950
Standard: $650 (3 nights) 16' tent 1 queen bed or 2 twins ($100 extra for 2 queen beds) linens pillows table 2 chairs small rug battery powered lantern Premium: $850 (3 nights)
Everything included in standard package
AC or heat (depending on weather forecast)
large rug
night stands
electric lamps
throw pillows
FAQ
“How does parking work?”
We have two parking options for Reunion 2017: the parking lot or drive-up campsites.
1) Parking Lot: This is the same as last year's parking arrangement but located in a different spot on the grounds. You'll park a few hundred yards off site and hike into the camp area with your gear. Cost: FREE
2) Drive-up Campsites: Reserved for those who've purchase an drive-up campsite pass
“How does camping work?"
Every person who purchases a ticket is guaranteed a basic camping spot at the farm. Camping location is first come, first served.
“Can I volunteer and get a discounted ticket?"
We will be needing volunteers for Reunion and are working quickly to nail down the job responsibilities. We will email ticket holders once we know more. In short, it will be possible to get a partial refund on your ticket if you claim a volunteer position in the coming weeks. More to come!
"Can children come? Will there be a price break?"
Yes! We only ask that parents fill out a parental supervision waiver at least 10 days before the event, as per the request of our hosts. We will be emailing out waivers in the coming weeks. As for children discounts, children under 12 are free.
“What about food?”
We will have a selection of food trucks on site serving breakfast, lunch, dinner, snacks, and hot and cold drinks. All will be reasonably priced. You are welcome to bring your own food as well. There will be shared cooking areas with grills, prep tables, etc. You can bring you own camping stove but no personal firepits or flames in campsite.
"I'm not the biggest fan of camping...can I still come and sleep at a hotel?"
Yes you can :) There are a few hotels within a 10-15 minute drive, near Dickson, TN.
“Can I bring my RV/camper?"
No. Sorry guys. At this point, we can't handle the extra complexities that comes with mixing tents and RV/s together.
"What's the refund policy?"
This is a rain or shine, non-refundable event. If your plans change and you can no longer attend, you are welcome to transfer your ticket to someone else. You can transfer tickets to another person on your own, learn how.
If you have any additional questions about tickets, please refer to our FAQs on the Reunion site. We've done our best to think of everything. https://unitedpursuit.com/reunion/faq
by BRIAN NADIG
The new Milwaukee's Food and Liquor, 4701 N. Milwaukee Ave., will be able to sell liquor despite community opposition that initially led to the denial of its liquor license application.
A license for packaged liquor goods is being issued to the owner of the store after they agreed to restrictions which address residents' concerns, Alderman John Arena's chief of staff Owen Brugh said. A License Appeal Commission hearing was canceled last week after the owner signed a plan of operation, which allows the restrictions to become conditions of the license, Brugh said.
"It is a small grocery with a liquor section, not a liquor store with a small grocery section," Brugh said. "The requirement that they comply with that provision, which is in the zoning code, is also in the plan of operation, so we have two different avenues to enforce if it becomes an issue."
The Chicago Liquor Commission denied the store's application because of a high concentration of liquor stores in the area and residents' concerns about vagrancy, noise, increased traffic and public intoxication. Arena expressed concern that the store would be too close residences and to Wilson Park, 4630 N. Milwaukee Ave.
The restrictions include a ban on the sale of single-serve containers of beer and half pints of liquor, and the sale of liquor is restricted to the hours of 11 a.m. to 11 p.m. Sunday through Friday and 10 a.m. to midnight on Saturdays. Without the plan of operation, the sale of liquor would be allowed to 2 a.m.
After the first year, the time for the sale of liquor will be extended to 1 a.m. Saturday nights if the store has shown to be a responsible license holder, Brugh said. In addition, liquor which retails for less than $6.99 cannot be sold, and coolers which are used to store liquor must be kept locked before and after the designated hours for the sale of alcohol.
Brugh said that the restrictions could not have been guaranteed if the matter had gone to court. "While we feel we would have won at the license appeal hearing, in the courts it would have been a coin toss," they said.
The plan of operation also requires that a wrought iron-style fence be installed at a driveway entrance on Milwaukee that leads to parking in the rear of the site. The fence could include a gate, but only residents who live in the building's second-floor apartments would to enter through the gate.
Brugh said that blocking access to the rear parking lot from the store's patrons addresses concerns about public drinking behind the store and about traffic in the alley. They said that street parking should be sufficient to accommodate the store's customers. The previous occupant of the storefront was a carpet business.
Brugh said that the plan of operation for the store is similar to one that was implemented earlier this year for the 7-Eleven store at 4859 N. Milwaukee Ave. The 7-Eleven lost its liquor license last year after it changed from being a franchise to a corporate store, and the liquor commission initially denied its application because of concerns about public drinking near the Jefferson Park CTA terminal, 4917 N. Milwaukee Ave.
John Graham & Company, or John Graham & Associates was the name of an architectural firm, founded in 1900 in Seattle, Washington, by English-born architect John Graham (1873–1955), and maintained by their son John Graham Jr. (1908–1991).
The firm was responsible for many Seattle landmarks and a number of significant structures nationwide, including the Space Needle, the Chase Tower of Rochester, New York, and the Westin Seattle.
The firm was merged into the DLR Group on May 19, 1986, and the name saw full deletion in 1998.[1]
John Graham [ edit ]
John Graham was born in Liverpool, England in 1873. They apprenticed as an architect in England as a young man. First visiting Seattle, Washington, in 1896, they immigrated to the United States in 1900, starting a one-man architectural practice in Seattle. They started off modestly, designing mainly industrial-related buildings and private residences. Their first notable project was designing the reconstruction of the Trinity Parish Church at Eight Avenue and James Street in 1902 after it had been damaged by fire.
After a brief partnership with Alfred Bodley in 1904, Graham founded the firm of Graham & Myers with David J. Myers in 1906. They would work with Myers until 1910. As architect for the Ford Motor Company, they designed more than 30 of Ford's assembly plants between 1912 and 1940. Throughout the 1920s and 30s, they would design hundreds of commercial and public buildings in the Seattle area including the Frederick & Nelson store (now Nordstrom) in 1916. They also helped found the Seattle Yacht Club.
They retired from architecture in 1945 and died on March 20, 1955, while on tour in Hong Kong.[2]
John Graham Jr. [ edit ]
John Graham Jr. (1908-91) was born and raised in Seattle, Washington.[3] After graduating from Yale University, they established a short-lived satellite office of their father's firm in New York City in 1937, and took over the main office in 1946. Renaming the firm to John Graham & Company, the firm expanded a relatively modest regional practice to an office with national presence. It was ultimately responsible for over a thousand commissions.[3]
Their primary focus was commercial projects. Many were straightforward mid-century modernist office towers, such as San Francisco's 1967 44 Montgomery tower. But Graham was also responsible for early development of the enclosed shopping mall genre, notably Seattle's Northgate Shopping Center,[4] which opened April 21, 1950,[5] which anticipates the better-known Northland Center in Detroit by four years. The firm would go on to design seventy malls nationwide.
The authorship of Graham's single most prominent work, the Space Needle, is disputed. Both Graham's office and the Seattle architect Victor Steinbrueck, a consultant on the project, claimed design credit; the design was also influenced by the Century 21 Exposition design standards and aerospace theme established by supervising architect Paul Thiry. Clearly the revolving restaurant, the "Eye of the Needle", was Graham's conception. He'd already devised "La Ronde" for the Ala Moana Shopping Center in Honolulu in 1961, and was awarded a patent for the idea in 1964.
Graham died in Seattle on January 29, 1991.
Prewar Work [ edit ]
The following structures are in Seattle unless otherwise noted:
Postwar Work [ edit ]
The Ilikai, Honolulu
[7]
About
Here is a link to Crushin' Robots - NYC on the Appstore if you want to check it out first. It is a Free download.
Crushin' Robots - NYC is a free and popular arcade game available on the App Store. We have created a great game and want to get it out to the other half of the smart phone world. As you all know, lots of blood and sweat goes into creative projects and the ultimate goal is to reach a large audience and share your work. This is why we are reaching out to the kickstarter community.
Risks and challenges
Production should take 2-3 months but issues can arise which could delay the finished product. I will work extremely hard to keep the project as close to the time frame expected.
One of the hardest parts of making an app is marketing the app. We have tested many of the marketing avenues (i.e., banner ads, social media, giveaways, interstitials, etc.) and now have a good understanding of which ones work best. Having said that, there is still no guarentee that a marketing campaign will be successful.
Delays could occur in the production of tee-shirts, posters, hats, stickers and/or bobbleheads due to third party vendors. If there is any delay, I will be sure to notify you and keep you up to date with the progress.
Sometimes schedules do not coincide. If you select a reward which includes a dinner meeting, I will make my best effort to find a date relatively close to the delivery date to meet up with you for dinner. I won't be able to travel much farther then the New York Tri-State area. Basically no more than a 3-4 hour car trip. Hope you understand. Gotta put as much money into the game as I can.
If you fund one of the three $5000 rewards and get to record a robot voice, there could be a delay in sound studio availability or scheduling conflicts between some or all parties. I will work to resolve these issues in as quick a manner as I can. If you record a robot voice, it is with the understanding that you must sign a release form giving us, Falling Objects Entertainment LLC, the right and ownership of the recording and expect to receive zero compensation for the recording or from any sales or revenue made from the game Crushin' Robots - NYC and any related products, projects or spin offs of Crushin' Robots - NYC and Falling Objects Entertainment LLC.
Brenda Schumann of Vero Beach, Florida, was arrested last month and charged with aggravated assault and domestic violence after they allegedly threatened to kill their husband and their girlfriend before defecating on the kitchen floor.
Law enforcement officials from Indian River County say Schumann burst into the home of their estranged husband Donovan in the early morning hours of December 21, and aimed a rifle at their girlfriend yelling "I'll fucking kill you both!"
During a moment of distraction, Donovan managed to snatch the weapon from Brenda and hide in a nearby closet. (No word on whether they brought their girlfriend in there with him.)
Brenda refused to leave, and proceeded to the hallway where they urinated on the carpet. They then moved downstairs to the kitchen and evacuated their bowels on the floor.
Wandering around some more, Brenda located a second rifle, and began shooting up photos, mirrors, and Christmas decorations.
With their rampage options thoroughly exhausted, the 51-year-old finally left the residence, still armed with the rifle.
Brenda was later arrested at their home on the same street, but not before daubing the "resisting arrest" square of their Florida Bingo card.
"I found them in bed with a naked chick," Brenda said to their arresting deputies, unprompted. "What was I supposed to do?"
Brenda and Donovan have reportedly been separated for several months, and are in the process of getting a divorce. Donovan and their girlfriend told deputies they didn't know what made Brenda suddenly become violent toward them.
[H/T: MSN Now, mug shots via KLTV]
Posted by DAN SAVAGE on May 4 at 13:05 PM
I usually lie about my agebecause I can, Skip, because I canbut for this post, I have to come clean: I'm 41 years-old, so I'm old enough to remember white flight, which was roaring in the late 1960s and early 1970s when I was a little kid.
Back then all white liberalsmy parents includedwere in agreement about white flight: It was a bad thing, and white people who fled the cities because they didn't want to live in racially mixed neighborhoods were bigots. (My family stayed put in our Chicago neighborhood as it went from predominantly Irish to mostly Mexican.) Liberals screamed and yelled at white folks who fled cities for the ‘burbs. Those white folks were were assholesand they contributed mightily to the decline of US cities in the 60s, 70s, and early 80s. Then something strange started happening in the 1980s. White folks started moving back into the citiessome moved into racially mixed neighborhoods; some moved into predominantly minority neighborhoods. This trend has only picked up steam over the last twenty years.
And many of the same white liberals who condemned white flight are just as angry at the white folks who are moving back into the cities. When white people moved away in the 50s, 60s, and 70s, they were guilty of white flight. And when white people came back, they were guilty of gentrification.
Danny Westneat has a column in the Seattle Times today about gentrificationalthough they don't use the word. They make some good points about the cluelessness of white people who get angry at African Americans who express any reservations at all about white folks moving in to traditionally black neighborhoods.
“People should be welcome to live where they want to without regard to their skin color, without being regarded as ‘invaders,' ” wrote Mark Hovila of Lake Forest Park. Asked Ben Dobbs: “Could you imagine an article such as yours with roles reversed?” … OK, I'll play along. Let's reverse the roles. Not just the skin color  the roles. Suppose whites had been shunted via redlining into one of the most run-down parts of Seattle. Then, 40 years later, suppose some wealthy and connected African Americans began buying up the land, putting up megahouses, running the community councils and dominating the PTAs.
It's a great pointthe anger in the African American community as the Central District integrates is completely understandable. But African Americans are no longer shunted into just one neighborhood in the cityWestneat cites a UW study that shows that the city is less racially segregated now than it was 30 years agoso the anger, while understandable, can't really be regarded as legit. Or as something that can be accommodated. (More affordable housingyes, yes, yes. But can anything be done to ensure that the Central District remains majority black? And do we once again think we're talking about race when what we're really talkingor should be talking aboutis class?)
But even if they didn't use the word, without a doubt many white liberals who read Westneat's column todayincluding some of my co-workers, I suspectshook their heads and thought, “Oh, gentrification is terrible! Terrible!â So I'd like to get this on record: White people can't be assholes when they flee the cities and assholes when they return. Pick one and stick to it, but you can't argue both points. I get annoyed when I hear the same people/same types of people who complained about white flight back in the 60s and 70s complaining about gentrification today.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
Islamic State's Egypt wing claimed responsibility for a series of attacks that killed at least 27 on Thursday in some of the worst anti-state violence in months, after commemorations around the anniversary of the 2011 uprising turned deadly this week.
Egypt's government faces an Islamist insurgency based in Sinai and growing discontent with what critics perceive as heavy handed security tactics.
A series of tweets from the Sinai Province's Twitter account claimed responsibility for each of the four attacks that took place in North Sinai and Suez provinces within hours of one another on Thursday night.Ansar Bayt al-Maqdis, Egypt's most active militant group, changed its name to Sinai Province last year after swearing allegiance to Islamic State, the hardline Sunni militant group that has seized swathes of Iraq and Syria, drawing US-led airstrikes.Thursday's first attack was a bombing targeting a military headquarters, base and hotel in the capital of North Sinai province that killed 25 and wounded at least 58, including nine civilians, security and medical sources said.The flagship government newspaper, al-Ahram, said its office in the city of Al-Arish, which is situated opposite the military buildings, had been "completely destroyed," although it was not clear if it had been a target.Later, suspected militants killed an army major and wounded six others at a checkpoint in Rafah, followed by a roadside bomb in Suez city that killed a police officer, and an assault on a checkpoint south of Al-Arish that wounded four soldiers, security sources said.Sinai-based militants have killed hundreds of security officers since President Mohamed Morsi of the Muslim Brotherhood was removed from power following mass protests against their rule.The military said in a statement on its Facebook page that the attacks were the result of a successful campaign to pressure the militants.The US State Department condemned the attack, saying in a statement: "The United States remains steadfast in its support of the Egyptian government's efforts to combat the threat of terrorism in Egypt as part of our continuing commitment to the strategic partnership between our two countries."Tensions have risen across Egypt in the past week with protests, some of them violent, marking four years since the uprising that ousted veteran autocrat Hosni Mubarak from power.Earlier on Thursday, a group of women protested in Cairo over the death of activist Shaimaa Sabbagh and around 25 others said to have been killed by security forces at rallies commemorating the 2011 uprising.Sabbagh, 32, died on Saturday as riot police were breaking up a small, peaceful demonstration. Friends said they had been shot, and images of their bleeding body rippled out across social media, sparking outrage and condemnation."The Interior Ministry are thugs!" chanted around 100 women protesters at the site of Sabbagh's death. Some held up signs with the word "murderer" scrawled over the face of Interior Minister Mohamed Ibrahim.The protesters were defying a law that severely restricts protests. "People are here at incredible risk to themselves. But it's a way of standing against the fear they have instilled," said activist Yasmin el-Rifae.Ibrahim has said an investigation into Sabbagh's death will lead to prosecution if any member of the security forces is found responsible.One of the organizers of Thursday's demonstration said they had asked only women to attend because they feared infiltration by plainclothes male agents.Across the street from the protesters, beside police officers, men stood making lewd gestures and yelling profanities. Others chanted in favor of President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi.Criticism is growing of the security tactics Sisi has used since Morsi was ousted.A crackdown that began with the deaths of hundreds of Brotherhood supporters and the imprisonment of thousands more has expanded to include liberals and other activists.Some of those now opposed to the government initially supported the protests that led to Morsi's removal and Sisi's rise to power, as people who knew Sabbagh said they had.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
A federal judge has okayed depositions of eight people about Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server as secretary of state – and the Democratic presidential front-runner could ultimately be grilled as well, a Judicial Watch official tellsIn an interview Friday with "Newsmax Prime" host J.D. Hayworth, Chris Farrell, director of research and investigations for the conservative watchdog group, said federal Judge Emmet Sullivan is "fed up."Judicial Watch's original lawsuit sought information about the emails of Clinton's top aide Huma Abedin, but has since moved onClinton's use of the private server, which critics say may have compromised national security."We've been authorized by the court to depose eight different characters around Mrs. Clinton both current and former government officials at the State Department," Farrell said. "We reserve the right and the court has granted us the ability to go back to the judge once we've completed the eight depositions to ask to interview Mrs. Clinton as well."Watch Newsmax TV onandGet Newsmax TV on your cable system —Sullivan's decision, according to Farrell, was fueled by their growing impatience with the State Department."From the bench they made reference to a drip, drip, drip of never ending, never changing declarations from the State Department as to what was being done, what was discovered, what wasn't and so they became quite frustrated with their never-ending stories," Farrell said.Farrell added that within the conservative group, there's little confidence in the Obama administration's Justice Department about the outcome of the current FBI investigation of the email issue."It's a political question" with respect to Attorney General Loretta Lynch deciding to prosecutor Clinton should the FBI probe find criminal wrongdoing."She's a political appointee, she's an ideologue, an Obama loyalist," they said. "So even if [FBI Director James Comey] had the stomach to go forward and really issue an ultimatum to the attorney general about going forward, it's not their call, it's the attorney general's call."
Mike DiGiovanni has been busy working on native apps for Glass, a task complicated by the lack of a native app launcher in the device, which is designed to primarily consume web services as opposed to running third-party software. He's solved this problem with the creation of Launchy, an app which provides an alternative home function which includes app selection.
The app takes advantage of the method by which settings are launched in Glass; by intercepting the “com.google.glass.action.ACTION_GO_TO_SETTINGS” action, the app prompts a dialog allowing selection of applications to complete the call. Once Launchy has been sideloaded on to the device, selecting settings will trigger the selection dialog, allowing Launchy to be configured as the default launching app.
Once it's installed and selected, a new “Launch” option appears in the settings menu which allow you to scroll through available APK's on the device.
Mike is a long time Android developer, and the Emerging Technology Lead at Roundarch Isobar, a position uniquely suited to helping create the future of Glass. We're excited to add them to our list of technical advisors at LivingThruGlass, and look forward to seeing their future Glassware development.
Today sees the announcement that one of the "candidate" planets listed from NASA's Kepler mission back in February is now confirmed, and it's a key one. At 2.4 times the diameter of the Earth the planet Kepler 22-b also orbits its parent star (which is a slightly less massive G-dwarf star than the Sun and 25% less luminous) in 290 Earth-days, which places it within the nominal "habitable zone". This system is about 600 light years from us.
This confirmation is one of a host of new results, as well as many new candidates. Altogether Kepler now has a staggering list of 2,326 possible planet detections, 207 of which are close to Earth in size and 680 are "super Earth" sized (i.e. up to about 10 times as large).
Interestingly, Kepler 22-b showed up as a transit signature just 3 days into Kepler's science observations back in 2009, but the protocol is to wait for 3 confirmed transit events before calling a detection a bona-fide confirmed planet.
So here it is, arguably a much better candidate than some others we've heard about over the past 36 months (including the seemingly ill-fated Gliese 581 g that was claimed to be an Earth-like world). But as always there are many ifs, buts, and maybes. The habitable zone is estimated (with variations in method) assuming that a planet has an Earth-like atmosphere, since the greenhouse effect is a vital ingredient in setting the surface temperature to between 0 and 100 Celsius (freezing and melting point of water). And of course, for there to be liquid water on the surface (an assumed critical factor for life as we know it - as a biochemical-solvent and essential part of geophysical and climate cycles) there has to be water. Neither of these two basic items are known to exist in this case, and so as glorious as Kepler 22-b is, it represents the tip of the iceberg (no watery pun) in terms of what's coming next and what we need to do next - which is get our hands on spectroscopic measurements of Earth-sized and super-Earth sized worlds.
How are we going to do that? Well, first we really need the James Webb Space Telescope to launch, and then it would be really, really cool if we could have something like the New Worlds Mission launch along with it...
Winegard Releases ConnecT RV Internet WiFI + 4GLTE Extender
Thu Apr 27, 2017
BURLINGTON, Iowa – Winegard has introduced the Winegard ConnecT RV Internet WiFi + 4GLTE Extender.
The Winegard ConnecT 4G1 is a fully-integrated system that works together for maximum security, faster RV internet speeds and increased range from any Wi-Fi source. Plus, when Wi-Fi is not available, it links to a reliable nationwide 4G LTE network for uninterrupted RV internet streaming while traveling anywhere. The Winegard ConnecT 4G1 helps keep mobile devices, media players and computers connected to the internet.
Winegard's MIMO technology gives improved range of transmission in places with a large concentration of connected devices such as RV parks, rallies and sporting events. Ultimately, the RVer gets higher signal strength with better streaming and fewer interruptions.
“Over 90 percent of RVers use a connected device when RVing," Winegard Director of Sales and Marketing Keith Larson says. "We developed the Winegard Connect 4G1 so RVers can have access to the internet virtually anywhere. The Winegard ConnecT 4G1 is unmatched by anything else on the market.”
The Winegard ConnecT 4G1 features:
• Prepaid 30-day Winegard ConnecT data plans (1GB-20GB)
• No contracts/No Commitments/No Activation Fees
• Winegard designed software that is simple and allows you to get online in just minutes.
• Secure local networks with lightning fast AC1750 WiFi speeds.
• (3) Detachable high-gain 5dBi outdoor antennas for increased range.
• (2) Detachable 4G LTE MIMO antennas
• (6) Internal MIMO antennas for maximum coverage.
• Streamlines set-up with single Ethernet cable installation.
• Proven dome design tested to meet the demands of the mobile environment
The Winegard ConnecT 4G benefits:
• Connect – to 4G LTE when Wi-Fi is not available.
• Simple – step-by-step on screen instruction makes setting-up a breeze.
• Secure – Always secure. Set-up your secure network once and you are done.
• Mobile – Increase the range for mobile devices inside and outside your RV.
• Streaming – MIMO technology provides improved range of transmission in places with a large concentration of connected devices such as RV parks and sporting events.
• 3X3 MIMO Advantage - MIMO technology provides higher signal strength, better streaming and fewer interruptions.
Designed and manufactured in the USA, the Winegard ConnecT 4G1 is backed by the industry best limited warranty which covers parts for 2 years and labor for 1 year.
The Winegard ConnecT 4G1 retails for $749 MSRP and is available now at Camping World and Dealers nationwide.
For more information or to purchase the Winegard ConnecT 4G1 - Long Range, High Performance WiFi Extender + 4G LTE, visit www.winegard.com/connect.
(ANSA) - Rome, July 29 - Italy will send 1.65 million euros in aid to Gaza, Foreign Minister Federica Mogherini told the Lower House Tuesday.
The funds are being donated following appeals from international agencies and NGOs, and will be spent on medicine and primary goods for the civilian population. "As well, Italy contributes four million euros to the United Nations agency for Palestinian refugees (UNRWA) budget, and two million euros to aid Palestinian refugees in Syria and Lebanon," the minister told MPs.
Halting the now 22-day war between Israel and Gaza's Hamas government is "imperative", Mogherini added.
''A truce is not, will not be decisive but it is the first, indispensable step to stop weapons and start the negotiating process. This is why we are all working so the sides will accept a first, immediate and unconditional truce'', added Mogherini.
Israeli air strikes have killed at least 100 Palestinians since midnight, including five entire families in the cities of Khan Younis and Rafah, local sources told Haaretz newspaper.
Also on Tuesday, a senior Palestinian Liberation Organization (PLO) official said all Palestinian factions have agreed to declare an unconditional 24- or 72-hour humanitarian ceasefire.
This was soon denied by the militant Hamas organization, which said it will only hold its fire if Israel does.
By Tim Hanstad, Special to CNN
Editor's note: Tim Hanstad is President and CEO of Landesa, a global development non-profit that works to secure land rights for the world's poor. Follow them @Landesa_Global. The views expressed are their own.
What do smoking, spanking, and drunk driving have in common?
Once upon a time they were perfectly acceptable behaviors.
Now they aren't.
That shift in behavior and thinking was hard won and offers great lessons in the battle to improve women's rights around the world, and my own organization's mission to improve women's land rights in particular.
Consider women's land rights in Kenya, for example. In 2010, Kenya adopted a new constitution that offered women unprecedented protections and freedoms – including stronger rights to own and inherit land.
But one year after the new constitution had been adopted, most rural Kenyans (and that's the overwhelming majority of the country's population) still did not know about women's new rights, and what little they had heard about the new constitution concerned them because it went against their culture.
So on the ground, little had changed for women.
And that's not unusual. As a wealth of research makes clear, laws alone are unlikely to change deeply engrained cultural behaviors and values if the legal change is not supported by parallel efforts to increase awareness and change behavior. (A great primer on this is a fascinating examination by George Mason University on traffic safety, recycling, smoking, and drug use campaigns.) Legal change is often necessary, but rarely sufficient.
So, in an effort to make the land rights enshrined in Kenya's new constitution “real” for women in rural Kenya, USAID and Landesa designed and implemented a project aimed at not only making rural people more aware of women's new rights, but also shifting their thinking towards recognizing those rights.
That means, changing the culture of rural Kenya – a place where people are often illiterate, have little access to most media, and take their behavioral cues from traditions passed down from their parents and grandparents.
The American Cancer Society, Dr. Spock, and Mother's Against Drunk Driving succeeded in moving the needle on their causes with intensive campaigns that relied on advertising, books, bumper stickers, and newspapers – all of which have low penetration rates in much of rural Kenya.
But we did have one exceptionally powerful tool: traditional tribal elders and chiefs.
Across rural Africa, tribal elders and chiefs wield enormous power. They mediate disputes, resolve conflicts, and dictate the terms of everything from cattle rustling cases to inheritance. In the words of one Maasai elder we spoke with, “I am an opinion leader.” Too often they've been written off as tyrants who are at best indifferent, and at worst opposed to progressive cultural change.
We saw them entirely differently. And we engaged them.
And while the Maasai and Kalenjin elders certainly did not wholeheartedly embrace the idea of equal rights for women from the start, their attitudes surprised us. They recognized that they had been struggling for generations to keep peace in their community and that they had been doing this in a vacuum – with little help or information from the outside world.
“The problem has always been the lack of information,” Assistant Chief of Ol Pusimoru Jonathan Sadera told us.
Sadera and tribal elders were remarkably open to considering other ways of guiding their community towards a peaceful and perhaps even more prosperous future. And with them we explored the constitution, their fears, and their hopes.
We discussed how men sometimes make bad decisions about how to use family resources (drinking or gambling away kids' school fees, for example) and how women might mitigate that. We discussed their fears that giving women's economic power might lead them to desert their husbands and create broken homes. We discussed their concerns that empowered women would use the new constitution as a weapon to force their husbands to carry babies on their back and do all the housework. And we discussed whether equality between men and women was even possible or if someone always had to be on top.
These communal discussions went on for months.
And in the end, the elders decided that everyone in their community would be better off if they supported women's equal rights.
The impact on the community, as spotlighted in this short video, was immediate and significant.
- Women have been elected tribal elders for the first time.
- Women are using their family resources to ensure their daughters can attend school
- Women are gaining rights to jointly control family resources.
- Women are opening their own businesses.
- And crimes against women, such as rape and domestic abuse, are being addressed in a serious manner.
The elders are as delighted by this turn of events as the women.
“I am very happy and grateful to Landesa for letting us know about the constitution,” said Maasai Elder Paul Mpuyuk. “I think this is a great thing.”
And the elders believe in this so deeply, that they have become both role models and enforcers for these new attitudes. Some have very publicly provided their wives with title to family land, they all now require that men get their wives' approval before selling any family land, and they have taken a harder line on violence against women.
This model has obvious implications for work elsewhere in Africa where constitutions recognize the role of tribal elders and chiefs and promise women equal rights but the reality has fallen short. The model indicates that tribal elders and chiefs can be powerful tools for progressive change – as effective as the American Cancer Society's sophisticated advertising campaigns, MADD's ubiquitous bumper stickers, and Dr. Spock's authoritative books.
Last week, the Oklahoma Legislature adjourned from its 2016 Legislative Session. In the final days of session, two important pro-gun bills were awaiting consideration by their respective conference committees and unfortunately died following adjournment.
House Joint Resolution 1009 sought to make a critical improvement to the current Right to Keep and Bear Arms Amendment in Oklahoma's constitution. This measure would have provided the strongest possible protection for your gun rights, guaranteeing in the state constitution your Right to Keep and Bear Arms against any infringements or restrictions for you and future generations of Oklahomans. All proposed restrictions to any of your fundamental rights should be subject to a standard that ensures the strongest possible protection for that right, especially your Second Amendment rights.
House Bill 3098 would have allowed a law-abiding citizen to open carry a firearm on their person without the fees associated with obtaining a carry permit. HB 3098 would not have changed the current permitting process in the state of Oklahoma for those individuals who still prefer to conceal carry a firearm and receive reciprocity in other states.
Thank you to NRA members and Second Amendment supporters who contacted their lawmakers as well as members of the conference committees in support of these pro-gun measures. Your NRA-ILA will continue to fight for the Second Amendment rights of Oklahomans. Remember to stay tuned to www.NRAILA.org as well as your email to stay updated.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PROVO, Utah -- BYU's Honor Code was under attack again after a local group called FreeBYU sent a complaint letter to the NCAA.
It stated the university violated the NCAA's policies in its "Office of Inclusion."
Stephanie Morse, a FreeBYU volunteer and the author of the complaint letter, asked the NCAA to investigate how BYU has allegedly violated its own rules by using the school's Honor Code to kick students out.
“The interesting thing about the Honor Code is that it does say that students who are not LDS are welcome to attend BYU as long as they obey the Honor Code, however, for LDS students: They don't hold them to that same standard,” said Morse in a Skype interview with Fox 13 News. “If you're LDS and leave the church, or if before applying you have firmly disaffiliated from the church, then you're then ineligible for admission and you can be evicted and expelled.”
Morse states in the letter that the NCAA has strict rules universities must adhere to, including: “… Universities have an ethical responsibility to ensure that institutionally sponsored programs protect the rights of every student to participate in a safe and respectful climate in which they or they can achieve personal educational goals..."
Morse said they felt it was important to bring the NCAA into the issue.
“We wanted to make [the NCAA] aware of the problems at BYU with religious discrimination,” Morse said.
The letter includes examples from students and staff, citing their discrimination cases, and also states: "BUY actively discriminates against students, faculty, coaches, administrators and other staff who were formerly affiliated with The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints... "
Todd Hollingshead with the BYU Communication Department responded to Fox 13 with this statement:
I was disappointed but not surprised by this passage by Gary Silverman:
What I like about Obamacare is that it shows some respect for “those people” – as Hudson called them in Giant – who are good enough to work the fields and mow the lawns, and build the roads and sew the clothes, and diaper the babies and wash the dishes, but somehow aren't good enough to see a doctor from time to time to make sure there is nothing wrong inside.
That is in fact what most of the politics is about, namely debates over which groups should enjoy higher social status and which groups should receive lower social status. Of course critics of Obamacare have their own versions of desired status reallocation, typically involving higher status for the economically productive.
Here is another example of the argument from sympathy, by Norman Podhoretz, applied to a very different field of discourse:
Provoked by the predictable collapse of the farcical negotiations forced by Secretary of State John Kerry on the Palestinians and the Israelis, I wish to make a confession: I have no sympathy—none—for the Palestinians. Furthermore, I do not believe they deserve any.
I am not in this post seeking to adjudicate ACA or U.S. policy in the Middle East. The easy target is to go after these two authors, but I am interested in different game. The deeper point is that virtually all of us argue this way, albeit with more subtlety. A lot of the more innocuous-sounding arguments we use all the time come perilously close to committing the same fallacies as do these quite transparent and I would say quite obnoxious mistaken excerpts. One of the best paths for becoming a good reader of economics and politics blog posts (and other material) is to learn when you are encountering these kinds of arguments in disguised form.
The 2017 season will see a return to wider cars and fatter tyres
Formula 1 will look very different when it emerges from its winter hibernation in 2017 - and not just because for the first time in 23 years the reigning world champion will not be racing.
Nico Rosberg's decision to retire after winning their first world title not only left Mercedes with an awkward hole to fill alongside Lewis Hamilton, it means the German will not get the chance to drive new cars that are aimed at reinvigorating the sport.
Teams are faced with a radically revamped set of rules that will lead to faster, more dramatic-looking machinery.
Cars will be wider, with big, fat tyres, and reshaped front and rear wings. In theory, drivers will be tested physically in a way they have not been for nearly a decade.
The idea is to inject a bit of edge and rawness that some feel F1 has lost in the past few years - and hopefully end three years of Mercedes domination.
So, will it work?
Faster cars
The plan with the new rules is to make cars up to five seconds a lap faster and test the drivers physically more than they have been since Pirelli tyres entered F1 in 2011.
A number of changes have been made:
The total width of the cars - the 'track' - has been increased from 1,800mm to 2,000mm, returning them to pre-1998 dimensions.
The bodywork has been widened from 1,400mm to 1,600mm - wider than ever before.
The area under the car with which teams can produce downforce has been significantly increased.
The front wing has been widened and will now be a delta-shape, while the rear wing has been made lower and wider.
Tyres are bigger - up from 245mm wide to 305mm at the front and from 325mm to 405mm at the rear.
The result could be dramatic. In October, governing body the FIA compiled information about the downforce gains made by all the teams. The average gain was 15%; the most was 31%.
And senior insiders say downforce gains could reach 40% by the end of the year.
The effect of this will be vastly increased cornering speeds, especially in high-speed bends. Engineers talk about 130mph corners becoming 150mph; some bends that were not flat-out on the throttle will be. Cornering forces will be going up - perhaps by as much as 1G in fast corners.
But will the racing be better?
The FIA's target was to make overtaking no more difficult than it already was, and the combination of increases to aerodynamic and mechanical grip was calculated on that basis.
But the fear in some quarters is that the new cars could reduce overtaking.
The wider cars and tyres mean the cars will produce more drag, so be slower in a straight line, and cornering speeds will be higher. So braking distances will inevitably be reduced - which automatically makes overtaking harder.
Mercedes F1 boss Toto Wolff, who was opposed to the rule changes, says: "I hope that overtaking is not going to be too difficult because of the width of the car and the dirty air behind it - but let's see."
Fernando Alonso says F1 was at its peak during the mid-noughties, when the cars were very physically demanding to drive - as Christian Albers, above, found to their cost during the 2005 Malaysian GP
Racier tyres... hopefully
Most of the attention on the new tyres has been focused on their increased size. But far more important is the fact that supplier Pirelli has been asked to change the way they behave.
For the past six years, F1 tyres have had high 'thermal degradation' - they over-heat when drivers push hard and never recover their grip. So drivers had to lap at least a second, and sometimes much more, under the limit to coax out optimum stint lengths.
But producing much faster cars aimed at stretching the drivers is largely pointless if the drivers cannot race them on the limit.
As McLaren's Fernando Alonso says: "We know they will be four or five seconds quicker. But if it is four or five seconds quicker on the first lap and then two seconds quicker the second lap, it is not fun anymore."
Pirelli has clocked up more than 12,000km of testing on their new tyres for 2017
As a result, Pirelli has been given a specific set of requirements for the new tyres.
These are contained in a 'target letter' and are: tyres must not overheat irrecoverably when a driver is following another car; degradation must be proportional to performance.
The FIA believes these stipulations will ensure that the need for management by driving under the limit to control thermal degradation is greatly reduced, and drivers can therefore push hard throughout a race.
In return, Pirelli asked for a series of test days through last season to develop the tyres.
Has it worked? The jury remains out. Pirelli did more than 12,000km of testing with 'mule' cars provided by Mercedes, Ferrari and Red Bull aimed at simulating the increased downforce levels of the 2017 cars.
The teams were only partially successful with the cars - they had only about 10% more downforce, were much heavier than they will be, and the engines considerably less powerful. But Pirelli said it was "encouraged" by the progress it was able to make.
The new tyres resemble ones from F1 cars during the 1970s, when cornering speeds became dangerously fast
So that's OK then? Well, maybe
After a final tyre test in Abu Dhabi following the last race of the 2016 season, Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton and Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo were asked how the new tyres felt.
Hamilton said: "They are just pretty much the same tyre, just more grip. I didn't really get a massive feel for it. More grip is always a good thing but I only did about eight laps. Daniel will have a much better read to give you."
Ricciardo added: "The tyres felt a bit stronger. The rear mainly - you can push a bit harder on traction. We were running the cars quite heavy and I don't think it is going to be that representative. I think [the cars] will be a step quicker. Some people talked four or five seconds. I'm sure they will be at least two seconds but four or five would be impressive."
The target letter is part of Pirelli's new deal with F1 until 2019. So if the tyres do not behave as specified, the company would technically be in breach of contract. That could potentially lead to some difficulties.
No more power gap?
The chassis and tyre rules are not the only things changing - restrictions on engine development have also been relaxed.
The complicated 'token' system that limited the amount of changes allowed to engines in a season has been dropped. Now, the only restrictions are that any developments can be introduced only with a new engine - and teams are still limited to four engines in a season.
The hope is that removing restrictions on development will allow other manufacturers to close up on Mercedes, who still led the field in 2016.
Engine development rules will be relaxed, but power could still play a big part in competitive advantage
Over Ferrari, Mercedes' advantage was small - no more than 10bhp, perhaps much less. But Renault, who supply Red Bull, were 40-50bhp behind and Honda somewhere in the region of 60-100bhp.
Both Honda and Renault are producing pretty much all-new engines for 2017 and are targeting matching Mercedes. But development is also freed up for Mercedes - so it's not impossible they could maintain or even extend their advantage.
Closer racing?
The rule changes were pushed through, against opposition by Mercedes, because rivals felt it would give them the chance to close up on the world champions, who have dominated F1 since the start of the hybrid engine formula in 2014.
Mercedes argued in vain that the best way to close up the field was to leave the rules alone because, as Wolff puts it, "it's clear that when regulations stay stable that eventually performance is going to converge".
Rivals saw this as Mercedes protecting their competitive position - and the new rules as an opportunity to close the gap by providing a reset for everyone.
Red Bull were particularly vocal about this, team boss Christian Horner arguing that F1 needed to make the cars faster and harder to drive to stem a perceived drop in interest.
Horner said: "It will make the cars more dramatic, and more challenging for the drivers to drive.
"It is not a totally clean sheet of paper but it is a significant change, and that will maybe shuffle the order up a bit."
Mercedes boss Toto Wolff expects the new cars to be breaking lap times during the 2017 season
The fact that audience figures were dropping largely because of the shift to pay TV was quietly ignored by many, or dismissed with claims that the sport needed to be made more obviously dramatic anyway.
But there is one big risk. Mercedes have produced the best car of the past three years, as well as the most powerful and efficient engine.
Some argue that the new rules actually enhance the importance of engine power because the wider cars produce so much more drag. And if you give the best team of the past three years, with the most powerful engine, a set of new rules of this ilk, then there is a real risk their advantage will increase, not decrease.
If that happens, some very serious questions will be asked about the decisions that were made, forcing teams into spending millions developing and building a new type of car only to make F1 worse.
"We weren't big supporters of a regulation change," Wolff says. "Not because we wanted to freeze the current situation but because we weren't sure that it is the right way for Formula 1.
"But we are where we are and the cars, certainly in the wind tunnel, look very spectacular, very wide with the big tyres, and I am personally very excited to see them on track for the first time.
"For the drivers it will be much harder; the cars will be pulling more G-force through the corners.
"The simulations that we have seen are very exciting. Corners will be flat that are far from flat today - and we will be breaking records in terms of lap time.
"So, I guess, an exciting season will be ahead of us.
"Now that we are where we are, we have to make the best of it."
View the 2017 F1 race calendar here
Image caption Mr Brebesh was detained on 19 January after being called in for questioning by a militia in Tripoli
Libya's former ambassador to France has died less than 24 hours after being arrested by Tripoli-based militia, a US-based human rights group has said.
Human Rights Watch said marks on Omar Brebesh's body suggest they died as a result of torture under detention.
Mr Brebesh served under former Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, who was toppled after a nine-month civil war last year.
The country's interim government is under mounting pressure to prevent the abuse of thousands in custody.
Mr Brebesh was detained on 19 January after being called in for questioning by al-Shuhada Ashura militia in Tripoli, Human Rights Watch quote their son, Ziad, as saying.
A day later, their family heard their body had turned up at a hospital in Zintan, about 100km (60 miles) southwest of the capital, the rights group said.
"Photos of Brebesh's body, seen by Human Rights Watch, show welts, cuts and the apparent removal of toenails, indicating that they were tortured prior to death," the group said in a statement.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Bashir Brebesh: "Is this what we fought for? It's a disaster"
It is the latest of numerous claims of mistreatment by detainees being held in jails across the country.
The BBC's Jonathan Head in Tripoli says the authorities have promised to investigate and stop the torture, and some prisons have been handed over to the justice ministry.
But it has yet to impose its authority on the powerful militia groups which still control parts of Tripoli, they say.
Mr Brebesh served in the embassy to France from 2004 to 2008 as cultural attache and then acting ambassador. They later moved to the foreign ministry.
At the time of their death, Mr Brebesh was still at the ministry, working as a lawyer.
"I saw their face. There was blood on their nose and mouth. But I didn't see the rest of their body or their face from the other side," Human Rights Watch quoted their son, Mohammad, as saying.
Amazon's voice-activated Echo isn't the first piece of hardware you might think of when it comes to gaming, but Jagex is looking to change how you see - or rather, hear - the device.
The Cambridge-based developer is best known for its MMO RuneScape, and it's that fantasy world the team is turning to for its first Echo game. Available as a 'skill' for all Alexa-equipped gadgets, One Piercing Note adapts an in-game quest for Amazon's audio assistant, turning it into an interactive spoken word murder mystery.
Advertisement
The audio game abandons all physical controls, with players becoming the voice of an adventurer investigating a murder at a secluded abbey. This being RuneScape though, the scene takes a turn for the demonic, with unholy secrets uncovered along the way.
WIRED speaks with Mark Ogilvie, Jagex's design director, on how the project came about, bringing non-gamers into the world of RuneScape, and how Echo could evolve into a hub for traditional tabletop role-playing games.
Read next How BioWare designed Anthem's hulking mech characters How BioWare designed Anthem's hulking mech characters
Jagex
WIRED: How did turning RuneScape into an Echo game come about? Was it something Jagex was already working on or did Amazon pitch the idea?
Advertisement
Mark Ogilvie: A little bit of both. A lot of the original RuneScape quests started as stories, rather than a digital experience. We start by imagining a quest just as a short story or a piece of narration. The move to reverse-engineering a quest onto a device which is basically a storytelling device was quite a natural thing to do.
What were your impressions of Echo as a gaming device?
As a storyteller and a big fan of tabletop role-playing games, and the original text-based adventure games on the BBC Micro, it seemed like the kind of platform you could potentially use as some kind of role-playing device. [As] it was really our first foray into that technology, the best and most obvious thing to do was lovingly recreate one of our RuneScape quests so we could learn more about how you develop for a platform like that.
Read next Far Cry New Dawn shows why more games need to recycle open worlds Far Cry New Dawn shows why more games need to recycle open worlds
Jagex
Advertisement
One Piercing Note was an existing quest in the RuneScape MMO. What made it the right slice of the game to adapt?
The original quest is a classic whodunnit murder investigation and it's quite segmented from the rest of the game. It's in this abbey, off to the side of the game world. The quest is really the only thing that goes on in this one particular place so in many ways it's kind of ring-fenced from the rest of the game and has its own story going on. Whilst there are name-drops like Saradomin, who is one of our big gods, and a few place names, it is one of these separated stories which embellish the RuneScape world but aren't necessarily part of its core storyline.
Because it was a whodunnit, which is a really classic bit of storytelling, it didn't have a lot of 'gameplay' properties within it. You weren't doing puzzles or things like that. All the gameplay you experience is investigation, asking the right questions to the right people, rather than searching a crime scene for clues. You're examining a body for clues, you're chasing culprits.
Actually the reason why I commissioned the quest in the first place is because I was trying to encourage players to switch their audio on! It's often the case that in an MMO the players will listen to their own music as they're playing the game, and as a game designer I'm always looking for that extra level of immersion.
Read next Why Apex Legends is a massive, unexpected headache for Fortnite Why Apex Legends is a massive, unexpected headache for Fortnite
Jagex
How do you make that accessible for people who may have not only never played RuneScape but might not be gamers at all?
So, all of the [Alexa] Skills at the moment are completely free. It's interesting that a lot of people who use the device use it for asking whatever or listening to music, [but] the apps are still being discovered. There are millions of people who've got an Echo device, but the amount that are discovering the skills and all the things the device can do other than tell you the weather and play music is still growing.
We wanted to write something that was quite simplistic to interact with but also something that really raised the bar in terms of quality that you would experience on that. There are a couple of other ‘choose-your-own-adventure' type experiences on the device, but they're all voiced in-house – or most of the time by Alexa herself. What we've done is work with proper professionals, a full recording studio, and a whole heap of real actors, to make a complete audio experience.
How does the game function in audio? Sort of a choose-your-own-adventure audiobook?
Read next The most exciting new games out in 2019 (and the best so far) The most exciting new games out in 2019 (and the best so far)
Yes, very much so! There are also some audio puzzles within the experience as well, where you have to listen for certain audio cues and respond at the right time when you hear those cues. That's something we literally just started experimenting with for this project. I've got all sorts of interesting ideas about what you might be able to do with this device in the future and this product is giving us the learning curve we need, to look at more interesting things in the future.
Where do you think technology like Echo will take audio gaming, and what would you like to be able to do with the technology?
My ultimate dream is to be able to roleplay freeform with Alexa. Alexa could describe a scene to you but rather than give you two or three responses you can make in response, like the classic choose-your-own-adventure books, Alexa's AI and machine learning should be able to translate anything you say into a meaningful command.
Presuming the Skill is written to be able to catch all of those different scenarios, there's no reason why you couldn't be able to do a traditional tabletop roleplaying session with Alexa.
The Amazon Echo could become a virtual dungeon master for traditional tabletop role-playing games Amazon
How do you think machine learning and AI will impact game design in general?
As a games designer, when you're trying to give immersive experiences to a player you want those experiences to be as freeform as possible. A game like RuneScape has got that sandbox approach of letting a player explore and not follow a linear path. I think the technology behind the Echo could provide a very similar experience and that is just naturally interesting to us as creators of that kind of experience.
Advertisement
This is effectively a new medium for gaming and you can't guarantee players will be sitting down for lengthy sessions as they do on PC. How did you gauge how long the experience should be for Alexa?
That's a very interesting question – we asked Amazon exactly the same question and they couldn't really advise us! It's up to us really. We've been cutting and editing things ourselves, just to make sure the experience still feels like it flows and we've been doing a lot of user testing to make sure people aren't getting bored with it. The quest itself is going to be launched in acts, and each act will be about half an hour long. You can play a little bit and stop but each act would, I hope, be consumed in one go, with three acts in total.
RuneScape: One Piercing Note is available now through the Skills section in the Alexa app for the Amazon Echo, Echo Dot and all Alexa-enabled devices.
Oh wow! I'm so excited! I got an amazing gift for my critters! The package got sent back to sender and they shipped it back to me, so it took a little while to get to me, but oh it's such a great gift! They got me 2 Kong toys and 2 bags of healthy treats for my kitties, and a whole Arsenal of toys for my puppy. I mentioned in my about me that we were planning on adopting a large dog, and it turns out that between them getting the gifts and the package getting to me we found the perfect boy. He's a bulldog cur mix so all the toys will be perfect for them when they get bigger! There are a couple that he's already started playing with! We're gonna spread out the love a little and just giving them a bit at a time. I will post pics of the kitties enjoying their treats when they come out from under the bed lol Thank you so much, I'm so happy you were my gifter!
It is tempting to refer to the 2016-17 Timberwolves season thus far as a roller coaster: stupendous plays made with thrilling athleticism mixed with the boring predictability of brain-dead nervous breakdowns just when the fundamentals of teamwork are required to secure a victory.
Depending upon the frame you put over the proceedings, the contrasts can be particularly stark. The Wolves thumped the similarly young and spry Milwaukee Bucks Friday with a glittering array of offensive highlights that produced 18 assists and only two turnovers in the second half. On either side of that gem were fetid embarrassments of indifference and incompetence, resulting in blown leads of at least 13 points in eventual losses to lousy opponents from Denver and Portland.
Elevate the perspective up to a broad, overhead view, however, and you see that the roller coaster is more accurately a kiddie ride. The many thrills are dazzling enough, but rendered with the immature glee of short-attention spans preferring to linger in the revelry of the moment rather than parlay the energy boost into a recommitment to the mundane fundamentals.
When faced with adversity, these Timberwolves don't keep their focus and composure; they tromp the throttle and risk heroic short-cuts, bent on rapid rescue instead of step-by-step stabilization. Consequently, at best, their season becomes a sweepstake for tots, an endorphin highlight reel in lieu of durable achievement, where a signature win occurs in Charlotte, or at home against Milwaukee. Elite opponents toy with these Wolves, deciding on their own terms when to snatch the win.
The supposedly wise counsel to long-suffering Timberwolves fans is continued patience. In Karl-Anthony Towns, Andrew Wiggins and Zach LaVine, the franchise boasts three exceptionally talented players who are all currently just 21 years of age.
Logic stipulates that there will be growing pains, trials by fire that will sear the lessons of what it takes to succeed at this highest level of hoops into the DNA of their approach to and attitude about the game. Sure, the failures are frustrating for all concerned, but the fantastic gaps between the highlights and the bottom line are part of a time-honored process. The learning curve is as inexorable as the decaying curve that befalls aging athletes on the other side of the career spectrum.
That's the spiel from the level-headed sages, anyway. For those who watch these Wolves, however, it still feels like the “Big 3” are, for various reasons, incredibly slow learners.
Slow reboot or stunted development?
Even those who can rightfully take smug satisfaction from cautioning folks that this season's Wolves weren't ready for prime time did not likely envision a two-month intro where the ball club lost more than twice as many games as it won.
Coming into the season, there were tangible reasons for optimism, most concretely the team's 15-17 record over the final 32 games of the 2015-16 campaign. That was the one where the sages were reminding us that the Big 3 were just 20 years old; the one where the grouchy and much-maligned Sam Mitchell was the interim coach and Milt Newton handled the personnel with their hands tied as the franchise sought to clear its head and regain its equilibrium after the tragic and sudden death of Flip Saunders.
That 2015-16 season wasn't even completed before Mitchell was reportedly informed they were out the door and negotiations with current coach and President of Basketball Operations Tom Thibodeau were invited. The demanding and detailed Thibs seemed like an ideal elixir to hasten that learning curve for the precocious kids by administering a steroid-like dose of drilled fundamentals.
The first 32 games of Thibodeau's five-year contract produced a won-lost record of 10-22, five games worse than the Mitchell-Newton denouement.
With the invaluable assistance of the Wolves' stat guru, Paul Swanson, we can compare these two 32-game stretches. At first glance, what stands out is that the current Wolves offense takes significantly more three-pointers and significantly fewer free-throws than last-season's edition. On defense, while the current team has been better at reducing the accuracy of field goals and three-pointers, they have allowed their opponents to get to the line far more frequently, resulting in a higher true shooting percentage (which weights the combined accuracy of threes, twos and free throws) than opponents managed in the final two months of last season.
More specifically, the Wolves shot 220 more free throws than their opponents over the final 32 games of the 2015-16 season. In the first 32 games of 2016-17, that margin had been whittled down to just 10 more trips to the free throw line. The gap was narrowed almost equally at both ends of the court, with the Wolves shooting 104 fewer and allowing 106 more than in 2015-16.
This fall-off on offense is partially a consequence of Ricky Rubio's diminished role initiating plays in the half-court sets. In the final 32 games of last season, Rubio shot 139 free throws in 995 minutes of action. This season, that number has plunged to 63 attempts in 847 minutes. Because Rubio shoots better than 85 percent at the line, this has cost the Wolves 60 points.
Much of that has been recouped by the more frequent trips taken by LaVine (32 more made free throws) and Towns (23 more). It is interesting to note that Wiggins, who has been accorded more of the playmaking duties over Rubio, actually has made 21 fewer free throws than they did over a 32-game span a year ago, despite playing more minutes.
Other significant drop-offs occurred from Gorgui Dieng (46 fewer made free throws in 51 fewer attempts, despite 63 more minutes played) and Bazzy Muhammad (34 fewer makes, 45 fewer attempts, 154 fewer minutes).
On defense, it is logical to assume that the surge in trips to the line by opponents is a result of the Wolves contesting shots and rebounding more diligently. The effective field goal percentage of opponents (which factors in twos and threes without free throws) has dropped from 53.6 in the final 32 games last season to 52.8 under Thibs. And the rebounding percentage has noticeably risen from 48.8 last season to 52.2 this year.
But two things about this comparison should concern even those who counsel patience. One is that the Wolves are deriving less benefit from ostensibly better performance. During last year's closing 15-17 record, the team was outscored by 90 points overall. In the first 32 games of this season, Minnesota had cut that gap to minus 66, yet at 10-22 had dramatically fewer victories to show for it.
The other area of concern is the relative lack of at least statistical improvement by the team's two cornerstones, Towns and Wiggins. Towns' numbers look remarkably similar to their rookie season in this 32-game comparison. In a miniscule 9 fewer minutes this year, they have one more rebound, the same number of assists, six more turnovers and six fewer steals. They have scored 25 more points but less efficiently, with a true shooting percentage that has dropped from 59 to 56.3.
For Wiggins, there is apparent regression. They have logged 51 more minutes and scored 30 more points, but with a plunge in true shooting percentage from 57.6 to 53. Their assists actually fell, from 75 to 72 (in line with their turnovers, which went from 76 to 72), and while they have grabbed 28 more rebounds, they have 13 fewer blocks and a dozen fewer steals.
More significantly, Wiggins was plus 38 with a PER (a measure of total efficiency) of 17.69 in the final 32 games of last season. In the first 32 games under Thibs, they are minus 34 with a PER of 15.73.
By comparison, LaVine has made larger strides toward realizing their potential this season, earning the expansion of “the two cornerstones” into a legitimate “Big 3.”
In 50 extra minutes, LaVine has added 138 points over last year's 32-game sample. They have scored more efficiently, boosting their true shooting percentage from 57.7 to 59.8. Their assists and turnovers per minute played are almost exactly the same, and their steals and blocks are down while their rebounding is up slightly.
In other words, LaVine is solidifying their role on this ball club.  They are a scoring shooting guard who can space the floor with their three-point accuracy and get out and finish with a flourish in transition. They still have huge issues with their defense, which results in them having a lousy plus/minus mark and net efficiency rating.
But at this point, while their overall versatility and subsequent ceiling is probably lower than either Towns or Wiggins, their skill set is the best defined and most predictable of the trio. Yes, they are arguably being utilized more intelligently than Thibs is deploying Towns and Wiggins right now. But within their limits, the reliability of their virtues are a boost to the team's plans moving forward.  They are improving faster, if not yet further, than I anticipated, and if they can upgrade their defense to mediocrity, I will happily concede that I underestimated their value in the NBA.
Still part of the master plan?
Another thing that is striking about the 32-game comparisons is how little Thibs has deigned to supplement their core starters with steadying veterans coming off the bench.
In my optimistic season preview back in October, I wrote that “Center Cole Aldrich and swingman Brandon Rush are savvy veterans coming over from successful stints on winning teams. Both can step in with the starters and actually boost production under certain matchups.”
Nope. Aldrich has played beside Towns just 125 minutes this season, and has logged just 362 through the first 34 games overall. Their usage is declining as the season progresses — he's played 57 minutes the past ten games. That's 57 more than Rush, who hasn't set foot on the court since December 11 and has been in action a whopping 35 minutes since Thanksgiving. During huddles and timeouts on the sidelines, they and fellow vet Jordan Hill have clearly checked out in terms of seeking to provide a role, encouragement or other input.
It is by now clear that Thibs has opted for full immersion as their development strategy. Not only the Big 3, but the other starters are being fully vetted for potential synergies and corrosions in their teamwork. Thibs had made no secret of their desire to supplant Rubio with rookie Kris Dunn — asked to comment about Rubio during a stretch when they racked up 20 assists and zero turnovers, Thibs unilaterally presaged their answer by noting that Dunn was also playing well — but the coach has nonetheless accepted the reality that their Big 3 are best developed with a competent veteran point guard in the mix, and Rubio is averaging more minutes-per-game than they did a year ago.
Thibs has shortened their regular rotations essentially to eight players, with scoring specialist Muhammad getting 20 minutes and Dunn and stretch power forward Nemanja Bjelica about 16 minutes apiece over the last ten games. The oldest player among these eight is actually Bjelica, but they are a European import with only 1,600 total minutes of NBA experience. Dieng and Rubio are the other greybeards at age 26. Dieng has always been at best a capable glue guy, and Rubio's role has been diminished in favor the kids this season.
Translation: Thibs is sacrificing victories for speedier maturity in their young core. The guy who controls both the payroll and the playbook, they were viewed with skepticism because of their “win-now” philosophy in Chicago. But flipped the keys to the franchise over the next five years, they seem determined to watch this callow core repeat their mistakes over and over, in silly defeat after silly defeat, until they get sick of it and batten down their composure and commitment.
Was this the plan all along? It didn't seem like it in the preseason, when Thibs created a formidable five-player bench unit with Aldrich and Rush anchoring the asupervisorstioned three subs. A wretched 6-18 start perhaps reordered their priorities and helped them determine that if the kids were slow learners the lessons had to be boldfaced by the team's status in the standings.
Whether or not Thibs knew the Wolves would succumb to pratfalls out of the gate, the Big 3 certainly were ambushed by their own ineptitude. The good news is that Towns seems to have absorbed the consequences of their early-season hubris and gone back to playing like the future Hall of Famer they appeared to be as a rookie. LaVine has grown. One would hope that Thibs is discovering that “point Wiggins” may not pan out.
In any case, it isn't hard to see how the Wolves could have stolen two or three more victories by extending their rotation to develop stable roles among the bench unit, and plugging in key substitutions when the kids began to swoon on the court. Those two or three wins would have the Wolves in the thick of a desultory race for the final playoff berth in the bifurcated Western Conference, which has seven good teams and a host of suspect pretenders for the eighth seed.
If the Wolves somehow manage to make it, the Big 3 will be responsible. More likely, the kiddie ride will continue until April.
The combination of the two key companies leads to a significant reduction of complexity at group level for Rocket Internet, the statement said. (Source: Website)
Berlin-based online food takeaway service Delivery Hero Holding GmbH has acquired online marketplace for food delivery foodpanda for an undisclosed amount. In exchange for all its shares in foodpanda, Rocket Internet SE received newly issued shares in Delivery Hero increasing its stake in Delivery Hero to 37.7 per cent on a fully diluted basis, Rocket Internet said in a statement.
“The transaction strengthens Delivery Hero's global leadership position in online food ordering and delivery, with the combined group processing over 20 million orders per month across 47 countries,” it added. Both Foodpanda and Delivery Hero are backed by Rocket Internet.
Furthermore, the combination of the two key companies leads to a significant reduction of complexity at group level for Rocket Internet, the statement said.
“Commenting on the development, Rocket Internet CEO Oliver Samwer said: “The combination of foodpanda and Delivery Hero, one of our most important companies, further consolidates key markets resulting in significantly improved market positions.”
Delivery Hero is also acquiring new markets with leading market positions further broadening its geographic footprint, they added. “foodpanda has built a fantastic position and service offering in some of the largest food delivery markets globally,” Delivery Hero CEO Niklas Östberg said.
“I am delighted to join forces with Delivery Hero and be part of a global platform that will help us grow and with which we share a common vision”, foodpanda CEO Ralf Wenzel said on the development.
More local news coverage for TUSC, but BBC downplays council elections
TUSC's campaign for the council elections taking place on May 22nd picked up more coverage this week in local news media.
Salfod Star (Click to enlarge)
The standout article was in the Salford Star (see http://www.salfordstar.com/article.asp?id=2253 ) which under the heading, 'Salford Labour Party to face huge anti-cuts electoral challenge', spoke of TUSC "mounting the biggest left challenge to Labour dominance, fielding candidates in nine of the twenty wards up for grabs". It also made the significant point that the Liberal Democrats, "once seen as the main opposition party in Salford", were fielding just two candidates this time.
A May Day election activity in Plymouth, where TUSC is standing candidates in all 19 of the city's wards, made the headlines in the Plymouth Herald (at http://www.plymouthherald.co.uk/Trade-unionist-coalition-hold-pre-election-rally/story-21055579-detail/story.html#ixzz30qO1e5MO ) with a good photo spread. Plymouth is another city where the Lib Dems' decline is on display, with the party contesting just four seats.
There was some decent coverage for TUSC in the Eastern region with the Peterborough Telegraph (www.peterboroughtoday.co.uk), speaking of a 'colourful battle' for the Town Hall, mentioning the TUSC challenge in six seats and highlighting the "well-known health care campaigner Mary Cooke representing the Trade Unionist and Socialist Coalition in Orton Longueville" ward. The Watford Observer (www.watfordobserver.co.uk) headlined its piece on the local elections 'UKIP and the Trade Unionists and Socialists Against Cuts party beef up their presence', referring to TUSC standing in half of the twelve wards in the borough.
In Yorkshire the Sheffield Telegraph (www.sheffieldtelegraph.co.uk) wrote about Labour coming under pressure from UKIP, which is contesting all bar two of the wards in the city. But it continued by saying that "Labour's support could also be hit by a new left-wing party, the Trade Unionist and Socialist Coalition, which is fighting 21 wards, focusing on opposition to the Con-Dem austerity agenda".
The Doncaster Free Press (www.doncasterfreepress.co.uk) also led on UKIP standing a full slate there. But it did say quite prominently in the article that "the Trade Unionists and Socialists Against Cuts (TUSC), which is currently supporting striking Care UK workers who are fighting against 35 per cent pay cuts, have eleven candidates".
TUSC's support for the Care UK workers was the main subject of a story in the Thornton & District Gazette (see http://www.thornegazette.co.uk/news/local/care-uk-staff-to-present-petition-at-cabinet-meeting-1-6586615 ), quoting TUSC candidate Jason Fawley, whose wife works for Care UK, and the Doncaster TUSC election agent and health worker, Steve Williams. The Yorkshire Times (www.yorkshiretimes.co.uk) headlined with 'TUSC offers full support to striking firefighters', quoting an endorsement of Leeds TUSC candidate, Iain Dalton, by the West Yorkshire FBU Brigade Secretary.
What does the BBC say?
All this is in contrast to the election coverage of the BBC nationally, not just its complete refusal to mention TUSC and the biggest left-of-Labour election challenge for sixty years, but its political decision to concentrate on the European elections.
The BBC website has a special 'Guide to the 2014 European and local elections' which, after acknowledging that there are local elections taking place, explicitly says "but the big one this year is the European election on the same day". With this emphasis the site carries items on the English Democrats, for example, contesting the Euros but only standing in 31 local council seats. Who decided that the Euro polls are more important?
The website jokingly admits that Members of the European Parliament (MEPs) "still shuttle between the two parliament buildings [in Brussels and Strasbourg] at regular intervals". That actually illustrates how toothless the 'European parliament' is - MEPs have voted on numerous occasions to sit in just one city (the shuttle farce costs â‚¬200m) but have been overruled by the EU Council, the representatives of national governments.
Local councillors can vote to evict or not to evict people who cannot pay the bedroom tax; to shut down or keep open a local library or Sure Start centre - or, as in Doncaster, to hand over a wage-slashing contract to Care UK or to withdraw it.
Councils still have enormous powers to affect the daily lives of working class people. For example, although the other parties won't admit it, councillors have the power to begin to tackle the housing crisis today (and not wait for a Labour government), by introducing rent caps now and using their borrowing powers to finance a council house building programme.
And what does an MEP do again? Well, the European election "can have a big impact on a party's mood and their leader's prospects ahead of the 2015 general election", the BBC tells us.
This infantilising approach to politics of the BBC's highly-paid leadership has one unintended positive side effect - it adds to the growing questioning of its authority, along with the other elite institutions in society and the tame 'mainstream' parties.
Meanwhile TUSC's election campaign, not relying on the media but taking what publicity it can get, is building confidence amongst those it reaches that there can be a working class political alternative to the austerity establishment.
Shimla, November 10: The Election Commission used hundreds of voter-verifiable paper audit trail (VVPAT) machines in Himachal Pradesh Assembly elections but it malfunctioned at 129 polling stations for several hours on Thursday. VVPAT machines were used for the first time in the Himachal Pradesh polls at all polling stations.
Chief Electoral Officer of the state Pushpendra Rajput said the machines developed a glitch at some places but were rectified, Hindustan Times reported.
Even though the EC has launched a drive to train officials on the use of VVPAT, polling staff at some stations faced difficulty in operating them.
Polling could not begin at Deleg polling station in Bilaspur district till 12 noon. Similar problem was faced by voters in Kaza. “The machine developed a snag at 11 AM. It took an hour for technicians to fix the problem. The machine again stopped functioning at 4 PM leading to another delay in polling,” Tenzin, a voter, said.
Polling stations in Kangra, Mandi, Shimla, and Sirmaur districts reported similar issues.
The commission installed 11,115 VVPAT machines at 7,525 polling stations across all the 68 constituencies in the hill state. Even during the mock drill, 347 machines developed a technical snag at 218 polling booths, the EC officials said.
The state recorded its highest turnout in Assembly polls, with 74.45 per cent of voters taking part in an election which is witnessing a direct contest between Congress and Bharatiya Janata Party. Sixty sitting MLAs figure among the 337 candidates fighting for a seat in the 68-member Assembly in Himachal Pradesh. The counting of votes will be on December 18.
Mike
This October 18th, Fox Home Entertainment will release Wrong Turn 4, now known as Wrong Turn 4: Bloody Beginnings, direct-to-DVD. Take a look at the new poster and trailer that have been released.
The franchise trailer takes us briefly through the previously films and even more briefly reveals a little footage from the upcoming film.
Wrong Turn 4: Bloody Beginnings is directed by Declan Oâ€™Brien and stars Sean Skene, Daniel Skene, Rick Skene, Scott Johnson, Jennifer Pudavick and Tenika Davis.
Synopsis: â€œAt an isolated hospital deep in the West Virginia wilderness, three hideously deformed mutants go on a merciless killing spree. Now, decades later, this family of blood-thirsty cannibals is stalking new prey: a group of young skiers trapped by a blizzard. The abandoned medical wards soon become killing fields as the panicked victims come face to face with a chilling choice â€” fight back or die. With bonus footage too graphic for theaters, â€˜Wrong Turn 4′ takes you to the most terrifying place of allâ€¦the beginning.â€
Global warming doesn't mean blizzards are going away – in fact, warmer air and water can help add fuel to extreme winter storms.
We'll walk through the science in a minute, but first, let's be honest: It's not easy to talk climate change in winter. You might be out shoveling and hear a neighbor joke, “So much for global warming, huh?” or see a Facebook post from that conservative cousin taunting, “Ha, where's your global warming now?”
If you're feeling bold enough to poke back, science is on your side. Even a quick, friendly reply will do the trick just fine. “If this forecast's right, more than half of the biggest snowstorms on record at Logan will have come just since 1994 – something's going on, don't you think?”
It's part of a broader trend – fewer routine snowstorms, more monsters. The National Wildlife Federation reports climate change is bringing more oddball winter weather:
Global warming is bringing a clear trend toward heavier precipitation events for the simple reason that warmer air can hold more water. Even with a greater fraction of precipitation falling as rain, many areas are still seeing big and intense snowstorms, especially in the upper Midwest and Northeast, where temperatures typically remain below freezing in winter. At the same time, global warming is shifting storm tracks northward. The last few years have brought several unusually heavy snowstorms as warmer and moister air over southern states has penetrated further north, colliding with bitter cold air masses.
Cold and snow don't have a direct relationship – it's not like the colder it gets, the more snow we get. Bitterly cold air can't hold much moisture – if anything, you get tiny snowflakes. There's a sweet spot right around the freezing mark for maximum snow (today's forecast high in Boston: 34).
But warmer air is only one part of the equation – warm water adds fuel to monster storms. Even a recent cold snap has only brought ocean temperatures down to normal in many spots across New England, with water temperatures still well above average off Portland, ME, Newport, RI and New London, CT.
Some of the heaviest snowstorms in America in recent years have come not because it was cold but because it wasn't nearly cold enough to freeze the Great Lakes, meaning cold air could pick up huge amounts of moisture from the warmer water. A February 2007 10-day lake-effect snowstorm totaled of over 10 feet of snow in western New York state.
More and more scientific evidence is connecting these types of extreme precipitation events to climate change:
While polls show Americans are connecting the dots between global warming and extreme weather, local television viewers will get little help understanding the climate science during the hours of coverage on local stations. Most Boston TV weathermen know that 97% of climate scientists agree the Earth is warming, human-made carbon pollution is to blame, and disastrous weather extremes become the norm, but few say so in their broadcasts, with WPRI's TJ Del Santo being a notable exception. Meanwhile, colleagues who inexplicably deny the science consensus like NECN's Tim Kelley and WLNE's Herb Stevens are happy to say so publicly.
Watch Dr. Amanda Staudt, climate scientist at the National Wildlife Federation, explain how global warming is influencing winter weather:
Note: My day job is with the National Wildlife Federation, but I post here at BlueMassGroup on my own time & my opinions are my own.
Rk. Car Number Driver Average Finish High Rating Average Driver Rating 1 14 Tony Stewart 10.3 149.2 113.0 2 24 Jeff Gordon 9.4 130.9 107.0 3 48 Jimmie Johnson 10.8 134.8 106.8 4 11 Denny Hamlin 7.6 121.0 100.5 5 88 Dale Earnhardt Jr. 14.9 131.6 99.7 6 33 Clint Bowyer 16.1 150.0 96.6 7 31 Jeff Burton 12.7 118.9 94.6 8 2 Kurt Busch 14.3 123.2 93.5 9 29 Kevin Harvick 13.6 148.9 92.6 10 18 Kyle Busch 14.7 141.1 91.3 11 5 Mark Martin 12.8 120.9 91.0 12 39 Ryan Newman 14.9 133.3 90.8 13 99 Carl Edwards 14.0 120.3 87.9 14 42 Juan Pablo Montoya 19.5 134.6 86.0 15 56 Martin Truex Jr. 15.7 122.5 85.9 16 16 Greg Biffle 12.7 130.0 85.8 17 9 Kasey Kahne 21.0 104.8 82.9 18 83 Brian Vickers 20.7 114.6 79.9 19 17 Matt Kenseth 16.3 116.7 78.3 20 00 David Reutimann 17.0 95.7 77.4 21 12 Brad Keselowski 16.7 90.4 71.8 22 13 Casey Mears 22.0 93.9 67.2 23 09 Bobby Labonte 22.1 121.4 66.2 24 47 Marcos Ambrose 21.5 74.1 64.1 25 1 Jamie McMurray 24.4 121.0 63.7 26 20 Joey Logano 19.6 87.1 63.2 27 46 J.J. Yeley 18.1 81.6 63.1 28 26 David Stremme 26.7 77.6 63.0 29 77 Sam Hornish Jr. 24.5 93.8 62.4 30 43 A J Allmendinger 27.6 97.8 62.3 31 6 David Ragan 26.9 71.1 58.2 32 55 Michael Waltrip 21.1 70.8 57.1 33 7 Robby Gordon 25.1 76.8 56.9 34 66 Scott Riggs 27.1 82.3 56.2 35 70 Johnny Sauter 24.8 76.0 51.7 36 36 Dave Blaney 30.2 85.2 50.3 37 4 Scott Wimmer 28.0 58.0 50.3 38 98 Paul Menard 29.1 64.4 48.7 39 78 Regan Smith 28.1 61.7 47.7 40 34 Tony Raines 29.6 69.9 47.7 41 87 Joe Nemechek 33.9 72.3 46.6 42 55 Mike Bliss 32.7 56.1 46.5 43 38 Travis Kvapil 30.6 75.6 45.4 44 37 David Gilliland 35.0 57.7 43.3 45 21 Ken Schrader 32.6 59.6 41.5 46 36 Patrick Carpentier 35.0 54.5 40.4 47 45 Terry Labonte 35.0 34.6 34.6 48 34 Kevin Conway 32.0 33.8 33.8 49 21 Bill Elliott 31.7 35.9 33.6 50 71 Andy Lally 37.0 33.5 33.2 51 46 Michael McDowell 38.8 42.4 32.1 52 64 Landon Cassill 42.0 30.9 30.9 53 64 Todd Bodine 40.0 30.1 30.1 54 98 Boris Said 40.0 24.9 24.9
Who are the top statistical performers at New Hampshire Motor Speedway going into the Lenox Industrial Tools 301 this weekend?Well, we know. Here's a quick look at who you should consider for your fantasy NASCAR team.
72 SHARES Share Tweet
Andray Domise, a Maclean's magazine columnist, former host of Canadaland, and darling of the progressive scene in Toronto, has been arrested and charged with three counts of assault on a former domestic partner.
The 36-year-old is accused of assaulting their former live-in partner, Toronto photographer Chantal Denne, three times between March and September 2015. Domise, who ran against former mayor Rob Ford during the 2014 municipal election for a city council seat in Ward 2, was arrested in February after Denne reported abuse, including allegations that they choked and shoved them Domise, who lived with Denne for about 18 months beginning in August 2014, is also facing a mischeif charge for allegedly damaging their ex-partner's cell phone.
In response, Domise, a Muay Thai boxer, says “none of it happened” and has played the victim, claiming that Denne abused them physically and emotionally. Their account has not been corroborated by media or by the police. With regard to the damaged phone, Domise told the National Post:
“I'll admit that wasn't the way to deal with it, but I wasn't thinking rationally or logically. All I could think was get this phone out of my face and stop tormenting me.”
Domise's lawyer Mitchell Worsoff, likewise, has painted their client as a victim and tried to discredit Denne in a typically sexist way, painting them as dishonest and untrustworthy:
“Mr. Domise is an outstanding individual and he's an intelligent and responsible member of our community,” Worsoff told the Toronto Star. “Similarly to many others who find themselves accused of this type of offence, (he is) the subject of falsities and exaggerations.”
Domise is known to have harassed and attacked feminists online for years, particularly those who speak out against male violence, misogyny, pornography, objectification, and the sex industry.
Despite this, the Globe and Mail named Domies one of its “16 Torontonians to Watch in 2016″ and they have continued to be widely celebrated, promoted, and supported by numerous feminists and leftists in Toronto.
The exception to this rule may be Canadaland — Domise parted ways with the company shortly after the charges were laid. Domise says they left their position as co-host of Canadaland: Commons, which they hosted alongside Desmond Cole, voluntarily. Canadaland publisher Jesse Brown declined to comment as to why Domise is no longer hosting the podcast, but told the Toronto Star:
“As for the charges, I think we need to take it very seriously when a woman comes forward. The legal system can be very hard on accusers and I hope that the process is fair for both accuser and accused.”
The National Post reports that “A spokesperson for Rogers, the parent company of Maclean's, said the company became aware of the charges earlier this month, and that Domise will not be contributing to the magazine or its website this week.” Andrea Goldstein, senior director of communications at Rogers Media, said:
“Rogers has zero tolerance for this type of behaviour. The situation is before the courts, and while we won't comment further at this time, we are hopeful this will bring about a quick resolution.”
Domise is scheduled to appear in Ontario Superior Court on November 25, 2016.
72 SHARES Share Tweet
Meghan Murphy Founder & Editor Meghan Murphy is a freelance writer and journalist. They have been podcasting and writing about feminism since 2010 and has published work in numerous national and international publications, including New Statesman, Vice, Al Jazeera, The Globe and Mail, I-D, Truthdig, and more. Meghan completed a Masters degree in the department of Gender, Sexuality and Women's Studies at Simon Fraser University in 2012 and lives in Vancouver, B.C. with their dog.
That addresses performance. As for battery life, Lenovo bumped up the battery capacity by about 50 percent, promising between eight and nine hours of runtime. Last year's model lasted around seven and a half hours in our tests, so if the new model can indeed reach nine, that would be a marked improvement. Lenovo also increased the base storage from 128GB to 256GB, and plans to offer a 512GB on the highest-end configuration. This time, too, the Yoga starts with 8GB of RAM, going up to 16GB on the top-tier model.
Additionally, Lenovo made a couple tweaks to the hardware, though this was admittedly one of the Yoga 3 Pro's strong points in the first place. For one, Lenovo ditched last year's five-row keyboard for a six-row setup, allowing the user to adjust things like brightness from the top row without holding down the Function key. Also, though the"Watchband" hinge in the back looks the same, Lenovo tightened it so that it feels sturdier when you're flipping the 3,200 x 1,800 screens into different usage modes. Indeed, I noticed in my hands-on that the flex I complained about in my review was gone; no more creaking sound when you rotate the display back into tablet mode.
