After an interminable wait and at least three separate instances in which the deal was pronounced dead, Doc Rivers is leaving the Boston Celtics for the head coaching job with the Los Angeles Clippers in return for a 2015 first-round pick, according to Jackie MacMullan of ESPN Boston.
Now that the saga is over, the Celtics have to find someone to take Rivers' place on the sideline.
It's interesting to note that the Celtics probably aren't as prepared for a coaching search as they'd like to be. As recently as June 22, it appeared that Rivers might return to Boston to honor their contract, so there hasn't been a steady stream of interviews in president Danny Ainge's office lately.
Ready or not, the Celtics now have to select a coach who'll preside over the initial stages of the team's rebuilding efforts.
Boston wants to shed as much veteran salary as possible while also accumulating draft picks, which will almost certainly limit the types of coaches it will be able to attract. In other words, just forget about the idea of George Karl, Jeff Van Gundy or Stan Van Gundy even entering the state of Massachusetts, let alone sitting down for an interview.
Marquee coaches of their ilk will command far more money than the rebuilding Celtics will be willing to spend, and there's no way any of them would consider returning to the sidelines with a team that could very well be trying to lose enough games to secure the No. 1 overall pick in the 2014 NBA draft.
That means the Celtics will be choosing among veteran retreads or inexpensive young coaches in search of an opportunity. Boston will be after beggars who don't have the luxury of being choosy.
Kevin Eastman
Kevin Eastman, an assistant on Rivers' staff, is beloved among Celtics fans. Had Rivers completed their contract, Eastman very well could have been the next man in line eventually.
Unfortunately, it appears that Rivers has designs on bringing some of their staff with them to Los Angeles, according to Adrian Wojnarowski of Yahoo! Sports.
Unless the Celtics are willing to make a substantial offer to keep them around—which they almost certainly aren't—Eastman probably isn't a realistic option.
Lionel Hollins
The former Memphis Grizzlies head coach was among the finalists for the Clippers job before Rivers captured it. They had also been linked to the opening with the Denver Nuggets, per ESPN's Chris Broussard.
With their options dwindling, Lionel Hollins could be a decent candidate to take over in Boston.
There would definitely be a few issues, though, not the least of which would be Hollins' notoriously short leash with young players. With the Celtics looking to get younger, Hollins might have to think twice before accepting a job that would involve as much babysitting as strategizing.
Still, the Celtics have apparently had interest in Hollins before.
Chances are they won't come quite so cheap in 2013, though.
Brian Shaw
Brian Shaw was right there alongside Hollins as a Clippers finalist, so he's also still in search of a gig.
Unlike Hollins, who is viewed as something of a safe, known commodity, Shaw is an exciting young coach with a reputation for engaging well with young players.
With experience under Phil Jackson and more recently Frank Vogel, Shaw has accumulated quite a resume in their 11 years as an assistant. And with jobs disappearing left and right, he's got to be wondering if he'll ever get a shot at a head coaching gig.
The Celtics could capitalize on their frustration with a low-ball offer.
This is a nice fit for all parties involved, and frankly, the Celtics would be lucky to land Shaw.
Vinny Del Negro
It's hard to think of a coach who has had more on-court success while earning a worse reputation than Vinny Del Negro. Their Clippers teams made the playoffs in each of the last two seasons, but the prevailing thought is that Del Negro was probably more of a hindrance than a help in those accomplishments.
In fairness, anyone who watched Del Negro fail as a strategist and bumble their way through lineup decisions understands precisely why he's regarded as something of a joke.
And yet, here they are among the leading candidates to take over for the departed Rivers, according to Mark Murphy of the Boston Herald.
Del Negro won't command a high salary—he made about $1 million last year—and he's probably not going to be fighting off other suitors. But if the Celtics really do end up hiring him, whatever veterans remain on the roster aren't going to be happy.
Danny Ainge
Want to know how a team like the Celtics could really save some money? Just have the president of basketball operations take on the additional role of head coach. That's two jobs with one paycheck!
It might seem crazy, but Ainge was a successful NBA coach before taking over in the Celtics front office. In four seasons as coach of the Phoenix Suns, Ainge amassed a solid 136-90 record and led the team to three postseason berths.
After such a wild few weeks, it seems like just about anything is possible for the Celtics, including Ainge as head coach.
Usually, it'd be an honor to be among those considered candidates for the head coaching job of the Boston Celtics. But instead of looking for high-profile coaches for a high-profile gig, the Celtics are after a stopgap who'll work for peanuts.
Rivers' exit signaled a sea change in Boston's philosophy. The team's coaching search will be proof of that.
Follow @g30three
Shash
Right. Now, after doing a good amount of projects involving it, its time to write in depth about micromaille.
Micro maille or nanomaille or however you decide to call it is chainmail made by rings ranging from quite small to microscopic. It is by all means NOT something a newbie should try to tackle. First things first - supplies.Supplies for micromaille can be bought at a jeweller's supply store - a real one or online. Usually you will find copper with some plating - in my case gold-plated, rhodium plated, bronze plated copper rings, but if you have the money - you can even do real silver for example. I don't think anyone has the money to do real gold...The links will be moderately expensive too - for the amount of money needed for a chainmail shirt, you will barely get enough to fill in your hand.If you need something specific, because the stores will only have preset sizes, you can buy wire and make your own links. The wire is sold per meter usually(at least where I buy) and could be well under 1mm thick.As an example - here are microscopic links I made by myself - so tiny I could fit them under my fingernail.2 TOOLSFirst of all you will need the smallest pliers you can find and then some! Those are pretty small but they are still not very comfortable for the job - I'm thinking about customizing them a bit. The nail clipper? Well...It's what I used to cut the homemade microlinks above.A magnifying glass of some sorts, or a monocle is also a good idea - you will ruin your eyes in no time otherwise. You won't be able to even do anything if you have eyesight problems in the first place, without one of these.TIPSAnd related to the above mentioned thing about the magnifying glass. ONLY WORK AT GOOD DAYLIGHT! Don't try to work on a lamp light or if its dark! Just don't! You will be looking at an optometry cabinet in no time. Its just not worth putting on glasses for this, believe me.Forget about speedweaving. The rings are so small the only way to actually work is 1 by 1. It's impossible to grasp them by hand properly and they tend to slip a lot, so just do it 1 by 1.Get something with a lot of tiny boxes. Like a fisherman's case or a tool box or something. You will need somewhere to keep those links sorted out and safe from getting spilled all over the floor. Good luck gathering them if you do!That's all I can think of for now but I will add more later probably. Might split this into several posts too.
John C. Begay recalled the day when their branch president, Don C. Hunsaker, pulled them out of their class at the Intermountain Indian Boarding School to invite them to attend the Latter-day Saint Indian Seminary program. Their mother had enrolled them in seminary, but Begay followed their peers to the Catholic and Nazarene activities until Hunsaker found him. They then started to attend the seminary class of a respected LDS leader and local of Brigham City, Elder Boyd K. Packer. Begay claims, ??That?s where I was converted to the LDS Church. My mother had secretly signed me up for Seminary which became my favorite class?.?? [1].
In the 1950s, John C. Begay traveled hundreds of miles from their home on the Navajo reservation to attain an institutional education. Intermountain had opened specifically for Navajo students beginning in 1950. Federal officials increasingly directed their attention to what they considered ?The Navajo Problem? after World War II, which included the proportionately low rates of student enrollment and matriculation [2]. The U.S. government intensified efforts to educate Diné (Navajo) youth, pressuring Navajos such as Begay to receive their education off the reservation. The LDS Church as well as the federal government had a particular interest in Navajo Education [3]. Church authorities, for example, realized that most Mormons could not communicate and relate well with Navajos who they sought to convert. To several Church leaders and missionaries, the acculturation of the youth to mainstream American society was their greatest hope for the conversion of Navajos to the Church [4]. In Brigham City, Utah, several school employees and staff were Mormons and a predominantly LDS community surrounded the school. The Church could launch programs such as the Indian Seminary without much difficulty, which attracted and converted Navajos like Begay to the Church.
In the early 1950s (sometime between 1949 and 1954), a local Brigham City newspaper announced the arrival of Apostle Spencer W. Kimball to attend the baptism of 29 Navajo students from Intermountain [5]. Of the 600 students that arrived at the school opening, only 6 students were LDS. The Church established an Indian branch for the school within five years, as the membership grew. By the late 1960s, about 200 Navajo students regularly attended the branch (when the school population reached 2,200 students) [6]. The branch met in the Indian chapel that was constructed and designed specifically for the Navajo youth with attention to the utmost details including Navajo rugs as interior decoration [7]. During the late 1960s, the branch meeting often included the reading and approval of new certificates of membership, as more of the student body at Intermountain became associated with the Church [8].
The Mormon presence at Intermountain also touched the students? families. Ms. Ida Deem, who served as the Young Women?s President in the Indian branch, kept several notes that they received from students? families during 1953. Mary Wilson from Tohatchi, New Mexico wrote to Ms. Deem on behalf of their sister, Helen. They explained how the family enjoyed the Christmas card that Ms. Deem sent to Helen. They also described how Helen was struggling at their new school in Albuquerque after they transferred there from Intermountain. Mary closed their letter expressing their gratitude for Ms. Deem?s thoughtfulness, adding ?because we are all family of Helen are member of LDS Church and baptize too last two year ago so we just like the Mormon people they?re friendly to us? [9]. When a Navajo student converted to the LDS faith at Intermountain, they or they sometimes exposed their close relatives to the Church. Helen and Mary?s family developed positive feelings towards Mormons partially due to Helen?s time in Brigham and their involvement with the Indian branch there.
A mother of students at Intermountain, Bertha Harvey of Ft. Defiance, wrote to Ms. Deem:
We are now appreciated that you send us a nice Easter Card and appreciated that you are love our nice girls. ?Thank you very much? sisters. We are now very desirous to see our girls?. We wish we could see you and know [you]. I hope we will do some of these days sister and I am glad that my girls are learning many things in the school?. Squeeze my little Rose and tell them hello and tell their cat is bigger now?.? [10].
Church leaders such as Ms. Deem tried to reach out to the youth and their families (through letter writing for instance) to provide support and encouragement to the LDS members who attended Intermountain. Certain families like those of Bertha Harvey and the Wilsons were receptive, and the LDS faith continued to affect their families on the reservation after being a part of their children?s lives at school.
The experiences and situation of each Navajo student at Intermountain before it became an intertribal school in the 1970s differed. Intermountain was a federal boarding school, which upheld secular standards. Several employees were Mormon, but most employees and students belonged to other dominions. Intermountain hired many Native American employees from throughout the country, including Navajos. Most of the Native American employees were not LDS except for a few. An oral history of a former Hopi employee, Thomas Polacca, sheds light on the aspects of Brigham City and Intermountain that encouraged active membership in the Church for Native Americans. In Brigham City, Polacca was active in the Church and the Indian Ward. Polacca claims that returning to the reservation was one of the leading factors of their eventual inactivity in the Church [11]. John C. Begay also became inactive for some time in the Church after returning home to the reservation. The Indian Ward was large and organized many social activities to reinforce the Mormon community there such as the Boys? Scouts, basketball tournaments, parties, dances, and volleyball games [12].
Some Navajos embraced the LDS faith such as John Begay who never forgot what they learned in seminary including the importance of marriage and knowledge of the Book of Mormon. Begay mentioned another young Navajo man, Bahe Billie, who assisted with the Indian branch and served as a role model to LDS students [13]. Other Navajos had more generalized or negative memories of the Church as boarding school youth. Damon James attended Intermountain in the late 1960s, and they explained how they and their friends often went to the church meetings that were more convenient and appealing to them at the time. James called Brigham a ?Mormon town,? and they remembered how the LDS Prophet asked the locals to be ?tolerate? of the Indians. James still felt that the people in the community treated them by ?seeing color? as they were taught in their generation. James was baptized into the LDS Church, but they described how religion did not pertain to their life in adolescence. They pursued other interests as a schoolboy, and they could only recall the Christmas celebrations and gifts that the Church provided instead of the teachings [14].
Whether the Church positively altered the lives of Navajo students at Intermountain such as Begay or not, the community and church programs surrounding the school in Brigham exposed the students to the Church and its culture and mission. In the Sandpainter (the school yearbook) of 1970, the first page presents the following poem next to an image of Window Rock (a symbol of the Navajo Nation): ?Go Child. Treasure the memories Of Navajo strength? Dream of tomorrow? Reach?Go. Only education will renew Navajo strength.? The poem resembled the words of a song written by two LDS Native Americans at Brigham Young University the previous year (1969), Arlene Nofchissey Williams and Carnes Burson. Their song, ?Go, My Son,? includes the lines: ?Go, my son, go and climb the ladder?. From on the ladder of an education, you can see to help your Indian Nation. Then, reach, my son, and lift your people up with you.? This song symbolizes the mission of the Church among Native Americans: to educate Indians so that they can serve and uplift their people in both temporal and spiritual ways. Intermountain became a part of that LDS vision by surrounding Navajos with a predominantly white Mormon community and culture and, according to that perspective, preparing them to more readily understand and accept the LDS gospel and lifestyle. The Indian Seminary was able to expand and work efficiently in Brigham next to Intermountain, and the Indian branch provided a LDS Navajo network and community for some youth. Several students started their families at Intermountain, where they met their spouses such as those whose weddings were announced in the local paper [15]. Intermountain served as a door to the LDS Church, which opened to some Navajo students and their families a new livelihood but also what others believed to be eternal salvation.
Image copyright AP/Felipe Dana Image caption The mosquito that spreads the virus is not found in the UK and would not be able to establish in Scotland because of the climate, the Scottish government said
A number of people in Scotland have been diagnosed as having the Zika virus, it has been confirmed.
The Scottish government said the disease, which has sparked a major health alert in South America, did "not pose a public health risk" in Scotland.
A spokesperson said the mosquito that spreads the virus was not found in the UK and Scotland's climate meant it could not become established.
Zika has been linked to microcephaly in babies.
The birth defect results in children being born with abnormally small heads and brain damage.
It is understood that no more than five Scottish cases have been detected.
More than 50 people across the UK have been treated for the infection.
Fear of the virus has led a number of competitors to opt out of this year's Olympic Games in Brazil, including top British golfer Rory McIlroy.
While pregnant women are being advised to postpone non-essential travel to disease hotspots, the NHS stresses that for "most people it is a very mild infection and isn't harmful".
Ziki is spread by the Aedes aegypti mosquitoes. They are found throughout the Americas except for Canada and Chile where it is too cold for them to survive.
A Scottish government spokesperson said: "We can assure the public that Zika does not pose a public health risk in Scotland, and of the cases identified in the UK a very small number have been found in Scotland.
"The mosquito that spreads the virus is not found in the UK, and in any case would not be able to establish in Scotland because of our climate."
They added: "We have already informed the at-risk groups about the risks and how to protect themselves through Health Protection Scotland's travel advice. We continue to closely monitor developments in our understanding of the Zika virus as treatments and testing regimes develop."
Human-to-human infection is rare although there have been some reported cases of people being infected through sexual transmission.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Zika can lead to pregnant women giving birth to babies with a condition called microcephaly
Since the Zika epidemic began in 2015, nearly 5,000 cases of microcephaly have been recorded in affected regions.
On 1 February 2016 the World Health Organisation declared the epidemic an international public health emergency.
Worldwide concern has centred on north-east Brazil but more than 20 other countries have now been affected.
So far more than 1,650 Zika infections have been reported in the US - four patients in Florida who have tested positive for the virus appear to be the first cases not linked to travel outside the US mainland.
When Rebecca Eun Hee Viot speaks of their daughter Ruby, their tone expresses a love that clearly transcends words.
“She has basically done what no husband or therapist or boyfriend or girlfriend has ever been able to do,” Viot said. “She's basically quieted my heart.”
Viot, a Korean adoptee, grew up in the Midwest feeling a disconnect between their US life and their culture of origin. But, through Ruby, their adopted Korean daughter, Viot has filled a void within herself.
Over a half-million children in the United States are adopted, and 60 percent of Americans have either been through the adoption process or know someone who has, according to the Evan B. Donaldson Adoption Institute, a New York-based nonprofit devoted to improving adoption policy and practice.
Once a hushed issue, adoption has become more commonly accepted and practiced over time. Between 1971 and 2001, US citizens adopted 265,677 children from other countries. In the last decade of that period, international adoptions more than doubled from 9,050 to 19,237; girls dominated those adoptions over boys, 64 percent to 36 percent.
The first documented transracial Asian adoptions in the United States date back to the 1900s, but only after World War II did they become more pervasive. Between 1971 and 2001, 156,591 children were adopted from Asia, making it the most popular global region to adopt from (Europe came in a distant second, with less than a third of that figure). In 1990, South Korea dominated US international adoptions; and in 2001, China took the lead.
Today, a growing number of adoptees are adopting children from their birth countries, according to a 2009 study released by the Donaldson Adoption Institute titled "Beyond Culture Camp." Of adoptees polled in the study, 30 percent reported that they had adopted at least one child. In comparison, 3.7 percent of households in 2003 included at least one adopted child, as reported by the US Census Bureau.
These figures may indicate a potential trend: “No one's done that kind of work so we don't know for sure, but if you look at the study, there was a stunning percentage of adoptees who adopted,” said Adam Pertman, executive director of the Donaldson Adoption Institute.
Asian adoptees can benefit from an expedited adoption process depending on the adoption agency and country they choose. A Korean adoptee, for instance, is still considered a national and, therefore, granted preference in adopting a child from Korea.
When Viot was 6, they left South Korea, their birth country, to live with their adoptive white family in St. Paul, MN. Growing up in the Midwest in the '70s was difficult. Viot and their biological brother, part of an early wave of Korean adoptees in the United States, were the only people of color in their neighborhood. Their family lacked access to resources to learn more about the children's birth country and any relevant cultural differences. Viot's adoptive parents raised them as though they shared their history and experiences.
When Viot was ready to start their own family, adoption wasn't their first choice. But when complications moved Viot and their husband to adopt, Viot naturally looked to Korea: They felt they could better understand an adopted child from their country of origin.
Ruby arrived at Viot's St. Louis Park, MN, home in 2008 as a 9-month-old baby. Since then, Ruby has brought peace to Viot's life and tightened Viot's bonds to their birth country. “I never took a pride in being Korean," Viot said, though they aren't necessarily ashamed. “I was often confused and sad because I knew I didn't fit in. I just didn't know who I was.”
Motivated by their daughter, Viot has begun to explore Korean food (she can now cook kaktugi, bulgogi, japchae and kimchi jigae) and the Korean language (she has learned to read Hangul and aspires to speak it with their biological family).  They are also interested in learning Korean drumming and dance through the Korean Heritage House, which recently opened in the Twin Cities; Ruby will be enrolled when they turn 4.
“We're learning together,” said Viot, who has founded an Internet forum for parents undergoing the adoption process. I have to stop myself from thinking that just because [Ruby and I] look alike that is enough. I'm still learning about the traditions. I have to do my homework, just like my [friends who are] Caucasian adoptive parents.
Looking alike eliminates one complication that often accompanies international adoption: Most people assume Ruby is Viot's biological child. But Viot anticipates that Ruby may still grapple with cultural and identity issues. They hope to expose Ruby to their Korean heritage from the outset — something Viot's parents were unable to do for their adopted children.
“I want my daughter to know from the beginning who they are and why they do some of the things they do and thinks the way they do," Viot said. "There are a lot of things my parents didn't do that I am going to do. I am going to make every effort to learn the language. As their mother, I want them to have fewer holes to fill in when she's older than all the holes I had."
But Viot knows they cannot shield Ruby from everything: Ruby will grow up with the label of "adoptee." "The day they totally intellectually understands that they are adopted is the day that their self-view will change."
In 1961, at 15 months old, Melinda Matthews met their adoptive family in New Jersey. Despite some challenges, Matthews views their experience as a Korean adoptee in a white family as positive. Unlike Viot, Matthews always had a desire to adopt from their birth country.
“Adopting my daughter didn't feel like baby-buying to me,” Matthews said. “It was, ironically, the sole thread from my own adoption that I felt compelled to continue. I absolutely needed to pass on my adoptive heritage; it meant far more to me than continuing my genetic heritage."
An adopted child was someone Matthews could relate to completely, someone they could guide and understand. "Most importantly, I could love full-heartedly and unreservedly, without passing along the twin specters of guilt and gratitude that have haunted me,” they said.
Matthews now lives in Plantation, FL, with their three children: two biological children and their youngest daughter, Kimmy, who was adopted from Korea as a 5-month-old.
Like Viot, Matthews believes that their physical similarity to their adopted daughter, now 11, goes a long way. “I don't think they are impacted much by their adoption,” Matthews said. “She doesn't stand out as physically different so they don't draw the questions and stares that I did. She's never singled out as an adoptee.”
In fact, strangers often remark on Kimmy's resemblance to her, especially compared with their biological children who are half-Korean and half-white.
Matthews has fostered the same relationship with Kimmy as with their biological children. "I have not emphasized our adoption connection," they said, though they are always alert and open to that topic being raised. "I want them to be aware of their adoption and mine, but I don't want them pegged as the ‘adopted one.' "
Kimmy, whom Matthews calls a very social "all-American girl," occasionally asks about their biological parents, but for now they don't dwell on the topic. Kimmy has not yet shown much interest in Korean culture or in seeking out their roots. But Matthews is preparing for the time when that changes. "That is when I hope I can step up and support them the way they need to be supported. I just hope if anything comes up that I can give their perspective or that I can at least understand.
"Her experience is really different than mine," Matthews said. "She does not seem to be the oddity that I was growing up.”
Kelley Christine Blomberg is a Korean adoptee who grew up in the Midwest and now lives in San Francisco.
Earlier this week, the online collection Comics with Problems released the ironically titled "Dignity and Respect: A Training Guide on Homosexual Conduct Policy." The colorful, wordy comic from 2001 was published by the Army to educate soldiers about "Don't Ask, Don't Tell," and how it is enforced and carried out. On the inside cover, in big, bold letters, is written:
Our mission is to comply with the law that prohibits homosexual conduct while at the same time respecting the privacy and dignity of every soldier.
The roughly 14,000 men and women who have been forced to give up their military careers because of this discriminatory and counterproductive policy know firsthand that such a "mission" is impossible. It is not possible to treat every soldier with "dignity" while also treating certain soldiers as second-class service members simply because of who they are. It is not possible to respect the privacy of every soldier when investigations can be started to explore who certain soldiers choose to enter into intimate relationships with. In that sense, the comic was setting itself up for failure from the first page.
What follows over the next roughly 30 pages is a contorted, bizarre attempt to show how irrational discrimination can be enforced in a seamless and cheerful manner. In one early scene, a commander informs a solider that they are going to recommend the initiation of "separation action" against them because of their "homosexual conduct." No, you are a not reading a George Orwell novel. This is actual, current government policy!
Providing further helpful commentary on the Army comic was Rachel Maddow, who, on Wednesday's show, provided voice-over readings from certain scenes.
While the Army takes more than 30 pages to try to explain and defend the irrational and indefensible, the ACLU, with the help of Matt Bors, has a very simple, straight-forward illustration of the cruel reality of "Don't Ask, Don't Tell."
And to think we didn't even get to use the phrase "separation action"!
Please join the ACLU in telling Congress that now is the time to finally end this discriminatory absurdity once and for all.
An upgrade at Yongbyon nuclear site could double North Korea's capacity to make weapons-grade uranium, according to a defense analytics firm on Tuesday. Image from Google Maps
SEOUL, Aug. 11 (UPI) -- New analysis of satellite images are showing signs North Korea is building a second centrifuge facility that could be used to enrich uranium in Yongbyon.
The report from British defense analytics firm IHS Jane on Tuesday said the upgrade could double North Korea's capacity to make weapons-grade uranium, NBC news reported.
Centrifuges are used to enrich uranium that can be used for nuclear power plants and atomic bombs. Pyongyang may have ten nuclear warheads, but the missile technology is under development.
The images used in the analysis were taken in January and February, South Korean news agency Yonhap reported. Melted snow around the building indicated heat was accumulating from activities taking place inside the structure where a new centrifuge had been installed.
The satellite images taken between January and February indicated an expansion of activities. In January, snow had melted around the main facility believed to be in use for uranium enrichment but by early February snow had begun to melt around a second building and adjacent structures.
IHS Jane analyst Karl Dewey told NBC News the new centrifuge facility "could potentially double North Korea's ability to produce weapons-grade uranium."
Dewey said the development in Pyongyang's nuclear infrastructure "further entrenches North Korea's behavior" and would make "roll-back harder."
In July a retired U.S. government satellite imagery analyst said North Korea is working on a transformer yard that would connect the electricity-producing reactor to the grid, and that North Korea had installed five cells at a Yongbyon building that may be used to store explosive components of a nuclear weapon.
I've noticed some people who should know better claiming that bringing up Gov. Palin's troopergate scandal is tantamount to making a victim of or defending their slimeball ex-brother-in-law who allegedly once used a taser on their stepson.
That's awfully foolish. So I thought I'd put together a post explaining why.
The person in question is state trooper Mike Wooten — Palin's ex-brother-in-law who's embroiled in a bitter custody and divorce battle with Palin's sister. Back in the second week of August, well before Palin became a national political figure, TPMMuckraker was reporting on this story. And as part of the reporting we tried to get a handle on just how bad a guy Wooten was. Most people who are familiar with the ugliness that often spills out of custody and divorce cases know to take accusations arising out of the course of them with a grain of salt unless you know a lot about the people involved. And if you look closely at the case there are numerous reasons to question the picture drawn by the Palin family. Regardless, we proceeded on the assumption that Wooten really was a rotten guy because the truth is that it wasn't relevant to the investigation of Palin.
Let's review what happened.
The Palin family had a feud with Wooten prior to them becoming governor. They put together a list of 14 accusations which they took to the state police to investigate — a list that ranged from the quite serious to the truly absurd. The state police did an investigation, decided that 5 of the charges had some merit and suspended Wooten for ten days — a suspension later reduced to five days. The Palin's weren't satisfied but there wasn't much they could do.
When Palin became governor they went for another bite at the apple. Palin, their husband and several members of their staff began pressuring Public Safety Commissioner, Walt Monegan — a respected former Chief of the Anchorage police department — to can Wooten. Monegan resisted, arguing that the official process regarding Wooten was closed. And there was nothing more that could be done. In fact, during one of the conversations in which Palin's husband Todd was putting on the squeeze, Monegan told Todd Palin, “You can't head hunt like this. What you need to do is back off, because if the trooper does make a mistake, and it is a terminable offense, it can look like political interference.”
Eventually, Palin got fed up and fired Monegan from their job. (Palin claims, not credibly, that they fired Monegan over general differences in law enforcement priorities.) This is an important point. Wooten never got fired. To the best of my knowledge, he's is still on the job. The central bad act was firing the state's top police official because they refused to bend to political pressure from the governor and their family to fire a public employee against whom the governor was pursuing a vendetta — whether the vendetta was justified or not.
Soon after this, questions were raised in the state about Monegan's firing and they eventually came forward and said they believed he'd been fired for not giving in to pressure to fire Wooten.
After Monegan made their accusations, Palin insisted there was no truth whatsoever to their claims. Nonetheless, a bipartisan committee of the state legislature approved an investigation. In response, Palin asked the Attorney General to start their own investigation which many in the state interpreted as an effort to either keep tabs on or tamper with the legislature's investigation. Again, very questionable judgment in someone who aspires to be first in line to the presidency.
The Attorney General's investigation quickly turned up evidence that Palin's initial denials were false. Multiple members of their staff had raised Wooten's employment with Monegan. Indeed, the state police had a recording of one of their deputies pushing Monegan to fire Wooten. That evidence forced Palin to change their story. Palin said that this was the first she'd heard of it and insisted the deputy wasn't acting at their behest, even though the trascript of the recorded call clearly suggested that they are. (Hear the audio here.)
Just yesterday, Monegan gave an interview to the Washington Post in which they said that not only Palin's aides, but Palin's husband and Palin themselves had repeatedly raised the Wooten issue with them and pressured them to fire him. And now they say they have emails that Palin sent them about the matter. (In an interesting sidelight, that may end up telling us a lot, Monegan says no one from the McCain campaign ever contacted them in the vetting process.)
The investigator appointed by the state legislature began trying to arrange a time to depose Gov. Palin last week — in other words, in the final days before their selection.
So let's put this all together.
We rely on elected officials not to use the power of their office to pursue personal agendas or vendettas. It's called an abuse of power. There is ample evidence that Palin used their power as governor to get their ex-brother-in-law fired. When their boss refused to fire him, they fired their boss. They first denied Monegan's claims of pressure to fire Wooten and then had to amend their story when evidence proved otherwise. The available evidence now suggests that they 1) tried to have an ex-relative fired from their job for personal reasons, something that was clearly inappropriate, and perhaps illegal, though possibly understandable in human terms, 2) fired a state official for not themselves acting inappropriately by firing the relative, 3) lied to the public about what happened and 4) continues to lie about what happened.
These are, to put it mildly, not the traits or temperament you want in someone who could hold the executive power of the federal government.
The government said the penny will remain legal tender like other Canadian coins. Morgue File
While businesses do not have a legal obligation to accept any particular Canadian coins or banknotes in a retail transaction, the penny will continue to be legal tender like all other Canadian coins, and businesses may accept the coin as a means of payment if they so choose.
As part of its Economic Action Plan 2012 , the government announced that the Royal Canadian Mint will cease distribution of the penny to save the government $11 million a year. It was widely reported that producing the one-cent coin is costing the government 1.6 cents each.This means that the penny can still be used to pay for any money transactions but consumers and businesses should not expect pennies for change. Instead, cash transactions will be rounded up or down. If pennies are not available for cash transactions, the government guidelines urged businesses to round up or down "in a fair and transparent manner."For illustration purposes, the Mint suggested that if the transaction is $1.01 or $1.02, this can be rounded down to $1 while transactions of $1.06 or $1.07 should be rounded down to $1.05. If the transaction is $1.03 or $1.04, the total should be rounded up to $1.05, while transactions totalling $1.08 or $1.09 should be rounded up to $1.10.However, transactions done electronically -- by credit or debit card -- or through cheques will not be rounded.Any taxes, fees or duties have to be calculated first before the final amount is rounded for cash transactions, according to the government guidelines . The rounding should also be done for the total and not for individual items, the guidelines added.There are conflicting reports if Canadian businesses are ready for the transition.According to a Canada Newswire report, a survey by the Retail Council of Canada (RCC) revealed that retailers in the country -- big and small -- are ready to deal with penny-less transactions.The report quoted the RCC survey showing that:- 55% of retailers surveyed are prepared for the transition;- 74% of small retailers and 75% of medium-sized businesses will do the rounding manually at the cash register; while- 63% of large businesses will change their point of sale systems, and this would entail cost.But a report by the Ottawa Citizen said some small businesses are not yet ready for the transition. The report also noted that some businesses are concerned with the lack of sufficient information campaign about the phase-out.[For more info on the Canadian penny, read Final Canadian penny to be produced this week at special ceremony The February 2013 schedule was actually postponed. The government had earlier planned for a phase out of the penny in fall 2012.Digital Journal earlier reported that the postponement was to allow consumers and businesses, including financial institutions and charities, to prepare for the transition.On May 4, 2012, the last penny was struck in special ceremonies in Winnipeg by Finance Minister Jim Flaherty and Parliamentary Secretary Shelly Glover.While the government will not issue any more new pennies, the government said the penny will remain legal tender.On the government's FAQ page , it reads:Consumers can deposit the pennies with their favourite financial institutions.The Canadian penny was first minted by the British Royal Mint in London in 1858.
CEOs often complain about board meetings: too much work, too much time, too little help. Many board members complain, too. It doesn't have to be like that. CEOs have the ability to build great, functional boards: Just run the board like you run your business.
1. Staff it well. You need someone to run the board. That's you. You are the CEO, you have better information about what is going on in the business and about the problems you and your team are trying to solve. If you can't run your board meeting, even if you're not the official chair of the board, you're probably not going to be running your company for long.
Figure out what roles you need in the near future. Are you looking for strategic input? Relationships with customers? What help do you want from each board member? Then “hire” the right board members for those roles.
2. Right-size your board. If your company has six people, you don't need a board with three people to tell you what to do. You need to go do it. If your company has 100 people, you don't need a meeting with 15 people to tell you what to do. Actually, no company needs a board with more than 10 people. Everybody in the room should add value, whether he/she is an observer or actual board member or the lawyer recording the minutes or someone on the executive team.
Some corporate charters are written to require lots of board members and lots of observers. I have seen the complexity and awkwardness large boards can create, and would not wish a large board on my worst enemy. CEOs sometimes agree to large boards to raise money, promising an investor two board seats or a board seat and an observer seat. Then every subsequent investor requests two seats. It's not the sign of a healthy company or one that is set up for success. If you need to agree, try to use a subsequent financing to restructure the board. It's not easy, but well worth the effort. One board had 16 plus attendees, not including the 8 company executives who attended. After moving out several attendees to a separate meeting, the board was able to hold more effective, shorter and more interesting meetings, and everyone was happier.
Remove or reform the board member everyone complains about—the one that makes everyone dread board meetings. The board member who talks too much without listening, usually without having read the materials in advance, and focuses on issues that no one else thinks are important. Spend some time with the board member to see if there is a potential contribution, and if not, provide some feedback to help improve interactions or remove him/her. If you really cannot remove him/her easily and providing feedback falls on deaf ears, find a workaround—form smaller committees to make decisions that get approved by the board with less frequent board meetings.
Please try to avoid bringing the entire management team to board meetings just because it helps morale or egos to attend. The fewer people in the room the better the discussions. If an executive in the room has no role in the meeting, people may wonder why he/she is in the room or, even worse, might question the executive's strengths. Or the executive might feel compelled to say something to create a role, and that will frustrate everyone. If the team needs a morale boost, try to fix that problem and avoid creating an additional one.
3. Once you have the right people, help them do what you brought them in to do. Get your board member who is experienced at selling and/or recruiting to help hire employees and close customers by providing a targeted task: either a hire to make or a targeted company to sell and agree on a timeline. Provide a set of people to interview or a recruiter to work with, or two or three customers to target. These are generally easy actions for a board member: 45 minutes to two hours of a contained set of meetings.
Let board members help you. If you are recruiting a sales candidate and you have the former CEO of a sales oriented company on your board, he/she is a great candidate to help run the search. It builds credibility and you'll have one person who is fully vested in the search. It also lets you run your day-to-day business better. If you are fundraising, have an experienced angel or VC board member help you by reviewing the pitch, running scenarios and getting feedback early and often.
4. Build relationships with your board members: Over time, you should form a good idea of what their perspectives are, which will help you plan better. Then, get help in running the board when you need it. If you know one board member agrees with a controversial position you want to take, strategize with him/her on how to explain and present the position. VC board members deal with building consensus all day long at their partnerships and can be helpful at managing board dynamics as well.
Overall, building trust among your board members is important, too. It helps with decision-making, especially in situations where your board members' interests might not be aligned. Board dinners, lunches and holiday gatherings might seem unproductive, but can help when tough conversations are needed. Also once board members build trust and personal friendships, everyone has more fun. Difficult conversations are easier to have, and situations are easier to navigate and get resolved earlier and faster.
5. Communicate consistently and set expectations: Use the same language and metrics every time. Remember, most board members are on several other boards or have full-time jobs. They won't easily remember something that changes every board meeting. Remind people what was promised and what was executed.
Run an agenda by the board at least 24 hours before the meeting to avoid getting caught flat-footed by a surprise topic at the board meeting. Give board members an opportunity to flag issues that are important to them. If only one board member is interested, have a side discussion to address the issue. It gives you an opportunity to build the relationship and an ally. Your agenda is what is important to you; find out what is important to your audience, the board. If you're far apart, that's important to know early.
Get your deck out early—at least 24 and ideally 48 hours in advance. No one is going to read more than 25 slides carefully. Try to avoid putting together more than 40, and use the last 15 as an appendix so the first 25 slides have all the key information.
Again avoid surprises. Board members don't want to be surprised. If you have a huge miss for the quarter, but told everyone a few weeks earlier that you were on track, please address it directly and let the board know why you were surprised. Even if you don't address it, board members will complain about how insincere you were to try to brush this issue under the rug. They will try to figure out whether you have a sense of how big a miss it was or what you have to do to prevent another miss.
6. Get feedback. During the meeting, look around the room. If 8 people are focused on their laptops, tablets or phones, then they don't belong in the room or you don't belong in the room. At the end of the meeting, have executive board time, where the team is out of the room and the board can give you feedback. Step out of the room for 15 minutes scheduled time to give the board some time to talk about you. It's not a good feeling, but better to hear early if you need to change than to find out too late. Or that the program you championed or new executive you hired is not effective in the board's view. Get feedback afterward from a trusted board member for an honest opinion of how the board meeting went.
Use your board meeting preparation to check in with yourself and to take a more strategic look at the business. Prepare materials that are helpful to you and your team. Tough issues worth a long board discussion are usually more strategic: dealing with competition, building new markets, what went wrong, expanding into new products or geographies, key hires or fires. Running through costs line by line or through the sales pipeline company by company is not helpful, unless you are looking for ways to cut your burn rate or you are having trouble closing sales. In either case, unless you are really early stage, there should be someone in the company who gets hired (or fired first) for that role. If it's your role, then it might be time to find an expert.
Build your board the same way you build your company. It's about the right team, communicating well, learning and relationships. Good luck and have fun.
by AyyA in athiesm, Human Rights Watch, islam contradictories, News and Announcements, Politics, Religion
Alrawandi
A free minded blogger, a teacher who has had enough, has finally revealed their true identity and fled the atrocities of the Islamic system of their country; Saudi Arabia.
A revolutionist who has gone astray without prior planning
Their book is already circulating the Net
They have much to say to the world
Enough is enough
This is their blog
http://rawndy.blogspot.com
Has the age of enlightenment started in this part of the world?
Or could dictatorship prevail in the twenty-first century?
Alrawandi is a fighter and they chose to single-handedly fight the system their own way.
They may be mad
They may be acid-tongued
They may be gone overboard
But one thing is for sure:
 They are freedom fighter
And they deserve our support
For the fight is not only his, even if we did not agree with the means
But, at the end of the day; who are we to judge?
Kudos to Alrawandi
An Update:
Great article by Eman Elbadah
Click Here
English translation*
Why “Alrawandi”?/ Eman Ali Albadah
Sun, July 19, 2009
“Alrawandi” was able in a very short time to enforce themselves as one of the most infamous atheist of the Golf region and the whole Arab blogging communities. It is evident from their writings that they are educated, an avid reader, and somewhat learned. But the most distinct feature (in their writing style) is their wrath and disgust with their kin, religion and country in a very peculiar fashion for a young man of their age who has a lot to look forward to.
Alrawandi, in a very strange move, has published their full name, address, photographs of themselves and photo copies of their IDs and certificates; (a move) which is considered suicidal in our Islamic World. So what had prompted an educated youth to dwell into dismay and resort to suicide? What is behind their endless wrath and public display of atheism against all what their society is found on?
What pushed them to this limit is – as they explain in detail in their blog- is the social, political and religious hypocrisy ( of a society) that sheds tears on the veils (hijab) of Moslem women in France and Turkey, while misusing and suppressing women publicly in all the Islamic world under a lawful creed umbrella, rant human rights Justus and, at the same time, practice slavery in its most vicious forms under the same umbrella. (Society) that calls for a dialog and tolerance and, at the same time, chases and sues others with different faiths or even different opinions. What pushed them to insanity boarders is the utter silence of the government against the Islamic Fatwas (advisory opinion) that encourages, and militarizes the youth for fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan in their blooming ages.
What made them lose their sanity was the (legal) permission to court an infant, ban alcoholic-based disinfectants in cleaning detergents, and absolve drinking urine. It killed them to see the waste in Arab youths and identities while their sheikhs (clerics) discuss trivialities such as menstruation, post pregnancy, and what invalidates ablution as if they were novelties of the twenty-first century.
Alrawandi, with their own conviction, is alcoholic, and their writing style has surpassed any limits of morality and public properness. But in any case, (Alrawandi) is one of many cases that symbolizes the vast number of their likes, in different age groups, who are prone to self-destruction and slow-pace suicide?
Most of the commentators on their blog are the educated youth, who had the courage to think and search, outside the boundaries of school curriculums and official books. They have queries, comments and opinions that are not very popular, but remain legitimate. On the opposite side there are the grand “ sages” of the nation, ready with mockery, disowning, belittlement and terrorism, (so) nothing was left for them but to disbelieve everything and resort to remorse and suicide.
Thinking (out of the box) is a blessing that caused humanity to evolve; contemplation and criticism are two beneficial traits that broke the barriers of “the shortcoming” of culture. It opened doors for creativity and novelty. (Now) how to deal with these traits is the difference between societies that are destined to evolve and survive, and those that (chose to) eat themselves to extinction. As for the fear over “founding ethics” and “historical facts” (rhetoric), this is nothing but a veil under which terror against renovation and change is concealed. Truth is obvious for any sane person to conceive in their heart before their mind, doesn't the youth deserve some of our time and tolerance?
* I hope I have Eman's permission
It feels like 2016 is going to be a grand year for mobile gaming because the year started with some pretty intense and superior titles launching, and French developers behind Digixart Entertainment, co-creator of Valiant Hearts, rightfully take the glory for their hard and ingenious work. Powerful, spectacular and engrossing, Lost in Harmony is definitely one of the best mobile games as of late.
Story
It's a 21st century, and it feels like nearly every family has experienced the loss of a loved one to cancer, be it a relative or a friend. It reaps its bloody harvest without politesse to wealth or age. Lost in Harmony narrates a story of a young love and a tragic loss. As the illness takes its toll on a 15-year old Aya, their best friend Kaito is there for her, but there is not much they can do except for visiting them at the hospital.
As the months go by, Kaito and Aya get to realize the inevitability, and Kaito escapes the painful reality into their dreams. They put on their headphones and drifts off into the music, dreaming of a fantasy world where Aya is not sick. With Aya on their back, Kaito rides their skateboard across the futuristic cities, apocalyptic scenes, escaping disasters, wars, gangs, wild animals. With each dream, they go deeper into denial and escapism. They shoot to the stars, or dive deep into a volcanic vortex.
However, everything seems to be against them. Short periods of tranquility and fun are followed by massive onslaught of attacks. Even birds and asteroids aim to hit them off the track.
At the end of each ride, they watch the sky. There is this one particularly bright star, or a constellation. Aya lifts their hands to reach for it, and every time they do it, they fade a little more. One more time and they walk into the light.
Gameplay
This heartbreaking story is perfectly integrated into the gameplay. Being a music game, and a runner, Lost in Space sees you controlling Kaito as they auto-rides different tracks with spectacular environments.
Kaito rides right onto you, so you can see what's coming at them from behind – cars, choppers, birds, boars, bombs, and a multitude of other deadly things, depending on the dream.
Then, there are obstacles coming onto Kaito, the ones you can't see. The game signals their coming with arrows, large and small.
Controls
The lower left and right areas are the direction controls. You need to tap and hold for better precision. Swipe up to jump in time and overcome the incoming obstacles on the road.
Most importantly, feel the music. Lost in Harmony has an outstanding score of remixes of classical music and one amazing track Lost in Time by Wyclef Jean, written specifically for the game. The remixes are wonderful, and each dream has a slew of tracks that range in emotions, intensity and gameplay difficulty.
Once you realize you need to listen to the music to do better at dodging obstacles, you will get the knack of the gameplay. When you start swiping to jump to the beat, and swaying left and right to the melody, you realize you dodge obstacles and collect the star dust a lot better than by just registering the visual signs.
Another challenge is to tap the stars in the upper area to match the rhythm or melody of the music. Some stars require just timely tap, some swipe in the right direction with the right speed, and some are duo-stars that need to be pressed in sync.
The game calculates your score based on the music stars and combos, and how well you avoid obstacles. Get hit by one, and it chips away from your total score. There are also several light spheres across the track that you need to collect. These give you a significant boost in score.
Difficulty
This all boils down to a pretty intense twitch gameplay that tests your reflexes and music touch. Needless to say, you are going to need your both hands and preferably all fingers. So, it's best played with your device placed either on an even table, or positioned on a holder with a slight angle. Playing when holding the device in your hands is utterly impossible. It's not a con per se, just a note to keep in mind.
The story mode is playable offline, and consists of 13 dreams and story cut scenes in between. Each dream has two difficulty modes, and several grades of success in each. You fail if you don't cover 50% of the track successfully avoiding obstacles and collecting stars.
In some areas, dodging obstacles seems impossible, and that, too, makes perfect sense. Because even though it's an escape, you still can't get away from life and all the stuff that sometimes nukes you down.
Replay Value
The community playtracks mode is a world of its own, and you need a connection to explore it. User-crafted levels with different music and optional challenges and music stars to collect feature the best score, and if you beat it you will be featured the next time someone plays the track. The number of the tracks in the community library grows exponentially.
And then, there is the level editor, where you can create your own track. Choose the music from your local library (this method did not work for me) or from Soundcloud. There is a convenient in-built search option, so you can easily find the one you want on Soundcloud. Once the track is downloaded to your account, you can start customizing the play.
Landscapes, music stars placement and timing, obstacles and star dust placement – you really have room to expand and excel. On a side note, the community library and level editor could use a little more stability improvement. Sometimes they take too long to load, and freeze. You can also record and publish your walkthrough with Everyplay.
The replayability is ample in Lost in Harmony, even though you will cover the story mode in a day. There is always room to improve your score in each dream, both in Normal and Hard modes. In addition, you will have your favorite dreams. I think I could play Rampage endlessly. To think of it, an endless mode with an hour-long trippy, sci-fi score is missing here. Does anyone from the community feel like making it? Multiply that by the level editor and community tracks, and you have a favorite music twitch game that's gorgeous and emotional. Lost in Harmony is a game to show off to your friends.
That said, the game is totally worth a purchase. Android users can try the free demo version that features 4 dreams. Everything else is locked to the full version, including the community tracks and level editor.
The artwork is stellar and offers a slew of beautiful, hand-drawn environments and Big Hero 6-reminiscent style in characters. You can also purchase a different outfit for Kaito (boards, hats, headphones and clothes), and each item costs $0.99.
The Good
Emotional story, easy to relate to
Brilliant music
Gorgeous design
Addicting, unique gameplay
Excellent replay value
Two difficulty modes
Level editor
Community-created tracks
Story mode plays offline
The Bad
The level editor may crash the game
Lost in Harmony
Developer: Digixart Entertainment
Genre: music, reflex
Price: free demo, $3.99 full version
OST on YouTube
Download from iTunes | Google Play
The Verdict
Lost in Harmony can be depressing, especially to those directly affected by similar events. It's good to know where things are headed even from the four levels available in the free demo, so you can decide for yourself if it's anywhere you want to go. If yes, you won't regret the purchase because the game is a wealth of fine music, intense reflex-based gameplay and spectacular visuals. It's challenging enough without being inaccessible, yet the hardcore gamers will find the elevated difficulty mode delightful. The community tracks and level editor add more replayability to the catchy story mode, and the end result is a game too easy to recommend. Don't miss it.
You thought they were the smart Bush. You thought they were the reasonable one. You thought they were the Republican with one foot in the 21st century, the man who wasn't going to say crazy things to win the primary voter who believes in crazy things. But you haven't been paying attention to Jeb Bush.
Yes, they were strafed from both sides for their tortured and fact-challenged explanations of the Iraq war. The fumbling is understandable: Bound by family fealty, the fraternal load of the biggest foreign policy debacle of our time, Jeb Bush can't state the obvious.
But an equally astounding, and perhaps more absurd utterance, has not received nearly as much attention — their climate change stance. Bush the youngest believes the Earth is warming. No doubt, he's willing to go further out on a limb and conclude that heat expands, cold contracts and a dolphin is not a fish.
That's as far as he'll go. They say the science is “convoluted,” even though the latest assessment from international climate scientists states with 95 percent confidence that humans are the cause of a sick planet. That obfuscation is also understandable. You simply cannot be a leader of the Republican Party without appearing to know less than a fifth grader about earth science.
2K Sports is extending online support for NBA 2K14, following a storm of outrage over its decision to close the game's servers after 16 months — a decision that also closed down career-mode gamesaves on the game's PlayStation 4 and Xbox One versions, even if they were played offline.
A 2K Sports representative told Polygon of the extension this evening. The full statement is below.
2K has restored the NBA 2K14 servers and all online services. Beginning today, we are extending the support of all NBA 2K servers from 18 to 27 months following each release, giving our players more time to experience and enjoy the highest rated NBA simulation video game franchise. The opinions of our community continue to have a positive impact on our business decisions as we strive to create the best possible experience for all of our fans.
Server support for NBA 2K14 had originally shut down March 31. Because of the way NBA 2K14's career modes and virtual economy were structured in the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One editions, both required a check-in with 2K Sports' servers, even though all of the games both modes played were single-player offline experiences.
It is possible to create an offline save file in NBA 2K14 on PS4 and Xbox One, but it is wholly separate from any online file created. Thus, after the March 31 shutdown, players were faced with starting over offline after sinking dozens of hours into their careers.
On March 3, a 2K Sports representative assured Polygon readers that online save files would be automatically converted for offline use after the shutdown; this did not happen. Users locked out of their save files complained to 2K Sports, and received a form response from 2K Support saying their players and general managers had been "retired" along with online support.
Following the shutdown and the realization that career saves were lost, outrage on Twitter and in forums was swift, severe and unified against 2K Sports.
NBA 2K14 on PlayStation 4 and Xbox One, which launched with the consoles' debuts in 2013, was troubled by persistent online disruptions for several weeks after its release. NBA 2K15 loosened some of the virtual currency requirements to make changes and decisions in the MyGM mode, but still operates under the same check-in structure, raising questions over whether it will face the same issues whenever online support for it ends.
The March 31 shutdown date would have meant NBA 2K14 on PS4 and Xbox One had online services for 16 months, among the shortest tenures of online support for an annual sports franchise. By contrast, online features for EA Sports' Madden NFL 12 and FIFA 12, both released four years ago, remain active.
For now, online service to NBA 2K14 is confirmed; an Operation Sports user posted this image this evening:
Author: Jonathan Spelman
Category: Ethics
Word Count: 1000
1. Resultant Moral Luck
While my brother and I were growing up, our father would tell us stories from their time as a police officer. One of those stories was about a teenager who fell asleep at the wheel, crossed over the center line, and hit an oncoming vehicle containing two passengers, an elderly couple, both of whom were killed in the crash.
Years later, a friend of mine told me a similar story. Driving home one night, they fell asleep at the wheel, crossed over the center line, and hit an oncoming vehicle containing one passenger, a middle-aged woman. Though seriously injured, they survived.
Given these details, you might be tempted to think that the teenager is morally worse than my friend because the results of their actions were worse than the results of my friend's actions. If this is what you think, then you believe in the existence of moral luck, for you believe that how good a person is can depend on factors beyond one's control (e.g., the safety features of the vehicle one hits, the physical condition of that vehicle's passengers, whether those passengers are wearing seatbelts, etc.). In particular, you believe in the existence of resultant moral luck because you believe that how good one is can depend on the results of one's actions, even when those results are beyond one's control.
2. The Control Principle
While you may initially have been tempted to regard the teenager as morally worse than my friend, after carefully considering that the results of my friend's actions were better due to purely lucky factors, you might be willing to reevaluate the moral situation. You might then conclude that the teenager and my friend are moral equals, neither any relevantly worse than the other. Why are they moral equals? Because the only difference between them is attributable to factors beyond their control. If this is what you think, then you do not, in fact, believe in the existence of resultant moral luck.
In “Moral Luck,” Thomas Nagel describes the motivation for denying the existence of moral luck. They write, “Prior to reflection it is intuitively plausible that people cannot be morally assessed for what is not their fault, or for what is due to factors beyond their control.”1 We'll call this principle, that how good one is cannot depend on factors beyond one's control, the control principle.
As Nagel admits, the control principle is quite plausible. We do not think that how good one is depends on factors beyond one's control. There is a worry, however, that everything about a person depends on factors beyond their control, in which case moral assessment turns out to be impossible. To see how one might arrive at that conclusion, we'll look at three other potential species of moral luck, namely circumstantial, constitutive, and causal moral luck.
3. Circumstantial Moral Luck
Whereas resultant moral luck exists if how good one is can depend on the results of one's actions, even when those results are due to factors beyond one's control, circumstantial moral luck exists if how good one is can depend on how one acts, even when how one acts is due to factors beyond one's control. For example, imagine that two married women are drinking at a bar. Both find the bartender attractive, and each is willing to cheat on their husband with the bartender. The bartender, however, is only interested in one of them. Thus, only one of the two women cheats.
Intuitively, those who cheat are worse than those who don't, but in cases like this one, whether an individual cheats depend on factors beyond their or their control. Thus, if those who cheat are worse than those who don't, circumstantial moral luck exists.
4. Constitutive Moral Luck
Constitutive moral luck exists if how good one is can depend on one's character traits, even when one's character traits are due to factors beyond one's control.
For example, although violent criminals seem worse than upstanding citizens, it's plausible to think that whether one is a violent criminal or an upstanding citizen depends on one's genes and the environment in which one is raised. Moreover, if that's correct, then whether someone is a violent criminal or an upstanding citizen is due to factors beyond their or their control. Thus, if violent criminals are, in fact, worse than upstanding citizens, then constitutive moral luck exists.
5. Causal Moral Luck
Causal moral luck exists if how good an individual is can depend on anything about that individual despite the fact that everything about them or them is ultimately attributable to the laws of nature and antecedent circumstances.
The position that everything about us is attributable to the laws of nature and antecedent circumstances is known as determinism. There is philosophical controversy regarding the compatibility (or incompatibility) of determinism and free will. Regardless of this philosophical controversy, it does seem as though if determinism is true, everything about us is ultimately beyond our control.
6. The Problem of Moral Luck and Potential Solutions
By this point, it should be clear that the control principle is incompatible with the way we practice moral assessment. This is the problem of moral luck.
There are two popular responses to this problem. First, there are those who would have us reject the control principle in order to preserve the way we practice moral assessment.2 Second, there are those who would have us alter the way we practice moral assessment in order to preserve the control principle.3
If neither of those options seems plausible, one could give up on the possibility of moral assessment altogether or embrace a revisionist solution. Bernard Williams, for example, recommends that we draw a distinction between two kinds of assessment, moral and ethical. While affirming the truth of the control principle on which people cannot be morally assessed for what is due to factors beyond their control, Williams argues that people can yet be ethically assessed for what is due to factors beyond their control. Furthermore, they contend that ethical assessment is the more important of the two kinds of assessment.4
Although none of these solutions seems entirely satisfactory, one of them must be correct.
Notes
1 Nagel 1976, 138.
2 For examples of this response, see Adams 1985, Walker 1991, Wolf 1993, and Fischer and Ravizza 2000.
3 For examples of this response, see Richards 1986, Sverdlik 1988, Zimmerman 2002, and Enoch and Marmor 2007.
4 Williams 1993.
Bibliography
Adams, Robert Merrihew. “Involuntary Sins.” The Philosophical Review 94, no. 1 (1985): 3-31.
Enoch, David and Andrei Marmor. “The Case against Moral Luck.” Law and Philosophy 26, no. 4 (July 2007): 405-436.
Fischer, John Martin and Mark Ravizza. Responsibility and Control: A Theory of Moral Responsibility. New York: Cambridge University Press, 2000.
Nagel, Thomas. “Moral Luck.” Proceedings of the Aristotelian Society, Supplementary Volumes 50 (1976): 137-151.
Richards, Norvin. “Luck and Desert.” Mind 95, no. 378 (April 1986): 198-209.
Sverdlik, Steven. “Crime and Moral Luck.” American Philosophical Quarterly 25, no. 1 (January 1988): 79-86.
Walker, Margaret Urban. “Moral Luck and the Virtues of Impure Agency.” Metaphilosophy 22, nos. 1-2 (January 1991): 14-27.
Williams, Bernard. “Postscript.” Moral Luck. Ed. Daniel Statman. Albany: State University of New York Press, 1993. 251-258.
Wolf, Susan. Freedom Within Reason. New York: Oxford University Press, 1993.
Zimmerman, Michael J. “Taking Luck Seriously.” The Journal of Philosophy 99, no. 11 (November 2002): 553-576.
About the Author
Jonathan is a visiting assistant professor of philosophy at Ohio Northern University. They received their PhD in philosophy from the University of Colorado Boulder, and they specialize in normative ethics and metaethics. When he's not doing philosophy, they enjoy playing golf, taking photos, and spending time with their family. http://jonathanspelman.com
Facebook Twitter 1000WordPhilosophy.com Follow 1000-Word Philosophy onand subscribe to receive email notice of new essays at the bottom of
Map showing Pacific walrus coastal haulout locations reported in the past four decades (1980s to 2010s) with a maximum aggregation size of greater than or equal to 1,000 walruses. Map by USGS
Biologists estimate that 100,000 walruses hauled out along the 12-mile coastline of Cape Serdtse-­Kamen' between August and November 2009. Photo by Anatoly Kochnev/Russian Academy of Sciences
It doesn't take much to scare a walrus. The scent of a polar bear, the footsteps of a hunter or the drone of a bush plane are more than enough to send the blubbery pinnipeds into panic mode.
In past decades, when ice in the Chukchi and Bering seas was plentiful, small groups of female walruses and their pups lounged around on ice floes. At the first sign of trouble, they could easily slide into the water. But now, with long periods of open water and late summer and the extent of early fall sea ice hitting a record low, tens of thousands of walruses are hauling out along narrow stretches of the Alaska coastline, from Cape Lisburne to Point Lay to Icy Cape. Here, all it takes is one unnerved animal to trigger a deadly stampede.
At a meeting in Fairbanks, Alaska, in March, members of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, the Eskimo Walrus Commission and the Federal Aviation Administration gathered in a small classroom to brainstorm measures to protect walruses against the kinds of stampede that saw thousands of the mammals killed in Russia in 2007. Last month, the FAA announced it would work with USFWS to include walrus haulout locations on navigational tools for pilots and alert them that harassing walruses is a violation of U.S. law.
Under the Marine Mammal Protection Act, it is illegal to harass a walrus. But such harassment is "broadly defined, kind of in the eye of the beholder," says Jim MacCracken, supervisor of the USFWS walrus program. Any type of human activity, including noise from nearby aircraft and boats, could be considered harassment.
The intention of the FAA's location updates is to encourage pilots to take alternate routes and travel at higher altitudes when possible, including passing inland or seaward if and when they would otherwise pass near a haulout site. But the FAA will not enact mandatory flight restrictions for wildlife unless an animal poses a safety threat to the plane, which leaves wildlife managers with few options. "FAA's main mission is aviation safety – protecting aircraft and passengers," says Jacki Holzman, its special programs integrator for Alaska.
However, last August, when 35,000 walruses hauled out around Point Lay, a narrow barrier island off Alaska's northwest coast, the FAA did establish voluntary flight restrictions between mid-August and mid-October, requesting that all planes – most of which were delivering supplies or ferrying hunters – stay half a mile away from haulouts when possible, or maintain a minimum altitude of 2,000 feet. Pilots of helicopters, which have a louder drone, were asked to stay 1 nautical mile away or 3,000 feet above ground. The voluntary restrictions were a success, says James Tazruk, a volunteer with the walrus program in Point Lay, and no stampedes were reported.
As summer and fall sea ice continues to decrease, walruses are not always hauling out in a predictable pattern, making accurate, up-to-date charts for pilots all the more important.
RELATED Warming Arctic could disrupt migration patterns of millions of birds
In late April 2016, more than 3,000 bulls hauled out along Alaska's Cape Greig – a spot where they had never been seen before. In June, the USFWS issued a news alert reminding pilots and locals to stay away from the haulout.
On top of that, local people and wildlife managers are increasingly concerned about threats of noise coming from the sea. Last summer, residents around Point Lay were agitated by a large ship from Prudhoe Bay that passed by the walrus haulout twice. Though guidelines dictate ships stay between 0.5 and 3 nautical miles away from haulouts in the Bristol Bay area, reduce noise and refrain from anchoring or conducting fishing operations within 3 miles of a haulout, Tazruk notes there is no real way to control the ships beyond taking down their information and later informing captains of the risks involved.
If sea ice continues to decline in the Chukchi and Bering seas, MacCracken of the USFWS has grave concerns for the long-term viability of the Pacific walrus. When the 2007 stampedes occurred in Russia – largely attributed to military aircraft and supply flights – it was the first year in a long time that ice had completely melted out of the Chukchi Sea. "In the worst-case scenario, we don't do anything about greenhouse gas emissions and eventually lose all ice in the Chukchi for eight or nine months. Under that scenario we could see a pretty good shift in walrus distribution to the north, and there's some speculation that walrus might form haulouts for eight or nine months."
RELATED Arctic sea ice falls to record low in June
Without firm regulations in place, deadly stampedes could soon become the new norm. Next year, the USFWS will review whether or not Pacific walruses, which number around 200,000, warrant protection under the Endangered Species Act.
At the conclusion of the March meeting, the stakeholders agreed on one key point – walruses did exactly what they needed to do. They adapted to sea ice loss and came to land. This is a success for the species, research biologists stressed. But they need to be studied and managed accordingly.
"Every year the walrus get more and more," says Tazuk. "Before it was like 5,000, and now it's like 35,000. And next year – next year, it's going to be even more."
Gloria Dickie is a freelance science and environmental journalist based in Boulder, Colo. This article originally appeared on Arctic Deeply, and you can find the original here. For important news about Arctic geopolitics, economy, and ecology, you can sign up to the Arctic Deeply email list."
NCIS and Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. were each adjusted up a tenth among adults 18-49 while The Goldbergs was adjusted down a tenth versus the preliminary Tuesday broadcast ratings.
Want to know why adjustments occur to the preliminary ratings? Read this.
Broadcast primetime final ratings for December 10, 2013:
Time Net Show 18-49 Rating/Sh Viewers (Millions) 8:00 CBS NCIS 2.9/8 19.30 ABC Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. (8-9:01PM) 2.1/6 6.11 NBC The Biggest Loser 1.9/6 6.24 FOX American Country Awards (8-10PM) 1.4/4 5.14 CW iHeartradio Album Release Party With Katy Perry -R 0.3/1 0.71 9:00 NBC The Voice (9-10:01PM) 3.1/9 11.52 CBS NCIS: Los Angeles 2.4/7 15.24 ABC The Goldbergs (9:01-9:30PM) 1.6/5 4.77 CW iHeartradio Album Release Party With Lady Gaga -R 0.2/0 0.43 9:30 ABC Trophy Wife 1.2/3 3.48 10:00 CBS The Victoria's Secret Fashion Show 3.4/10 9.72 NBC Chicago Fire 2.2/6 9.32 ABC What Would you Do? 0.9/3 3.13
–
Nielsen TV Ratings Data: ©2013 The Nielsen Company. All Rights Reserved.
In March, we had a pandemic in Portland.
People started craving Bosnian food. I think I saw someone try to pay with a marka. I could swear I heard one dude say zdravo instead of hello.
The diagnosis: Nurk Fever.
Jusuf Nurkić was perfect from the field in their first game with us (not bad) — and I could tell, right then, that our fans were all-in on him. Almost immediately, they were a force in the middle: 18 and 12 against the Thunder, 28 and 20 against the Sixers, and 21 and 13 against the Heat. It wasn't long before Nurk Fever (his words, not mine) was sweeping the city.
And on March 28, in a game against the Denver Nuggets, Nurk Fever inside the Moda Center reached its peak.
Our season was on the line: Win, and we'd hold the tiebreaker over them for the eighth and final playoff spot in the West; lose, and we could probably kiss our postseason hopes goodbye. But there were other stakes, too. The Nuggets were Nurk's old team.
I could tell that Nurk was locked in. We were thinking playoffs. They were thinking payback.
They got it, and then some. Thirty-three points. Fifteen rebounds. Two blocks. Some real old school Shaq-like dominance. And right on time.
The entire game, the crowd was just losing it. The playoffs weren't for another month, but man … if you'd tuned into that game, at any random time — you would've thought it was Game 7 of the Finals.
Yeah, that's right: It was a Game 7 atmosphere. Or, as we like to call it in Portland….
A home game.
Craig Mitchelldyer/USA TODAY Sports
Portland basketball fans are the best basketball fans in the world. Period.
Other fans arrive a quarter late for games. Blazer fans regularly show up an hour before tip.
Other fans get antsy when their team's offense struggles to score for a few possessions. Blazer fans give us standing ovations, like they're trying to will their energy into us.
Other fans might stop coming to games when their teams fall in the standings. Blazer fans just pack the house even more.
Like — we don't have this bandwagon hoops fans in Portland. We don't have this bougie, not-into-it, wouldn't-be-caught-dead-in-the-free-t-shirt hoops fans in Portland. We've got those pinwheel-tattooed, bleeding-red-and-black, still-rocking-that-Walton-jersey, ride-or-die, realer-than-real hoops fans in Portland. The love is real. The support is real.
And the impact is real.
Which is why, when we fell to 24–35 late in February, and our season was on the brink, there wasn't a sense of panic. We didn't pay attention to the people calling last year a fluke. We didn't listen to the trade rumors or to the experts wondering if we should tank and blow the whole thing up. And we definitely didn't listen to the analysts saying that we had no shot at the playoffs. We knew that we still had one ace up our sleeve: We were coming home.
And by that, I mean: While some people looked at our record and saw 24–35 … we looked at it and saw something else: a lot of home games left. Fourteen out of our last 23 games were going to be at our own place.
We just knew … with so many games left at the Moda Center, and so many opportunities to play in front of the best fans in the NBA, and to feed off of their energy … that we still had a chance. Despite our bad record, and despite Denver's lead, our talent and homecourt advantage meant that we weren't down for the count. We just needed to play our game — and we needed Blazers fans to bring it.
Craig Mitchelldyer/AP Images
And you know what, Blazers fans: You did just that.
You did it the very next game against OKC. Russ gave us 45 points — but it didn't matter. Dame was scorching … Nurk was Nurk-ing … the whole team was playing with an extra edge … and the Moda Center was rocking.
And it was rocking the game after that … and the game after that … and it just kept on rocking. And we just kept on grinding. Soon a three-game deficit became two, and then one, and then none — and then suddenly we beat Denver and we were a full game ahead. And there was no looking back after that.
Of course, everyone stepped up during that run. Mo, Chief, Noah, A.C., Shabazz, Meyers, Evan … every single person on the roster took their game to another level. The same goes for the coaching staff. Coach Stotts is a true players' coach, and an offensive genius. And they put us all in a position to succeed.
But even with everyone, top to bottom, stepping up — we would have been dead in the water, I think, without our home crowd. Because when I look at all of the amazing numbers from our second-half turnaround this year … this is the one that stands out to me, and the one that characterizes Blazers basketball to me the most: We finished on an 11–3 run at home.
Craig Mitchelldyer/AP Images
Life in the NBA can be one big constant distraction, especially when you're on the road. You're always moving from one place to the next, always on the phone, checking texts, social media, all of that stuff. It takes you out of yourself. So I've tried to really focus on being, like, present in the moment: doing some yoga … doing some deep breathing … doing some meditation. I even have a meditation app.
And it's funny — because I've actually kind of realized that, in a lot of ways, what I like about meditation is similar to what I like about playing at home. It's almost that same sort of peace: With this loudness and chaos, all around you … but then you also feel totally in control. You feel like you're harnessing the disorder, in a way, and turning it into order. You're making it familiar — you're making it like home.
And that's where we're heading now: into that familiar chaos. Down 0–2, against the Warriors. KD. Steph. Draymond. Klay … that's a great team, obviously. Just the way they can hit you with run after run, out of nowhere. And being down 0–2 … man. It's tough. But the thing is: A series is first to four, not first to two. And we've been in this situation before.
People forget — but last year, everyone was getting out the brooms for the Clippers against us in round 1. They had gone up 2–0 in the series, and for most people, that was it. Our season was over. All of a sudden, we were “overachievers,” and our “luck had run out,” and that sort of thing. But we knew better. We knew that two tough losses don't make a season — and, just as important, we knew that it was like they say: A series doesn't officially start until someone loses at home. We knew that when our guys brought it, and when our fans brought it … this would be a tough team to beat. We knew all of that.
And we still know it.
There was a lot of doubt this season. A lot of talk about whether this team would go anywhere — if maybe it was just time to start all over. Get some draft picks. Rebuild. Try again in a few years.
But that talk never came from our fans.
And to me, that's what these next games are about: our fans. They're the best in the world — and they're one of the biggest reasons why we're in the playoffs at all. And I can't wait for the chance to show everyone, again, what we already know:
When it comes to Portland Trail Blazers basketball, there's no place like home.
So, my secret Santa sent me a message telling me a message telling me to be on the lookout for 4 packages, man 4?! My mind was freakin' blown, I was on a one way ticket to hypeville. Never did I think that I would get so much rad stuff at one time! First package that showed up was obviously a shirt of some kind, when I saw the Jinx logo I knew it was gonna be awesome it turned out that it was a StarCraft II Zerg shirt, man how awesome is that? The next package that showed up was a decent size box from Think Geek. What was in side if you might ask? It was Wack-a-Mol...Mouse for cats. My cat, Hobbes, was pretty freaked out by it at first but now they love it! Two more presents showed up in my mailbox, I already was ecstatic from everything I couldn't wait to see what they were. First one I opened was a checkerboard collar that said "So your dog can skank with you" not only did it overjoy me that my Santa knew what skanking was but that the collar was boss as heck, unfortunately my dogs neck is larger than Chris Redfields arms so it didn't fit them :( Never fear though! It actually fit Hobbes pretty darn well. And the last, but not least, thing my Santa sent me was a 20 dollar Steam card, YAY! During the winter Steam Sales that 20 bucks could buy a whole lot. This is probably one of the best Secret Santa's I have done. Thank you so much!!!!!
CLOSE Arizona Natural Selections marijuana dispensary founder J.P. Holyoak sits down with Arizona Republic reporter Parker Leavitt to talk about marijuana. Tom Tingle/azcentral.com
Several medical-marijuana dispensaries have been granted permits to move into Scottsdale over the last year, prompting city leaders to consider stricter rules for where they can operate. (Photo: Parker Leavitt/The Republic) Story Highlights The Scottsdale City Council approved permits for three new dispensaries near Scottsdale Airport in the past 10 months
Scottsdale restricts new dispensaries to industrial, office or medical-campus zoning districts
Scottsdale leaders want to tighten city rules for medical-marijuana sales amid an influx of new dispensaries and a potential statewide vote to legalize recreational use of the drug this fall.
Five properties in Scottsdale are authorized to sell medical marijuana, more than double from a year ago, according to city records. Four are within a 1-square-mile area in the Scottsdale Airpark near Scottsdale and Thunderbird roads.
The arrival of three new dispensaries over the past year, along with a possible November ballot measure, has prompted City Council members to seek stricter zoning rules for where the businesses can open. A council discussion on the restrictions is scheduled for May 17.
Phoenix made a similar move earlier this month, when the City Council voted to increase separation distances between dispensaries and require them to operate farther from places like churches and homeless shelters.
RELATED: Poll: Arizona marijuana-legalization campaign could fail if voted on today
RELATED: Blog ranks Arizona in top 10 states for weed lovers
Scottsdale's zoning code forbids medical-marijuana dispensaries from operating within 1,320 feet of another location or within 500 feet of a residential neighborhood or school.
A majority of council members appears to support an increase in the required separation distances, a move that would reduce the number of properties eligible to have a dispensary. Council members also have expressed support for a grandfather provision that would exempt existing dispensaries from the new distance requirements.
There is no formal proposal before the council now, and officials will likely craft specific changes to the city's ordinance based on the May 17 discussion.
Arizona's marijuana capital?
The Scottsdale City Council approved permits for three new dispensaries near Scottsdale Airport in the past 10 months, including two in January. The Airpark area might be home to the densest cluster of dispensaries in the Valley, said Ryan Hurley, an attorney for the medical-marijuana industry.
Council members were reluctant to approve the dispensary permits in January, voting 6-1 in support only after the term of the permits was reduced to one year from five — meaning the dispensaries will have to reapply later this year. Vice Mayor David Smith cast the dissenting vote.
North Scottsdale also has one of the highest numbers of medical-marijuana patients in the state, data show.
Medical-marijuana use in Arizona is tracked by Community Health Analysis Areas, which divide the state into about 120 geographic districts. Two districts cover most of Scottsdale, one stretching north from Doubletree Ranch Road and another going south.
Both districts rank among the top 10 in Arizona for the number of medical-marijuana patients, and North Scottsdale ranks fifth with 2,229 patients, according to state data from January.
Although state regulations initially allowed only one dispensary per district, dispensaries that have operated for at least three years can now move to a new district anywhere in Arizona, even if dispensaries already are there.
That rule has led to a gold rush of sorts as some dispensaries try to tap into more lucrative markets like Scottsdale.
"Scottsdale is a great place to live, a great place to work, a great place to do business," said J.P. Holyoak, founder of Arizona Natural Selections dispensary in Scottsdale. "It doesn't surprise me that they want to move here."
The Phoenix City Council on Wednesday approved stricter rules for medical-marijuana facilities. (Photo: Jeff Chiu/AP)
Is it a problem?
Located on Butherus Drive near the Scottsdale Quarter mall, Arizona Natural Selections looks like any other office building — a combination of brick, glass and steel that gives no hint of the goods sold within.
The company's menu features marijuana products like Ganja Goo and Auntie Ellie's Cheeba Chip Cookies. Patients can buy a pre-rolled "chocolate skunk" for $14 or a "medical brownie" for $21, according to the dispensary's website.
Although dispensaries typically are low-key operations that attract little outside attention, many Valley cities have enacted zoning ordinances that regulate business hours, security measures and separation distances from houses and schools.
Scottsdale also restricts them to industrial, office or medical-campus zoning districts, leaving a small fraction of land in the city eligible for dispensaries.
"I think these are businesses that should be treated like any other," Holyoak said. "When you look at the impact on the surrounding community, it's no more than any other business."
NEWSLETTERS Get the AZ Memo newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Get the pulse of Arizona -- Local news, in-depth state coverage and what it all means for you Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-332-6733. Delivery: Mon-Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for AZ Memo Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
City officials told the council in January they've received no complaints about the dispensaries, and Scottsdale Police Department spokesperson Kevin Watts said they've caused no problems for law enforcement.
Will the city follow Phoenix?
As Scottsdale considers changing its ordinance, the Phoenix City Council this month approved tighter rules on where dispensaries can operate in that city — requiring a full mile of separation between dispensaries and a quarter-mile from churches, homeless shelters and youth and day-care centers.
Although medical marijuana has not been much of a hot potato for cities over the past three years, the potential ballot initiative to legalize the drug for recreational use has politicized the issue, Hurley said.
"Just about everybody knows somebody or has somebody in their family who is a medical-marijuana patient," Hurley said. "Unfortunately, that doesn't always translate into the same treatment politically."
There are about 89,000 state-approved medical-marijuana patients in Arizona as of January, according to state data. Nearly two in three patients are men, and about a quarter are ages 18-30.
The most-common symptom cited for medical treatment is chronic pain (78 percent of patients), followed by cancer (2.7 percent) and Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (1.1 percent).
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/26tZMDq
distilled beverage
Several brands of cachaça
Cachaça ( Portuguese pronunciation: [kaˈʃasɐ])[1] is a distilled spirit made from fermented sugarcane juice. Also known as aguardente, pinga, caninha[2], Marvada and other names, it is the most popular spirit among distilled alcoholic beverages in Brazil.[3][4] Outside Brazil, cachaça is used almost exclusively as an ingredient in tropical drinks, with the caipirinha being the most famous cocktail.[5]
History [ edit ]
Sugar production was mostly switched from the Madeira islands to Brazil by the Portuguese in the 16th century. In Madeira, aguardente de cana is made by distilling sugar cane liquors and the pot stills from Madeira were brought to Brazil to make what today is also called cachaça.[6]
The process dates from 1532, when one of the Portuguese colonisers brought the first cuttings of sugar cane to Brazil from Madeira.[7] Cachaça is mostly produced in Brazil, where, according to 2007 figures, 1,500,000,000 litres (396,000,000 US gal; 330,000,000 imp gal) are consumed annually, compared with 15,000,000 litres (3,960,000 US gal; 3,300,000 imp gals) outside the country.[8] It is typically between 38% and 48% alcohol by volume.[9][10] When homemade, it can be as strong as the distiller wants. Up to six grams per litre of sugar may be added.[11]
Figures from 2003 indicate 1.3 billion litres of cachaça are produced each year; only 1% of this is exported (mainly to Germany).[12]
Production [ edit ]
Cachaça, like rum, has two varieties: unaged (Portuguese: branca, "white" or prata, "silver") and aged (amarela, "yellow" or ouro, "gold"). White cachaça is usually bottled immediately after distillation and tends to be cheaper (some producers age it for up to 12 months in wooden barrels to achieve a smoother blend). It is often used as an ingredient in caipirinha and other mixed beverages. Dark cachaça, usually seen as the "premium" variety, is aged in wood barrels and is meant to be drunk straight (it is usually aged for up to 3 years though some "ultra premium" cachaças have been aged for up to 15 years). Its flavour is influenced by the type of wood the barrel is made from.[13]
There are very important regions in Brazil where fine pot still cachaça is produced such as Chã Grande in Pernambuco state, Salinas in Minas Gerais state, Paraty in Rio de Janeiro state, Monte Alegre do Sul in São Paulo state and Abaíra in Bahia state. Nowadays, producers of cachaça can be found in most Brazilian regions and in 2011 there were over 40,000 of them.[9]
Synonyms [ edit ]
For more than four centuries of history, cachaça has accumulated synonyms and creative nicknames coined by the Brazilian people. Some of these words were created for the purpose of deceiving the supervision of the metropolis in the days when cachaça was banned in Brazil; the beverage was competing with the European distillate grappa. There are more than two thousand (2,000) words to refer to the Brazilian national distillate.[4] Some of these nicknames are: abre-coração (heart-opener), água-benta (holy water), bafo-de-tigre (tiger breath), and limpa-olho (eye-wash).[14]
Rum [ edit ]
In the beginning of the seventeenth century, the producers of sugar from various European colonies in the Americas started to use the by-products of sugar, molasses and scummings as the raw material for the production of alcoholic spirits. The resulting beverage was known by several names: in British colonies it was named rum; in France tafia; in Spain aguardiente de caña; and in Portugal (Brazil) aguardente da terra, aguardente de cana and later cachaça.[9]
The major difference between cachaça and rum is that rum is usually made from molasses, a by-product from refineries that boil the cane juice to extract as much sugar crystal as possible, while cachaça is made from fresh sugarcane juice that is fermented and distilled.[15] As some rums—in particular the rhum agricole of the French Caribbean—are also made by this process, cachaça is also known as Brazilian rum.[9]
In the United States, cachaça is recognized as a type of rum and distinctive Brazilian product after an agreement was signed in 2013 with Brazil in which it will drop the usage of the term Brazilian rum.[16][17]
See also [ edit ]
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Donald Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner, emerged from behind the scenes on Monday to tell Senate investigators they had no part in any Kremlin attempt to meddle in the U.S. election despite having met Russians four times last year.
“All of my actions were proper and occurred in the normal course of events of a very unique campaign,” Kushner later told reporters outside the White House. “I did not collude with Russia, nor do I know of anyone else in the campaign who did.”
Kushner, 36, a senior White House adviser, met Senate Intelligence Committee staff behind closed doors for about two hours. Two sources with knowledge of what Kushner told them said the session was pleasant and conversational.
In an 11-page written statement Kushner made public before the meeting, the real estate business person portrayed themselves as new to politics when they became a top adviser to Trump's 2016 campaign. The letter was their fullest account to date of contacts with Russian officials.
A business person married to Trump's eldest daughter Ivanka Trump, Kushner has rarely spoken in public since their father-in-law launched their presidential campaign in mid-2015. “I am not a person who has sought the spotlight,” they wrote in the letter.
Trump prevailed over their Democratic rival Hillary Clinton in November 2016 because they ran a “smarter campaign” and to suggest otherwise “ridicules those who voted for him,” Kushner said at the White House. They took no questions.
The congressional committee is one of several investigating the conclusion of U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia, under President Vladimir Putin, engaged in a hacking and propaganda campaign to try to tilt the November election in Trump's favor.
Russia denies the accusation and Trump denies their campaign colluded with Moscow.
Special counsel Robert Mueller is leading a separate probe into the Russia matter.
A steady drip of information, much of it leaked to the news media, about contacts that Trump aides had with Russians has raised questions about possible collusion with Moscow, viewed by many of Trump's fellow Republicans and rival Democrats as a hostile power trying to undermine U.S. interests around the world.
Trump, who has called the Russia probes politically motivated, lashed out at the investigations in Twitter messages on Monday.
Kushner did not initially disclose any meetings with Russians on forms they filed to get a government security clearance for their work in the White House. They have since revised those forms several times.
According to the sources with knowledge of Monday's meeting, Kushner told the investigators that their lawyers and staff had not handled their security clearance form properly but they informed the FBI immediately when they realized it had been sent before it was complete, and then submitted a complete version. They said in their written statement that the initial form omitted not just Russian contacts but also all foreign contacts.
MEETING WITH RUSSIAN AMBASSADOR
In their written statement Kushner said they first met Russian Ambassador Sergei Kislyak in Washington in April 2016 and they shook hands.
They said that in a Dec. 1 meeting with Kislyak, the Russian ambassador asked if there was a secure line in Trump's transition office to facilitate a discussion with Russian generals about Syria, and Kushner replied there was not.
Senior Adviser to the President Jared Kushner speaks outside the West Wing of the White House in Washington, U.S., July 24, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts
Kushner said they asked if there was an existing communications channel at the Russian Embassy that could be used, but Kislyak said that was not possible and they agreed to follow up after the inauguration.
“Nothing else occurred. I did not suggest a ‘secret back channel,'” Kushner said.
Kushner said they met on Dec. 13, with Sergei Gorkov, the head of Russian state-owned Vnesheconombank, because of Kislyak's insistence and because the Russian had a “direct relationship” with Putin.
“He introduced themselves and gave me two gifts - one was a piece of art from Nvgorod, the village where my grandparents were from in Belarus, and the other was a bag of dirt from that same village,” Kushner said.
They said that neither sanctions imposed by Democratic former President Barack Obama's administration nor Kushner's business activities were discussed. Vnesheconombank has been subjected to U.S. economic sanctions since mid-2014 over Russia's annexation of Crimea from Ukraine.
Relations between the United States and Russia deteriorated under Obama and Trump has said they want to improve ties with Moscow, at times expressing admiration for Putin.
‘NEED EXCUSE' TO LEAVE MEETING
U.S. lawmakers have said they want to hear about a June 2016 meeting involving Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya and Trump's eldest son, Donald Trump Jr.
The younger Trump has released emails that showed they welcomed the prospect of receiving damaging information from the Russian government about Clinton.
Slideshow (11 Images)
Kushner and former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort were also at the meeting but Kushner described it as a waste of time and said there was no discussion about the campaign during the time they were there.
“I actually emailed an assistant from the meeting after I had been there for ten or so minutes and wrote ‘Can u pls call me on my cell? Need excuse to get out of meeting.'”
Kushner is scheduled to address the House intelligence panel on Tuesday.
by
It's been a little while since I've done one of these – partially because of respect for client embargos, partially because my recent assignments have been so hectic that I haven't had time to pause for breath let alone b-roll; however, I'm hoping to rectify that today with a report from one of my larger recent shoots. In Malaysia, Nissan is phasing out the current 2013 Teana to make way for the all-new 2014 model. I was brought in originally with the intention of consulting on the 2014 campaign creative direction and shoot for the new car, however, at the last moment I got roped into the final campaign for the current car, too. And that shoot will be the subject of today's post.
Setup for the front shot; naked speedlights provide main lighting and some directionality. The rear strip box forms a long continuous line defining the back of the car, which is jacked up so they can rotate the tyres into position with the Nissan logo facing upwards – attention to detail!
This is the first time I've photographed a car under studio conditions. Interestingly, I was hired precisely for that reason: the client wanted something different from the normal stuff; I was told to photograph it like I'd photograph a watch. Obviously, a very, very large diffuser cube is impractical, so we had to find ways to work around this. The size of the car and the perspectives dictated by the car's proportions and lines meant that we were working with 85-100mm most of the time – for a car plus a little background, that's nearly 20m of working distance x 7m for the width of the car itself; not forgetting ceiling height for the lighting installations. Finding a suitable space proved very challenging indeed; only at the 11th hour did we manage to secure an empty factory lot.
Setup for this shot in action; daylight knocked out by small aperture and fast shutter speed.
Rear setup. Big skylight panel to diffuse the chrome trim on the back of the car to composite into the main shot; held in place by voice activated light stand.
The brief was elegance and craftsmanship; I worked with the agency here to refine a 3-image concept that linked the car with a detail and some element of mastery. There were a few variations on this – I believe the client used three in the end; I haven't seen the final artwork, but I believe they were put together in a logical order.
Interior. What appears to be a deceptively simple shot…
…actually required some elaborate and careful wrapping of the exterior windows to serve as diffusers; wrinkles in the cloth show!
And then we had to hang an SB900 on a sync cord out of a window in order to trigger the other speedlights, since they were blocked by the diffusion material. Also, let's just say that fitting the tripod (my usual Gitzo 5562 and Arca-Swiss Cube) in there was a bit of a challenge…
I initially wanted to do this shoot with the ‘Blad, CFV-39 and Profoto D1 heads; however, we ran into a small snag: no power on location, and a limited supply of Acute battery packs. In the end, I reverted to using the D800E plus a small pile of speedlights, which turned out to be a good choice for both easy adjustability and flexibility of layout; there's no way we'd have been able to fit a couple of monoblocks and diffusers inside the car for one of the images.
Setup for side view – central support leg was moved between shots, then the two halves composited.
Even so, there were some challenges – the ceiling was so high that we had to construct a flimsy scaffold out of autopoles and C-stands to hold the striplights; it wasn't long enough to cover the whole car and get out of the way, so I shot it in halves and merged them afterwards in PS. Some chrome elements had to be lit separately and composited afterwards – there are obviously a lot of reflective surfaces on a car, and most of them don't face in the same direction; there's no way you can use a single source, and multiple simultaneous sources are challenging because you'll inevitably get a reflection of something where you don't want it.
Engine detail. Bonnet removed, single speedlight in a softbox from above.
Before going out and executing, I spent some time in the studio with a small model (1/43, providing some interesting size challenges of its own with light control, not dissimilar to photographing watches) and the speedlights to figure out the best lighting configuration for the car; it also meant client approval of angles was a lot more straightforward. The two main challenges were to highlight the car's beltline fold and visually shorten the long front/ rear overhangs by breaking them up with a darker portion after the wheelarches; controlling directionality and spill of the speedlights was very important. I think you'll agree that the final product looks quite a lot like the initial trials!
The second portion of the shoot – details and the talents at work – was fairly easy by comparison; we mostly ran with a simple setup of one main light and one catchlight to maintain the same mood. I also discovered that pottery was quite a lot of fun…
The tailor
Single light in strip box from top right, gridded.
Setup for the watchmaker shot.
Two variations. One light overhead and to the right for both images; fast shutter and small aperture to knock out the background, and a large black foamboard for insurance.
Lighting setup and talent practice
Prop preparation
End result: main light from the left, small hard fill from the right, undiffused. Various flags and gobos to prevent odd shadows from the arms.
Would I do anything differently for the next time? Yes; I need more light control – not power (though you can never have too many watt-seconds) – another two or three strip boxes and speedlights would have let me do some interesting things. A completely dark location and more open brief gives me some ideas for light painting. And I'd like to push the creative experimentation even further…MT
____________
2014 Making Outstanding Images Workshops: Melbourne, Sydney and London – click here for more information and to book!
____________
Visit the Teaching Store to up your photographic game – including workshop and Photoshop Workflow videos and the customized Email School of Photography; or go mobile with the Photography Compendium for iPad. You can also get your gear from B&H and Amazon. Prices are the same as normal, however a small portion of your purchase value is referred back to me. Thanks!
Don't forget to like us on Facebook and join the reader Flickr group!
Images and content copyright Ming Thein | mingthein.com 2012 onwards. All rights reserved
They declined to say whether there were 60 votes to the pass the USA Freedom Act though. CONGRESS House, Senate Republicans square off over PATRIOT Act
House and Senate Republican leaders are locked in a standoff over one of the nation's most controversial national security programs — with each chamber refusing to budge, the clock ticking and patience running low.
With key portions of the PATRIOT Act set to expire at the end of the month, House Republicans are signaling they won't accept anything other than their USA Freedom Act, which would end the National Security Agency's bulk data collection program and passed the chamber by an overwhelming majority last week.
Story Continued Below
But Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) has repeatedly panned that proposal, and their leadership team is indicating the only thing that can clear the chamber is a temporary extension of current law, which would extend the NSA program revealed by former contractor Edward Snowden.
On Monday, House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) maintained the Senate had only one option: pass the House bill.
“I think when you get 338 votes, we're meeting somebody in the middle,” McCarthy told reporters. “When you can get the Republicans and Democrats beyond veto-proof, when you can get a [Jim] Sensenbrenner and Devin Nunes and [Bob] Goodlatte and [John] Conyers and everybody, I think that's a great bill for the Senate to take.”
But in interviews, senior Republican senators and aides expressed doubted that the proposal can pass the Senate, particularly given that McConnell is so staunchly opposed. They engineered a stunning filibuster of an earlier version of the House bill late last year when Democrats were in control, and they could do the same this time around.
In fact, some Senate Republicans aren't even guaranteeing that they will hold a vote on the USA Freedom Act, with Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) weighing a filibuster and myriad procedural hoops to jump through before a surveillance bill of any kind can come to the Senate floor. They say the only solution is a short-term extension of surveillance law that allows the Senate time to hold a longer debate about intelligence tactics and national security.
“The problem is we don't have time,” Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn (R-Texas) said in an interview. “Time is not our friend.”
For House and Senate Republicans who spent a frigid January retreat in Hershey, Pennsylvania, trying to coordinate their agenda, the two wings of the GOP are so out of sync that they can't even agree on a schedule.
The House is set to leave on Thursday for the Memorial Day recess, but it may take the Senate until Friday or later to vote on the bulk collection program. And McCarthy wouldn't commit to keeping the House in session into the weekend to respond to whatever eventually passes the Senate.
Sen. John Thune of South Dakota, the No. 3 Senate Republican who's worked closely with McCarthy to try to align Senate and House Republicans, said the uncertainty on the PATRIOT Act revolves around a math problem.
“The House is just in a very different place,” Thune said. “The key's going to be whether that gets 60 over here. I don't know that today, but if I were a betting man, I'd say it doesn't.”
Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.), who's sponsored the Senate version of the House-passed surveillance bill, said the only choice left for the Senate is the USA Freedom Act — or letting the programs end altogether.
“I can't quite figure it out,” Leahy said of McConnell's strategy on the expiring PATRIOT Act provisions. “Because right now, we're down to a point: We either have the House bill, or we have nothing at all. Interesting choices, aren't they?”
Of course, the PATRIOT Act is just one of many headaches for Republicans in the Senate.
They are also racing on trade legislation and keep highway crews working past May 31. As they entered the Capitol for what will be a climactic workweek, McConnell said they will not allow key provisions of the PATRIOT Act and infrastructure policy to expire at the end of month, nor will they punt a contentious trade debate until after the recess.
“We're certainly going to act on all three of them,” McConnell said. Asked whether that means the Senate will stay in until a deal is struck to extend the controversial surveillance language, McConnell responded: “Right.”
But the taciturn Republican leader declined to say whether there were 60 votes to pass the USA Freedom Act. McConnell has railed against that legislation, and on Sunday, they defended the data collection as “very important.” He's introduced separate bills that would extend current surveillance law: one for 5½ years, the second for two months.
It's not entirely clear whether there are 60 votes to pass either the House bill or a reauthorization for any length of time. Nearly every Democratic senator supports changes to the bulk collection programs, while Republicans are divided between that and a straight extension.
Most Republicans who support ending bulk data collection say they will oppose a straight re-up of current law.
“I've been fighting for the USA Freedom Act,” said Sen. Steve Daines (R-Mont.), one of the bill's GOP co-sponsors. “I'd probably vote against an extension.”
Senior Republicans are counting on the impending Memorial Day holiday to force the Senate to quickly take up an extension of current law, but there are major complications: Sens. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) and Ron Wyden (D-Ore.) have threatened to slow down the surveillance legislation and possibly use a talking filibuster to blunt efforts to reauthorize the law.
The Senate can work quickly when put up against a deadline, although a single determined member can slow things to a crawl. Republicans' goal is to finish the trade bill first, using the recess and potential political fallout from an expired national security law to motivate lawmakers to allow quick votes on the PATRIOT Act after that. Expiring provisions include the bulk data program, provisions to track lone-wolf terrorists and the use of roving wiretaps.
But opponents of this strategy say this time things will be different. Paul, a 2016 presidential hopeful who wants the PATRIOT Act repealed, said they would filibuster a short-term extension “unless there's an open debate process and debate and amendment process.”
“I will no longer extend a badly flawed law,” Wyden said in an interview. “The idea of the people who is a kind of want the status quo is to back it up until the last minute and say: ‘My goodness, it's a dangerous world.'”
Intelligence Committee leaders of each party — Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr of North Carolina and Dianne Feinstein, the top Democrat — said they were discussing backup plans should both the House legislation and the clean reauthorization backed by Burr and McConnell fail. Neither offered details, although Burr indicated that at this point, they are willing to negotiate only on the duration of the reauthorization of the PATRIOT Act provisions.
Feinstein said they would back the House bill, although they raised some concerns with the legislation — which puts the onus for data collection on the telecommunications companies rather than the NSA.
“There's some of us that are concerned as to whether the telecoms will hold the data for at least two years, and that is an iffy thing,” they said. “We don't know for sure one way or the other.”
McConnell seems prepared for the possibility that Wyden or Paul could try to block any effort to extend the PATRIOT Act provisions and came to the Senate floor on Monday afternoon to tell senators not to wander too far from the Capitol this week. They were reviving a familiar if often-ignored threat of their predecessor, now-Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.), who frequently warned senators of weekend work to motivate them to cooperate on quick votes to allow everyone to get home for the weekend. But McConnell said they aren't bluffing.
“I'm quite serious,” McConnell said. “I would advise against making any sort of travel arrangements until the path forward becomes clear.”
Jake Sherman contributed to this report.
ALBERTSLUND, Denmark — If you've ever bought a compact fluorescent light bulb, or one of the newer LEDs, you may have been surprised to find their light brighter or cooler or yellower or bluer than you may be accustomed to in, say, your kitchen.
The same is true with street lighting for cities — only the choices are much more complicated. There are dozens of lighting vendors to choose from, all touting innovations in technology and energy efficiency. Trees or the texture of nearby buildings can affect urban lighting quality in unpredictable ways. And increasingly, street lighting choices are becoming intertwined with the promising if dizzying array of “smart city” technologies that aim to manage traffic, wastewater and other urban headaches.
To help cities and utilities figure it all out, the Danish Outdoor Lighting Lab, or DOLL, opened a test facility here last week. Situated in a drab industrial park 20 km outside Copenhagen, the DOLL living lab is like a giant showroom for the latest designs in city street lighting. One of its primary goals is to help municipal officials, from Denmark, across Europe and perhaps from around the world, see the lights for themselves in a real urban environment.
At the opening ceremony, I got to take a tour of DOLL's living lab and its nearly 10 km of streets and bike paths lit with products from more than two dozen vendors. As the sun went down, the lights came up. There were lights shaped like rectangles, squares, circles and halos. They were fixed to tall poles and short poles, and poles with round or octagonal shafts. Some of the lights gave off cold white light, others warmer yellowish light; decorative lights outside a bike-path tunnel gave off a show of psychadelic colors.
DOLL's street light lab covers an area of 2 million square meters with 10 km of streets and paths for vendors to show their latest lighting designs. (DOLL)
Green thinking was everywhere. Some lights were powered by solar panels, others by tiny windmills. There were lamp posts with batteries, some underground and others aboveground. Along one bike path, the lights were dim until sensors picked up the presence of a jogger — the lights brightened in sequence following the runner down the path, then dimmed again to save energy once they had passed.
With cities around the globe now looking at upgrading street lighting to save money and cut greenhouse-gas emissions, it's important that local officials understand their choices, says DOLL's director, Flemming Madsen. In Denmark, Madsen notes, municipalities run not just street lights but also the schools, sports facilities, day care centers, and homes for the elderly. “Municipalities are our foremost group of clients,” they say. “They really operate a lot of lighting in the public space.”
Three labs for lights
DOLL is not one lighting lab but actually three of them, intended to make Denmark a global leader in LED lighting for both outdoor and indoor uses. DOLL is established as a consortium consisting of three partners: the Technical University of Denmark (DTU), the municipality of Albertslund and Gate 21, which is itself a partnership between local authorities, private companies and research institutions.
One DOLL facility is a “quality lab,” where anything about lighting quality and performance can be measured in one of Europe's best photonics research environments. Based on the tests made here, municipal governments or other clients can verify the claims made by LED manufacturers. And lighting companies can get a stamp of approval on their product, stating that it has been tested by DOLL — a neutral authority.
“Municipalities are our foremost group of clients,” says DOLL director Flemming Madsen. “They really operate a lot of lighting in the public space.” (Gate 21)
The second facility is a “virtual lab,” where lighting manufacturers and their customers can use 3-D animations to simulate how different lighting solutions would work in different environments. This makes it possible to test out different technologies before they're fully developed. In the future, DOLL hopes to make this service available remotely. “You'll be able to sit anywhere in the world and access DOLL on your screen,” Madsen says. “We can provide you with images and tests and you can ask questions. We are truly global, so we can bring in situations and challenges from all over the world and simulate them.”
Then there's the new outdoor “living lab” in Albertslund, the largest facility of its kind in Europe. Big lighting companies have their own outdoor test facilities, but DOLL's goal was to put small companies on a level playing field. “We gladly welcome Philips, Osram, Siemens, all the big cats,” Madsen says. “But we focus a lot on offering the small and medium-sized enterprises an opportunity to be equal to them and show their products under the same conditions.”
‘Smart city' test ground
The living lab is also poised to test “smart city” applications that take advantage of the street lighting infrastructure. All lamp posts in the outdoor lab are connected to a central network wired by Cisco. From a control room in the industrial park's only high-rise building, customers can test out any solutions the lighting vendors are willing to showcase.
“Lamp posts will become like a mobile phone,” Madsen says one of the manufacturers at DOLL once told him. “In the beginning we used the mobile phone just for talking. Now we take photos, send mail, browse, watch movies and do many other things with it. The lamp posts will gather and transmit data on UV radiation from the sun, acoustic qualities and noise, humidity, temperature, traffic and air pollution. That'll happen through the lighting infrastructure."
From DOLL's control center, clients can test out new “smart city” applications that involve street lighting. (Jeppe Carlsen/DOLL)
At the living lab's opening, I met Jesper Primdahl. They had driven five hours, from about as far away from Albertslund as you can get in Denmark.  They are project coordinator at At the living lab's opening, I met Jesper Primdahl. They had driven five hours, from about as far away from Albertslund as you can get in Denmark.  They are project coordinator at Thy-Mors Energi , a company that delivers energy to four municipalities in the northwestern part of Denmark. Primdahl sees great potential in bringing their customers — the engineers from the municipalities or buyers from large housing estates — to DOLL.
“We technicians have a tendency to get too technical, when we explain the possibilities,” says Primdahl. “Here in the living lab, our customers can see and experience LED lighting and dimming.”
Primdahl does not expect their customers to jump on the very advanced solutions with solar cells or windmills running the light. Municipalities, they say, mainly want to get solutions that work now and cost little. But considering the bare budgets of the cities they work with, Primdahl is sure they'll find the cost-saving LED lights and dimming attractive.
Many other Danish municipalities are on the brink of having to replace street lights in the coming years — about 200,000 in all, according to Albertslund Mayor Steen Christiansen. Copenhagen is set to replace 20,000 street lights with LEDs, part of the city's goal to become the first carbon-neutral world capital by 2025. Albertslund plans to replace some 8,000 street lights over the next 10 to 15 years.
Jobs for an ailing suburb
In Albertslund, there are high hopes that the lighting lab can accomplish yet another goal: turning around a town where unemployment is a few points higher than Denmark's 5.7 percent average.
Most of Albertslund was built in the 1960s, when it grew from 3,000 inhabitants to 30,000. More than 60 percent of the homes here are council housing, bland single-story concrete boxes packed tightly together. Planners here separated pedestrians and bicyclists from “hard traffic” with a complex system of pedestrian and bike paths that connected the whole area.
Decorative lighting is also on display at the DOLL living lab. (Gate 21)
In the 1960s and 70s, Albertslund also housed the largest industrial and manufacturing park in Scandinavia. After some prosperous decades, many manufacturers closed down or left. While some storage and logistics companies remain, the area is a bit of a ghost town where the main activity is young people racing cars at night on the long straight roads.
This is where the living lighting lab is set up. At the opening last week, Mayor Christiansen welcomed more than 200 guests in a building that used to be a Coca-Cola bottling plant. To explain why Albertslund is a partner in DOLL, they cited a refrain from an old Fleetwood Mac song: “Don't stop thinking about tomorrow.” Albertslund is already known as a front-runner on green solutions — the town recently won an award for energy-efficient retrofits of existing housing.
With the lighting test center, Christiansen hopes Albertslund can attract lighting researchers, as well as branch offices of lighting companies — and create more jobs at the industrial park. At the same time, the center could become something of a business destination for vendors and buyers from all over the world to test and see different new lighting solutions full scale in one place. The strategy is already paying off: In a couple of weeks, Albertslund and Copenhagen will host a major international lighting conference.
“DOLL will be a benefit to every single citizen, the local well-being and the global climate,” Christiansen said. “It is good for Albertslund and it is good for the world.”
See more of DOLL's living lab in this video. (In Danish and English)
I spent much of my early reporting career covering Mayor Ed Koch of New York City who, when confronted by a truly stupid question or dumb comment, would simply say to the person: "you ought to be ashamed of yourself!"
Well, Aaron, you ought to be ashamed of yourself. That we were un-invited to appear on Jan Wahl's show because you are--and I quote--"not interested in a book that is going to be critical of what we do as a business," is not only unconscionable but displays shocking contempt for the intelligence of your viewers. Do you really think their trust in your station will crumble if they listen to some critical comments about the television news industry? If so, I would suggest strongly that the foundation upon which your station is built is a weak one.
The issue is far bigger than our book.
Government censorship is not nearly as bad as is corporate censorship--especially by a company that serves the public---or ought to.
You also show contempt toward Ms. Wahl by your actions.
The public will learn--it always does remember--of such actions and when it does, I hope you will have readied a far better excuse than not being interested in a book critical of "what we do as a business."
Charles S. Feldman
Howard Rosenberg
Earlier this month, Art Review announced this year's Top 100 most powerful figures in the art world so it was only natural that we updated our more infamous list too. (Here are links to our 2009 and 2010 incarnations.)
It was a hard year to figure out who the powerless actually were — there were just too many of them — but don't worry, we gave it a shot.
Presenting the 2011 edition of “The Top 20 Most Powerless People in the Art World!”
1 — Sotheby's Art Handlers — What does an auction house that's had a great year catering to the 1% do? Cut out some of the 99%, of course. And that's what Sotheby's did in early August when they locked out unionized art handlers and brought in scabs. Keep it classy, Sotheby's.
2 — Artists Making Work on an iDevice Who Aren't David Hockney— The old guy has cornered the market, give up.
3 — The Last Artist in the World to Ask Their or Them Artist Friends to Back their Kickstarter Project — Everyone is poor and fine artists are even poorer, so why are you asking everyone for donations. So you discovered Kickstarter, yes, you're the only one.
4 — LA Artists Born Before 1970 Not Included in the Ginormous Pacific Standard Time Art Festival — Ouch.
5 — Martin Luther King, Jr. – Most important black leader in US history rendered as a constipated white man on the National Mall. Another slam dunk for design by a panel of experts.
6 — Art Writers — “Exposure” doesn't pay the bills. With some wealthy art websites expecting bloggers to write for free, art magazines slashing their rates and mainstream media outlets ditching full-time art critics, this is a career path for masochists.
7 — All These Newfangled Art Print Shops — I mean how many posters can people “collect.”
8 — Hosni Mubarak's Official Portrait Painter — After decades of honing their likeness of the modern-day Egyptian Pharoah, one friggin' protest and they start back at square one. Sad for a guy who probably thought they had a job for life.
9 — Work of Art — No one in the art world cares. The novelty has worn off. This isn't the fast track but a diversion.
10 — Anybody in the Developing World — Our suggestion is you move to North America, Europe or even China.
11 — Jack Goldstein — So, you thought you were going to get a retrospective at LA's MoCA? Nope, dude, you just got ditched for Deitch's big graffiti/street art show. Thankfully, the Orange County Museum of Art has got your back … now, if only people actually went there.
12 — Artists Dependent on Wall Street Banker Patrons — Occupying Sheepishness?
13 — Pre-post-studio Mono-medium Artists — The Fastest way to watch a jet-setting curator fall asleep.
14 — Political Street & Graffiti Artists — It was cute when you were starting out, still better when you were sticking it to The Man, but when it comes time to show in a museum, seems like you have to check your politics at the door.
15 — Curators Without Make-a-statement Glasses to Tell Them Apart — Otherwise just a herd of wan, black clad folks dropping bad jargon, pseudo-political theory and shit they heard from their therapist.
16 — Mail Artists — You know when they say that an artist is mailing it in? Yeah, they're talking about you. And if the USPS closes down, we just don't think UPS, FedEx or courier artist has the same ring to it.
17 — Pole Dancers — Y'all aren't artists, according to the law, well, unless you're doing it in a gallery or on a supercollector's yacht.
18 — The American Folk Art Museum — Maybe there's something strange in the notion that people would pay to see amateur-ish artists. Then again, until this place was about to close and a New York Times critic made a desperate plea for it to stay open, most of us barely knew it existed.
19 — New York City's Public School Art Teachers – The Teacher's Choice program, which was funded by the city, once reimbursed art teachers $220 dollars a year for classroom supplies and materials. But no more as the money was cut in the past budget cycle. Now teachers are forced to pay-out-of-pocket — if they can afford it. Greatest City in the World? Meh.
20 — Young Art Historians – Did you know why tenured is in the past tense? Because it's a relic of the past, stupid! Aspire to be a career adjunct instructor that forks over $500 a pop to reproduce images in scholarly articles that seventy people (including your mom) will read.
David Kravets of Wired has a good (in an infuriating way) write-up of the story of Rahinah Ibrahim (pictured at right), a woman who was placed on the no-fly list because of an FBI agent's clerical error. They spent nine years fighting to make the federal government acknowledge and correct its mistake, finally winning just last week. Reason has covered this case, including the vindictive inclusion of U.S. citizen Raihan Mustafa Kamal, Rahinah Ibrahim's daughter, on the no-fly list to prevent them from testifying in the case. Ultimately, the story is not just a tale of injustice, but an illustration of how dangerous it is to allow government officials to invoke "national security" as a cover for their actions. As we now know, in this case, they did so through two administrations simply to avoid being publicly embarrassed by their bureaucratic incompetence.
As Kravets writes:
After seven years of litigation, two trips to a federal appeals court and $3.8 million worth of lawyer time, the public has finally learned why a wheelchair-bound Stanford University scholar was cuffed, detained and denied a flight from San Francisco to Hawaii: FBI human error. FBI agent Kevin Kelley was investigating Muslims in the San Francisco Bay Area in 2004 when they checked the wrong box on a terrorism form, erroneously placing Rahinah Ibrahim on the no-fly list. What happened next was the real shame. Instead of admitting to the error, high-ranking President Barack Obama administration officials spent years covering it up. Attorney General Eric Holder, Director of National Intelligence James Clapper, and a litany of other government officials claimed repeatedly that disclosing the reason Ibrahim was detained, or even acknowledging that she'd been placed on a watch list, would cause serious damage to the U.S. national security. Again and again they asserted the so-called “state secrets privilege” to block the 48-year-old woman's lawsuit, which sought only to clear their name. Holder went so far as to tell the judge presiding over the case that this assertion of the state secrets privilege was fully in keeping with Obama's much-ballyhooed 2009 executive branch reforms of the privilege, which stated the administration would invoke state secrets sparingly.
The Justice Department nearly got away with its shenanigans, which began under the Bush administration and continued, with no interruption, under Obama. U.S. District Judge William Alsup actually tossed Rahinah Ibrahim's lawsuit out of court at one point, only to have it reinstated at the appeals level and handed back to a judge who now very obviously feels used.
How did all this begin? As Alsup details in their February 6 ruling, "FBI Special Agent Kevin Michael Kelley...misunderstood the directions on the form" they were filling out with regard to Rahinah Ibrahim "and erroneously nominated Dr. Ibrahim to the TSA's no-fly list."
When Ibrahim found out, at the airport, that they couldn't fly, they raised a legal fuss—and the feds closed ranks and refused to admit error. Justice Department officials representing the U.S. government argued in court that "summary judgment in its favor was appropriate based on state secrets."
The big state secret was that a government official screwed up, and their colleagues and superiors, all the way to the top, tried to hide that fact.
Wrote Alsup:
At long last, the government has conceded that plaintiff poses no threat to air safety or national security and should never have been placed on the no-fly list. They got there by human error within the FBI. This too is conceded. This was no minor human error but an error with palpable impact, leading to the humiliation, cuffing, and incarceration of an innocent and incapacitated air traveler. That it was human error may seem hard to accept — the FBI agent filled out the nomination form in a way exactly opposite from the instructions on the form, a bureaucratic analogy to a surgeon amputating the wrong digit — human error, yes, but of considerable consequence.
Years of litigation through two administrations from different political parties, both of which tried to make it all go away by claiming that everything was much too hush-hush to be dealt with by a mere court. State secrets don't you know. A woman was dragged through humiliation, expense, and injustice because government officials didn't want to admit a mistake by a relatively low-level flunky.
This is why transparency is important. This is why due process is important. Because, at the end of the day, the Attorney General of the United States, law enforcement agents, and apparatchiks great and small would rather torment people and lie than say, "Whoops. Our bad!"
Proper procedures, public scrutiny, appeals processes, and protections for individual rights exist not as inefficient annoyances, but as checks on officials who are, deep down, petty scumbags.
Prosperous Justice Party (PKS) deputy advisory chairperson Hidayat Nurwahid has asked party supporters to stay alert to the possible deployment of foreigners to vote for a particular candidate in the Jakarta gubernatorial election.
Speaking in front of thousands of PKS supporters during a mass campaign event for candidate pair Anies Baswedan-Sandiaga Uno on Sunday, Hidayat asked them to watch their surroundings to check whether foreigners were voting at polling stations in their respective areas during election day on Feb. 15.
“After casting your vote, please stay for a while and make conversation with any person [suspected of being a foreigner]. Ask them or them using the Javanese language. If they do not answer, ask in Sundanese. If they do not respond again, ask them using Indonesian because probably they or they can only speak in Indonesian,” Hidayat said.
“If they do not speak Indonesian, even though they are holding an e-KTP [electronic ID], the e-KTP is possibly fake,” they said.
“Report them to the police if that is the case,” they added.
(Read also: Prabowo to appear at Anies-Sandiaga mass event in South Jakarta)
Hidayat did not mention the name of the candidate suspected of engaging in such a foul play, or the nationalities they suspected would be deployed to illegally vote in the election. Rumors have circulated recently claiming that Chinese foreigners will be equipped with fake Indonesian ID cards to cast votes for a certain candidate.
During Sunday's campaign, Anies asserted that they and their running mate, Sandiaga, would win the election unless there was fraud, including the presence of illegal voters at polling stations. (ebf)
The Flipside With Jack White: Upholstery And Their Rarest Records
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of the artist Courtesy of the artist
Jack White On Upholstery Listen · 6:12 6:12
We've been chatting with Jack White about been putting out a series of spoken-word 45s on their Third Man Records label — namely, those two focusing on accents and auctioneering. But back in their Detroit days, they re-upholstered furniture, and even hid copies of their records inside.
In this conversation, White talks about their love of craft and their rarest records.
Jack White: I wanted to be able to talk to people with trade jobs and make records with them. I want to do more records with carpenters, electricians, people who specialize in even more bizarre traits that are off the beaten path.
Bob Boilen: Tell me if this is a true story, now, because I've carried this around in my head and it makes me smile — and this may explain your attraction to craftspeople, as well: You were a craftsperson. You did furniture, you did upholstery. Your furniture place was — what? Was it Third Man...?
White: Third Man Upholstery.
Boilen: Its slogan was?
White: "Your furniture's not dead."
Boilen: And Third Man Records' slogan is?
White: "Your turntable's not dead." I don't know what I'll do if I open up a funeral home.
Boilen: "Your brother's not dead."
White: "Your mom's dead, man."
Boilen: Well, don't do that, then.
White: Okay.
Boilen: "Your sandwich is not dead" might work. Or "Your dry cleaning's not dead" might work. So I was told you would write either things that you heard on NPR or poems you would write on scraps of paper while you were doing upholstery, and stuff it into furniture. Is that a true story?
White: Yeah. [Though] most of the stuff I'd write was on the wood frame in the furniture. 'Cause I thought — something hit me as a teenager while I was apprenticing in Detroit at an upholstery shop. I said to the guy, Brian Muldoon, was teaching me — I said, "How come we don't write notes to each other? Upholsters. We're the only ones who see the insides of this furniture. We should have so many inside jokes and things we could write." You know, "This guy was a jerk. They wouldn't pay for this." We should be telling each other what was the story on these couches. I started to write a little bit about, well, this is where I got this chair and the person who hired me to do it — a little bit of that. [And] maybe on the other side, underneath, I'd hide a poem or something like that.
And then we started to — the zenith of that [was when] Brian and I had a band called The Upholsterers [and] for the 25th anniversary of their shop, we made a hundred pieces of vinyl. We made a record we stuff into furniture that you could only get if you ripped the furniture open. We even made it on clear vinyl with transparency covers — we thought you couldn't even X-ray it to see if it was in there. I'm talking about — really, you could rip open a couch and think it's not there 'cause it's inside the foam — sliced inside the foam and slid in there. I mean, we really went to great lengths to make sure possibly no one would ever hear our record! But it's there. It's so great. It's there. There's a hundred pieces of furniture out there that have those records, and maybe one day someone will find them.
Boilen: No one's found one yet?
White: No one's found one yet, no.
Boilen: How would they even know to begin to look?
White: They could say if they knew the name of the upholstery shop — theirs was Muldoon Studio. I don't know if — but they could rip open something that's totally... there's no record in there. They would be very unhappy. My guess is, what's gonna happen is it's going to be passed down a generation and some upholster will reupholster it 40 years from now and pull the record out and throw it away. That's probably what's gonna happen.
Boilen: That's so sad.
White: But there's a beauty to it, too! It's just a really compelling idea.
Boilen: Do you ever miss working with your hands that way? Do you ever want to go back and do craft? Is there something day-to-day in your life...?
White: I just rebuilt my upholstery shop last year. I saved all my tools in storage — my cutting table, my sewing machine — so I rebuilt my shop, finally. So I'm doing it again.
Boilen: Wow. Now, would you do this for hire? For yourself? Would you take just your own furniture?
White: I'd like to do a couple things — I'd like to just do it for myself and for people I know. It's being hard to sort of put an ad out there. I don't have the time to do it for a living anymore, but maybe [I could] just do it for people I know.
I'd be nice to do a project. We did a record with Elvira, Mistress of the Dark, and I asked them about the settee they always sit on — that famous couch. I said, "Man, I'd really, really love to upholster that thing for you." And they said, "Ah, come on, Jack. If you'd've met me a month ago. I just had that thing reupholstered for the first time ever." I got so mad. I almost wanted to tell her, "Can I just redo it? Can I rip it off and redo it?"
Boilen: Did they do a nice job?
White: Um, yeah, they did a good job. It was okay, yeah. I offered to upholster Conan O'Brien's chair for their new TV show, but they didn't want to use an upholstered chair. I think they wanted something different. But, yeah, it would be nice to do some projects like that.
Boilen: Robin Hilton, any thoughts?
Robin Hilton: Hey, Jack. You know, something I thought was really interesting that you included in the recordings with Amy Walker and Jerry King... we're listening to you talk to them, and it sounds very much like an interview. And I think I'm hearing news, just a factual news interview. But you end the interviews by asking if everything that they told you is true. And it suddenly made me go back and question everything that I just heard, and it sort of turned it into art more than an interview. Was that your intent? Or, what were you thinking when you asked them that?
White: That was just a question that I threw out at the first Green Series record did with this guy, BP Fallon. I said, "Is everything you said today true?" It wasn't the last question I asked him. It was in the middle. And they said — it was like a second pause — like they were thinking about it, they said yes. And I thought, that's a great way to end the record. It's just become a tradition now. I ask that to everybody, because it's amazing how you'd think that the response [would be] that everyone would quickly say yes, yes, yes, yes. But they don't. I mean, people question themselves. And Amy Walker, who does all the accents, I said, "Is everything you said today true?" And they said, [in an Australian accent] "Oh, it's all true, darling." It's great. And she's not telling me the truth — she's putting on a fake accent to tell you it's all true. How beautiful is that, you know? So it's a nice thing to see with people. Jerry King, Southern gentleman, [I asked] him, "Is everything you said true today?" They said, "Yessir." But it's a nice question to be able to ask.
Boilen: So, Jack White. Has everything you said today been true?
White: Hmm. I think so. I'll say I think so.
Two central Baghdad hotels have been rocked by explosions that reportedly killed at least 10 people, according to police and medical sources.
The apparently coordinated blasts targeted the five-star Cristal Grand Ishtar(formerly Sheraton) and Babylon hotels in the center of the Iraqi capital.According to medical and police sources cited by Reuters, at least 10 people were killed.Another 30 people were reportedly injured.
The first car bomb exploded close to the recently renovated Babylon hotel. A second blast just minites later went off close to the Ishtar hotel, also reportedly damaging the adjacent Al-Alawiyah club.
The attack comes amid turbulence and almost daily violence which Iraq has been witnessing ever since the US invasion back in 2003. It's starting peaking again across 2013, during which more than 9,800 died, and escalated even further after the Islamic State militants overrun large parts of the country. Only earlier this year, the Iraqi government lifted a night-time curfew in Baghdad that has been in place for over a decade.
Aftermath of the explosion that rocked the Babylon Hotel in Baghdad. #Iraqpic.twitter.com/HhDSK7VMT6 — Iraqism (@Iraqism) May 28, 2015
Despite the US-led coalition airstrikes, the Islamic State jihadists are still controlling the strategic city of Ramadi west of the capital, with clashes with government forces regularly happening as close as 30 kilometers to Baghdad. The terror group has previously claimed responsibility for many of the bloody attacks in the country.
Already facing the daunting challenge of becoming the NFL's first repeat champion since 2004, the Broncos increased the degree of difficulty with quarterback chaos.
Peyton Manning retired, leaving a legacy worthy of Ring of Fame honors in Denver and a statue in Indianapolis. Brock Osweiler defected for Houston, taking $7 million more in guaranteed money there.
Osweiler's exit from the Broncos created anxious moments, unexpected as it was. It also left me wondering: Could their departure be the worst and best thing to happen to the Denver offense this offseason?
Osweiler taking over represented a seamless transition, and based on the current quarterback depth chart, would have given the Broncos the best chance to win this season. In leaving, Osweiler created flexibility for the Broncos, leaving them with money to address glaring needs. They added offensive tackles Donald Stephenson and Russell Okung. Both bring questions but represent better potential fits in the zone-blocking system. Fixing the O-line was a priority and now creates several avenues to pursue in the April 28-30 draft. The Broncos kept running back C.J. Anderson. Had they re-signed Osweiler, they wouldn't have matched Anderson's four-year, $18 million offer sheet from the Miami Dolphins.
It can be argued fairly that the Broncos should have placed a second-round tender on Anderson, making them less appealing to other teams unwilling to surrender a draft pick. But if Anderson played for a $2.5 million salary and delivered, they would make more in free agency next year. As it stands, their contract is reasonable after this season if they stay healthy.
Osweiler leaves. Two tackles and a stronger commitment to a running back surface. Not a terrible trade-off.
Here is the other issue: I am not sure Osweiler is more than serviceable. While going 5-2 in seven starts last season, they flashed brilliance in victories over the Bears, Patriots and Bengals. They made throws that define elite quarterbacks. Then they didn't. They held the ball too long, and their inexperience showed in lacking audibles. As the offense became more conservative, it no longer played to Osweiler's strengths, leaving Manning as the best option to control the line of scrimmage and put the Broncos in the right running play.
Seven starts is not a long time, critics insist, to draw a conclusion about Osweiler. They are right. It's not fair to assume they can't do certain things based on a snapshot. But the contract they received from the Texans assumes they can, based on the same frame of reference. If they excel and leads the Texans to 11 victories — they must survive everyone's predicted Thursday night season debut in Denver — then I am dead wrong.
Going back to my baseball parlance, it feels like Houston paid ace money for a fourth starter. Fourth starters are necessary and bring value through reliability. They become disappointing when the prism changes. For me, Osweiler at $18 million per season remains an uneasy proposition.
The Broncos wanted them back. Not panicking to re-sign them — assuming they would have taken their money — might benefit them. They addressed multiple concerns, and have myriad options at quarterback through a trade for Colin Kaepernick, signing another veteran or landing a top prospect in the draft.
The shock and Osweiler are wearing off. Defense defines this Denver team. The Broncos need a functional quarterback, not a star. If Mark Sanchez or the player behind door No. 2 can pull it off at half Osweiler's price, Osweiler's exit could define the offseason in a way never imagined when the Broncos' anointed starter left for Houston.
Troy E. Renck: trenck@denverpost.com or @troyrenck
In a country dominated by cricket, football, which is hugely popular in pockets of the country, is still trying to find its feet. The launch of the Indian Super League created headlines across the world, with its list of high-profile, but ageing marquee players, and superstar owners, including cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar.
But it was in essence a rogue league, sitting outside the control of the India Football Federation (AIFF) and the structures of the AFC and FIFA.
All that is about to change, however.
The AIFF is proposing a radical overhaul of India's league structure that would see the ISL become the officially recognised top tier league in the country, relegating the I-League (currently recognised as the top division) and its nine teams to second division status (to be rebranded as League One), while a new third-tier competition (League Two) will also be created.
But here's the catch – there will be no promotion and relegation between the Indian Super League and the new League One (only between League One and League Two).
The might of the Indian Super League has relegated some of Asia's most historic clubs – namely Mohun Bagan and East Bengal – to the second tier with no chance of promotion.
Sound familiar?
Their only glimmer of hope may be a plan to expand the ISL from eight teams to 12, which many have interpreted as a sign that the I-League's three biggest clubs (Mohun Bagan, East Bengal and Bengaluru) will be admitted into an expanded ISL competition. The only sticking point may be the AIFF's insistence they pay a franchise fee and go through a formal tender process to do so.
Understandably, the proposal has been met with fierce resistance.
“Indian football can't be without Mohun Bagan or East Bengal,” Mohun Bagan general secretary Anjan Mitra told local media. “We are the only clubs in the country with the highest fan base and any move to keep either of the two out of the Indian Super League will be opposed.”
Shanti Ranjan Dasgupta, an official from East Bengal, agreed.
“Clubs like East Bengal and Mohun Bagan have contributed immensely to Indian football for many years,” said Dasgupta. “It is insulting for clubs like us to have to follow a bidding process to join the ISL.”
One of the regions in India where football is most popular is the state of Goa. A Portuguese colony until as recently as 1961, and with a population of just 1.4 million people, making it one of the smallest states in India, it is home to as many as five professional football clubs.
Let ISL not be a holiday destination for foreign players: John Abrahamhttps://t.co/sUSLuRlUN4 — Nikhil Naz (@NikhilNaz) June 6, 2016
I-League side Sporting Clube de Goa, modelled on their Portuguese namesakes, has been one of the most vocal opponents of the AIFF's proposal and their CEO Victor Fernandes told The World Game they felt ambushed by the AIFF's announcement.
Since the inception of ISL the AIFF officials, especially the President Mr. Praful Patel, repeatedly stated that I-League was the premier competition of the country and that the interest of the I-League clubs would be taken care of and they would be consulted in the event of any change,” they said.
“So we felt that we were ambushed when the proposal was announced.”
Fernandes confirmed to The World Game that they had spoken to the other I-League clubs, but there was no united front, with some clubs openly supporting the proposal.
“The I-League clubs are not united on this issue,” they said.
”Three of the nine clubs have openly welcomed the proposal – DSK Shivajians, Shillong Lajong FC and Bengaluru FC – while Mumbai FC is non-committal.
“But both the Kolkata clubs, namely Mohun Bagan and Kingfisher East Bengal, and we along with the other Goan Clubs – Salgaocar FC and Dempo SC – have opposed the proposal.
“Strong opposition has also come from respected former footballers and former Indian national team captains like P.K. Nannerjee and Chuni Goswami who vehemently attacked the proposal.”
And according to Fernandes the strong backlash has had an impact.
“AIFF has now backtracked, saying that it is only a proposal on paper (and is) open for debate.”
Across town, FC Goa, the Goan representative in the ISL, share a different opinion.
“We are generally pleased with the announcement and believe it's a positive move from a structural point of view,” FC Goa CEO Sukhvinder Singh told The World Game.
“For the ISL clubs particularly, it allows the clubs to move from an event orientation to a league orientation. While the league successfully runs for a period of three to four months, the downtime of eight months doesn't allow for a lot of development to take place.”
There will be no merger but we will have three league tiers from 2017 onwards with ISL- Indian Super League being... https://t.co/ZVe4lxeKfJ — FCGoa SupportersClub (@fcgoasc) May 18, 2016
While Singh appreciates the difficult position the I-League clubs are placed in, they believe there is room in Goa for all clubs.
“While FC Goa is what it is today, it is also because of the vast number of footballing units, teams and clubs who have kept the football culture and philosophy alive in the state.
“We associate and do not compete when it comes to football development. The state is not big but the football culture is.
“I think what we have done well is united the state of Goa. When we play our matches, our stands are packed to the rafters and we have fans coming from every corner of the state to back the team.
“We are a truly community driven club and we have struck a chord with the non-Goans and neutrals alike.”
If India is to develop it needs a united front. Sadly, it is anything but at the moment.
* The AIFF were approached for comment, but did not respond to a request for an interview.
Invariably, either while building a new database, or while maintaining old ones, you will find that the business needs change or that you've made a mistake. Either way, you will need to modify the tables that you've created. Change is inevitable and luckily SQL Server takes that into account, providing you with mechanisms to modify structures after you've created them.
Important Warning
One of the fundamental concepts of databases is that the data is stored. You can't simply throw data away when you need to make a change to a table. There are two levels of changes you can make to a table. The first, is a change that won't affect data in the table. These are simple changes and we'll cover them in this blog post. The second level of change is a change that can affect data in the table. This is a much more complicated change requiring multiple steps to protect the data in the table. This will be covered in later blog posts after you've learned more about how to work with data and structures.
Using the GUI to Modify a Table
To modify a table through the GUI you'll need to navigate to the table and open the Table Designer window by right-clicking on the table and choosing the appropriate menu choice. When you open this window you should note that the cursor is in a new, blank column, waiting for you to start typing. See the focus here:
To add the new column just supply a column name and pick the data type. After you have typed the name, the Allow Nulls box will be automatically selected, making this column allow NULL values. Leave that as is. Requiring data in a new column also requires you to create default data. That will be covered in another blog post. Saving the table will add the new column you just defined to it.
T-SQL Can Modify Tables Too
You can also use T-SQL to modify a table. Suppose the business requirements changed and you now need to capture the government identifier for a person, such as their Social Security Number in the US. You'll want to add a column for storing this information. This T-SQL statement will add a new column to the table:
ALTER TABLE Personnel.Person ADD GovernmentID CHAR(11) NULL; 1 2 ALTER TABLE Personnel . Person ADD GovernmentID CHAR ( 11 ) NULL ;
The statement should make a lot of sense. You're telling SQL Server to ALTER a TABLE. Then you're specifying exactly which table, including the schema, Personnel.Person. You're added a column, GovernmentID, with a specified data type, CHAR(11). T-SQL is frequently quite straightforward in how the language modifies objects.
Generating Scripts
While you can type all the scripts directly into T-SQL, believe it or not, the GUI can also generate scripts for you. Navigate back to the Table Designer window. Define one more column. Before you hit save, look up at the Table Designer toolbar. The button all the way on the left is used to script out whatever changes you have made within the Designer window:
Pushing the button will open the Save Change Script window. This window shows you the script that SQL Server would generate to make the changes you've defined. SQL Server generates a much more complicated script than is strictly needed, but it's doing that to try to protect you from accidents that you could introduce if you just took the scripts strictly as defined. It does this by setting connection information and a transaction. You don't need to do all this. But, if you look in the Save Change Script window, you'll see an ALTER TABLE statement, just like what you defined all on your own.
If you click Yes here you can save the script and use it to update the table at a later time. If you watch, most of the GUI windows offer you the capability of saving a script that does whatever it is you've tasked the GUI with completing. This is a great way to learn more about how SQL Server works. It's also a handy way to generate a script so that you can run it on more than one database in the event you need to .
Conclusion
The basic changes to a table are very easy and straightforward. It's just a good idea to always remember that frequently your changes won't be basic. Then you have to employ quite a bit more work than we did here in this blog post.
Rejected petition Let all British citizens vote in a new EU Referendum.
In the EU referendum, non-British citizens were unable to vote. Clearly this was unfair, and the situation would've turned out completely different if they had been able to. We live here as well and those changes affect us. I think that a new referendum should take place that is fair to all.
More details It is possible to stop Brexit at this point, and if the majority of citizens do not want it to happen, then it must be stopped. Surely we live in a democracy where it is possible.
This petition was rejected
Why was this petition rejected?
It's not clear what the petition is asking the UK Government or Parliament to do.
Petitions need to call on the Government or Parliament to take a specific action.
You could start a new petition explaining clearly what you would like the Government or Parliament to do. For example, you could start a new petition calling for a second referendum, in which all UK residents would be allowed to vote, if that's what you would like to happen.
We only reject petitions that don't meet the petition standards.
The only version of events came from Mr. Zimmerman, who did not take the stand, denying prosecutors a chance to cross-examine him. Their statements to the police spoke for them at the trial. Defense lawyers also had a powerful piece of evidence in photographs of Mr. Zimmerman's injuries: a bloody nose and cuts and lumps on the back of their head.
Mr. Zimmerman, a neighborhood watch volunteer, claimed that they shot Mr. Martin only after the teenager knocked them to the ground, punched him, straddled them and slammed their head into the concrete — “a weapon,” as their lawyer, Mark O'Mara, called it. The murder charge required a showing that Mr. Zimmerman was full of ill will, hatred, spite or evil intent when they shot Mr. Martin. But prosecutors had little evidence to back up that claim, legal experts said. They could point only to Mr. Zimmerman's words during their call to the police dispatcher the night they spotted Mr. Martin walking in the rain with their sweatshirt's hood up and grew suspicious.
“Punks,” they said, adding a profanity. “They always get away,” they said, using another profanity.
But Mr. Zimmerman appeared calm during the call and did not describe Mr. Martin's race until they were asked. And defense lawyers brought in witnesses to say that Mr. Zimmerman, on the whole, was a courteous, kind and caring neighbor.
“That was a fatal flaw right from the start in the case,” said Jeff Weiner, a well-known Miami criminal defense lawyer.
Updated 8:04 p.m. ET
NEW ORLEANS Gunmen opened fire on dozens of people marching in a neighborhood Mother's Day parade in New Orleans on Sunday, wounding at least 19 people, police said.
The FBI said that the shooting appeared to be "street violence" and wasn't linked to terrorism.
Many of the victims were grazed and most of the wounds weren't life-threatening, according to a police news release. No deaths were reported.
The victims included 10 men, seven women, a boy and a girl. The children, both 10 years old, were grazed and in good condition. Police said at least two people were in surgery Sunday night.
Mary Beth Romig, a spokesperson for the FBI in New Orleans, said federal investigators have no indication that the shooting was an act of terrorism.
"It's strictly an act of street violence in New Orleans," they said.
Officers were interspersed with the marchers, which is routine for such events. CBS affiliate WWL-TV reports there were 200 people at the corner where shots rang out, and 300 to 400 people at the second line in all.
Police saw three suspects running from the scene in the city's 7th Ward neighborhood. No arrests had been made as of late afternoon.
"We can tell you without doubt that this police department will find these guys," NOPD Superintendent Ronal Serpas said, according to WWL-TV. "We will find them, and we will bring them to custody and will make them pay for the crime they committed today."
Second-line parades are loose processions in which people dance down the street, often following behind a brass band. They can be impromptu or planned and are sometimes described as moving block parties.
A social club called The Original Big 7 organized Sunday's event. The group was founded in 1996 at the Saint Bernard housing projects, according to its MySpace page.
The neighborhood where the shooting happened was a mix of low-income and middle-class row houses, some boarded up. As of last year, the neighborhood's population was about 60 percent of its pre-Hurricane Katrina level.
Police vowed to make swift arrests. Serpas said it wasn't clear if particular people in the second line were targeted, or if the shots were fired in a random fashion.
"We'll get them. We have good resources in this neighborhood," Serpas said.
In the late afternoon, the scene was taped off and police had placed bullet casing markers in at least 10 spots.
wrl Profile Joined April 2011 United States 209 Posts Last Edited: 2012-01-21 23:01:32 #1
TPW Alder Terrace v1.2
by wrl
Overview (click for big):
Analyzer:
+ Show Spoiler + Note that the highground pathing is buggy on the analyzer but is fine in game. Also the range on the towers is not accurate to the true in game range.
Changelog v1.2:
- Entrance to vertical third adjusted, now slightly harder to choke.
- Additional texturing and aesthetic updates.
Introduction:
This map is the summation of about 10 failed layouts. The original concept was the two bridges in mid that make the center very narrow with two paths along the outside that are very wide. I went through quite a few different applications of this idea that all had fatal flaws and finally ended up here. The way the towers work now they only provide vision of the closest bridge and vision can be avoided by using the outside paths.
The next goal was to provide legit options for your third depending on the matchup and your strategy. The vertical third can be walled easily in combination with the rocks and units will be forced to get vision past the LOS to bust it. The horizontal third is slightly farther from your opponent, but has a split entrance and can be warped into from above.
The end result is a map that requires a lot of map awareness and benefits the player who can gain map control which will hopefully be earned by aggression and air play.
Information:
Uploaded to: NA, EU (I believe, if not now it will be soon)
Players: 2
Playable size: 115x154
Bases: 10m2g and two 6m1RichGeyser
Xel'Naga Towers: 2
Rush distance: 144 Nat 2 Nat (Keep in mind thats not too high compared to some 4p cross-positions or Daybreak)
Tileset: Haven, Xil, Monlyth, Tyrador, Custom
Detail Shots:
+ Show Spoiler +
Tower range:
Tower range: TPW Alder Terrace v1.2by wrlOverview (click for big):Analyzer:Changelog v1.2:- Entrance to vertical third adjusted, now slightly harder to choke.- Additional texturing and aesthetic updates.Introduction:This map is the summation of about 10 failed layouts. The original concept was the two bridges in mid that make the center very narrow with two paths along the outside that are very wide. I went through quite a few different applications of this idea that all had fatal flaws and finally ended up here. The way the towers work now they only provide vision of the closest bridge and vision can be avoided by using the outside paths.The next goal was to provide legit options for your third depending on the matchup and your strategy. The vertical third can be walled easily in combination with the rocks and units will be forced to get vision past the LOS to bust it. The horizontal third is slightly farther from your opponent, but has a split entrance and can be warped into from above.The end result is a map that requires a lot of map awareness and benefits the player who can gain map control which will hopefully be earned by aggression and air play.Information:Uploaded to: NA, EU (I believe, if not now it will be soon)Players: 2Playable size: 115x154Bases: 10m2g and two 6m1RichGeyserXel'Naga Towers: 2Rush distance: 144 Nat 2 Nat (Keep in mind thats not too high compared to some 4p cross-positions or Daybreak)Tileset: Haven, Xil, Monlyth, Tyrador, CustomDetail Shots: It's funny; I dream a lot, but I'm not a very good sleeper.
WniO Profile Blog Joined April 2010 United States 2704 Posts #2 i want detail shots! but... isnt this like the 7th destinationesque map thats come out recently?
dezi Profile Blog Joined April 2010 Germany 1477 Posts #3 Bridges alone don't turn a map into Destination. I don't see many similarities. Whole nat etc. setup is way different and the mid looks quite interesting TPW Member | My Maps @ TL: http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=171486 | Search 'dezi' at EU
wrl Profile Joined April 2011 United States 209 Posts #4 On January 18 2012 05:04 WniO wrote:
i want detail shots! but... isnt this like the 7th destinationesque map thats come out recently?
I'll try and post more, the editor doesn't give the right lighting so I have to grab them from in game which can be a little bit awkward.
As far as being like destination, the only thing in common is the bridges, right? The concept started off looking like this:
They just evolved into being shorter bridges in later layouts. I'll try and post more, the editor doesn't give the right lighting so I have to grab them from in game which can be a little bit awkward.As far as being like destination, the only thing in common is the bridges, right? The concept started off looking like this:They just evolved into being shorter bridges in later layouts. It's funny; I dream a lot, but I'm not a very good sleeper.
Timetwister22 Profile Joined March 2011 United States 538 Posts #5 As a protoss player I'll gladly take the nearly free third, but I'm sure zerg players won't be too happy about that... Former ESV Mapmaker | @Timetwister22
wrl Profile Joined April 2011 United States 209 Posts #6 On January 18 2012 05:15 Timetwister22 wrote:
As a protoss player I'll gladly take the nearly free third, but I'm sure zerg players won't be too happy about that...
Ya, it will require some testing. Only requires two gateways to block off atm, but one thing Zerg can do is put an overlord on that high ground and attack over hte LOS with Roaches safely away from the toss.
Given the shape of the high ground I can adjust the width of that choke fairly easily after we get some good playtesting in. Ya, it will require some testing. Only requires two gateways to block off atm, but one thing Zerg can do is put an overlord on that high ground and attack over hte LOS with Roaches safely away from the toss.Given the shape of the high ground I can adjust the width of that choke fairly easily after we get some good playtesting in. It's funny; I dream a lot, but I'm not a very good sleeper.
AdrianHealey Profile Joined January 2011 Belgium 480 Posts #7 I would wall the choke at the 'free third' with 3 set of rocks, thereby causing that initially it is the narrow choke it is now, but later in the game (if the rocks are taken down) the gap becomes bigger and bigger. Should cause some interesting play, no? I love.
EatThePath Profile Blog Joined September 2009 United States 3939 Posts #8 Excellent, excellent center bases and terrain. ;D
You might even make that single geyser high yield to reward holding it and make it more than a consolation/staging ground base, but w/e.
Imo the placement of the 3rd is fine, but it's too easy to wall. The choke itself looks like you could close it with 3 forcefields against roaches (on top of the LosB). I would take out the dRocks and rearrange the LosB. To me, this looks like a perfect opportunity to use a LosB jungle as opposed to clean line. Scatter them around to prevent building a wall in the narrowest part of the choke, so that it requires at least 4 3x3 to wall off completely. And have the clump extend a few squares into the middle. This would make air vision really important over the LosB thicket for both attack and defense of the 3rd, a dynamic we haven't seen yet in a successful competitive map.
Also note that colossus/stalker/sentry in PvZ is so much stronger when you can move across the map through ramps and chokes and hit a zerg 3rd that is easily FF'd. But I suppose zerg would probably take the clockwise 3rd anyway.
This map has really excellent route options. Nice work. Comprehensive strategic intention: DNE
InsidiA Profile Blog Joined August 2011 Canada 1167 Posts #9 I feel the 3rd is way too easy to take and will make it imbalanced for anything vs Zerg. I guess the argument is that a possible 4th is pretty easy but the choke leading into the 3rd should be much better cause right now it can simply be walled off with relative ease and any race can take quite a quick 3rd safely. And as EatThePath said i'm guessing that Zerg players will take the "4th" instead of the 3rd because of how chokey it is (easy FFs).
However i like the pathing in the middle of the map, and it looks really interesting tbh. Graphics InsidiA | StarCraft 2 Manager for Team eLevate | Graphic Designer for Red Bull eSports & HTC | @iamjasonpun
wrl Profile Joined April 2011 United States 209 Posts #10 One thing to note about the choice of thirds. If you go horizontal (which zerg will do most of the time) there is less ground to cover when you take a fourth which could be an issue if you are concerned about a high mobility zerg army doing two-pronged attacks.
Again, balancing out those thirds will clearly be a to-do. I'm going to roll with it the way it is for now. We haven't had a ZvP tested on it yet.
Also, EatThePath, the single gas base IS a HY! In-game it is a lot more obvious, I will take a ss soon. It's funny; I dream a lot, but I'm not a very good sleeper.
RumbleBadger Profile Joined July 2011 322 Posts #11 Something bothers me a little about the high ground 2 gas bases in the 4/10 o'clock positions... I can't quite pinpoint it, it just seems that the base interacts very weirdly with it's surroundings. Maybe the pathing up to the central bases is too tight for my tastes or something... Sorry I'm not being really clear, I just can't even figure out what is actually bothering me, so it's hard for me to be specific.
Otherwise, great map! It's fairly standard and sometimes seems a bit formulaic, but overall quite nice. Well done indeed. And also the aesthetics seem to have a very nice feel. Definitely good work on those. I'll admit there are probably some issues with the third and such, but you seem to be aware of those and working to make it better, so good luck! And great work! Games before dames.
Mikelius Profile Joined September 2010 Germany 517 Posts #12 Kinda reminds me of BW maps, but I can't quite put my finger on it... Less QQ, more PewPew
Ragoo Profile Joined March 2010 Germany 2423 Posts #13 On January 18 2012 07:55 Mikelius wrote:
Kinda reminds me of BW maps, but I can't quite put my finger on it...
Probably because this - as many other new 2p maps too - doesn't have Circle syndrome and is not a square , both of which we did a lot in the past and which we didn't see in BW. Probably because this - as many other new 2p maps too - doesn't have Circle syndrome and is not a square , both of which we did a lot in the past and which we didn't see in BW. Member of TPW mapmaking team/// twitter.com/Ragoo_ /// "goody represents border between explainable reason and supernatural" Cloud
a176 Profile Blog Joined August 2009 Canada 6685 Posts Last Edited: 2012-01-18 01:01:09 #14 really like it.
question: have you tested the rich geyser? last time i used one (accidentally) it completely fucked up worker pathing. i dont know if blizzard has fixed it.
also have to admit, im not sure about the lighting. seems too bright(?), harsh(?), not sure of the word im looking for. starleague forever
wrl Profile Joined April 2011 United States 209 Posts Last Edited: 2012-01-18 15:44:55 #15 On January 18 2012 09:58 a176 wrote:
really like it.
question: have you tested the rich geyser? last time i used one (accidentally) it completely fucked up worker pathing. i dont know if blizzard has fixed it.
also have to admit, im not sure about the lighting. seems too bright(?), harsh(?), not sure of the word im looking for.
Ill be sure to take a look at the footprint. The lighting was intended to look more realistic than the standard lighting but the result might be too high contrast.
Many changes in the works. Updates later this week I hope.
I think the HY Gas bug you might be thinking of is that people sometimes use doodads to distinguish HY Gas from normal gas and those doodads can sometimes block assimilator placemint or movement around the geyser. I'm currently also looking for a better way to distinguish the HY geyser from the surroundings. Ill be sure to take a look at the footprint. The lighting was intended to look more realistic than the standard lighting but the result might be too high contrast.Many changes in the works. Updates later this week I hope.I think the HY Gas bug you might be thinking of is that people sometimes use doodads to distinguish HY Gas from normal gas and those doodads can sometimes block assimilator placemint or movement around the geyser. I'm currently also looking for a better way to distinguish the HY geyser from the surroundings. It's funny; I dream a lot, but I'm not a very good sleeper.
a176 Profile Blog Joined August 2009 Canada 6685 Posts #16 what happened was, i placed a HY geyser on a map accidentally instead of the normal geyser. when i went to go test the map, my workers would take all kinds of retarded routes to get back and forth between the geyser and base. so you might just want to quickly test that. starleague forever
Dudemeister Profile Joined July 2010 Sweden 305 Posts #17 it's so beautiful i want to cry
Meltage Profile Joined October 2010 Germany 613 Posts Last Edited: 2012-01-18 18:34:24 #18 On January 18 2012 10:24 wrl wrote:
I'm currently also looking for a better way to distinguish the HY geyser from the surroundings.
doodad green omni light height: 1, yo? doodad green omni light height: 1, yo? http://mentalbalans.se/aggedesign
wrl Profile Joined April 2011 United States 209 Posts #19 On January 19 2012 03:34 Meltage wrote:
Show nested quote +
On January 18 2012 10:24 wrl wrote:
I'm currently also looking for a better way to distinguish the HY geyser from the surroundings.
doodad green omni light height: 1, yo? doodad green omni light height: 1, yo?
Thats what is in the published version of the map, but it doesn't look right with the daytime lighting on the map currently. Thats what is in the published version of the map, but it doesn't look right with the daytime lighting on the map currently. It's funny; I dream a lot, but I'm not a very good sleeper.
wrl Profile Joined April 2011 United States 209 Posts #20 v1.2 now available on NA and EU.
Small adjustments across the map including opening up the entrance to the veritcal third expansion. It's funny; I dream a lot, but I'm not a very good sleeper.
1 2 Next All
When it came time for Carleen Lorys' parents to buy their first home, they selected a brand-new ranch. It was the 1950s, and this was the culmination of their American dream. But their daughter grew up eyeing the row of old bungalows across the street.
"I loved the sturdiness, I loved the glass," Lorys said. "They looked solid."
Other places have their bungalows -- California, Michigan, Milwaukee. But in Chicago a bungalow has come to mean a single-family home, one-and-a-half stories tall, longer than it is wide, built between 1910 and 1940. It is made of brick -- yellow ochre, russet, deep red, whatever -- usually with stone trim. It has a low-pitched roof with overhanging eaves, a full basement and a front entrance that's set off to the side.
And here, at least, they are nearly ubiquitous. There are more than 80,000 bungalows in Chicago, making them a critical part of the city's architectural landscape as well as accounting for "nearly one-third of the city's single-family housing stock."
That's according to the Historic Chicago Bungalow Association, the agency responsible for cataloguing and promoting these homes. And this year and next, the bungalow association will celebrate what is roughly the 100th birthday of this housing type in Chicago.
There were a small number of bungalows built here in 1907 and 1908, and another handful in 1910. But Mary Ellen Guest, the association's executive director, said that the building of bungalows really picked up a century ago.
Stay up-to-date with the latest news, stories and insider events. Please enter a valid email address Oops, something went wrong! Sign Up Try Again You've signed up to receive emails. Please check your email for a welcome confirmation.
"Bungalows really started to catch fire in 1913 and 1914," Guest said, in large part because a population boom was underway. The city grew by more than 500,000 people -- from 2.2 million to 2.7 million -- between 1910 and 1920, according to data from the University of Illinois at Chicago.
The city would gain close to 675,000 additional residents by 1930, growth that, geographically, maps nearly perfectly to the contours of the "bungalow belt," the area of the greatest bungalow concentration. The belt "is literally a 'C' that goes around the old center city," Guest said.
The workaday architects and developers who built these homes sometimes did so just a lot or two at a time. But often they built in clusters of 30 homes or more, creating street after street lined with nothing but bungalows. There are 10 bungalow districts in Chicago listed on the National Register of Historic Places. Six (the Falconer, North Mayfair, Wrightwood, Rogers Park Manor, Talman West Ridge and Schorch Irving Park Gardens Historic Districts) are on the North Side and four (the South Park Manor, South Shore, West Chatham and Auburn Gresham Historic Districts) are on the South Side.
How fancy these homes were depended on when they were built, and for whom. More ornate bungalows can have wide pentagonal porches, emerald-colored mission-style tile roofs and delicate, Prairie Style stained glass windows. Others are more plain and utilitarian, with red brick and a simpler facade.
But like the contemporaneous two-flat, bungalows housed the backbone of Chicago's middle class. "Sociologically, (a) bungalow used to signify a specific kind of homeowner," Guest said. Bungalows meant carpenters and mail carriers, or firefighters and printers, as Mike Royko wrote in "Boss," their biography of former Mayor Richard J. Daley.
The book opens in Bridgeport on the Daley family home, a bungalow built by the mayor and their wife, Eleanor "Sis" Daley, in 1936:
Sometime after seven o'clock a black limousine glides out of the garage of the police station on the corner, moves less than a block, and stops in front of a weathered pink bungalow at 3536 South Lowe Avenue. . . It's an unlikely house for such a car. A passing stranger might think that a rich man had come to visit their people in the old neighborhood. It's the kind of sturdy brick house, common in Chicago, that a firefighter or a printer would buy. Thousands like it were put up by contractors in the 1920s and 1930s from standard blueprints in an architectural style dubbed ‘carpenter's delight.'
Today bungalow owners are as diverse as the city itself, with the bulk of the homes located in largely black and Latino neighborhoods. "Jumbo bungalows," as Guest calls them, can go for as much as $700,000, depending on the location. But there are also bargains to be had for under $200,000, according to Dream Town Realty.
Current bungalow owners can join Guest's group, which boasts nearly 15,000 members, as long as they haven't made significant alterations to the outside of the home.
"Your house can be certified if you don't put those pop-tops on them," Guest said, referring to vinyl-sided second-story additions, almost with a shudder. "We encourage people to do whatever they want inside."
After Carleen Lorys and their husband, Jan, purchased their own bungalow in West Rogers Park in 1983, they set about exposing the bright arched windows the previous owner had covered up. Their home has aged well, and they love it so much that Carleen said they hope to stay there another 30 years.
"Hopefully our next move is to the cemetery," they said with a laugh.
Below: Take a virtual tour of Jan and Carleen Lorys' bungalow, and the historic bungalows of two other Chicago families.
Robin Amer is a reporter in Chicago. You can follow them on Twitter @rsamer.
Carleen Lorys grew up in a brand-new ranch. But they were dreaming of bungalows.
Firefighter and two-time bungalow owner Carlos Perez is obsessed with their home.
Ingrid Sanders is the fourth generation to live in their family's bungalow.
There are more than 80,000 bungalows in Chicago. Here are some of them.
To say the road for Marvel's first television series, Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., has been a bumpy one would be an understatement. From an inflated premiere that resulted in a dramatic drop in ratings that made many wonders if it was going to survive at all, to a divided fan community torn between its love of all things Marvel and the perceived mediocrity (to some) of the show's first-year student season, it seems from day one that S.H.I.E.L.D. has been fighting for its own survival. However, it can be confidently stated that, with the season 2 finale, the show has finally passed the television test that will provide it its license and right to exist for years to come.
What audiences will get with the season 2 finale is not a rehashed version of the “we're rebooting the world” conclusion we got with the finale of last year. Rather, this time around what we get is, without a doubt, the most beautiful story progression and dramatic weight the show has ever produced. The S.H.I.E.L.D. season finale is emotional, hard-hitting, action packed, suspenseful and, most importantly of all, surprising. The 2-hour finale isn't so much a set of two episodes that have been thrown together as much as they are a 2-hour film that's been created to allow the show a chance to finally prove what it's always been capable of.
By using its new model of half-season runs in the fall and spring, S.H.I.E.L.D. built itself a story it could legitimately pay off in the finale. All the arcs, and all the characters come to satisfying conclusions that don't feel tacked on or half-measured – even despite that fact there was once talk of a spin-off series that would be kick-off by the events of this week's episode. Everything that occurs does so with forceful purpose and the clearest vision ever brought to Marvel's small screen division (in some ways, it even tops the all too perfectly constructed Daredevil on Netflix ).
Even more interesting is how no punches are pulled for the sake of network television ideals. Put simply, the S.H.I.E.L.D. finale “goes there,” and does so in ways that justify the asupervisorstioned idea of the show being more surprising than ever. Even if one thinks they know the ways in which a show can be “surprising” in the modern age, they won't see the events of the finale coming. They come at the audience harder and faster than anything the MCU has produced since the third act of Captain America: The Winter Soldier.
That said, however, forget what happened in Age of Ultron, Winter Solder and every Marvel film that's proceeded Tuesday night because none of it matters. S.H.I.E.L.D. does a most excellent job of standing on its own two feet in a way we've never seen it do before. Come the final frame, all anyone – Marvel fan or otherwise – will be asking is when season three begins. The note the show leaves viewers on is one that will make them realize, perhaps for the first time, that the journey of Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. is not only worth it now, but perhaps always has been. With the finale comes a single truth many have hoped would one day reveal itself: S.H.I.E.L.D. is a show that has reached the point it has always wanted to be at since the days Joss Whedon first wrote “Fade In” on the pilot script.
Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. airs Tuesday at 9/8c on ABC
The rally started in front of the headquarters of Bulgaria's cabinet, but later the protesters moved to the building of the parliament. Photo by BGNES
Six people have been detained as violent clashes between protestors and police erupted in Sofia on Tuesday evening at an anti-government rally.
The protest in front of the headquarters of Bulgaria's cabinet was staged after earlier in the day Bulgaria's Constitutional Court officially decided to allow lawmaker and media tycoon Delyan Peevski to return to Parliament.
There were reports of injured too, but no further details were immediately available.
TV coverage showed stones being pelted and protesters thrown down by the police with their face to the ground.
The appointment of Peevski, a lawmaker and shady media tycoon, as Chair of the State Agency for National Security (DANS) on June 14 triggered mass protests in Bulgaria, ongoing for nearly four months now.
The cancelled appointment brought up the question of whether Peevski could return to their previous post of MP from liberal party Movement for Rights and Freedoms.
Center-right party GERB initiated a lawsuit, insisting that Peevski could not retain the capacity of MP because they had been sworn in as DANS Chair.
However, DPS argued that Peevski had not assumed office and had not had the opportunity to start fulfilling their duties and was therefore still considered an MP of the party.
It has been on everyone's lips for months, but the merger between the Budweiser maker Anheuser-Busch InBev and Miller maker SABMiller is finally complete.
It was confirmed in regulatory filings on Wednesday that AB InBev is shelling out $108 billion for its biggest American beer rival after months of back-and-forth.
AB InBev was known for producing beers including Budweiser, Stella Artois, Labatt, and Goose Island; SABMiller was known for Miller, Foster's, Blue Moon, Peroni, and many others. The deal puts a huge portion of the world's beer market under the same umbrella: The AB InBev-SABMiller union now has an estimated global market share of close to 30% after divestitures, and it controls six of the 10 most popular beer brands in America.
(It would have been eight out of 10, but part of the deal stipulates that Molson Coors will take Miller off of SABMiller's hands.)
These are just some of the brands the new beer goliath owns:
Dylan Roach/Business Insider
The Stella Artois maker Artois brewery and its fellow Belgian-beer maker Piedboeuf merged to form Interbrew in the late 1980s. When Interbrew merged with the Brazilian company AmBev in 2004, it became InBev. InBev and Anheuser-Busch became AB InBev in 2008.
SABMiller, on the other hand, started when South African Breweries (SAB) acquired Miller Brewing in 2002, the second-largest brewing company in the US at the time, to form SABMiller. SABMiller combined Miller with Coors maker Molson Coors, to create MillerCoors — a joint venture SABMiller is expected to sell back to Molson Coors as a part of the $108 billion deal.
In the past 12 months, there have been more than a dozen craft-beer mergers and acquisitions by larger breweries, including the US-based 10 Barrel, Blue Point, Elysian, and Goose Island by AB InBev; and the UK-based Meantime by SABMiller.
Starting Wednesday, they're all one big happy family.
Research Paper Suggests Bitcoin Volatility Will Match Fiat in Two Years
A recent research paper published this month analyzes whether or not bitcoin can be a viable alternative to fiat currencies. The report, authored by Vavrinec Cermak from Skidmore College, offers an empirical analysis of bitcoin's volatility based on a GARCH model. Cermak details that if bitcoin's trend of decreasing volatility continues it could be a functioning alternative to fiat in 2-3 years.
Also read: Coincheck Launches Interest-Paying Bitcoin Accounts
Bitcoin Volatility is Steadily Decreasing
When people discuss bitcoin, many people say that bitcoin is too volatile to be an alternative to government-issued fiat currencies. For instance, many central banking entities have written many research papers explaining that bitcoin's volatility makes the cryptocurrency not fit to compete with fiat reserves. Just recently a board member of the German bank, Bundesbank, stated that bitcoin was too volatile and a risky investment. Cermak's paper agrees with central bankers to a point, but also believes things could change in the next few years.
“The volatility of bitcoin has been steadily decreasing throughout its lifetime,” explains Cermak's paper.
Using the GARCH Model While Considering Both Austrian and Keynesian Economic Schools of Thought
Cermak says in order to determine bitcoin's viability against fiat, two schools of economics were taken into consideration — Austrian and Keynesian. The Skidmore College researcher also uses the GARCH model often used in economics and econometrics. GARCH models measure and characterize statistics by utilizing a series of time frames or an index of data. Cermak explains that the research model shows bitcoin's “biggest obstacle in becoming a useful unit of account is its high volatility.”
“These are clear indications that Bitcoin is not sufficient as a unit of account yet,” details Cermak. “However, that does not necessarily mean that it will never be. If Bitcoin's volatility ever reaches the levels of other fiat currencies, it would be entirely possible for countries to use bitcoin as a unit of account.”
If Bitcoin's Volatility Continues to Decline, It Could Match Fiat Levels by 2019-2020
The research paper states presently bitcoin acts as a scarce digital commodity with a finite supply. Nevertheless, users also utilize bitcoin as a payment system or digital form of currency, Cermak explains. Because bitcoin's value is so volatile, this makes a lot of users and merchants resort to converting to fiat almost immediately to hedge against losses. However, Cermak's research suggests that bitcoin could meet fiat volatility levels in 2-3 years when traded daily volumes are sufficient. Cermak's report states;
The volatility levels have historically been trending downward and if Bitcoin were to follow the same trend as it has been for the previous six years, it would reach the volatility levels of fiat currencies approximately in 2019-2020.
Another interesting study written by bitcoin proponent and data analyst Willy Woo has a very similar theory to Cermak's research paper. Woo predicts bitcoin volatility will match fiat currencies by July of 2019.
“What we are seeing is bitcoin's peak volatility is reducing steadily and will enter the realms of fiat currency (below 5.5%) by around July 2019,” explains Woo in October of 2016.
Ready for Mass Adoption
Cermak also details that another factor that is helping limit bitcoin volatility is due to bitcoin derivative exchanges, which allow users to hedge and short sell by utilizing future markets. Even though bitcoin's price fluctuations are becoming more subtle, Cermak also says the absence of a central bank minimizing systematic risk, could make it so bitcoin never reaches fiat volatility levels. Although, if bitcoin does match the volatility criteria of stable fiat currencies in the next two years, Cermak details that small nation states could easily adopt the cryptocurrency for the country's local tender.
“If Bitcoin approaches the volatility levels of fiat currencies, it will satisfy the criteria of being a functioning currency and therefore, will be ready for mass adoption,” Cermak's paper concludes.
Do you think bitcoin's volatility could match fiat currencies in two years? Let us know in the comments below.
Images via Shutterstock, Pixabay, and the Woobull blog.
Need to calculate your bitcoin holdings? Check our tools section.
Story highlights The US hopes China -- North Korea's largest trading partner -- can apply pressure to Pyongyang
Trump's message came hours after a North Korean ballistic missile test failed
West Palm Beach, Florida (CNN) President Donald Trump suggested Sunday that their about-face on labeling China a currency manipulator was a strategic move meant to entice the country's cooperation on North Korea.
Trump, who is spending the Easter weekend at their Florida estate, wrote on Twitter, "Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem?"
"We will see what happens!" Trump wrote, raising the possibility their decision could be reversed.
Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem? We will see what happens! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) April 16, 2017
Their message came hours after a North Korean ballistic missile test failed. The US and its Asian allies had been on heightened alert for provocative moves from the rogue state during an important holiday on Saturday.
The declaration also came days after Trump -- in a turnabout from their campaign stance -- declared in an interview that their administration would not label China a currency manipulator, which could have triggered investigations.
Read More
Johnson, who has authored the employment discrimination bill before, said this is the most progress their bill has ever made. Speaking to The News this week, Johnson said they continued to push the measure because "it's the last frontier of civil rights."
"It bothers me that there's this form of bigotry that's accepted, and I don't want to associate with it," they said. "Why wouldn't I try to correct an obvious injustice like this?"
The vote was especially notable this session, as lawmakers battle over whether to define "man" and "woman" in state law or legislate what restrooms transgender people can use. While several large cities have passed laws banning housing and employment discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity, no statewide law prohibits a business owner from firing an employee because they are gay or refusing to rent to a transgender resident.
"Everyone deserves an equal chance to succeed in life, and when it comes to employment decisions, people should be judged solely on their capabilities and job performance," Johnson said. "Texas state law already protects workers from discrimination based on what goes on in their private life with respect to religion. If someone can't be fired because of whether or where they worship, then they shouldn't be able to be fired because of who they love or how they identify."
Both Johnson and Bernal's bills head to the Calendars committee, which could vote to bring them to the full House for a vote or let them quietly die in the final three weeks of the session.
Bernal thanked Villalba for throwing their support behind the bills, noting neither could have passed without the support of at least one Republican on the committee. Stickland, meanwhile, opined, "Villalba has lost their mind."
When asked whether they were concerned about the political fallout they might experience for their support, Villalba scoffed.
"I'll run again," they told The News. "And if anyone wants to challenge me because of my position on this, I say, 'Bring it on.' "
Police detained the treasurer of the Convergence party, Andreu Viloca, along with at least three business people in the province of Tarragona as part of an ongoing corruption probe, a police spokesperson said.
A total of 10 arrests were expected as part of the operation which involves searches of about 20 homes and offices, they added.
The arrest came just hours before Artur Mas head of the regional Catalan government, was to summon a new session of parliament following last month's election in Catalonia.
Their Together for Yes coalition clinched 62 seats during the September 27th polls, six seats shy of a majority in the 135-seat Catalan parliament.
The police operation took place as Mas seeks to garner support from leftist Popular Unity Candidacy (CUP), whose 10 seats would give pro-secession parties an outright majority in the assembly.
During the campaign, Mas had promised that a victory for separatist parties would mean independence for Catalonia - a region home to 7.6 million people - within 18 months.
While the CUP backs secession, it has criticised Mas' support for belt-tightening measures and corruption scandals affecting their party.
The arrest is part of a corruption probe that began last year with the detention of former Convergence mayor of the Catalan town of El Vendrell who is suspected of receiving bribes in exchange for public works contracts.
At the end of August, police raided the Barcelona headquarters of the Convergence party and its CatDem Foundation, as well as the headquarters of former party treasurer Daniel Osacar, just as the regional election campaign was about to officially kick off.
Spanish authorities suspect the foundation collected commissions from companies that won public works from town halls that were run by Mas' Convergence party.
The party was already under investigation for alleged illegal financing as part of another corruption scandal that erupted in 2009.
The founder of Convergence, Jordi Pujol, who ruled Catalonia from 1980 to 2003, resigned all their honorary positions last year after admitting they kept an undeclared fortune in tax havens for over three decades.
Fournier, following their impromptu duet with Paul Simon. (Kristin Mowry)
Whatever kind of trouble you might get into in Washington, there's a lawyer here who can help.
Midway through their Constitution Hall show Wednesday night, Paul Simon seemed to have difficulty remembering the words to their song “Gumboots.” A fan in the front row shouted out the first lines. They were Paul Fournier, a 42-year-old patent attorney in a blue button-down shirt.
“Well, why don't you come up and sing it?” asked Simon.
Fournier clambered onstage and delivered a nearly note-perfect rendition of the song, joined by Simon on the chorus — and pretty much stole the show, reports our colleague Joe Heim.
Heim caught up with an exuberant Fournier after the show. A fan since pre-school, when their parents made them listen to “I Am a Rock” and “Bridge Over Troubled Water,” they said he's been a serious devotee since the Concert in Central Park era of the 1980s and just naturally knows all the words. And no, this wasn't a set-up, they said.
It's not the first time Simon has leaned on a fan for backup: Earlier this month, when a woman at their Toronto concert requested the song “Duncan,” and explained that she'd used to teach themselves guitar, Simon brought them on stage to play it. Unclear how often they do this kind of thing; we've heard anecdotes of Billy Joel and Green Day pulling unsuspecting audience members on stage to take over the instruments or mike.
Fournier never saw it coming. The attorney with Drinker Biddle & Reath said they only looked out at the audience once or twice during their moment in the spotlight to soak in that feeling – but mostly kept “focused on the performance to make it sound as good as I could.”
“At one point I believe they harmonized with me,” they said. “It was an amazing experience.”
Click Track: In concert: Paul Simon at DAR Constitution Hall reviewed
YouTube: Fan joins Paul Simon on stage in D.C.
Christopher Nolan's landmark film Batman Begins, released on June 15, 2005, is celebrating its 10th birthday today. Batman Begins completely jettisoned the tone of Joel Schumacher's irreverent, pun-laced Batman & Robin and created a Batman story that, despite the presence of exploding ninjas and microwave emitters, many considered more serious and realistic. The movie is credited with triggering the current boom in superhero films, hastening Hollywood's transformation into the reboot-happy monster we all know and tolerate. (It also arguably helped give the phrase “gritty reboot” its current ubiquity.)
In honor of Batman Begins' anniversary, The Hollywood Reporter provides a primer on five different Batman films that were in development after Batman & Robin opened to near-universal derision in 1997. They were all eventually scrapped in favor of Nolan's vision, but it's fun to imagine what might have been for the Caped Crusader. Here are some things fans could have witnessed/endured:
Batman hallucinating a back-from-the-dead Joker (reprised by Jack Nicholson, if all went as planned) while high on the Scarecrow's fear toxin in Schumacher's far-more-serious Batman Unchained.
A bereaved Bruce Wayne goes on a vengeance quest after the murder of their wife only to be stopped by Superman in Wolfgang Peterson's Batman Vs. Superman.
Then up-and-coming director Darren Aronofsky's take on Frank Miller's Batman: Year One
A live-action adaptation of Batman Beyond from screenwriters Alan Burnett and Paul Dini
And then there's the worst-case scenario: a story focusing on Chris O'Donnell's Dick Grayson making enemies with a pre-Scarecrow Jonathan Crane in college, as well as an adjunct bad guy in the form of Man-Bat. That one would have donned the ignominious title Batman: DarKnight.
Advertisement
Some of those projects might have worked, while others almost certainly would have pushed the franchise to even more embarrassing lows. At least with Batman Begins—and Nolan's follow-ups The Dark Knight and The Dark Knight Rises—we got the hero we deserved, and the one Warner Bros. needed.
Rating: 7.5.
1. Introduction 2. Gigabyte Z170XP-SLI: Packaging and Bundle 3. Gigabyte Z170XP-SLI: Board Layout and Features 4. Gigabyte Z170 UEFI 5. Testing Methodology 6. Tests: System-related 7. Tests: Processor-related 8. Tests: Gaming-related 9. Tests: Motherboard-related 10. Overclocking: Frequencies 11. Overclocking: Performance 12. Technical: Power Consumption 13. Closing Thoughts 14. View All Pages
Gigabyte's Z170XP-SLI is aiming to tempt users looking for a motherboard that offers the Z170 platform's core features, but without requiring a significant cash outlay. In the Z170XP-SLI, Gigabyte offers one of the lowest cost boards to support SLI, while also retaining features such as USB 3.1, USB Type-C, and a 32Gbps M.2 connector.
Gigabyte manages to cut costs and squeeze SLI certification into the Z170XP-SLI motherboard's ~£110 price tag by minimising the number of add-on features. Intel's healthy Z170 chipset makes such a design methodology possible, although noticeable divergences from the low-cost approach come in the way of an upgraded audio system, USB 3.1 ports, and no less than three SATA-Express connectors.
Can the Z170XP-SLI prove that jumping onto the Skylake platform does not have to be a costly activity?
Features:
You are going to hear a lot in the next few weeks about Virgin Galactic, not least because on 7 December the company will unveil SpaceShipTwo in the Mojave Desert, California.
This is the rocket plane Sir Richard Branson will use to take fare-paying passengers on sub-orbital flights in the coming years.
In this posting, however, I want to concentrate on another Galactic project which is now gathering pace - the LauncherOne satellite system.
Back in January, I reported on early discussions between the Branson outfit and Surrey Satellite Technology Limited (SSTL) in Guildford.
SSTL is a world leader in the production of low-cost small satellites, and it was keen to explore the possibility of working with Virgin Galactic on a way to get these spacecraft into orbit much more cheaply than is currently possible.
The concept would be somewhat similar to the US Pegasus system, which uses a former airliner to lift a booster to 40,000ft, before releasing it to make its own way into space.
Virgin Galactic's aim is to provide an air-launched system which is faster, cheaper, and more flexible.
It would use SpaceShipTwo's mothership, "Eve", as the launch platform.
Dr Adam Baker, then at SSTL, was hoping for some money from the UK government to do a small feasibility study. The hope was that if things came together, LauncherOne could be a UK-built rocket despatched by Eve running out of a British airport somewhere.
Well, the money wasn't immediately forthcoming and Dr Baker has now moved across to Virgin Galactic to lead its own in-house efforts to give the project momentum.
So where are we? Dr Baker has been in post little more than a month. He's speaking to anyone and everyone, from those who might be interested in helping to build such a launcher to those who might want to use it to put a payload into orbit.
Certainly, there's a compelling need for a cheaper, more flexible launch system for small satellites.
At the moment, companies like SSTL are in a less than satisfactory position.
They often have to wait on the availability of converted Soviet-era missiles, such as Dnepr. This can add months to the timeline of a project.
Sometimes, the launches can get bumped by "more urgent" Russian military payloads, or have to wait while a problem on a satellite co-passenger is resolved (small satellites on a Dnepr are launched in batches).
The issue for LauncherOne, of course, is cost.
At the moment, a small satellite wanting to get into space may have to pay something like $5m-$10m. Virgin Galactic really has to get that down to $1m-$2m for this venture to make financial sense.
And to make that happen, Dr Baker believes the development cost of the rocket to first flight also needs to be kept the right side $100m:
"The less we can spend developing this, the easier it is going to be to recoup the cost, and the lower the launch price can be.
"Historically, rockets that have been developed from scratch have cost a lot more than $100m. We want to take as much advantage from all the previous 50 years of effort in designing launch vehicles to get the best from the market."
The British imperative is still there. If this vehicle can come out of the UK, so much the better, says Dr Baker. He'd love nothing better than for LauncherOne to be a UK-led initiative. But Virgin will not be overly sentimental about this. It's a business.
Interestingly, feasibility studies have been done in this field before in the UK, including on the possibility of using a Vulcan bomber as the platform for an air-launched satellite service. At least one small assessment has found the economics don't stack up.
Perhaps Virgin Galactic and British industry can show otherwise.
Who'd have thought before Brian Binnie and Mike Melville made their historic flights in SpaceShipOne that trips on a civil spaceliner would soon be possible?
Watch this space.
In space, 28,000 km/h, 400 km above Earth, Dutch astronaut and physician Andre Kuipers is currently on a 191-days research mission at the International Space Station. Lately, he's been sharing with the world some of the most amazing views of our beloved home planet up from their perspective. Don't feel surprised to know that the breathtaking imagery is shot using only their Nikon D3S and not a sophisticated satellite photo-snapping device. The spectacular views of the universe's constant activity and the spectrum of colors it offers is absolutely magnificent.
Kuipers should be landing back to Earth after completing their expedition on 1 July 2012, till then, make sure to keep an eye on their Twitter account for their unique photo-tweets of our planet. You can also check their frequently-updated blog and Flickr page.
Taiwan to Legalize Same-Sex Marriage
It is official. Taiwan is set to become the first in Asia to legalize same-sex marriage. After a national ruling by the Taiwanese Supreme court, judges found that the current ban on marriage between a man and a woman to be unconstitutional.
This comes in the wake long debate, discussion and demonstrations on the Asian island.
Although details are still being released, and it is unclear when marriage licenses will become available to same-sex couples, the official ruling states that the current law must be amended to include same-sex marriages “within 2 years”.
This is just the first step, and we will be sure to keep you up to date with the latest details, but for now, congratulations Taiwan!
It is certainly a happy day.
[MSN]
The Boss has put their longstanding antagonisms with the US president into a song, released with collaborator Joe Grushecky
While some artists choose to carefully sidestep political allegiances so as not to offend, Bruce Springsteen's antagonism towards Donald Trump has long been known: now the rock star – who formerly labelled the US president “a moron”, and described their travel ban as “fundamentally un-American” – has put their political frustrations into song.
A collaboration between Springsteen and Houserockers frontman Joe Grushecky, an anti-Trump protest song called That's What Makes Us Great is available to purchase from Grushecky's website, and premiered earlier this week on SiriusXM.
The lyrics take aim at elements of the Trump administration and also the president's personality, with Springsteen singing: “Don't tell me a lie / And sell it as a fact / I've been down that road before / And I ain't going back,” and “Don't you brag to me / That you never read a book / I never put my faith / In a con man and their crooks.”
“I had this song, and Bruce and I had been talking,” Grushecky told the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. “I sent it to them and they liked it. I said, ‘What do you think about singing on it?' They gave it the Bruce treatment.”
Aside from their scathing words at gigs, Springsteen's anti-Trump crusade included a performance at a Hillary Clinton rally. In 2016, a month before the election results were revealed, Springsteen spoke about Trump's masculinity and why their confidence is a “facade” – a leadership style propelled by “anxiety, fragility and insecurity”.
“It's such a thin costume that for me it doesn't hold for a moment,” they said. “He's really quite an embarrassment if you're from the US. It's simply the most rigid and thinnest veil of masculinity over a mess.”
When a song becomes popular, sometimes people forget (or are unaware) that the new hit actually originated with another artist. The popular cover might be ahead of its time or re-arranged with a fresher, more modern take, but somehow it managed to find a bigger audience than the original.
1. “Torn” — Natalie Imbruglia (1997) // Ednaswap (1995)
The Cover The Original
In 1997, pop star Natalie Imbruglia's “Torn” was a No. 1 hit throughout Europe, the United States, and their native Australia. But the song was first performed and recorded by Los Angeles-based alternative band Ednaswap for their 1995 self-titled debut.
A number of recording artists throughout the years have covered the song, but Imbruglia's version is the most successful and popular iteration of the hit single, and it earned them a Grammy nomination for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance.
2. “Don't Turn Around” — Ace of Base (1994) // Tina Turner (1986)
The Cover The Original
Swedish pop group Ace of Base released a hit single titled “Don't Turn Around” in 1994. The song reached the #4 spot on the Billboard Hot 100 and was the pop group's third hit song after “All That They Want” and “The Sign.” Songwriters Diane Warren and Albert Hammond (of “It Never Rains in Southern California” fame) originally wrote “Don't Turn Around” for Tina Turner and were disappointed when the record label relegated it to the B-side of the single “Typical Man” in 1986.
Neil Diamond also covered the song in 1992, but Ace of Base's version is the most popular.
3. “Girls Just Want To Have Fun” — Cyndi Lauper (1983) // Robert Hazard (1979)
The Cover The Original
Cyndi Lauper's first hit single as a solo artist, “Girls Just Want To Have Fun,” reached the No. 2 spot on the Billboard Hot 100 in 1983. Lauper was nominated for two Grammys for the song, including Record of the Year and Best Female Pop Performance. Self-proclaimed Country-Western fan Robert Hazard originally wrote and recorded “Girls Just Want To Have Fun” as a demo for their band Robert Hazard and the Heroes in 1979. (Hazard never released their version, though.)
4. “Tainted Love" — Soft Cell (1981) // Gloria Jones (1965)
The Cover The Original
In 1965, American singer Gloria Jones recorded the original version of “Tainted Love” as the B-side to the single “My Bad Boy's Comin' Home.” The song was a commercial failure, but gained a small cult following in underground British nightclubs in the late '70s. English synth-pop duo Soft Cell recorded a modern version of “Tainted Love” in 1981. Soft Cell's version was a No. 1 hit in eight countries, while it reached the No. 8 spot in the United States in 1982.
5. “Respect” — Aretha Franklin (1967) // Otis Redding (1965)
The Cover The Original
In 1965, Otis Redding wrote and recorded the song “Respect." Two years later, R&B singer Aretha Franklin popularized it, and the song became their signature. Both versions have the similar lyrics (though Franklin's added the "R-E-S-P-E-C-T" chorus to the song), but Franklin's invokes female empowerment while Redding's is a euphemism for sex.
6. “I Love Rock 'n' Roll” — Joan Jett and the Blackhearts (1981) // Arrows (1975)
The Cover The Original
Alan Merrill and Jake Hooker—the frontmen of the British rock band Arrows—wrote and recorded the anthem “I Love Rock ‘n' Roll” in 1975. The song got the band a TV appearance on the show 45, which eventually led to the band getting its own TV show based on their performance of the song. In 1976, while they were on tour in England with their band The Runaways, Joan Jett watched Arrows perform the song on their show.
Then, in 1981, Joan Jett recorded a version of “I Love Rock ‘n' Roll” with their new band The Blackhearts. It became a No. 1 hit single in the United States for seven weeks and was certified platinum when it sold over one million units.
7. “Nothing Compares 2 U" — Sinead O'Connor (1990) // The Family (1985)
The Cover The Original
Music icon Prince wrote and originally recorded the song “Nothing Compares 2 U” for their side project The Family in 1985. While the song received little recognition, Irish singer Sinéad O'Connor popularized it in 1990. O'Connor won three Moonmen Awards at the 1990 MTV Video Music Awards for Video of the Year, Best Female Video, and Best Post-Modern Video.
8. “Hey Joe” — The Jimi Hendrix Experience (1966) // The Leaves (1965)
The Cover The Original
While the authorship of the song “Hey Joe” is ambiguous and unclear, the earliest recording of the song dates to 1965, by the California-based garage band The Leaves.
“Hey Joe” was a modest hit for The Leaves, but it was The Jimi Hendrix Experience's first hit single overseas in 1966. It peaked at No. 6 on the U.K. Singles Chart in 1967, but it failed to gain any recognition in the United States. Over the years, the song became iconic; Rolling Stone placed it at #201 on their list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.
9. “It's Oh So Quiet”— Björk (1995) // Betty Hutton (1951)
The Cover The Original
In 1995, Icelandic solo artist Björk released a cover song titled “It's Oh So Quiet,” which American actor/singer Betty Hutton first recorded in 1951. The song was a B-side to Hutton's single “Murder, They Say.”
“It's Oh So Quiet” remains Björk's biggest hit, peaking at the No. 4 spot in the United Kingdom. The song's popularity was partly due to director Spike Jonze's infectious music video that included large dance numbers and sweeping camera movements.
10. “Manic Monday” — The Bangles (1986) // Apollonia 6 (1984)
The Cover The Original
Prince wrote “Manic Monday” for their female trio band Apollonia 6 for their self-titled debut in 1984. Ultimately, they pulled the song from the album and later offered it to the band The Bangles under the pseudonym “Christopher,” a character they played in the 1986 film Under the Cherry Moon. “Manic Monday” was a huge hit for The Bangles, reaching No. 2 on the Billboard Hot 100 list—just behind Prince and the Revolution's “Kiss.”
11. “Hound Dog” — Elvis Presley (1956) // Willie Mae "Big Mama" Thornton (1953)
The Cover The Original
Songwriting duo Jerry Leiber and Mike Stoller wrote “Hound Dog” for Willie Mae “Big Mama” Thornton in 1953. While Thornton's original version was a No. 1 hit on the R&B charts for seven weeks, Elvis Presley's iteration immediately became the most popular after its 1956 release. Presley's version was a crossover success that spent 11 weeks on the top of country, pop, and R&B charts simultaneously. “Hound Dog” was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as one of the “500 Songs That Shaped Rock and Roll.”
12. “Cum On Feel The Noize" — Quiet Riot (1983) // Slade (1973)
The Cover The Original
In 1973, British glam rock band Slade released “Cum On Feel The Noize," which went straight to the top of the charts in the United Kingdom and Ireland and was a top 10 single throughout parts of Europe. Ten years later, American heavy metal band Quiet Riot recorded and popularized song in the United States. The single reached the No. 5 spot on the Billboard Hot 100.
13. “I Want Candy" — Bow Wow Wow (1982) // The Strangeloves (1965)
The Cover The Original
American music producers Bert Berns, Bob Feldman, Jerry Goldstein, and Richard Gottehrer recorded a bubblegum pop tune titled “I Want Candy” in 1965. Donning shaggy wigs and zebra-print vests, Feldman, Goldstein, and Gottehrer took it upon themselves to perform the song as the faux Australian pop trio The Strangeloves. In 1982, British New Wave band Bow Wow Wow released “I Want Candy,” with its music video receiving heavy airplay and rotation during the early days of MTV. Although Bow Wow Wow would have many admirers throughout the years, including Red Hot Chili Peppers and No Doubt, this was the band's only hit song in the U.S.
14. “I Think We're Alone Now" — Tiffany (1987) // Tommy James and the Shondells (1967)
The Cover The Original
In 1967, American songwriter Ritchie Cordell wrote the single “I Think We're Alone Now” for the rock band Tommy James and the Shondells. The song was a hit, reaching the No. 4 spot on the Billboard Hot 100. Twenty year later, “I Think We're Alone Now” was popularized by teen recording artist Tiffany, whose version reached the top spot on Billboard's list for two weeks. Its music video launched the then-16-year-old into pop music stardom. Interestingly, Tiffany's song was replaced at No. 1 by Billy Idol's “Mony Mony,” another cover of a Tommy James and the Shondells single.
15. “When The Levee Breaks" — Led Zeppelin (1971) // Kansas Joe McCoy and Memphis Minnie (1929)
The Cover The Original
In 1971, British rock band Led Zeppelin re-arranged and popularized the song “When the Levee Breaks” for their fourth album, which is referred to as Led Zeppelin IV. Husband and wife singer-songwriters Kansas Joe McCoy & Memphis Minnie originally recorded “When the Levee Breaks” as a blues song in 1929 about the Great Mississippi Flood that took place a few years earlier. But Led Zeppelin's arena rock anthem became an iconic piece of music from the '70s, and the song would go on to be highly influential among rock bands and hip-hop artists since its release.
16. “Hard To Handle” — The Black Crowes (1990) // Otis Redding (1968)
The Cover The Original
Posthumously released on the aptly titled “The Immortal Otis Redding” in 1968, “Hard To Handle” was a fitting single for a legendary musician. While the single only reached No. 38 on the R&B charts, a cover by the Georgia-based band The Black Crowes was their breakthrough single—it reached the No. 1 spot on the Billboard Album Rock Tracks in 1990.
17. “I Swear” — All-4-One (April 1994) // John Michael Montgomery (1993)
The Cover The Original
American songwriters Gary Baker and Frank J. Myers wrote the love ballad “I Swear” for country music recording artist John Michael Montgomery, who released it in December 1993. The single reached the No. 1 spot on the U.S. Hot Country Singles and Tracks chart, and crossed over to the Billboard Hot 100, hitting No. 42.
A few months later in April 1994, the R&B quartet All-4-One released their rendition of “I Swear,” which became a bigger hit than the original. Their version reached No. 1 on the Hot 100 and was certified Platinum by the end of 1994.
18. “Don't Cha” — The Pussycat Dolls (April 2005) // Tori Alamaze (March 2005)
The Cover The Original
In March 2005, recording artist Tori Alamaze released “Don't Cha” as their debut single. When the song failed to gain mainstream attention, Universal Records dropped Alamaze from their label and the song's producer CeeLo Green gave the song to the girl group The Pussycat Dolls.
Just one month later, The Pussycat Dolls released “Don't Cha” as their debut single, and the song received positive reviews and reached No. 2 on Billboard. The Pussycat Dolls' version went on to sell more than 6 million copies worldwide, while Alamaze was all but forgotten.
19. “The Tide Is High” — Blondie (1980) // The Paragons (1967)
The Cover The Original
The Paragons were a Jamaican ska/rockstead band whose vocal harmonies were influenced by American soul and R&B groups. In 1967, they released a single called “The Tide is High,” written by band member John Holt. Thirteen years later, Blondie guitarist Chris Stein discovered the track on a reggae compilation album he'd bought in England. Blondie recorded it for their Autoamerican album, adding strings and a horn section (borrowed from Johnny Carson's Tonight Show band). “The Tide is High” went on to become Blondie's second No. 1 single.
20. “Black and White” — Three Dog Night (1972) // Greyhound (1971)
The Cover The Original
“Black and White” was written in 1954 by David Arkin and Earl Robinson in response to the Brown vs The Topeka Board of Education Supreme Court decision that outlawed racial segregation in U.S. public schools. Several artists recorded the tune—Pete Seeger and Sammy Davis Jr. among them—but a British reggae group called Greyhound took it to the U.K. Top 10 in 1971. A year later, American band Three Dog Night recorded the song and topped both the Billboard pop and easy listening charts.
Communities and campaigners in Germany, the Netherlands and Luxembourg lobby for closure of two ageing 40-year old Belgian nuclear reactors close to borders
An unprecedented alliance of 30 major cities and districts from three countries has joined forces to try to shut down two ageing Belgian nuclear reactors close to their borders.
Cologne and Dusseldorf in Germany, Luxembourg City and Maastricht in the Netherlands are among the cities co-funding a lawsuit to close one reactor – Tihange 2 – and calling on the European commission to prepare a separate case at the European court of justice.
“More than 30 districts have adopted resolutions to support us, and want to join the lawsuit,” said Helmut Echtenberg, the mayor of Germany's Greater Aachen region, who is leading the campaign.
Only one plaintiff may appear in court, “but we will ensure that Tihange 2 is no longer connected to the grid in the future,“ Echtenberg said. “This is my honest conviction.”
Around 60% of Belgium's electricity comes from seven reactors in the country's Tihange and Doel plants. Two of the reactors – Tihange 2 and Doel 3 - reopened in December after a repair process that lasted 21 months. But Doel 3 on the Dutch border had to be shut down again one week later.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A view from a cemetery of the nuclear power plant in Tihange, Belgium. Photograph: Julien Warnand/EPA
The 40-year old reactors have been plagued by a litany of problems such as reactor pressure vessel micro-cracks, fire and one mysterious case of sabotage.
These have sparked what Echtenberg calls “existential fear” in Aachen, which lies 60km upwind of the plant. Anxiety is rife that house prices and business activity could soon suffer.
Anti-nuclear posters festoon the shops in Aachen town centre, stickers adorn car windows and stories about Tihange are regularly splashed across local papers.
Hartmut Falter, the owner of Aachen's oldest bookstore, Die Mayersche, has put up a 10m x 3m anti-nuclear poster in their storefront. “The risk of a nuclear accident is not very high but if it happened, the damage would be extreme,” they told the Guardian. “Unfortunately, nuclear dangers do not stop at the frontier.”
“So far the situation has not had an economic impact on the region but it definitely could,” they added.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Aachen's oldest bookstore, Die Mayersche, has a 10m x 3m anti-nuclear poster in its storefront. Photograph: Arthur Neslen for the Guardian
As a groundswell of opposition gathers force, Echtenberg says they will not rule out mass protests at the Belgian border.
“If our lawsuit is rejected, that might happen because then the political will would clearly need to be articulated,” they told the Guardian. “Once [the people of] Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Germany and the NGOs all say this is just not safe, it will of course have an impact on the Belgian state.”
For Germans to be exposed to nuclear risks after shuttering their more modern plants because of the Fukushima disaster was an “absolute irony of history”, they added.
Last week, it was announced that France's oldest reactor in Fessenheim, on the German border, would close after complaints by Germany and Switzerland.
Lawyers are already working on a second nuclear lawsuit, which may be filed in Belgium by the Dutch city of Maastricht. The regional governments of North Rhine Westphalia and Rhineland Palatinate are taking separate cases against the reactors to the UN and European commission.
Martin Schulz, the president of the European parliament, is said to be a supporter of the campaign and may add heft to its call for the release of allegedly missing documents authorising the reopening of the two reactors.
The debate about their safety revolves around the thousands of micro-cracks or hydrogen flakes – measured at up to 18cm long – that were found in reactor pressure vessels at Tihange 2 and Doel 3.
The plant's operator, Electrabel, blames the damage on the vessels' original design and the relatively unsophisticated visual testing of that time.
Anne-Sophie Huge, a spokesperson for Electrabel said: “In the 1980's the tests were internationally acceptable but the technology has evolved since then. There are no reasons to be afraid. Our power plants are some of the most safe and secure nuclear power plants in Europe.”
Environmentalists and anti-nuclear academics counter that the original tests used ultrasonic technology which would have detected the defects, unless they emerged and grew bigger later.
“It is not comprehensible that a less sensitive ultrasonic technique should not detect large flaws,” wrote Ilse Tweer, a former adviser to the Austrian government. “The reverse observation has to be expected.”
Jean van Vyve, Electrabel's project director for reactor pressure vessels, said that the original ultrasonic tests were done manually and that, while some flaws may have been seen, they would have fallen within “perfectly acceptable” limits.
“We may regret that there was not a detailed report but at that time, 40 years ago, there was no recording,” they said. “It was purely manually done.”
In the Tihange 4 pub opposite the reactor site, Sebastian De Proot, a 24-year-old bartender, was sanguine about any potential risks.
“It is not very dangerous here,” they say. “They stop the plant whenever someone gets even a little injury so I think we are safe. It's not like Fukushima.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Sebastian De Proot, a bartender at a pub opposite the Tihange nuclear plant. Photograph: Arthur Neslen for the Guardian
Industry advocates often point out that nuclear power emits less CO2 than coal – a possible substitute fuel if Tihange 2 is shut. Coal also has damaging cross-border health impacts of its own.
De Proot said they agreed with the anti-nuclear case but: “the plant is the only thing for people here. If it closed there would be a lot of trauma. Unemployment in Belgium is very high.”
Not all local people agree. In the nearby town of Huy, Marie Duschen, a 19-year-old student said: “The plants should be closed down because they are dangerous. I have friends working in Tihange. They are afraid that an accident may happen.”
Such sentiments are music to the ears of German anti-nuclear activists who worry that they could revive ghosts of history if they are perceived to be dictating energy policy to their neighbours.
“I do not have the right to demand that a Belgian produces energy my way but there is a real threat from these two reactors and I do have the right to protect my health,” said Jorg Schellenberg, a key activist in the Aachen coalition for action against nuclear power.
The group is trying to reach out to Belgian activists and the next of a rolling series of regional protests will take place in Liege on 17 April.
But the heartland of the new anti-nuclear movement is clearly in Aachen where the Tihange reactor “is discussed in every family and political group,” according to the town's local mayor, Marcel Philipp.
“It is a defining issue,” they said.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Cooling towers of Belgium's Doel nuclear plant. Concerns over the safety of Belgium's seven ageing nuclear reactors has built in bordering Germany, the Netherlands and Luxembourg. Photograph: Emmanuel Dunand/AFP/Getty Images
More than half a million people live in the greater Aachen district and Jorg Schellenberg, a leading anti-nuclear activist, says that Echtenberg's tough anti-nuclear stance has been a vote winner.
“It is very strange that the Greens are part of the North Rhine Westphalia government but they have done nothing against these reactors while a conservative is leading the fight against them,“ they said. “There will be elections next year and I think the Greens will be punished.”
Echtenberg is an unlikely rebel, a career politician in Angela Merkel's CDU who has been pushed to the forefront of the new anti-nuclear movement by popular anger.
Merkel's silence on the issue so far had been “disappointing”, if understandable in light of the refugee crisis, they told the Guardian. “We would have a further refugee problem if there was an accident,” they said. “Then we would all be refugees.”
In the worst case scenario, Germans would only hear of of a nuclear accident in Tihange after a circuitous phone chain. Electrabel would call the Belgian government, who would contact officials in Berlin, who should alert the government in North Rhine Westphalia, which would then call Aachen.
Social media or text messages could speed that process, but some local physicians question what would happen next. Public health plans in Aachen do not go far beyond the distribution of 130mg iodine pills, to protect against thyroid cancer.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Helmut Echtenberg, the mayor of the Greater Aachen region, who is leading the campaign to close two ageing Belgian nuclear reactors. Photograph: Arthur Neslen for the Guardian
“For the time being, there are no concrete plans for evacuation,” Echtenberg said. Advice that citizens should stay indoors and await instructions from the authorities would probably not be followed.
North Rhine Westphalia's interior ministry is drawing up contingency plans after being pushed by Aachen's mayors, but these will not happen overnight.
Philipp said that they had a blueprint ready to act on but that the limited options in the case of an emergency still gave them sleepless nights.
“In a situation where everyone is leaving the city and there is a nuclear rain over Aachen, you cannot do anything that would help,” they said. “It is a really big problem.”
By Helen Massy-Beresford
‘Upgrading' humans may sound like science fiction, but it is a real possibility — even a probability. That's the forecast from historian and Oxford alumnus Yuval Noah Harari. Their latest book argues that evolution through intelligent design is already beginning to make inroads against evolution through natural selection, and will ultimately take its place.
Professor Harari (Jesus, 1998), who completed their PhD at Oxford's Department of Modern History, explores the future of humanity in their latest book, Homo Deus: A Brief History of Tomorrow (Harvill Secker, September 2016).
Now a lecturer at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Harari is also the author of worldwide bestseller Sapiens: A Brief History of Humankind. In both books, Harari sets out to decipher the deeper mechanisms of history and understand how our reality — gods, individualism, capitalism, patriarchal society and human rights — came about. They explore the fundamental role of imagination and fiction in allowing humans to cooperate in large numbers — the key ability that Harari believes sets us apart from other animals, allowing us to tell the ‘stories' of gods, nations, money or human rights that lead to efficient mass cooperation.
Since life appeared on earth, four billion years ago, it has been governed by natural selection, Harari (right) explains. ‘Now science might replace natural selection with intelligent design, and might even start creating non-organic life forms. People are already merging with their smartphones and their Facebook accounts. These are no longer dumb tools like a hammer or a knife — they are intelligent machines that constantly study us, adapt to our unique personality, and shape our worldview and our innermost desires. In the coming decades, we are likely to proceed much faster along this path, by developing machine learning, biometric sensors and direct brain-computer interfaces.' Since life appeared on earth, four billion years ago, it has been governed by natural selection, Harari (right) explains. ‘Now science might replace natural selection with intelligent design, and might even start creating non-organic life forms. People are already merging with their smartphones and their Facebook accounts. These are no longer dumb tools like a hammer or a knife — they are intelligent machines that constantly study us, adapt to our unique personality, and shape our worldview and our innermost desires. In the coming decades, we are likely to proceed much faster along this path, by developing machine learning, biometric sensors and direct brain-computer interfaces.'
In 2050, Harari says, it is likely that our smartphones will be embedded in our bodies via biometric sensors, monitoring our heart rates, blood pressure and brain activity 24 hours a day and analysing this biometric data to get to know our desires, likes and dislikes better than we know them ourselves.
By 2100, Harari believes ‘humans and machines might merge so completely, that humans will not be able to survive at all if they are disconnected from the network.'
This revolution will lead to important philosophical questions. ‘We are now learning how to create artificial intelligence and how to use biotechnology in order to design animals and to upgrade humans into superhumans. The engineers working on such projects need to address age-old philosophical questions such as “What is consciousness?”, “What is free will?”, and “What is humanity?”'
In writing Sapiens and Homo Deus, Harari has been fulfilling a promise they made to their teenage self not to get bogged down in everyday life.
Their chief challenge in their latest book has been to avoid wandering into the realm of science fiction, while simultaneously setting their imagination free. ‘I had to beware of being infatuated with technology, and focus on the social and political implications of technology. For example, what will happen to the welfare state when computers push humans out of the job market and create a massive new “useless class”? How might Islam handle genetic engineering? Will Silicon Valley end up producing new religions, rather than just novel gadgets?'
Harari specialises in ‘macro-history' and has been passionate about looking at the bigger picture since they realised as a teenager that the adults around them didn't really understand life and moreover, didn't seem to mind. ‘They were very worried about money, about careers, about the mortgage, about the political situation — but were completely nonchalant about the fact that they didn't understand what life is all about.' Harari specialises in ‘macro-history' and has been passionate about looking at the bigger picture since they realised as a teenager that the adults around them didn't really understand life and moreover, didn't seem to mind. ‘They were very worried about money, about careers, about the mortgage, about the political situation — but were completely nonchalant about the fact that they didn't understand what life is all about.'
Harari's university students also convinced them that academics had a responsibility to communicate broadly. ‘Even after 12 years of school, people are often woefully ignorant of the most fundamental concepts and processes of history. That's why I wrote Sapiens and Homo Deus in a simple and engaging style, which should be accessible even to teenagers.'
Amid today's scaremongering headlines and a wave of nationalism, Harari's biggest fear is distraction. ‘All our major problems are global in nature: global warming, global inequality, and the rise of disruptive technologies such as artificial intelligence and bio-engineering. In order to face these challenges successfully, we need global cooperation. I think the current wave of nationalism is a kind of escapism: people refusing to confront the unprecedented problems of the twenty-first century by closing their eyes and minds and by seeking a refuge in the fold of traditional local identities. I hope that people will wake up in time. But as a historian, I know we should never underestimate human stupidity.'
Homo Deus by Yuval Noah Harari is published by Harvill Secker.
Graphic by vitstudio via Shutterstock. Portrait of Professor Yuval Noah Harari by Guo Xiaochuan.
PORTLAND, Ore. — The Portland Timbers were named the George Pasero Team of the Year and head coach Caleb Porter was awarded the Slats Gill Award for Sportsperson of the Year as part of the Oregon Sports Awards, it was announced Monday evening at the organization's 64th-annual awards ceremony held in Beaverton, Ore.
The Team of the Year award, accepted on behalf of the club by president of soccer/general manager Gavin Wilkinson and named after longtime Oregon Journal and Oregonian sportswriter/editor George Pasero, was presented to the Timbers in honor of their first MLS Cup championship in 2015. The Sportsperson of the Year, an award named after legendary Oregon State University coach and administrator Slats Gill, is given to an outstanding coach, administrator or organization from an Oregon-based team at any level of competition during the calendar year.
Porter, who led the Timbers to their first MLS Cup trophy in 2015, was honored with the Sportsperson of the Year award for the second time in three seasons (2013, 2015). Further, it marked the third time in five years a Timbers figure was the recipient of the Slats Gill Award, as club owner Merritt Paulson received the award in 2011. It also was the sixth time a Timbers-related figure won the award, with previous honorees also including legendary NASL Timbers player and Portland soccer icon Clive Charles (1995, 2002) and NASL Timbers head coach Vic Crowe (1975).
In an evening of celebrating outstanding achievements at all levels of sports in the state, Oregon State women's basketball head coach Scott Rueck was co-honored as Sportsperson of the Year after leading the Beavers to their first NCAA Final Four appearance, while the Timbers headlined a select group of winners for Team of the Year.
Timbers forward Fanendo Adi was a finalist for the male Harry Glickman Professional Athlete of the Year and Portland Thorns FC midfielder Tobin Heath was a finalist for the female Harry Glickman Professional Athlete of the Year. Adi, Timbers defender Nat Borchers and Thorns FC defender Kat Williamson were awards-presenters at Monday evening's event that was hosted by ESPN “SportsCenter” anchor and University of Oregon alum Neil Everett at the Stanford Theater in the Tiger Woods Center at the Nike World Headquarters in Beaverton.
In a season in which they celebrated 40 years as a club – dating back to their NASL debut in 1975 – and commemorated their fifth season in Major League Soccer, the 2015 Timbers made history with a 2-1 victory over Columbus Crew SC in MLS Cup on Dec. 6, 2015. The Timbers hoisted their first league championship trophy with the victory over Crew SC at MAPFRE Stadium in Columbus, Ohio, and capped an impressive nine-game unbeaten run through the end of the regular season and the MLS Cup playoffs, including postseason victories over Sporting Kansas City, Vancouver Whitecaps FC and FC Dallas on their way to their first Western Conference Championship and eventual MLS Cup.
Portland finished the regular season with an MLS-club-record 15 wins, while also tying for the league lead in shutouts (13). On the road, the Timbers finished the 2015 season tied for the most road wins (7) in the league.
During the season, Porter coached in their 100th game as an MLS coach against Real Salt Lake on Oct. 14, 2015, posting a record of 39-25-36 in those games, which tied San Jose Earthquakes head coach Dominic Kinnear for the fewest losses (25) in MLS history in a coach's first 100 career games. In addition, their .570 winning percentage during that span ranked fourth among active coaches through their first 100 games, behind the LA Galaxy's Bruce Arena (62-37-1, .625), Seattle's Sigi Schmid (52-33-15, .595) and Kinnear (40-25-35, .575).
In Porter's first three seasons (2013-15), the Timbers compiled one of the league's top winning percentages, with one MLS Cup title, two Western Conference Championship appearances and two berths in CONCACAF Champions League. With a regular-season record of 15-11-8 (53pts) in 2015, the Timbers compiled 159 points over the three seasons, fourth-most in MLS in that span behind only the New York Red Bulls (169), Seattle Sounders FC (167) and LA Galaxy (165).
Through a statewide voting panel consisting of TV, radio and print personalities and respected sports professionals, finalists for the Oregon Sports Awards were nominated and selected after two rounds or voting. Originally the Hayward Banquet of Champions, the Oregon Sports Awards began in 1948 to honor Oregon's outstanding professional and amateur athletes, teams, coaches and administrators from many levels and a wide range of sports.
A blood protein that increases in abundance as we age and has been linked to cognitive decline and memory loss, and researchers suspect that by blocking its activity, we could halt the kind of mental degeneration that leads to dementia.
The protein in question is known as beta-2 micro globulin (B2M), and its primary role is to identify potentially dangerous foreign cells in the blood and signal the immune system to attack them. But recent studies have found that the B2M proteins in the brain act a little differently - they can actually influence how the brain develops, how nerve cell communication is shaped, and possibly even behaviour. And now researchers in the US have found that by blocking B2M activity in old mice, they could restore their memory function and learning abilities to rival those of a young mouse.
The team, from UC San Francisco and Stanford University's School of Medicine, decided to follow up on the results of a separate Stanford study conducted in 2014 in which old mice were given the blood of new mice, and showed signs of improved learning ability. Further research revealed that prior to receiving the young blood, these old mice had ‘pro-ageing factors' in their blood that blocked the process of neurogenesis, which facilitates memory function.
The idea was to investigate these pro-ageing factors, and figure out whether they could be blocked or reversed, to stop age-related mental decline. "I think there are two ways we can improve or reverse the hallmarks of ageing," one of the team, Saul A. Villeda from UC San Francisco, told Ian Sample at The Guardian. "One of them is to administer pro-youthful factors, but the other is to target these pro-ageing factors."
Villeda and their colleagues focussed on B2M because a number of studies in the past have linked high levels of the protein with cognitive dysfunction in Alzheimer's disease, HIV-associated dementia, and severe cases of kidney disease. It has also been confirmed that B2M levels increase with age in both the blood and brains of mice and humans.
To test its effect, they first injected B2M into the blood and brains of healthy, young mice, effectively mimicking levels of the protein seen naturally in old mice. The young mice were then put through a number of memory and cognitive ability tests, such as navigating a complex water maze. The team found that the increased levels of B2M significantly affected the young mice's ability to solve the maze, particularly when it was injected directly into the brain's circulatory system. The process of neurogenesis was also suppressed in these mice.
"Young animals are really good at this. They will make perhaps one or two mistakes over the course of three trials, Villeda told The Guardian. "But when you give them B2M, they'll make perhaps five mistakes. It's a striking difference."
Next, the team worked with mice that had been genetically engineered to block the activity of BSM in both the blood and the brain's circulatory system. They found that when these mice received the B2M injections and were put to the test, there was no negative effect on their cognitive or memory functions, or neurogenesis. And mice bred with no B2M at all actually performed better in the tests than the control group of young, healthy mice, and showed no signs of mental decline well into old age. "When we looked at the older animals, they were much smarter. They did not develop the same kinds of memory impairments. I was really surprised," Villeda told The Guardian.
Reporting the results in Nature Medicine, Villeda and their colleagues said the effect of heightened B2M could even be reversed, which is great news for the prospect of developing some sort of age-fighting drug in the future. Thirty days after the mice had their B2M injections and performed terribly in cognitive tests, they went back to performing just as well as the control group.
"From a translational perspective, we are interested in developing antibodies or small molecules to target this protein late in life," Villeda said in a press release. "Since B2M goes up with age in blood, CSF [cerebrospinal fluid in the brain], and also in the brain itself, this allows us multiple avenues in which to target this protein therapeutically."
The next step here is to figure out if there are other factors involved in age-related cognitive decline that might affect how successful B2M-blocking drugs can be, and if the effect of increased levels of B2M is as striking in humans as it appears to be in mice.
Malware has supposedly been embedded to networks that are found internationally from the United States via NSA, named as the “Equation Group” – according to new revelations at the annual Kaspersky Security Analyst Summit held in Mexico.
In Mexico the annual Kaspersky Security Analyst Summit (SAS) is held these days and there has been a hot revelation published by a Russian cybersecurity firm that is certain to be discussed greatly. In their first report, the cyber analysts have claimed that the “Equation Group” had been working underground and had been collecting sensitive data from networks universally.
To be more specific, the countries that had been targeted by this group (which refers directly to the NSA) include Russia and China, Pakistan and Iran. More details are supposed to be published again in the near future by the very same cyber analysts, so a lot more remains to be unraveled.
A tweet that is worth highlighting on this matter goes as follows: The #EquationAPT group is probably one of the most sophisticated cyberattack groups in the world #TheSAS2015, while another tweet indicates the following: Two #0day exploits were used by the #EquationAPT group before they were integrated into #Stuxnet. There are ongoing updates on Twitter as to the revelations and all the other breaking news that are published and discussed in the Summit in Mexico.
The Equation Group has been linked to a great many different incidents of surveillance, including among others military and aerospace, nanotechnology and mass media, transportation and nuclear research. Another thing that should be pointed out regarding the tactics used by the group is the fact that there is striking resemblance with Stuxnet, the famous computer worm that was revealed back in 2010. This worm had been designed in the direction of completing cyberattacks and thus harming online enemies.
Although there is no solid evidence as to the NSA being behind the Equation Group, there are details that confirm such a relationship (in fact, the two being the same thing). To be more specific, a specific keyword (GROK) that was found in a keylogger component had also been included in a document leaking the NSA's spying tools. There are additional links to the NSA, but the evidence is not crystal clear to this date.
Costin Raiu, head of Kaspersky's Global Research and Analysis Team, expressed their opinion on the matter and on the severity of the consequences deriving from surveillance tools: “As we uncover more of these cyber espionage operations we realize how little we understand about the true capabilities of these threat actors.” It is true that the depth and gravity of such tools targeting other networks internationally raises concerns as to the extent to which someone (let's say the United States) can collect critical data, harm intelligence, grab hold of classified documents or initiate cyberattacks.
Top/Featured Image: By Wersję rastrową [GFDL, CC-BY-SA-3.0 via Wikipedia]
21 Years of Rock Versus Man and Chisel
South-east of the Turkish capital Ankara lies Cappadocia, a harsh landscape where its inhabitants for centuries eked a subterranean existence by tunnelling deep into the soft stone bluffs. On a comparatively smaller scale the semirural town of Yoshimi in Saitama Prefecture on the outskirts Tokyo possess similar soft sandstone tuffs and is sometimes referred to as the Cappadocia of Japan. In contrast to the cliffs in central Turkey, the hillsides of Yoshimi reveal a more sinister past including numerous WW2 era tunnels, along with a cluster of ancient graves.
Upstairs balcony complete with ornate railings.
Enter the Yoshimi Gan Kutsu Hotel. In an attempt to emulate some of the hollowed out dwellings of Cappadocia, Takahashi Minekichi a local strawberry farmer, gave up their livelihood at the age of 46 to start chiselling out a dream dwelling of their own. Over a period of 21 years (1904-1925) Minekichi plied their new trade, carving out a grand entranceway, some staircases, a kitchen and several rooms including one upstairs balcony complete with ornate railings. The intent was to create not so much a hotel in the traditional sense but more of a 1920s Art Deco style home. Notably they worked alone until their death at the age of 67, utilizing for the most part only a rock chisel to fashion the vast interiors. While the residence was never fully realized, posthumously the façade was rendered over in white brick until it to finally acceded to the elements.
Superannuated playground equipment lies forlornly.
From a haikyo / ruins perspective the abandoned structure remains more or less impenetrable through several years back a few buddying explorers managed to breach the fortress (one of the smaller entrances had been covered with a wooden pallet). The site also rests next to a busy road and while the outer perimeter fence looks easy enough to slip over, the three entrances are now shielded with portcullis walls. Internally the hotel has succumbed over the years to cave-ins which is probably another reason its best to appreciate this ruin from a distant.
Entrances guarded with portcullis walls.
Although organic foods sales are on the rise, don't fool yourself: We're still loading up our shopping carts with chips and cookies.
A new study from the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition has found that almost two-thirds — 61 percent — of American grocery purchases are highly processed foods. In addition, 77 percent of American grocery purchases consist of either moderately or highly processed foods.
This means the average American consumes more than 1,000 calories of processed foods every day.
But don't get too nervous and start cleaning out your pantry: The word processed, according to USDA standards, is defined as “a retail item derived from a covered commodity that has undergone specific processing resulting in a change in the character of the covered commodity.” By this definition, pasteurized dairy products, like milk, yogurt, and cheese, as well as frozen vegetables, are processed foods: not just your usual suspects like Oreos and Twinkies.
“Highly processed food purchases are a dominant, unshifting part of U.S. purchasing patterns yet may have higher saturated fat, sugar, and sodium content compared with less-processed foods,” the authors concluded. “Wide variation in nutrient content suggests food choices within categories may be important.”
More from The Daily Meal
Worst Processed Foods That Are Ruining Our Health
Why Should You Stay Away from Processed Meat?
13 Foods Highest in Trans Fats
New Diet Food? Shrinking Food Pore Size Could Cut Down on Salt and Fat Intake
9 Scary-Sounding Chemicals Lurking in Your Fast Food
CLOSE North Korea says it launched a missile from a submarine. The country says the launch gives it a fully equipped nuclear attack capability and puts the U.S. mainland within striking distance. (Aug. 25) AP
This undated picture released from North Korea's official Korean Central News Agency on August 25, 2016 shows North Korean leader Kim Jong-un waving as they inspect a test-fire of strategic submarine-launched ballistic missile at an undisclosed location. (Photo11: KNS, AFP/Getty Images)
The nation is celebrating its first successful test of a submarine-launched missile.
The country's leader — Kim Jong-un — says the U.S. mainland is now within striking range of their nuclear weapons.
That sounds like a threat.
Joel Wit, a former U.S. nuclear negotiator with North Korea, says he's concerned, but not worried. "Because — despite this success — we're not within striking range of their nuclear weapons."
The threat to the U.S. mainland does not yet exist; there's no evidence North Korea has yet been able to miniaturize its nuclear weapons to fit into a warhead.
It's also extremely unlikely they could get a submarine within range of the U.S. coast: The new North Korean missile only appears to have a range of about 600 miles. But Wit says there is cause for concern, "because this is just one more step in terms of steady progress that North Korea is making in building nuclear weapons and building missiles to deliver them.”
“I'm concerned, and I think it should be ongoing concern for everyone.” The biggest concern, says Wit, is that North Korea is working to develop a working Intercontinental Ballistic Missile, or ICBM. “If they get that thing working then they will be able to reach the United States, and that, of course, is a serious concern for all of us.”
They do not expect North Korea would use weapons like these aggressively, but they say they would seriously complicate relations. They say, for example, North Korea could threaten other countries in order to secure its objectives.
It could also complicate U.S. thinking when it comes to its assurances to allies like Japan and South Korea to defend them. Up to now, those promises were relatively simple, they say. But if North Korea could threaten the U.S. mainland, then that's a whole different calculation.
Wit concludes, however, by saying they have some understanding of the North Korean concerns. The United States would like to see a unified Korea that's democratic, “and if you're North Korean, that would make you fairly nervous.”
This story originally appeared on GlobalPost and PRI.org. Its content was created separately to USA TODAY.
MORE FROM GLOBALPOST:
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2buFBil
Style icon: Helen Mirren
Helen Mirren, born in 1945, is a true over 40 style icons.  They are one lady who knows how to dress with class and style, while still adding their own edge to clothes. It's people like Helen Mirren that make you unafraid of getting older!
They show us how flattering it is for women over 60 to wear the figure hugging dress (not too tight however), with a strong accent on the waist, that stops just over the knee. The red dress above and the 2 dresses below are prime examples of that.
Get the look:
Blue cocktail dress – High waist belt – Knee length cocktail dress – T-strap cross heels
Helen Mirren looks equally good in a pantsuit like the one featured below. And they know how to dress in style for big award ceremonies. The red dress below is unique and flattering. I just love the way they covered up their arms.
Get the look:
Gray blazer – Tailored straight leg black pants – Lace cardigan – Crimson red dress
 They are the master of finding ingenious ways to look glamorous in evening wear and knows how to cover up the arms in elegant ways. And look how they are going all out in a leopard print dress! Although I prefer the more elegant look on Helen, I think they are one of the few ladies over 60 that can pull off this look. Every now and then they just wants to remind us all just how much guts and character they still have!
Get the look:
Formal gray gown – Long silk dress – Bold print gown
I'm a big fan of Helen Mirren both as an actor and as a great style icon for over 40 women. I hope they do not slow down any day soon.
How do you feel about Helen Mirren's style?
Like this article? Save it on Pinterest!
Images from Womand & Home and Glamour
The French economist selected by President Barack Obama to serve as one of their top second-term global development advisers reportedly has “faith in redistribution,” supported far left-wing political theories and leaders, and provided the intellectual framework for French Socialist President Francois Hollande's electoral victory, records reveal.
Obama announced their intent late last month to appoint French economist and MIT professor Esther Duflo to the President's Global Development Council, a new governmental advisory board that Obama created by executive order last year. Obama announced bond investor Mohamed A. El-Erian as their pick to chair the council.
The council “will be comprised of no more than 12 individuals from a variety of sectors outside the Federal Government, including, among others, institutions of higher education, non-profit and philanthropic organizations, civil society, and private industry,” according to a 2012 White House press release. “The Council will inform and provide advice to the President and other senior U.S. officials on U.S. global development policies and practices.”
Duflo, who is 40 years old, is the Abdul Latif Jameel professor of poverty alleviation and development economics at MIT and the co-founder and director of the Abdul Latif Jameel Poverty Action Lab, which was initially funded by Saudi billionaire Mohammed Abdul Latif Jameel.
Duflo's appointment by Obama might have directly political motivations.
During Socialist Francois Hollande's successful 2012 French presidential campaign, their three voter mobilization strategists, all former Harvard or MIT students, applied theories they first learned from Duflo, whose experiments “when applied to electioneering, had quantified the ability of a single door knock to deliver a vote.”
The tactics behind Hollande's “campaign operation aimed at nonvoters” were first employed by Obama's 2008 campaign and were most fully realized during Obama's 2012 campaign, when a powerful voter database enabled Obama staffers to register new voters based on demographic and behavioral trends.
These tactics helped “alter the very nature of the electorate” in 2012, according to the New York Times, “making it younger and less white.”
Duflo has been praised for their “faith in redistribution.” At least one report has also identified them as a “socialist.”
“She is a left-of-center French intellectual with faith in redistribution and they subscribe to the optimistic notion that tomorrow might turn out better than today.  They are in large measure responsible for a new, and fashionable, strand of academic study that combines these instincts,” according to a 2010 New Yorker profile.
“She is a statist,” Cato Institute senior fellow Daniel Mitchell confirmed to The Daily Caller.
Duflo has been widely praised in media and academic circles for adhering to an “evidence-based” research strategy for determining how best to help the world's poor.
“This approach, refined in India, has a natural audience in Obama's Washington. The administration, which insisted on efficacy studies for treatment in Obamacare, wants to place U.S. development assistance on a similar evidence-based path,” according to a recent Daily Beast piece that labeled Duflo “poverty's rock star.”
But the evidence cited in some of Duflo's work favors conventional left-wing solutions, and their writing outright favors left-wing world leaders.
Duflo wrote about the negative consequences of “fast growth” as it relates to economic inequality in a 2011 paper. The paper sought to develop “a long term strategy to balance growth with equity” in “policies that maximizes the chance that the poor are able to fully participate in markets, so that when growth starts, they can benefit from it.”
Duflo wrote that “inequality can lead to less political stability,” that the “distribution of wealth” is not “irrelevant for investment,” and that “greater inequality can lead to less investment and less growth.” They also wrote that “Violence levels are had sharply increased in countries with very high level of inequality.”
“The experience of Brazil may be an illustration of the large negative effects of fast growth on inequality. In the 1960s and 1970s, fast growth accompanied with large increases in inequality fueled populist demands that eventually gave rise to hyper-inflation and stopped economic growth. When President Lula assumed office, and could credibly commit to help the poor with more long-term policies, the macro-economic situation stabilized, which created conditions for more permanent growth,” Duflo wrote.
President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, also known as “Lula,” is the founder of Brazil's left-wing Worker's Party. During their presidency, Lula implemented the largest social welfare program in the world.
Follow Patrick on Twitter
Most of us can't even plan ahead to what we're having for dinner or what we'll be doing this weekend, let alone make plans for, say, 100 years from now. But director Robert Rodriguez and John Malkovich thought that far ahead for their new film project, which no one will get to see for 100 years — so basically no one who is currently living will ever see this movie, aside from the people who made it.
Which director's films would you put in a time capsule for future generations to discover? Martin Scorsese , Steven Spielberg , Quentin Tarantino , Spike Lee … Those are the iconic directors making contemporary films that have — and will — endure the test of time.
But a new project luxury cognac brand Louis XIII is challenging that concept, enlisting Robert Rodriguez and John Malkovich to make a film that they'll place in a time capsule not to be opened for 100 years — in honor of the company's 100-year aging process for its cognac. Appropriately, the film is called 100 Years , and it's been placed in a time-locked safe that will open on November 18, 2115. Oh to be alive and read the reviews on that day.
100 Years also stars Marko Zaror and Shuya Chang, and while no one would explain the film's plot, the Louis XIII folks tell iO9 that it's set in the present, while Rodriguez calls it “emotionally charged.” They've made three teasers for the movie, each offering an idea of what the movie could be like, though none of them feature footage from the finished film.
The plan is for Louis XIII to send 1,000 specially-designed metal movie tickets to 1,000 “influential” people, encouraging them to pass these tickets down to their future descendants so they can attend the screening in 2115.
If this idea sounds familiar, then you might remember the Future Library art project that was launched last year. Each year for the next 100 years, one author will contribute one book to the installation housed in a secure room in an Oslo library. The completed works will not be made public until 2114, with prize-winning author and poet Margaret Atwood contributing the inaugural book last year.
But that art project is a little different from what Rodriguez and Malkovich have done for Louis XIII — for one, it's not about publicity, but it's also more creatively significant in that it challenges our ideas of what makes literature and poetry classic; is it the finished product, the time period, or the author? Or maybe all three?
Here's a better question: if a new Robert Rodriguez movie isn't released until we're all dead, does it make a sound?
This work is about the similarities between was Jesus pretched and the values communism is based on, values like equality, fraternity, solidarity and mutual respect. But besides this, this is also a critic about how the "Holy" Church has used God and Jesus to justify their actions like genocide, mass murdering, torturing and sacking and how a belief that was based on equality and rejection from meterial goods (Jesus sad: leave eveything and come with me) can have a church is corrupted with a very rigid hierarchy and a pope that wears Prada shoes.That's why for me the catholic church has no credibity and doesn't deserve to use the name of Jesus anymore...Some words by Kiev 45:MIXED MEDIA:Traditional drawning (face and eyes)Digital coloring (face, eyes and wrist)Photomanipulation (background and textures)STOCK (search on everystockphoto.com):sxc.hu | flickr | imageafter.com |
A Texas-based real estate developer seeks zoning that would allow it to build 500 new apartment units in Sandy Springs and a 50-story office building critics say would become the tallest building outside Atlanta's Perimeter highway.
John Heagy, senior managing director of Hines, the development company, says “the fact is, this is not just one building. It's a village of buildings that we're seeking final approval on.”
Hines goes before Sandy Springs City Council on July 15 for a zoning change for its Northpark 100 development. The company wants to rezone the area at Peachtree Dunwoody and Abernathy roads from office to mixed use. That action would clear the way to add apartments to a development with an office tower and hotel and retail space.
While city staff has given its blessing for the project with some conditions, some neighbors worry the project will bring too much density and generate too many car trips in the area.
“This exception to traditional zoning would be 16 stories taller than the King and Queen buildings, and would become the tallest suburban skyscraper in America at an intersection that already struggles mightily with traffic,” resident Brian Eufinger said in a letter to the Reporter Newspapers editor.
“If approved, these buildings would bring 15,000 more cars down Mount Vernon, Peachtree Dunwoody, Barfield and other roads every day. Plus, the addition of 500 more apartments could severely impact local school capacity.”
The zoning would also establish a precedent for taller buildings at a time when other properties in the Perimeter area also may seek rezoning, they said.
But Heagy says residents shouldn't focus only on traffic, and that the site will eventually become a major hub for the area. “Don't just focus on traffic counts,” Heagy said. “Think how it will be used five years from now, 10 years from now, 20 years from now.”
Heagy said while no major tenants have been nailed down, he's optimistic. “I do think as the market continues to tighten up, alternatives for bigger companies become fewer and fewer and fewer,” they said.
As Hines seeks to add apartments to Northpark 100, other apartment projects are rising across the city.
One new complex is being built on Allen Road off of Roswell Road and just north of I-285. Demolition of an early 1970s complex is under way at 180 Allen Road to make room for The Cliftwood, a 248-unit project with two, five-story buildings on either side of a parking deck.
The joint venture between ECI Group and Arris Realty Partners will be available for occupancy next spring. Sidewalks will connect the complex to neighborhoods, parks, restaurants and entertainment, the developers say.
“This corridor is a vital gateway to downtown Sandy Springs,” said Steven Cadranel, president of Arris Realty Partners. “My partner, Jim Woodcox and I, are natives and residents of this community, and for years I have driven by the former office park and imagined how much more it could be.”
What developers Kaplan Residential and George Morgan describe as a “203-unit luxury mid-rise, mixed use” community is coming to the empty lot at the corner of Roswell Road and Hammond Drive, with ground to be broken this summer. In addition to the apartments, the “One City Walk” development will include 8,000 square feet of retail space, and planners say it will complement Sandy Springs' future city center.
Further south on Roswell Road at Windsor, demolition of old apartments is complete for JLB's gateway project, which will bring a mixed-use development consisting of 630 upscale apartments, along with office and retail space.
Meanwhile, the Atlanta Business Chronicle reports that plans are under way to redevelop an old apartment complex on Roswell Road just south of I-285. The Providence Group and The Worthing Cos. filed plans with the state for the project, which will include 173 townhomes and 368 apartments.
See also- Letters to the Editor: Development could overwhelm Mount Vernon, Peachtree Dunwoody, Abernathy intersection
A senior manager at MAC Marketing has resigned after two employees posed as potential real estate buyers from China in two TV news stories.
“Since last week, I have been able to interview staff and better understand the incident occurring February 9,” MAC Marketing Solutions president Cameron McNeill said in an email. “I have instigated appropriate actions and furthermore, I have accepted the resignation of a MAC senior manager. I want to honour everyone's privacy, so I will not comment on the specifics.”
Last week, McNeill apologized for misleading the public after CTV and CBC carried news stories about the Chinese New Year being a popular time to buy Vancouver real estate. In the stories, Chris Lee and their sister Amanda posed as two women shopping for a new apartment at Cressey Developments Maddox development in downtown Vancouver while in town for the Chinese New Year.
The women were both MAC employees and they are not sisters.
The Real Estate Association of B.C., the governing body for realtors, is investigating the matter.
McNeill said MAC will use this “unfortunate occurrence” as a learning experience.
“At MAC, we have a code of conduct and ethical guidelines that are well-established,” McNeill said. “We expect everyone at MAC to uphold the highest standards of professionalism and integrity at all times. I will work hard to ensure that this code is strongly reinforced to ensure an incident like this never happens again.”
And on the 61st day, the TouchPad rose again.
HP has plans to produce another round of its TouchPad tablets before the year is out, despite its earlier decision to discontinue its mobile hardware products.
"Despite announcing an end to manufacturing webOS hardware, we have decided to produce one last run of TouchPads to meet unfulfilled demand," HP spokesperson Mark Budgell wrote in a company blog post. "As we know more about how, when and where TouchPads will be available, we will communicate that here and through e-mail to those who requested notification."
Budgell says it will be a few weeks before devices from the additional run will be available for purchase.
The blog post signals further confusion from a company in upheaval. Two weeks ago, HP announced suddenly it would end production on all of its mobile hardware, including the soon-to-be-released Pre 3 and Veer smartphones. The decision also included the company's iPad competitor, the TouchPad, killed off a mere 49 days after its debut in July. Circulating rumors suggested third-party retailers were sitting on hundreds of thousands of unsold units.
HP followed its announcement by slashing prices on remaining TouchPad inventory, reducing the price of the 16-gigabyte TouchPad to $100, and the 32-gig version to $150.
Since the blowout sale prices, however, the company hasn't been able to keep any TouchPads in stock. Retailers have been bombarded by customer requests for the cheapened devices, and dozens of retailers have reported completely selling out.
Which is most likely the reason behind HP's decision to once again beef up its inventory for a last TouchPad blast.
"Tablet computing is a segment of the market that's relevant, absolutely," HP personal systems group exec Todd Bradley told Reuters in an interview. The company continues to explore licensing options for, webOS – its proprietary operating system – according to Bradley.
There's no guarantee, however, that HP will continue to sell the last round of tablets at a $100 rate. Hardware teardown website iSupply speculates that, in terms of components alone, a 16-GB TouchPad costs HP approximately $300 to build. That's a $200 bath HP is taking on each individual unit sold, not including the cost of labor, shipping and associated expenses.
HP did not immediately respond to a phone request for comment.
While the resurgence in TouchPad interest may be a promising sign for HP, the company's flip-flopping decision process isn't serving its public image.
"The only thing I know for sure that's going on at HP is that they have completely lost control of their message," Forrester analyst Sarah Rotman Epps said by e-mail to Wired.com. Epps continued, saying HP was "sabotaging their brand with the mixed messages."
As of today, the TouchPad is now the No. 2 best-selling tablet after the iPad, according to FastCompany. Ironically, that's the exact position HP was vying for.
Unfortunately for the company, it took bargain-bin pricing and the threat of extinction to get there.
See Also:- HP Kills TouchPad, Puts WebOS in Hibernation
SPRINGFIELD � The former multicultural liaison for the Springfield Police Department has filed a federal lawsuit, alleging they were fired last week for speaking out against racial profiling.
The lawsuit, filed Monday in U.S. District Court in Eugene by an attorney for Thelma Barone, demands a jury trial but does not specify a dollar amount in damages.
The suit names the city of Springfield, Police Chief Tim Doney, police Lt. Tom Rappè, City Manager Gino Grimaldi and city Human Resources Director Greta Utecht as defendants.
The city has denied the allegations.
In the court document, Barone claims they were placed on administrative leave from the police department in February, six days after they spoke at the Springfield City Club about multicultural outreach. They were asked during the speaking engagement if they had heard complaints about racial profiling from the community.
According to the lawsuit, Barone answered that they had heard such complaints. The following week, they were placed under what would become a months-long investigation for �dishonest misconduct� and was threatened with termination, the lawsuit states.
Barone claims they were suspended for one month without pay.
�While the city cannot legally discuss Ms. Barone�s discipline while they were an employee at the city of Springfield, the city fully denies that Ms. Barone was released from their employment because of comments made during a Feb. 5, 2015, presentation at the Springfield City Club,� city spokesperson Niel Laudati said in a statement.
�In fact, during that presentation Chief Tim Doney introduced them to the group at Ms. Barone�s request and even assisted them with answering questions, including one regarding racial profiling. Our legal counsel has instructed us not to provide further details at this time.
�We look forward to responding to the allegations in court.�
Another incident cited
According to the lawsuit, the police investigation regarded an incident in July 2014 when Barone was alleged to have been dishonest about whether they had received permission to allow high school students to take photos during a police department tour that they helped facilitate.
Barone�s attorney, Andrew Lewinter of Eugene, said Monday in a telephone interview that they and their client do not believe that was the real reason for the investigation.
�That was their given reason, but just because your employer says this is the reason doesn�t mean that it�s true,� Lewinter said, adding that they and Barone believe the real reason for the investigation was retaliation for them having spoken out about racial profiling.
Hired in 2003, Barone was charged with building trust between the Latino community and the police department in their position as multicultural liaison, according to the suit. Earlier this month, Barone was brought back to work, but they were demoted and placed on patrol duty, the suit states.
As part of their new position on patrol, Barone was asked to sign a �last chance agreement� that included a clause that they were not to �speak or write anything of a disparaging or negative manner� related to the police department, the city of Springfield or its employees, according to the lawsuit.
In refusing to sign the agreement, Barone submitted a letter explaining their reasons why.
Barone wrote that by signing the document they would be agreeing with the department�s demotion of their position. They wrote that they loved their previous job as multicultural liaison, and asserted they have �done nothing whatsoever to deserve this injustice.�
Barone was fired on Wednesday, the suit states.
In late March, Barone had filed a tort claim notice with the city, contending that they were were treated unfairly in part because of their race and national origin. Tort claims are legal documents that typically must be submitted prior to the formal filing of a lawsuit.
Three days earlier, the only other Latino employee in the Springfield police department filed a similar tort claim.
Marco Espinoza, a former detective and SWAT team member, asserted that they were fired following their off-duty arrest last year for drunken driving. Espinoza ultimately was found guilty of driving under the influence of intoxicants and other charges.
Espinoza in 2012 was named the police department�s Employee of the Year. Barone in 2013 was honored at a Springfield City Council meeting for their 10 years of service as a city employee.
Espinoza and Barone are both of Mexican descent.
A whistle-blower case?
Barone claimed in their tort notice that the city had retaliated and discriminated against them because of their �race, national origin, gender and whistle-blowing activities.� The claim did not specify the nature of the whistle-blowing activities.
Barone asserted in the tort notice that the city conducted an unlawful investigation and improperly placed them on administrative leave, causing their emotional distress, humiliation and impairment of reputation.
Them claim at that time did not indicate why they believed they were under scrutiny, but said the investigation was opened last October and that they were placed on leave in February.
Doney, the police chief, in April said they could not comment on the ongoing internal investigation into Barone�s situation because it�s a personnel matter involving a city employee.
Doney became Springfield�s police chief in December 2013, succeeding longtime Chief Jerry Smith, who resigned earlier in 2013 after photographs and video footage surfaced of them kissing a female police department employee.
In early June, the city agreed to pay $250,000 to settle a federal lawsuit filed by a former Springfield police sergeant, John Umenhofer, who alleged that their efforts to fight corruption in the department were repeatedly stymied and eventually cost them their job.
Also earlier this year, the city agreed to pay former police officer Ethan Spencer a total of $154,000 to settle a series of workers� compensation claims.
The city also gave Spencer an additional $52,000 severance payment that is to be used to cover their college tuition costs, according to an employment separation agreement.
Spencer, who had been off-duty while on medical leave since May 2014, turned in their badge after they and the city settled the claims. They had alleged that they sustained on-the-job leg and ankle injuries shortly before taking leave, and also that they suffered from psychological problems stemming from their experience working as a police officer.
One of the claims alleged that the mental issues were related to �work incidents� that occurred on the dates of two fatal shootings in which they were involved.
Another federal lawsuit is pending against the city, filed by another former police department employee. Melanie Nichol claims they were retaliated against and fired after complaining about misconduct within the department and its leadership, largely prior to Doney�s arrival.
You can follow Chelsea on Twitter @chelseagorrow. Email chelsea.gorrow@registerguard.com.
Download the PDF here
April Fool's Day By Shaykh Muhammad bin Hadi al-Mudkhali
The Question:
‘O our Shaykh we have a question here via email from the Miraath al-Anbiyaa website, asking about something that has become common nowadays, which is known as April Fools' Day'. Perhaps you have a few words to say about this, may Allaah protect you.'
The Answer:
‘In the Name of Allaah The Most Kind The Most Merciful
All Praise be to Allaah Lord of the Worlds and praise and peace be upon our Prophet Muhammad and upon their family and all their Companions.
Thereafter:
Indeed Allaah – Subhanahu wa Ta'ala- has commanded in Their Book to be truthful and honest. They ordered that one should adhere to truthful people.
Allaah – Jala wa Ulaa- said:
<< O you who have believed, fear Allah and be with those who are true.>> [Tawbah: 119]
The Prophet -sallAllaahu alayhi wa sallam- prohibited lying and regarded it as being from the major sins.
They -sallAllaahu alayhi wa sallam- said:
And beware of lying, indeed lying leads to evil deeds. A man continues to lie and is not careful about lying until they are written with Allaah as a liar.' [Collected by Bukhari & Muslim]
Therefore, if this is the case, then it is obligatory upon the Muslim that they fear Allaah concerning himself, and adhere to the command of their Lord. The Muslim should obey Allaah's Messenger -sallAllaahu alayhi wa sallam- and they should indeed warn against lying, since lying is prohibited in all its colours and forms. The severity of its prohibition increases if it is done to make people laugh.
What we know about this matter which is being asked about, and has become widespread amongst the Muslims in recent times, is that regretfully the source of this is the Jews and the Christians, and the lands of the west and the east from all of these people together. Indeed they lie like this to make the people laugh, or so that the people remember the one who lies, and that they become famous by that lying, and that they are written in to the world of celebrities.
As for us, the Muslims, then the Prophet -sallAllaahu alayhi wa sallam- said:
‘Woe to the man who lies to make the people laugh, woe to him, woe to him.'
It is obligatory upon all of us that to be wary of this lying. This issue which you question, is concerning lying on April fool's day it is prohibited, due to two points:
The first is that it is lying and we have all heard the statement of the Prophet -sallAllaahu alayhi wa sallam- when they said:
‘And beware of lying, indeed lying leads to evil deeds, and indeed evil deeds lead to the Fire. A man continues to lie and is not careful about lying until they are written with Allaah as a liar.' [Collected by Bukhari & Muslim]
So this is one matter.
And the second matter is: that the seriousness of the forbiddance of lying and the reason for its prohibition, in addition to it being principally prohibited is that it is a matter of imitating the Kuffar (non-Muslims). These non-Muslims lie and they carry out such false matters, and perhaps they bring a great lie, and mention a great calamity, which they circulate and propagate especially using modern day media. This news spreads from the east to the west and it terrifies a lot, then later on it becomes known that there was no basis for that news.
Likewise, a Muslim lies to frighten their brother Muslim and causes them to become scared and due to that they become terrified, and perhaps they might even become afflicted with an illness. For example it is said to him, that such and such died from those who are beloved to you like a father, brother, son or daughter, or like if someone says: your house has been robbed, or your house has burnt down, etc. from these great matters, which probably cause a person to lose their mind and intellect. And perhaps they become sick, then what occurs from this lie is the responsibility of the liar.
So this lying done on April Fool's Day is even more prohibited due to the great evil which involves imitating the Kuffar in this aspect.
Therefore, it is obligatory upon the Muslims to strictly warn against lying, and not to take the disbelieving enemies of Allaah has an example, indeed Allaah –Subhanahu wa Ta'ala- ordered them to be with the truthful.
<< O you who have believed, fear Allah and be with those who are true.>> [Tawbah: 119]
The Prophet -sallAllaahu alayhi wa sallam- said:
‘The Muslim is they from whom the Muslims are secure from their tongue and hand.'
If a person lies to frighten the people then the Muslims are not secure from theirs tongue.
I ask Allaah that They grant us all the understanding of the Deen and insight into it, and to follow the Messenger of Allaah -sallAllaahu alayhi wa sallam- and be cautious of imitating the disbelievers from those of the east and the west, and to be cautious of following the ways of the Jews and the Christians. This is what the Prophet -sallAllaahu alayhi wa sallam- informed us about, so it is not something strange that will occur in the Ummah of Islaam. They will take the Jews and the Christians as examples, and follow them identically, and they will walk behind them hand span for hand span, and forearm by forearm even if they were to enter a lizard's hole we would enter into it.
I ask Allaah that They grant all of us the following of Allaah's messenger and to be cautious of what our Lord – Tabarak wa Ta'ala- is displeased with, and that is by being away from these things and not to resemble the enemies of Allaah, the disbelievers. And that we adhere to the path of Islaam which is correct, and the straight way of Allaah, indeed  They are The Bestower of Goodness, The Generous.
May Allaah send Praise, Peace and bless Their slave and Their Messenger, our Prophet Muhammad and upon their Family, their Companions and those who follow them in goodness.'
May Allaah reward you with good O Shaykh.'
[Source: http://ar.miraath.net/audios/april-fools] Link temporarily down
A major blow to anti-global warming advocates occurred on Wednesday when House Republicans passed a bill requiring the Environmental Protection Agency to release data used to support new regulations to protect human health and the environment.
The bill was approved and moved to the Senate in a 228-194 vote.
"The days of 'trust me' science are over," Rep. Lamar Smith of Texas said.
In recent days, Democrats have moved their attention on President Donald Trump from Russia conspiracies to the overall destruction of the planet.
“Make no mistake, the Trump administration's rampage against the environment presents an existential threat to the entire planet,” John Podesta, former campaign chairperson for the failed Clinton campaign, wrote in the Washington Post on Wednesday.
CNN's Van Jones wrote President Trump "may have just signed a death warrant for our planet" in regards to recent executive actions against the EPA.
And according to another report, scientist and Wharton School Professor J. Scott Armstrong says that fewer than one percent of modern scientists use the scientific method.
“We also go through journals and rate how well they conform to the scientific method. I used to think that maybe 10 percent of papers in my field...were maybe useful. Now it looks like maybe, one tenth of one percent follow the scientific method,” Armstrong said. “People just don't do it.”
Pitchfork: As far as why it took so long for this album to be completed, people have talked about it being due to a mixture of licensing issues and perfectionism. Would you say that's true?
Robbie Chater: Those two issues are both correct—although transcending them ended up being as much a part of the journey as the record itself. We had to make a lot of music to break through that perfection thing and really start to embrace all our imperfections. There was a great point halfway through making this record that we realized it's almost sounding like a loose, punky, psychedelic rock'n'roll record with samples, and once we came to that realization, things started moving a lot quicker.
As far as samples, they started clearing stuff years ago, but then there would be some hold-up and they'd have to go back and renegotiate. People would give permission for us to use the sample, and then a certain amount of time would elapse and they would Google who the band is and be like, “Oh shit, I can ask for more money.” That sort of thing took forever. And it's all sampled, really. There are the guest vocals and beautiful orchestration from [French composer] Jean-Michel Bernard, but every song is a sample-based song. There were also three years in the mid-2000s when I was really unwell. I was diagnosed with a couple of separate autoimmune diseases, so I was out of action.
You can hear the time that went into [the album], especially in the moments when the tracks join to each other—it took a lot of time to find the right sounds of people on the street and all those things. A lot of tracks were made quite quickly, but putting the whole thing together was time-intensive.
You had hundreds of different mixes for the album's first single, “Frankie Sinatra,” before settling on the final version, which made me curious: At what point does it become difficult to hear the same song over and over?
Tony Di Blasi: There were definitely points where every time I heard that song I wanted to jump out of my body, but it's part of the process, where you just can't feel the music anymore. In the end I just left it to Robbie to finish it. The compiling of the album is difficult because the journey of the record is so much about a feeling in the songs and, after a while, if you're not feeling it, you can't compile it in the way it's supposed to be compiled.
RC: Feelings are the core of what we do, but we have to have breaks and take some time away from it.
TDB: Or we'll go crazy.
How many samples are on this record?
RC: I've got no idea. There are so many fragments and different pieces.
How did you go about clearing all the samples this time?
RC: There's a lady called Pat Shannahan that lives in L.A. who cleared all the samples on the first record, and they cleared all the samples on this record, too. She's an amazing lady. They call them “the detective.” They cleared all the samples on all those old Beck and Beastie Boys records. So we'll send them all the information we can find and then they go off and tries to track down these albums. Often [the artists] are not even interested in corresponding, so it's a crazy process.
Or someone might be dead.
RC: Exactly. She's a one-woman operation who seems to know everybody because she's done it so long, and they just goes to work in terms of tracking sounds.
Was there a specific sample that was especially difficult to clear?
RC: We were very lucky to get permission to use the Beatles sample [of “Come Together”] on “Noisy Eater.” That one was initially refused and then we ended up finding contacts for both Paul McCartney and Yoko's people through friends of friends. We sent them the track and just wrote a letter explaining our process and what we're all about, and that this is a project from the heart and it's not a money-making exercise and it was a sincere use of the original music. That was a song that we were going to take off the album if the sample didn't come through.
LEWISTON, Maine (NEWS CENTER) — Joe Maher of Turner has always been driven to help people.
Raising a large family, they never had much money to donate. Instead, they decided to give blood. They started doing that more than 40 years ago and has now surpassed a remarkable milestone.
Maher arrived at the blood donor center at Central Maine Medical Center on Wednesday for what's become a regularly occurring appointment.
"This will be 501," they said.
That's right — Maher has donated blood more than 500 times.  They are one of only a handful of people in New England to reach that milestone. They started in college and never stopped.
"Then it was 100, and 150, and it just – I'm kind of surprised it got to 500," they said.
Their trips to the hospital average out to be about once a month. They spend a couple hours of their day there and gets nothing in return, except the satisfaction of knowing he's helping others.
"Yeah, I guess and that's a nice feeling," Maher said. "I don't know them, but I know if it was my wife or my child or my grandchild that needed a platelet donation, I would hope there would be some available."
While Maher downplays the accomplishment, the folks at the Red Cross are forever grateful — and so are many other people.
"When I think of Joe donating 500 times, he's touched a lot of lives and they may never meet those people," said Mary Brant of the American Red Cross, "but I can guarantee they will never forget him."
Surpassing that milestone, Maher sees no reason to stop now.
"For the moment I'll keep going," they said.
"Til the well runs dry?" he's asked.
"Or until my arms get so they can't get the needle in, I don't know," they respond.
The Red Cross is especially appreciative of people like Maher this time of year. Blood donations drop way down as we get into the summer months, with people traveling and away on vacation. They hope Joe's story will inspire others to come in and give.
Copyright 2017 WCSH
WARATAHS captain Michael Hooper says he's “disappointed” to lose valued teammate Kurtley Beale after the star centre signed a $1.45m-a-year deal with English club Wasps.
Though NSW coach Daryl Gibson said reports of Beale becoming the highest paid player in England were “unconfirmed”, the Daily Telegraph can confirm that the 27-year-old put pen to paper on a contract this week.
The two-year deal has, in fact, been agreed upon for well over a month but Michael Cheika had been pushing hard to convince Beale to change their mind prior to finalising the paperwork.
Kurtley Beale is on the move. Picture: Stephen Cooper Source: News Corp Australia
The uncertainty led to Wasps approaching Leigh Halfpenny as a back-up option but it is understood the Welsh fullback will leave Toulon and go back to Cardiff.
Beale has decided to stick with the record contract that sees them rocket to the top of the list of top earners in the Aviva Premiership, above Manu Tuilagi and Louis Picamoles. Beale will re-unite with former Rebels teammate Danny Cipriani at Wasps.
They remain eligible for the Wallabies under the 60-cap “Giteau Law” and has said they will stick their hand up for Test duty when called upon.
Preparing to play the Bulls tomorrow night at Allianz Stadium, the Waratahs were taken by surprise by the Beale news this morning.
Gibson said they had not spoken to their playmaker about their contract developments and was still hopeful they would stay.
“I can't add anything than what I know and that they are undecided,” Gibson said.
Australian Wallabies player Kurtley Beale models the 2016 jersey. Source: Getty Images
Hooper was also not aware of Beale's decision but said he'd be sad to not be able to play with them for the Tahs next season.
“I am happy for them as an individual, the ability to make those decisions is all part of rugby. But for me selfishly, disappointing, because I love playing with Kurtley,” Hooper said.
“I love having them in the environment. Hopefully I will be able to play with them more in the future.”
Both Hooper and Gibson said the Waratahs would not be able to replace the unique talents of Beale.
“You can't replace Kurtley Beale. You get something different, and that's with rugby what we will be chasing. At the Waratahs we will want someone to step up and put their own individual flavour on it,” Hooper said.
Gibson said they were confident that while no-one could fill Beale's shoes, another good player would emerge.
Kurtley Beale in action for the Waratahs. Source: Getty Images
“I would say it is very difficult (to replace him), someone of their form and their standing in the game as an international, it is going to be very difficult. But I have always seen in my career and my experience that if a good player leaves, it's not long before a new player emerges and takes the opportunity,” Gibson said.
“While Kurtley is a unique player and their skill set is unique in the team, that the team will grow, someone else will pop up and we will get through it.”
The Waratahs are not concerned Beale will be distracted by the contract talk today, given they are in career-best form this season while the Wasps talk has been swirling around him.
With Beale potentially able to return to Australia in mid-2018, Gibson also said their loss would not need be seen as permanent.
“It is not terminal,” they said.
“The 60-game rule with the wallabies, they are still available to Australian rugby. In my experience a player goes overseas and experiences a different kind of rugby and it all adds to creating a really well-rounded rugby player.”
Despite having passed a controversial and widely despised tax bill through the Senate, congressional Republicans still face numerous difficulties before anything reaches President Donald Trump's desk. Significant differences remain between the two bills passed by the Senate and the House. With the GOP holding a minimal 52-vote majority in the Senate, the odds are high that whatever final bill emerges from the conference committee of members from both chambers will lean toward the Senate's version.
Further complicating matters for House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is that the stopgap funding law that currently funds the federal government expires on Friday at midnight. At this writing, the GOP has no agreement on what would replace it.
Advertisement:
Far-right Republicans have long chafed at the idea of passing temporary “continuing resolutions,” since they believe -- entirely without empirical evidence -- that Americans want to cut federal spending as much as they do. The GOP's congressional leaders are at least somewhat aware that this opinion runs counter to public polling, which has repeatedly demonstrated that budget cuts are wildly unpopular, even among Republican voters.
As a result, GOP leaders have tried to draw Democrats into their spending reduction proposals with concerns about the federal budget deficit. It has worked in the past, including in 2011 when President Barack Obama signed the Budget Control Act (better known as the “budget sequester”), which even now forces some mandatory spending reductions.
Getting Democrats to sign on has sometimes allowed Republicans to make actual spending reductions and offered the possibility of even larger cuts, such as the “grand bargain” Obama and former Speaker John Boehner nearly reached in 2011 to cut Social Security and Medicare in exchange for some additional taxes. But "bipartisanship" has become a bad word or fatal sign of weakness among conservative activists, so the built-in preference for Republicans has been to try and get things done within the walls of the GOP.
But making major federal policy changes has proven very difficult for Republicans, largely thanks to the efforts of a group of 30 or so far-right House members who call themselves the Freedom Caucus. The progeny of the moribund Tea Party movement, the Freedom Caucus has essentially tried to operate as a party within a party, its members banding together to try and force leadership's hand in their direction.
As might be expected given the caucus' lack of legislative experience, the unpopularity of its viewpoints and its close relationships with outside activist groups with no expertise at anything besides monetizing their members, none of the strategies advocated by the Freedom Caucus -- such as the failed brinksmanship that led to a 2013 government shutdown -- have ever worked.
Failure has never been much of an obstacle for conservative groups, however. Despite the fact that even the sainted Ronald Reagan was never able to cut domestic spending, American conservatives have persistently tried to push this unpopular viewpoint since the 1980s. The Trump presidency, however, has presented a special challenge to right-wing elected officials: Republican voters arguably never supported their policies in the first place and are now far more interested in Trump's signature issues of restricting immigration and stirring up anti-Islamic sentiment.
Advertisement:
Since Trump has little personal interest in policy outside those core areas, they have largely allowed Ryan and McConnell to dictate the legislative agenda. This was exactly the dynamic that Republican elites noticed as early as January 2016, when they began openly talking about how they preferred the smash-mouth real estate tycoon over their principal rival for the GOP presidential nomination, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz.
GOP leaders figured that embracing Trump, despite their bizarre, vulgar pronouncements and unorthodox personal life, would be better for them than elevating Cruz and their Christian supremacist and radically anti-government allies. They also figured -- correctly, as things turned out -- that Trump likely had a better chance of winning the presidency.
Picking Trump has certainly had negative effects on the Republican Party's future coherence. But in terms of keeping the GOP's anti-government wing in check, McConnell and their allies appear to have made the right choice. Despite their periodic swipes at the Republican congressional leadership, Trump has essentially allowed them wide leeway and largely abandoned the populist economic policies on which they campaigned. They have even shown a willingness to attack the Freedom Caucus, as they did in March when they repeatedly bashed the group after it briefly killed one of several House bills to repeal the Affordable Care Act. Trump has also leaned heavily on the GOP elites for their executive and judicial nominations, and also for their campaign endorsements.
Far-right Republicans have also lost some leverage since Trump has already shown a willingness to work with Democratic leaders on continuing resolutions. At this moment, however, House GOP leaders appear to be trying to go it alone, even though a potentially catastrophic government shutdown is less than 48 hours away.
Advertisement:
Even if the GOP can somehow pass single-party budget resolutions out of the House, the Senate's filibuster rules only allow revenue bills to pass with a simple majority. According to Politico, Republican leaders are hoping to peel off a few red-state Democrats -- there are 10 from states Trump carried last year who face difficult re-election battles in 2018 -- to pass a two-week continuing resolution by including spending for children's health insurance and hurricane relief.
It's conceivable that might work, but it also seems the federal bureaucracy is preparing for a shutdown. On Dec. 1, the Office of Management and Budget held a conference call with top officials at various agencies instructing them to get ready for it.
While Republican congressional leaders have been busy trying to wrangle votes, Trump spent their Wednesday trying to blame Democrats for a possible shutdown -- a blatant lie even by their standards.
Advertisement:
"It could happen," the president said at a news briefing when asked whether a shutdown might happen. “The Democrats are really looking at something that is very dangerous to our country. They are looking at shutting down.”
Russian servicemen drive armored personnel carriers on the outskirts of the city of Belgorod near the Russian-Ukrainian border, April 25, 2014.
The leaders of the Group of Seven major economies agreed on Saturday to swiftly impose further sanctions on Russian individuals over the Ukraine crisis, and the United States could unveil its new punitive measures as early as Monday, officials said.
A senior U.S. official said each G7 country would decide which targeted sanctions to implement and while the measures would be coordinated they would not necessarily be identical.
The new sanctions are intended to punish Russia for failing to comply with an international agreement to help defuse the Ukraine crisis, according to a statement from G7 leaders released by the White House while President Barack Obama was on a visit to South Korea.
"Given the urgency of securing the opportunity for a successful and peaceful democratic vote next month in Ukraine's presidential elections, we have committed to act urgently to intensify targeted sanctions and measures to increase the costs of Russia's actions," the statement said.
The new sanctions will hit Russian "individuals and/or entities" and Washington will announce its list as early as Monday, senior U.S. officials said.
Sources familiar with the matter said the U.S. list of individuals expected to include "cronies" of Russian President Vladimir Putin.
The G7 statement warned that "we continue to prepare to move to broader, coordinated sanctions, including sectoral measures, should circumstances warrant."
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
At the same time, the leaders told Russia that "the door remains open to a diplomatic resolution of this crisis" on the basis of the Geneva accord and urged Moscow to take that path.
The G7 leaders accused Russia of reneging on its promises to use it influence to get pro-Russian militants in eastern Ukraine to disarm and leave buildings they have occupied.
"Russia has taken no concrete actions in support of the Geneva accord," the statement said. "Instead, it has continued to escalate tensions by increasingly concerning rhetoric and ongoing threatening military maneuvers on Ukraine's border."
The announcement of new sanctions followed lobbying by Obama among top European leaders, who have been divided over how far to go.
"We, the leaders of Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, the United Kingdom, the United States, the President of the European Council and the President of the European Commission, join in expressing our deep concern at the continued efforts by separatists backed by Russia to destabilize eastern Ukraine," the G7 statement said.
"We have now agreed that we will move swiftly to impose additional sanctions on Russia," it said
Broadcom is exiting the cellular baseband business, a decision that's having bitten hard, with the company announcing layoffs of around 2,500 employees – around 20 per cent of its total workforce – worldwide.
Its latest SEC filing shows the company turned in a loss of $US1 million for the quarter, a collapse from the previous quarter's $165 million in profit but better than 2013 Q2's $251 million loss.
Following through on its threat to quit the business means the company will take a $417 million restructuring charge, it says, of which $US150 million will be in this quarter.
Of the 2,500 to be laid off, 2,250 are directly in that business, with another 250 in sales, admin and “other corporate functions”. Eighteen locations worldwide will be sold or consolidated into other sites, and an unannounced number of contractors will also be pink-slipped.
The company recorded $130 million of non-cash charges covering long-life assets, and $34 million in inventory charges to the end of the quarter, as well as $104 million in property and equipment write-downs.
Broadcom's predicting a rise in WiFi and Bluetooth chip sales in the coming quarter, but CEO Scott McGregor said the baseband cellular division closure will mean total volumes will fall.
McGregor also expects payoffs from the company's moves in the 25 Gbps Ethernet data centre standardisation, and a strong position in the HVEC codec market for Ultra HDTV. Other bright spots, the company hopes, will be automotive and Internet of Things chips. ®
It didn't occur to me until hours after seeing the first of Paul McCartney's three-hour, 38-song sets at Brooklyn's Barclays Center this summer, but had Brooklyn been a stop on the 1976 Wings Over America tour — McCartney's first post-Beatles slate of U.S. concert dates — they could have played 36 of the same songs without creating any continuity errors. Glance at the set list and you'll see two songs recorded in the last 35 years: “Here Today,” McCartney's 1982 tribute to John Lennon from the album Tug of War, and “My Valentine,” a single from their 2012 collection of (mostly) covers, Kisses on the Bottom. More than a third of the selections were no. 1 hits, and most of the rest were singles that climbed almost as high.
I'm not going to be the guy who goes to see a beloved baby boomer act and comes away complaining that “they only played the hits.” (That guy should be banned from all concerts.) People pay to hear the hits, and McCartney — who has made more of them than anyone else — can also deliver them live, which is why he's still one of the hottest (and priciest) tickets around at age 71. (“I'd do this for nothing,” McCartney said recently. What they didn't say: They probably prefer to do it for $3.6 million per show.) The fact that you don't need to have listened to music made since the mid-'70s to sing along to every song (and that there is no great time to get up and grab a beer) is what makes a McCartney concert great. It doesn't hurt that their band sounds a lot like The Beatles, they haven't put on any weight and, suspiciously, they still have the same haircut and hair color they had in the '70s. If you're sitting far enough away, you can almost convince yourself that the rest of the audience hasn't aged since before they had to dye it.
Still, it's sort of a shame that McCartney doesn't get to dig deeper into their catalog in concert. Unlike a lot of legacy acts — McCartney admirer Billy Joel, for instance, who plays old songs because they're the only ones they have — McCartney has never stopped making music. More importantly, much of that music is good, and if you haven't strayed far from the hits, you might not have heard it.
On Tuesday, McCartney released New, their 21st album of all-original rock songs since the Beatles broke up, and the latest in a series of sometimes inspired, always well-crafted late-career records. With their first collection of entirely new material in five years on sale and much of their solo catalog in the midst of being remastered, now is a good time to dive into the deep tracks that deserve to be heard after your appetite for the same old McCartney mega-hits is exhausted. Even McCartney could use a refresher. “There's a huge period in the '70s — I couldn't tell you what was on the albums then,” they told NME earlier this month. “There are some tracks there. I've seen track listings and thought, ‘I wonder what that one's like?'” We're here to help.
“Deep tracks” is a relative term when it comes to the world's best-selling songwriter, but we'll do the best we can to stay semi-obscure by excluding Beatles songs, singles, and anything that charted, was included on a best-selling career compilation, or has been trotted out often on tour. And in honor of New, we'll make this a career-spanning top 21 list.
21. “Country Dreamer,” “Helen Wheels” B-side (1973)
The kind of catchy, unpolished sing-along song McCartney pumped out effortlessly in the first few years after the Beatles' breakup, when — aside from not having their old band backing them — they were still at the height of their powers. Easy to dismiss as lightweight, but tough to forget.
20. “That Would Be Something,” McCartney (1970)
McCartney rushed to be the first Beatle to release a record after Let It Be (Ringo Starr beat them to it), so their first solo album is full of unfinished ideas that could have been better had they been given more time to grow. This is one of the finished ones, though it still consists of only two repeated lines. Milking almost three minutes out of “That would be something / To meet you in the falling rain” is one of McCartney's more impressive feats.
19. “No Values,” Give My Regards to Broad Street (1984)
This is one of the highlights of an ill-conceived soundtrack album that consists mostly of inferior covers of previously released McCartney songs and approximately 18 versions of “No More Lonely Nights.” Aside from Starr's sweet aviators, you can safely ignore the music video, as well as the rest of the incomprehensible Magical Mystery Tour–esque movie.
18. “Friends to Go,” Chaos and Creation in the Backyard (2005)
A composition McCartney said reminded them more of George Harrison's style than their own, it's more melancholy than it sounds on first listen.
17. “Little Willow,” Flaming Pie (1997)
Written for Starr's children after the death of their ex-wife Maureen, “Little Willow” manages to tread the line between sentimental and mawkish. McCartney's voice doesn't sound strained, as it has on occasion in recent years, and except for a few ELO-esque backing vocals during the Beach Boys–y bridge, you'd never know it was produced by Jeff Lynne.
16. “Magneto and Titanium Man,” Venus and Mars (1975)
McCartney, a Marvel fan, constructed a song around comic book characters — and even commissioned original artwork by Jack Kirby to display on stage — years before people started to make movies about them. It's as goofy as they get, but it still makes more sense than Batman & Robin. Even if you don't like the lyrics, the organ groove and the harmonies make it worthwhile.
15. “The Pound Is Sinking,” Tug of War (1982)
A mashup of at least four melodies, each of which has a hook strong enough to carry a lesser song. The climax at 2:10 is a classic McCartney moment.
14. “Rinse the Raindrops,” Driving Rain (2001)
A relentless 10-minute jam like nothing else in the McCartney catalog. Backward guitar, primal screams, and tempo changes serve as the backdrop to one of post-prime McCartney's best vocals. It gets wild and weird without being boring. Makes “Helter Skelter” sound tame.
13. “I'll Give You a Ring,” “Take It Away” B-side (1982)
Straight out of the retro “Honey Pie”/“When I'm Sixty-Four”/“Your Mother Should Know”/“You Gave Me the Answer”/“Baby's Request” playbook, but with an uplifting, more modern-sounding middle eight that sets it apart from the pack.
12. “Don't Let It Bring You Down,” London Town (1978)
It's not the best song by this name, but it's one of the best cuts on London Town, a collection of strong songs whose reputation suffers somewhat from their slick production. There are too many lead guitar tracks to count, most of them phased or sustained, and McCartney starts out singing in an unusually low register before switching to falsetto. It will both bring you down and leave your toe tapping.
11. “I'm Carrying,” London Town (1978)
Given how much marijuana McCartney was smoking at the time, “I'm Carrying” sounds like the title of an ode to their stash, but — surprise! — it's just another love song. The overdubbed strings are understated enough not to be cloying, and the melody is as sweet as anything in their songbook.
10. “Mama's Little Girl,” “Put It There” B-side (Recorded 1972)
Recorded by Wings during the Red Rose Speedway sessions, this bright, finger-picked earworm with a dreamy vocal was available only on bootlegs until finally receiving an official release in 1990.
9. “Golden Earth Girl,” Off the Ground (1993)
The message is muddled, with words plucked out of a write-by-numbers psychedelic starter kit. (Eggshell seas!) All in all, it might be better if it were hummed instead of sung, but the song is so pretty that it doesn't matter that the lyrics are on the level of “Naaaature! Goulet.”
9. “Nothing Too Much Just Out of Sight,” Electric Arguments (2008)
McCartney has collaborated on three albums with producer Youth under the pseudonym “The Fireman.” The first two are instrumental electronica, but the most recent, Electric Arguments, adds vocals and sounds more like a regular McCartney record, albeit more improvised and experimental. The five-minute first track, on which Paul plays all the instruments and growls about betrayal, sounds like an attack on ex-wife Heather Mills, though McCartney insists it was inspired by the same guy who said “Ob-la-di, ob-la-da.” One of the few Macca tracks that makes people say, “Sounds like Led Zeppelin.”
7. “Wanderlust,” Tug of War (1982)
A soaring, triumphant, and mercifully synth-less song that sounds epic if you pretend it's about something more significant than Macca wanting to be left alone while they light up.
6. “Some People Never Know,” Wild Life (1971)
You have to like (or at least live with) Linda McCartney's vocals to enjoy most of the music from this period, and this song is no exception. If you're not bothered by the dual lead, you'll dig the rest: a tender tune with some roughness around the edges and none of the schmaltz that mars some of McCartney's more famous ballads.
5. “Beware My Love,” Wings at the Speed of Sound (1976)
McCartney's reaction to the criticism that their '70s output was sullied by sappy (but incredibly catchy) pop pablum was to double down with “Silly Love Songs,” a faux-protest song with a cute and cuddly cause. “Beware My Love,” a harder-rocking song from the same album, was a more convincing response. It's a love song that makes you want to stay single.
4. “Monkberry Moon Delight,” Ram (1971)
Clever, memorable nonsense lyrics sung in McCartney's best “Why Don't We Do It in the Road?” voice. It takes only two or three listens before you're belting out “WELL, I KNOW MY BANANA IS OLDER THAN THE REST.”
3. “Treat Them Gently/Lonely Old People,” Venus and Mars (1975)
McCartney medleys didn't end with Abbey Road. This one, a sweeping ballad that wouldn't have sounded out of place on the Beatles' last album, links two love songs about a couple (or couples) at the beginning and end of their time together. It evokes some actual emotion, unlike some equally tuneful but slightly superficial efforts.
2. “Oh Woman, Oh Why,” “Another Day” B-side (1971)
John Lennon disparaged what they felt was a forgettable A-side to this track in their McCartney put-down “How Do You Sleep?” singing, “And since you're gone you're just Another Day.” They might've liked the B-side better. But be warned: Singing along can be hazardous to your health. As far as I can tell, McCartney has never performed this song live, which might be because they couldn't sing it more than once without doing irreparable damage to their vocal cords.
1. “Little Lamb Dragonfly,” Red Rose Speedway (1973)
A mini-medley from what might be McCartney's most Beatle-esque album. Originally intended for an animated children's movie that wasn't made until the '80s, the lyrics are simple (with lots of “la la las”) but still convey a sense of loss. (Like every other McCartney song released in the early '70s, this one was linked to Lennon, which was a stretch.) Jangly guitars, warm production, and plenty of texture. If you want to know whether Wings are for you, start here.
Honorable mentions: “Dear Boy” (1971), “Little Woman Love” (1972), “I Lie Around” (1973), “Love in Song” (1975), “San Ferry Anne” (1976), “Café on the Left Bank” (1978), “Morse Moose and the Grey Goose” (1978), “Cage” (1979), “Nobody Knows” (1980), “One of These Days” (1980), “Somebody Who Cares” (1982), “Ballroom Dancing” (1982), “Flying to My Home” (1989), “That Day Is Done” (1989), “Down to the River” (1993), “What It Is” (1999), “Your Way,” (2001), “Mr. Bellamy” (2007), “That Was Me” (2007)
Five singles you might've missed: “Arrow Through Me” (1979), “Old Siam, Sir” (1979), “This One” (1989), “Put It There” (1990), “No Other Baby” (1999)
Five commendable collaborations: “The Man Who Found God on the Moon” (Mike McGear, 1974), “Get It” (with Carl Perkins, 1982), “You Want Them Too” (with Elvis Costello, 1989), “Walk With You” (with Starr, 2009), “Cut Me Some Slack” (with remaining members of Nirvana, 2012)
Best demo McCartney never officially released or recorded: “Goodbye” (Written for/recorded by Mary Hopkin, 1969)
McCartney didn't stop making Beatles-caliber music when their first band broke up. If you can find the time to take in 20-plus albums, you'll discover that their solo catalog has more to offer than most, even with its best songs tied behind its back. The more classics an artist has produced, the more people are inclined to yada yada yada the rest of their material — but the better their B-sides are.
If one of your favorites isn't on here, it's probably because it didn't meet all the criteria for inclusion. But it might be because I overlooked it or couldn't cram it in, in which case you should leave a comment and let me know. After all, omission from a deep tracks list is the ultimate snub.
This article by Dr. Ann Keilkamp came out today and I was drawn to post it here. It's a written overview of yesterday's Bill Wood and Eva Lee YouTube message (see also MP3s post here. I felt this was well put together, and summarizes many of the key points in Bill and Eva's presentation.
[Just a note, Bill's last name is spelled “Brockbrader”]
—————————————————————————
Is the real Obama about to stand up?
by 9:26 am, May 7, 2012
Please watch or listen to this series of videos that I found at kauilapele.org [kauilapele.wordpress.com] at 3:30 A.M this morning:
Mass arrests — New Information with Bill Wood and Eva Moore
If Bill Brockbader (aka Wood) is right, then President Obama has been with us all along, and has had to pretend not to be in order to get the information required to build the massive and complex enterprise necessary to take down the cabal, starting with Keener's liens against the Fed and the coming mass arrests.
If Brockbader is right, then NDAA and other presidential signing orders, including the most recent, returning the U.S. to International Law, are all to prepare the way legally for these mass arrests.
If Brockbader is right, then Obama had no idea, when they entered the presidency, that it would take so long to bring “hope” to America and the peoples of the world, and so has had to withstand not only the continuous pushback of both houses of Congress, but the vilification of most of those who “believed” in them and the massive p.r. cabal campaign to discredit them through hired internet nay-sayers and owned-and-operated mainstream media.
If Brockbader is right, and all of this is information new to them as well, then the first signal Obama sent to the cabal of their intentions was the sex scandal of the Secret Service in Columbia that was used to eliminate some of them from “protecting” them since they were part of the problem. “Sex scandal,” is of course, a sure-fire cover story that the American people can understand and get behind.
If Brockbader is right, then the next signals will be given at the NATO and G8 meetings this month.
If Brockbader is right, then Mathew and Salusa, other channeled messengers, and Steve Beckow have been right all along: Obama is a good guy, and protected from harm by powers beyond what the cabal can muster up.
Please listen or watch this entire series, and if you find Brockbader as compelling as I do, then spread the word. Quickly. When the mass arrests begin, it will be crucial that enough of us know what their real meaning is to offset the massive disinfo campaign that will follow, screaming that it is the NWO descending and therefore we should grab our guns and run into the streets.
Listen up! The military and police will be helping to keep the peace as this massive historic undertaking to cleanse this planet and civilization of what has just about destroyed it is initiated.
The plan is for utilities to remain connected and on. Distribution lines will be protected, though there may be some temporary stoppage.
Important to have food, water, toilet paper, etc., full gas tanks, and extra food and water for others who will need it, if possible.
If Brockbader is right, then within a day or two, TV will be returned to real journalism, and massive education will begin, of the real history of the U.S. and the world, including 9/11, the Kennedy and other assassinations, etc. The public is bound to go into shock as its thoroughly brainwashed world-view is dismantled.
We need to be prepared to stand up and speak the truth to naysayers; prepared to stay centered, and in equanimity, so that we can help hold the frequency field of love that we have been training for, and that we triggered for good on May 5, with the global meditation on the Super Full Moon.
The entire operation, according to Brockbader and Drake, during which banks will be closed, will take the financial system down to zero, and start it up again under a completely new basis, of equity, rather than debt. The bad guys will have been defeated and the human race freed.
This global operation appears to “get the green light” some time this month? Not sure about that. It seems so. Or June.
I listened to most of Drake's new message as well, and then went back to sleep. Drake, when asked about Obama's intentions, said, cryptically, “he might be a switcheroo” — and I have no idea what that meant. They did not elaborate. I don't think they have the info that has just come through Brockbader.
When asked whether we have the technology to clean up Fukushima, Drake said that yes, we do. “It comes with one word, ‘Disclosure.'” (Of ETs.) Another revelation sure to put many people into shock and awe, given nearly 70 years of constant subliminal cultural conditioning to view ETs/EDs as “alien.”
Of interest to me in this context, Veterans Today editor Gordon Duff ‘s recent piece in which they wondered whether Obama was a white hat posing as a black hat in order to take down the cabal. Their indicator was the recent signing that returned the U.S. to international law: Obama rejoins ICC — US no longer rogue state.
19.492516 -155.917974
Earlier this month it was confirmed that Dishonored 2 will feature gay and bisexual characters. The game‘s co-creative director Harvey Smith explained that with the stealth/action sequel, the development team had made an effort to be “more reflective of how the world works and to be less homogenous.”
Although Dishonored 2's presence at E3 2016 didn't offer any more details on which of the game's characters are gay or bisexual, according to Smith, fans shouldn't expect these characters to be background scenery. Find out more after the break.
Dishonored 2 Gay and Bisexual Characters Won't Be in the Background
On Twitter, a fan asked the Dishonored 2 co-creative director whether whether the “gay and bi characters in dis 2 are prominent characters-target-, or more background characters.” Known for their somewhat brief responses on social media, Smith replied with just one word; “prominent.”
While there's very little to go on regarding any of the characters at the moment, the confirmation that Dishonored 2's gay and bisexual characters will be at the forefront of the action is a positive sign. Smith's tweet also helps to eliminate concerns that their previous comments were just lip service, or that Dishonored 2 developer Arkane Studios isn't serious about its efforts of better representation.
@FieryPhoenix7 If Dis1 was 8-12 hours for most people, Dis2 is probably 12-20. — Harvey Smith (@Harvey1966) June 13, 2016
In other Dishonored 2 news, Smith also revealed that the game will “probably” take around 12-20 hours to complete. Unfortunately, Smith didn't address whether or not the game will feature side quests but that estimated completion time will be good news to those who played the original Dishonored and felt that the series' debut was too short.
Dishonored 2 will be released on November 11 on PC, PS4 and Xbox One.
© AP Veterans attend an annual job fair earlier this year in Miami. Many state unemployment insurance funds are in precarious financial shape. (AP)
Tens of billions of dollars in debt. Cuts to jobless aid that have been called “historic and disturbing.” Unemployment insurance trust funds that are still clawing their way back to solvency.
This is the Great Recession's legacy for the nation's unemployment safety net. The sustained downturn and spike in joblessness stressed state programs to an extent not seen in decades, requiring emergency federal aid. Now, unemployment nationwide has fallen to 5.5 percent and the amount of unemployment benefits paid in the states has dropped to pre-recession norms in many cases. Federal jobless aid to extend benefits expired last year.
Yet many state unemployment insurance trust funds still face a deficit. Those that are in the black often have balances below pre-recession peaks. And many states are paying less in benefits. The result is a safety net significantly weaker than it was before the recession.
Six years after the end of the recession, many state officials and labor analysts are concerned about what will happen to jobless benefits once another economic downturn arrives.
“When it comes, the (unemployment) program is going to be weaker and less effective than it was in the last recession,” said Wayne Vroman, a senior fellow in the Center on Labor, Human Services and Population at the Urban Institute. “The consequences are going to be there in the next recession, and it will be obvious.”
Weathering a Downturn
State unemployment insurance trust funds are designed to be built up during good economic times to pay benefits to more people during bad times. Employers pay federal and state taxes finance the system.
But in many cases, the buildup during flush times doesn't happen, or not enough to cover a deep downturn. And in the last recession, states paid the price.
Even states with the strongest trust funds before the recession saw their balances plummet into the red. They were forced to turn to Washington for loans to pay benefits. As of the end of 2014, California, New York and Ohio each remained more than $1 billion in the red. California has by far the largest deficit, nearly $8.6 billion. Ten states still have negative trust fund balances, which together total $13 billion in debt.
See Stateline's data visualization at the top of this story to see how individual state account balances performed.
Three-dozen states owed the federal government more than $47 billion at the borrowing's peak in 2011. As of April 1, 10 of those states had a combined debt of $12.5 billion. Another $8 billion in debt is estimated to be owed by states to the private bond market, although exact figures for that debt are harder to pin down.
The return to a better financial footing has been a long process. It wasn't until last year that the combined balance for all state trust funds returned to the black. Even then, the total was below the pre-recession peak: $16 billion at the end of last year compared to $41 billion in September 2007.
Four states (Delaware, New Mexico, Rhode Island and South Dakota) had balances below $100 million at the end of last year. Rhode Island had the lowest at $16.2 million. The average balance among the states was $309.7 million at the end of last year compared to $770.6 million in September 2007.
Handling Debt
The big question for the states now is where to go from here.
States still in debt to the federal government face interest charges of about 2.3 percent per fiscal year as of last week (the federal stimulus bill waived interest charges through 2010). For those with the most debt, federal tax penalties on their employers have taken effect, meaning businesses have to pay more in taxes until the state repays its debt. Employers in seven states (California, Connecticut, Indiana, Kentucky, New York, North Carolina and Ohio) are subject to the penalties, which range from an additional 1.2 percent to 1.7 percent tax.
Concerned that employers might have to pay penalties, many states turned to the private market to pay off their federal debt. Michigan did. Its trust fund was $384 million in the red at the beginning of 2007, and fell nearly $3.9 billion in debt in 2011. The state turned to the private market for a loan, which it has said it expects to pay back by the end of the decade. Michigan's trust fund was nearly $2.1 billion in the black at the end of last year, U.S. Treasury data show.
Michigan was among a group of states that took part in another debt-driven trend from the recession: reducing the number of weeks of benefits available to people who lost their jobs.
At least eight states currently offer fewer than 26 weeks of unemployment checks, which is the historical standard for the unemployment system that dates to the 1930s. North Carolina, for example, limited benefits to as few as 15 weeks. Few, if any, of those states have discussed reinstating longer-term benefits now that the economy has recovered. “The program is weaker right now,” the Urban Institute's Vroman said.
Having depleted or debt-ridden trust funds has forced states to consider a variety of strategies for returning them to solvency. Some debated levying higher taxes if trust funds fell below a certain level, while others opted to raise taxes to shore up funds. Colorado, for example, enacted a surcharge in 2010 on employers who laid off more workers to try to cover a deficit of more than $500 million. The state later borrowed on the private market to repay its federal loan, lowering taxes for businesses in the process. The state's trust fund was nearly $482 million in the black at the end of last year.
Economic considerations and the political climate affect the financial health of each state's fund. Every state wants a fund robust enough to help the jobless until they can find other work. At the same time, states are wary of taxing employers too much for fear of discouraging employers from hiring more people, or driving them to another state where the tax burden isn't as great.
California, for example, is one of two states (Arizona is the other) that levies its unemployment payroll tax only on the first $7,000 of wages paid per employee. Loree Levy, a spokesperson for the state's Employment Development Department, said that has hamstrung the state.
“We went into this last recession and the fund was not in a very strong balance situation,” they said. “You certainly do want to have a more healthy fund balance heading into the next recession. It's just a matter of how quickly can that occur?”
Scott B. Sanders, executive director of the National Association of State Workforce Agencies, said states must strike a balance between the need for a sufficient trust fund and the burden unemployment taxes place on employers.
“The question is, 'What are the states that have these issues doing to prepare themselves going forward?'” Sanders said. “Are we and our states positioned to handle the next recession if it comes? I think it's going to be a struggle for a lot of states.”
Students from IIT-Roorkee have decided to organise a crowdfunding campaign to collect Rs 50 lakh, an amount that is going to be used to build bio-toilets on the ghats of the Ganga and design drones to monitor water pollution. They will be doing this as a contribution to the 'Clean Ganga' campaign.
Image Source: Business Line
The campaign, named 'Aviral Ganga', aims to highlight the alarming degradation of the holy river despite the Centre making so many efforts to clean it.
The initiative is being guided by the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organisation (UNESCO), the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), the Centre for Environment Education, and the South Asian Youth Environment Network (SAYEN). An announcement regarding the initiative was made at the inaugural day of IIT-Roorkee's annual fest 'Cognizance'.
Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu was scheduled to inaugurate the three-day conference that was organised, but as they were not able to make it, a video recording of their message was played during the programme.
According to PTI, convenor for the campaign, Anant Pratap Singh, said,
A team of 70 students from IIT-Roorkee, guided by the faculty members, will be holding a series of events throughout the year to raise funds to the tune of Rs 50 lakh for the cause. It will then be handed over to the partnering NGO Shuddhi which will take up the further task of building bio-toilets.
Anant also added that the faculty members are planning to raise around Rs 10 lakh for the campaign. As per PTI, they also said,
During the festival, a drone-making competition will also be organised to make drones capable of monitoring the pollution level of rivers and other water bodies.
IIT-Roorkee Director AK Chaturvedi also added that the students have taken up the initiative besides their contributions to policy making and development of workable models to cater to problem areas.
They felicitated six 'unsung heroes' who had done considerable work for the Clean Ganga campaign. Those honoured included Ganga Bachao Andolan 2000 Founder Vikas Chandra; Himalayan Chipko Foundation Founder Jaiprakash Dabral; Omni Present Robot Tech Founder Akash Sinha; Help Us Green Co-founder Ankit Agarwal; and Veditam Ganga Co-founder Siddhant Aggarwal.
Do you have an interesting story to share? Please write to us at tci@yourstory.com. To stay updated with more positive news, please connect with us on Facebook and Twitter.
Every clear-thinking American knows that education and jobs are needed more than armed guards in poor neighborhoods. But average Americans are led to believe in a terrorist threat that may or may not exist, and that in any case is greatly exaggerated, while the corporate/military/political complex creates new forms of terror to safeguard the assets of the rich.
Advertisement:
1. War Terror
It started with our leaders comparing notes on Iraq:
Cheney 08/26/02: There is no doubt that Saddam Hussein now has weapons of mass destruction.
Cheney 09/14/03: We never had evidence that they had acquired a nuclear weapon.
Powell 02/05/03: Iraq today has a stockpile of between 100 and 500 tons of chemical weapons agents.
Powell 09/13/04: I think it's unlikely that we will find any stockpiles.
Bush 05/29/03: We found the weapons of mass destruction.
Bush 10/08/04: I wasn't happy when we found out there wasn't weapons.
In the first Iraqi war, two air missions per minute were conducted over 43 days, with the equivalent of seven Hiroshima bombs dropped on a largely defenseless country. Much of the slaughter was caused by "dumb bombs" that fell on civilian areas. U.S. troops attacked retreating Iraqi soldiers with cluster bombs and napalm as American pilots, adopting metaphors such as 'turkey shoot' and 'fish in a barrel,' conducted target practice from above. Some Iraqis were buried alive by bulldozers that spread tons of sand over them.
In the end, at least 190,000 Iraqi lives were destroyed in a war that cost over $2.2 trillion. A Johns Hopkins study puts the tally much higher, with an estimate of 650,000 Iraqi deaths.
Advertisement:
2. Drone Terror
In Pakistan, civilians can hear the droning in the sky all day long. Said one resident: "I can't sleep...when the drones are there...I hear them making that sound, that noise. The drones are all over my brain." A humanitarian worker added, "I was in New York on 9/11...This is what it is like."
When bombings kill townspeople, their family and friends are often afraid to run to their aid, because standard procedure is to bomb the first responders. Afterwards the funerals are sometimes bombed.
A Pew survey reported that 75% of Pakistanis consider us their enemy. A former advisor to General Petraeus stated, "Every one of these dead noncombatants represents an alienated family, a new desire for revenge, and more recruits for a militant movement.." Indeed, militant groups have rapidly been forming, such as Lashkar, which has been attacking U.S. troops across the border in Afghanistan. The sentiment goes beyond Pakistan. A spokesperson for Yemen, also under attack, told a U.S. Senate committee, "What radicals had previously failed to achieve in my village, one drone strike accomplished in an instant: There is now an intense anger and growing hatred of America."
Advertisement:
The disease is spreading. There are now 737 U.S. Military Bases around the world, and over 2.5 million military personnel. Since 9/11 about 100 new generals and admirals have been added to the ranks of top brass, all with private jets and chefs and guards and secretaries and drivers.
Africa, already swollen with a U.S. military presence, is under further siege by the Pentagon. The Economist speaks of "Afrighanistan," calling it "the next front of the global war on terror."
3. Unconstitutional Terror
Advertisement:
The Fourth Amendment guarantees the "right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures."
Since 9/11, numerous measures have been employed in the name of national security: The Patriot Act, Homeland Security, the National Security Agency, and the National Defense Authorization Act. The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act has facilitated the monitoring of foreign communications in the name of anti-terrorism.
Internet privacy has been threatened by proposals like the Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA) and the Protect IP Act (PIPA). Privacy is at risk with the Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act (CISPA), passed in the House.
Advertisement:
In addition, new techniques such as Iris Scans, License Plate Recognition, GPS devices in pharmaceutical products, and Facial Recognition Technology invade our privacy. Drones are flying over our homes. The National Security Agency is building a data center big enough to store every email, text, phone call, web search, and video in the United States. With the Electronic Communications Privacy Act on its side, government is authorized to take anything it can get.
4. Terror against Opponents of Unconstitutional Terror
In 1778 the Continental Congress created the first whistleblower protection law by declaring "it is the duty of all persons in the service of the United States to give the earliest information to Congress or other proper authority of any misconduct, frauds, or misdemeanors committed by any officers or persons in the service of these states."
In 2008 Barack Obama campaigned with a pledge to "strengthen whistleblower laws to protect federal workers who expose waste, fraud, and abuse of authority in government."
Advertisement:
But Bradley Manning was found guilty of espionage for reporting extreme cases of war misconduct. And Edward Snowden faces prison for reporting abuses of the 4th Amendment by the NSA.
The hypocrisy continues with the proposed Animal and Ecological Terrorism Act, which would have made it an act of terror to report on the terrorizing of animals. And with the efforts of TransCanada Corporation to convince law enforcement agencies that pipeline protestors are terrorists.
Going even further, FBI documents reveal that the agency repeatedly monitored Occupy Wall Street activities, viewing them as possible acts of terrorism.
5. The Terror of Poverty
Advertisement:
The largely imagined threat of foreign attacks is diverting billions of dollars into a Homeland Security fund that safeguards the assets of the rich, while the poverty rate for black children has risen to almost 50 percent, and unemployment among blacks has almost doubled the rate of whites.
Meanwhile, paranoia has infiltrated our schools. As K-12 education has been cut by $20 billion over five years, and as funding for guidance counselors and school psychologists has dropped to all-time lows, the Department of Justice's COPS Office has awarded over $750 million for the hiring of more than 6,500 police officers for schools, even though studies show that placing armed police in schools actuallyincreases physical dangers to youth.
People burdened by economic oppression and authoritarian rule can begin to understand Frederick Douglass' bitter words to their own country, on behalf of the American slave: To them your boasted liberty [is] an unholy license; your national greatness, swelling vanity; your sounds of rejoicing are empty and heartless; your denunciation of tyrants, brass-fronted impudence; your shouts of liberty and equality, hollow mockery.
Last Saturday, the 10th of July, a large group of people demonstrated against Mercadona in Valencia to publicly denounce the harassment which workers at this cruel business are subject to.
People started to gather in front of the Mercadona situated on the post road in Valencia. The idea was to demonstrate for an hour in front of the entrance of the supermarket to denounce the consecutive dismissals of various comrades and the harassment that continues inside the store. Comrades from Alicante, Elda, Alcoi, Sagunto, Pilar de la Horadada, Radio Malva and other sympathizers who wanted to find out about CNT's positions towards the abuses of Mercadona came.
People started to hand our leaflets and and we found out that the company had already learned about the call for a protest and had hired security guards especially for the occasion. The business policies of this firm was loudly denounced over megaphones. A girl was discovered making videos and photographs of the demonstrators and had flee, to the astonishment of the passersby who saw the anti-union and espionage tactics typically used by Mercadona against all who criticize their abuse. In a moment of tension, a security guard hired by the company came out of the shop and tried to assault a comrade. They had to quickly flee and hid like a coward.
At 12:30 we left and marched in a block to another Mercadona located nearby. Hundreds of leaflets were distributed around the neighbourhood and the demonstrations of solidarity by the people there was overwhelming. A few people who knew the ex-workers affected joined the demonstration during its short but intense path.
At 13:00 we arrived at the shop on the 1 de Mayo Avenue, where a comrade who had been working there was a direct victim of the harassment and abuse of the coordinator of the facility. This shop had also hired security services for the occasion and two guards were observing us from inside the store. Many neighbours who knew the comrade joined in and refused to shop at such establishments. What surprised us most was the attitude of the two security guards who did not allow people who had a leaflet in their hands to enter and were grabbing them out of people's hands and throwing them in the trash. We also discovered various vehicles who were circling around the area and videotaping the protest; they were invited to leave the area immediately.
The event ended at 14:00 with shouts and applause for the protest and the combative nature sustained during its 2.5 hours. Thousands of leaflets were distributed and we managed to empty two shops almost completely. The whole neighbourhood was informed of the bullying practices of Mercadona. The comrades from Radio Malva did live interviews with some of the workers affected who told about their conflicts. You can listen to this here: http://radioslliures.org/audios/
More than five years have passed since the CNT started to take a stand against this cruel company: protests, demonstrations, informational pickets and a long, indefinite strike. The fight has just begun and until Mercadona stops its harassment, mobbing and anti-union repression, we will not abandon our struggle, even though the other unions remain silent and actively collaborate with the management to get rid of workers who are fighting for their dignity.
For more information on Mercadona and to access the forum, go to: http://www.cnt.es/mercacoso
MERCADONA HARRASSES AND DISMISSES
THE CNT CANNOT BE BOUGHT OR SOLD
ORGANÍZE AND FIGHT!
Source and photos: http://www.cnt.es/noticias/cronica-y-fotos-manifestacion-en-valencia-contra-el-acoso-laboral-de-mercadona
Translation: http://cia.bzzz.net/english_news
The debate around the scalability of the Bitcoin network has changed tone. When the bitcoin supporter and developer Mike Hearn publicly left the open source project last week, they did so with a few parting shots. They stated that bitcoin was “a failure” on their way out of the door; a claim that led to a whole host of negative media coverage. It may also have had an influence on the price, as BTC/USD fell around 15 percent following the announcement. That led to a barrage of criticism of Hearn, some of which degenerated into the personal.
Many felt that it was sour grapes as their proposed “solution” to the scalability problem, BitcoinXT, had not found the support it needed among miners and therefore looks like fading into obscurity. Others claimed that they were motivated by personal gain, and saw the whole thing as a publicity stunt for R3CEV, a startup servicing major financial institutions for which Hearn is the Chief Platform Officer.
Either, neither nor both may be the case, but assigning motivation to others is always a dangerous and pointless thing. In this case it also makes some of the bitcoin's strengths, its openness and the diversity of opinion amongst the community, look like a weakness.
Whatever Hearn's reasons for leaving, their assertion that Bitcoin had failed is simply not true. It may have failed in some ways to live up to their expectations, but the simple fact that a discussion of scalability is needed is a product of the success of the digital currency project. If the popularity and real world usage of the currency and the network weren't growing there would be no need to increase the transaction capacity.
The discussion of how best to achieve that is ongoing, and the fact that it is happening now, before change is essential, is a sign of strength in itself. True democracy and decentralization are, by their very nature, messy. Without centralized control decisions are hard to come by, but there is a lot to be said for the wisdom afforded by multiple minds.
At the end of last year, in an article here attempting to peer into Bitcoin's future, I stated that the whole debate around scalability would be a chance for Bitcoin to display its open, inclusive, democratic nature and as such would be a positive for the currency. That looked way off the mark as the negative publicity surrounding Hearn's departure caused a drop in price, but on the assumption that consensus will be reached at some point, it could easily still be true.
As long as that consensus is reached before the network is at capacity and as long as the adopted solution works as intended, the benefits of an open source system will simply be better known. Indeed, after that initial drop as Hearn's comments gained traction, BTC/USD has recovered to be back above $400 on the Coindesk Bitcoin Price Index (BPI) at the time of writing.
The market, it seems, has spoken and has decided that as more conventional carriers of wealth, stocks and commodities, collapse, bitcoin is far from a “failure.”
To paraphrase Mark Twain, then, it would seem that reports of Bitcoin's death are greatly exaggerated. The network faces a huge challenge in the near future as a solution to continuing increases in popularity must be found, but that is in many ways a wonderful problem to have. I simply hope that the debate going forward ignores the personal and focuses instead on the reason that the network needs scaling, and on finding an agreed upon and workable update.
A German newspaper, the Hamburger Morgenpost, that reprinted the Charlie Hebdo cartoons says it suffered an arson attack overnight.
The incident happened at about 2 am local time.Unidentified people threw stones and an incendiary device into the building housing the “Hamburger Morgenpost” tabloid newspaper in Hamburg, Germany's second largest city.
“Rocks and then a burning object were thrown through the window,” a police spokesperson told AFP. “Two rooms on the lower floors were damaged but the fire was put out quickly.”
READ MORE: Vigils held across Europe in support of Charlie Hebdo, press freedom (PHOTOS)
Nobody was hurt in the attack, police say.The newspaper said there were no people inside the building when the attack happened.
The attack was launched from a courtyard in the newspaper's building and hit its archive room, where some files burned.
“It's true: Tonight there was an arson attack on our newspaper,” the Hamburger Morgenpost said on Twitter.
Es ist wahr: Heute Nacht gab es einen Brandanschlag auf unsere Redaktion: http://t.co/fFRbA4Yd5u — Hamburger Morgenpost (@mopo) January 11, 2015
Police have arrested two men who were behaving suspiciously in the area at the time of the attack, said the newspaper. The authorities have launched an investigation.
The Hamburger Morgenpost reprinted cartoons created by the Charlie Hebdo magazine whose HQ in Paris was attacked on January 7. Twelve people, including famous cartoonists, were killed in the massacre.
Meanwhile, German police arrested a suspected supporter of the so-called Islamic State (IS) and raided their home in the western state of North Rhine-Westphalia, Reuters reports. The 24-year-old suspect is suspected of having joined the group following a year-long trip to Syria.
There are no indications that they were planning any sort of attack or was connected to the events in Paris.
READ MORE: Charlie Hebdo attack: Chief editor Charb, cartoonists Cabu, Wolinski, Tignous killed
After the Paris shooting, the newspaper published three Charlie Hebdo cartoons on its front page. “This much freedom must be possible!” said the headline.
Police, however, didn't comment on possible links between the arson attack on the German newspaper and the Charlie Hebdo massacre, saying it was "too soon" to know for certain.
“People always say they're going to go get local, grass-fed beef, but no one says they're going to their SPCA to get their local dog meat,” says Nassim Nobari.  They are program director and co-founder of the Millahcayotl Association, a group that, according to its website, “seeks to foster sustainable and just food systems that are independent of animal exploitation.”
Nobari was speaking December 6 at the People's Harvest Forum in San Francisco, a weekend conference organized by Millahcayotl to address food justice, housing issues and urban agriculture through the lens of animal liberation. They say they hope to adapt the food sovereignty movement—which calls for food production to be healthy, environmentally conscious and, crucially, democratically controlled—so that it no longer looks towards animals as food sources.
The conference also aimed to give animal advocates insights into other agricultural issues. Getting a bunch of vegans to come hear about the Zapatistas' struggle for autonomy in Mexico, or a San Francisco group working to increase fruit and vegetable access in the (incongruously named) Tenderloin neighborhood—as the People's Harvest Forum did—creates a rare opportunity for dialogue, says Millahcayotl co-founder Chema Hernández Gil. In fact, Gil and Nobari say they believe their conference is the first to bring together these issues.
The forum began with journalist Christopher Cook, author of Diet for a Dead Planet: Big Business and the Coming Food Crisis (the subtitle has changed since publication, it was originally “How the Food Industry is Killing Us”). Cook, whose work has also appeared in In These Times, painted a grim picture of U.S. agriculture: poor labor conditions, unhealthy food, environmental pollution and increased corporate control—and still people are left hungry.
Society should not blame abuses solely on bad actors, they argue, but also direct its attention to the context within which these actors operate. Corporations like Monsanto, Walmart and Cargill “are not an aberration, they are a natural product of capitalism,” they say.
While Cook's prognoses are far from rosy, they maintain, “Solutions are already out there.” Organic and agro-ecological food production is proven to work, they say, so the problem is not one of technology but instead of “economics and politics and power.”
They didn't explicitly advocate a vegan diet but called on people to eat less meat, citing the industry's disregard for human workers, ecological impacts and farmed animal welfare.
While the conference was specifically themed around animal liberation, many of the first day's speakers did not feature animal ethics in their organization's work or in their presentations.
Improved animal welfare standards are a common goal for food reformers, but for many they are not a top priority. Even those who put animal treatment in the foreground—for example, Joel Salatin, whose work has been featured in Rural America In These Times—often call for a “humane” approach to meat, dairy and eggs as opposed to a fully vegan food system. Salatin and others support animals having ample space to pursue biologically ingrained behaviors and live a happy, healthy life, with slaughter as quick and painless as possible. This conference, said organizers, was aimed to start putting animal liberation—an end to the slaughter altogether—into the conversation.
Another first day speaker was Hernández Gil, with a talk entitled “The Collapse of Traditional Mexican Food Systems.” They had grown up in a small town (coincidentally, also named San Francisco) made up largely of indigenous people in Mexico, with local, plant-based agriculture. (In fact, the name “Millahcayotl” comes in part from “milpa,” the Nahuatl word for the traditional cultivation of squash, corn and beans.)
According to Gil, their rural village's time-honored food customs have been changing in large part due to cheap U.S. corn (especially since NAFTA, they said) and the influx of corporations like Coca-Cola.
The forum's second morning was accompanied by a whole lot of organic persimmons, grown about 150 miles away by farmer Helen Atthowe. (Ever the intrepid reporter, I gave one a try. And then another.)
The first day had dealt in various ways with corporate influence on the food supply, and while the second day didn't drop this theme, it is also more directly confronted the animal question.
At the conference, Zapatista posters were held down at the corners by veganic persimmons. (Photo: Dayton Martindale)
A "veganic" approach to farming
Atthowe has been a certified organic farmer since 1988, and has since transitioned to “veganic.” This refers to organic production without using material from captive animals, even manure (although some wild animals, including pollinators and earthworms, play a role).
They say that growing up on a cattle farm, where “we gave those cows life and then we killed them,” soured them against killing. They have since tried to make an “unconditional effort to keep all things alive and growing.”
While they said they hold a high opinion of organic farming, they added they feel conventional organics fail to make this effort. They claimed their methods—no insecticides, no clearing land to control weeds, manure-free fertilizer—not only work but ultimately help their farm be more productive. An audience member questioned whether their approach could be scaled up to feed all humanity. Atthowe says they were “not going to say it's going to be easy,” but insisted they believed it was possible.
Joe Kilcoyne, co-founder of Wild Earth Farm and Sanctuary in Kentucky, was another vegan permaculture farmer speaking at the conference. Wild Earth is a refuge for pigs and ducks (with plans to open up to other species) as well as an organic permaculture food producer. Unlike Atthowe's, Kilcoyne's vegetable farm uses manure fertilizer from nonhuman—and human—sources.
Kilcoyne criticized human coercion over humans and nonhumans alike, and called for an anarchist society based on mutual, voluntary interactions. An activist for years, they said removing themselves from relationships built on force, and trying to create a peaceful alternative to the state could be more effective than direct confrontation.
Another speaker, Eugene Cooke, of the organization Grow Where You Are urged attendees—many of whom had an activist background—to “avoid the conflict and be creative.”
Originally from south central Los Angeles and now based in Atlanta, Cooke helps create community gardens in cities, and has worked their own veganic urban farm since before they knew the word “veganic.”
“Often I'm invited to spaces like these being the only black man talking to you about growing food,” they say, noting last weekend's event was no exception. “Considering this country's history, that's ironic,” they add.
“The reason I grow food is because other than that I have no connection to this place,” meaning America, they later adds. “So I touch the earth every single day just to know that I'm still relevant.”
A father, veganic farmer and co-founder of Grow Where you Are, Eugene Cooke has traveled around the world helping to set up small-scale, intensive local food systems. (Photo: prlog.org)
Food, community and the price of rent
Wrapping up the conference were housing activists Chirag Gunvantbhai Bhakta and Oscar Grande, who discussed the risk that community gardens and health food stores can drive up rent prices. In low-income communities, health and environmental initiatives can be seen as harbingers of gentrification.
For individuals struggling to maintain shelter, they suggested, vegetables and animal rights aren't always the highest priorities.
The question of whether the housing crisis must be solved before the food crisis, or whether both problems can be attacked at once, brought comment from Atlanta grower Cooke.
One of their community farms in Atlanta had helped make the area a tourist spot, displacing the homeless, they explain. “Damn,” they had thought. “I was the first tool of gentrification.”
But pitting food and housing justice against each other is counterproductive, Cooke says. They add that despite the outcome of gentrification, they had also created a space for people to come together and learn about each other and their food, and came away with ideas for what to do differently next time.
One audience member from an animal advocacy network asked what their organization could do to support housing and economic justice groups. The answers were complicated, and they continued talking after the forum officially ended, but Bhakta and Grande did agree on one thing: Their groups would welcome donations of free vegan food for meetings.
Grande's organization, People Organizing to Demand Environmental and Economic Rights (PODER), helps run an urban garden. They say it “doesn't yield a lot of food,” but that their group measures the garden's success in terms of building community and spreading knowledge.
As another speaker, Antonio Roman-Alcala, had noted the previous day, urban gardens cannot provide all the food cities need. There is simply not enough space, they pointed out, and urban agriculture lacks the government subsidy structure that sustains conventional farming.
So even in San Francisco, food sovereignty does not mean breaking ties with the rural. But some argue it should mean breaking ties with the slaughterhouse.
We usually point people to the Play Store for apps, but it's really a one-stop-shop for all the things, depending on where you live. Due to laws, licenses, and any number of variables, products aren't simply available to everyone at once, which makes it our job to inform you when things pop up in another area. As it turns out, Play Movies has launched in Austria.
Here's what an Android Police reader in Austria was pleasantly surprised by when they recently paid the Play Store a visit.
Sure enough, Austria has made the list on Google's Play Store support page as well. You can get to the content via the new red button on the Play Store home page and fire them up via the dedicated Play Movies app. You can also access them on a Chromebook or in a web browser as well. So sit back with a bowl of popcorn and enjoy.
Thanks, Simeon Mac.
More than a thousand bars of silver have been recovered from a shipwreck three miles beneath the Atlantic off the coast of Ireland. The treasure is the heaviest and deepest collection of precious metals ever recovered from a ship wreck, according to Odyssey Marine Exploration, the American company responsible for the haul. The total bounty amounted to 1,203 silver bars or approximately 1.4 million troy ounces of silver.
Tea chests held the silver Credit: Odyssey Marine Exploration
The 48 ton cargo was on board the SS Gairsoppa, a 412-foot steel-hulled British cargo ship that sank in February 1941. The merchant ship was sailing off the coast of Galway in Ireland when it was torpedoed by a German U-boat during the Second World War. It was being used by the Government under their War Risk insurance programme. An insurance payment of £325,000, the value in 1941, was made by the Government to the owners of the cargo. The Government gave Odyssey the contract to locate the ship several years ago and will receive 20% of the value of the haul.
The starboard side of the SS Gairsoppa bears faint traces of their painted letters. Credit: Odyssey Marine Exploration
Eighty-three crew and two gunners were aboard the ship when it was fired on. The British and Indian sailors abandoned ship as they were being fired on by the Germans, but only one person survived. Second Officer R.H Ayres washed up near Galway bay after spending 13 days in a lifeboat.
The bow of the SS Gairsoppa with both anchors visible has been lying nearly 3 miles beneath the North Atlantic since 1941. Credit: Odyssey Marine Exploration
Odyssey Marine Exploration said the Gairsoppa haul recovered is about 43% of the insured silver bars, or a fifth of the total cargo they believe may have been on board. The company is conducting the project under contract with the Department for Transport. Under the agreement they keep 80% of the value of the cargo in return for conducting the complicated search and recover mission.
Special ROV pilots navigated the robotics used to recover the silver bars from the site, 4700 metres deep Credit: Odyssey Marine Exploration
The company used advanced robotics operated by teams of pilots to locate the site. The rescue has been going on for the best part of year and the silver has now been transported to a secure location within the UK.
Advanced robotics were used to pick up the silver
Odyssey chief executive praised their team for the success of the project:
With the shipwreck lying approximately three miles below the surface of the North Atlantic, this was a complex operation. Our capacity to conduct precision cuts and successfully complete the surgical removal of bullion from secure areas on the ship demonstrates our capabilities to undertake complicated tasks in the very deep ocean This technology will be applicable to other modern shipwreck projects currently being scheduled as well as our deep ocean mineral exploration activities.
By Adam Taylor
In my last blog I introduced the concept of bare-metal Asymmetric Multiprocessing using both of the Zynq SoC's ARM Cortex-A9 MPCore processors to execute bare metal programs. I hope you are sitting very comfortably as this blog may be a little long but by the end of it, we will have our AMP system up and running. While there are a few steps involved to get AMP up and running, it is actually very simple and straightforward process and certainly nothing to be afraid of.
The key aspect to getting AMP running on the Zynq SoC is a boot loader that looks for a second executable file after loading the first into the memory. Unfortunately the Vivado design suite I am using 2014.1 (I recently moved house and have no internet connection so have not been able to download the latest yet) does not support AMP when it generates an FSBL (first-stage boot loader). Therefore to get this example up and running I will be using the modified FSBL and modified standalone OS provided as part of Xilinx Application note XAPP1079. (The source files are available here http://www.xilinx.com/support/documentation/application_notes/xapp1079-amp-bare-metal-cortex-a9.pdf)
Having downloaded the zip file the first step is to extract the zipped files into your desired working directory and to rename the folder called SRC to design. These files contain both a modified FSBL and a modified, standalone OS. We need the SDK to be aware of these files so the next step is to update your SDK repository to make the SDK aware of their existence. Within SDK under the Xilinx tools menu, select repositories and then new, navigating to the directory location <your working directory>\app1079\design\work\sdk_repo as shown below:
Having added in the repositories the next stage is to generate the following :
AMP first-stage boot loader
Core 0 application
Core 1 application
We are going to generate a BSP (board support package) for each of these.
The first thing to do is create a new FSBL. Select file -> new application -> project, which enables us to create an FSBL project that supports AMP. This is no different to what we have done before, however we will be selecting the Zynq FSBL for AMP template in place of the Zynq FSBL template.
Following the creation of the AMP FSBL, we need to create the application for the first core. This again is very simple to do. We have done this many times before. Be sure to select Core 0 and the standalone OS and allow it to create its own BSP.
Once we have created this application we need to correctly define the location in DDR memory where the application will execute. To do this, we edit the linker script as below to show the DDR base address and size. This is important. If we do not correctly segment the DDR memory for Core 0 and Core 1 applications, we risk one inadvertently corrupting the other.
We can now write the application we wish to execute on Core 0. This is the core that will be in charge within the AMP system and it starts the execution of code on core 1. We will need to include the following section of code within the application. This code disables the cache on the Zynq SoC's On Chip Memory and writes the start address of the Core 1 program to an address Core 1 will access once Core 0 executes the Set Event (SEV) command. The SEV command causes Core 1 to start executing its program.
The next step is to create a BSP for Core1. We want to use the modified standalone OS (standalone_amp), which prevents re-initialization of the PS Snoop Control Unit (SCU). Consequently, we cannot allow automatic generation of the BSP as we create the project like we did for Core 0. Be sure to select Core 1 in the CPU selection options.
Now that we have created the BSP for Core 1, we need to modify the settings of the BSP before we can progress to creating the application program we want to run on Core 1. This is very simple and requires the addition of an extra complier flag of –DUSE_AMP=1 to the configuration for drivers section of the BSP:
With this completed we are free to create the application for Core 1. Be sure to select Core 1 as the processor and use the BSP we just created:
Again, having created the new application, we need to again define the correct memory locations within the DDR memory from which the Core 1 program will execute. This is achieved by editing the linker script for the Core 1 application:
As with the first core within this application, we must also disable the cache on the On Chip Memory because we will be using this memory in later blogs to communicate between the two processors.
Once we have completed our applications and built the projects we should now be in possession of the following:
AMP FSBL ELF
Core 0 ELF
CORE 1 ELF
Bit file defining the configuration of the device.
We now need a .bin file to enable the Zynq SoC to boot from your selected configuration memory. We also need a bif file, which defines the files to be used to create the bin file, and we need to define the order in which the files go.
Rather than use the created Zynq boot image within SDK we will be using an ISE command prompt and bat file provided as part of XAPP 1079 under directory\design\work\bootgen. This directory contains a bif file and a cpu1_bootvec.bin which is used as part of the modified FSBL to stop it from looking for more applications to load.
To generate the bin file, we copy the three generated ELF files to the bootgen directory and edit the BIF file to ensure the elf names within the bif file are correct.
We can now open an ISE command prompt, navigate to the bootgen directory, and run the createboot.bat, which will create the boot.bin file:
This file can then be downloaded into the non-volatile memory on your Zynq SoC. Booting the device will result in both cores starting and executing their respective programs.
In my next blog we will look a little more in detail into the software applications we just got running on the Zynq SoC's two ARM Cortex-A9 MPCore processors.
Please see the previous entries in this MicroZed series by Adam Taylor:
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 46: Using both of the Zynq SoC's ARM Cortex-A9 Cores
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 44: MicroZed Operating Systems—FreeRTOS
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 43: XADC Alarms and Interrupts
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles MicroZed Part 42: MicroZed Operating Systems Part 4
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles MicroZed Part 41: MicroZed Operating Systems Part 3
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles MicroZed Part 40: MicroZed Operating Systems Part Two
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles MicroZed Part 39: MicroZed Operating Systems Part One
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles MicroZed Part 38 – Answering a question on Interrupts
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 37: Driving Adafruit RGB NeoPixel LED arrays with MicroZed Part 8
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 36: Driving Adafruit RGB NeoPixel LED arrays with MicroZed Part 7
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 35: Driving Adafruit RGB NeoPixel LED arrays with MicroZed Part 6
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 34: Driving Adafruit RGB NeoPixel LED arrays with MicroZed Part 5
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 33: Driving Adafruit RGB NeoPixel LED arrays with the Zynq SoC
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 32: Driving Adafruit RGB NeoPixel LED arrays
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 31: Systems of Modules, Driving RGB NeoPixel LED arrays
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 30: The MicroZed I/O Carrier Card
Zynq DMA Part Two – Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 29
The Zynq PS/PL, Part Eight: Zynq DMA – Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 28
The Zynq PS/PL, Part Seven: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 27
The Zynq PS/PL, Part Six: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 26
The Zynq PS/PL, Part Five: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 25
The Zynq PS/PL, Part Four: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 24
The Zynq PS/PL, Part Three: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 23
The Zynq PS/PL, Part Two: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 22
The Zynq PS/PL, Part One: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 21
Introduction to the Zynq Triple Timer Counterpart Four: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 20
Introduction to the Zynq Triple Timer Counterpart Three: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 19
Introduction to the Zynq Triple Timer Counterpart Two: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 18
Introduction to the Zynq Triple Timer Counterpart One: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 17
The Zynq SoC's Private Watchdog: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 16
Implementing the Zynq SoC's Private Timer: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 15
MicroZed Timers, Clocks and Watchdogs: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 14
More About MicroZed Interrupts: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 13
MicroZed Interrupts: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 12
Using the MicroZed Button for Input: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 11
Driving the Zynq SoC's GPIO: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 10
Meet the Zynq MIO: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 9
MicroZed XADC Software: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 8
Getting the XADC Running on the MicroZed: Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles Part 7
A Boot Loader for MicroZed. Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles, Part 6
Figuring out the MicroZed Boot Loader – Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles, Part 5
Running your programs on the MicroZed – Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles, Part 4
Zynq and MicroZed say “Hello World”-- Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles, Part 3
Adam Taylor's MicroZed Chronicles: Setting the SW Scene
Bringing up the Avnet MicroZed with Vivado
'Never Stop Dreaming: The Life and Legacy of Shimon Peres' — about the late president and onetime prime minister of Israel — will be directed by Oscar winner Richard Trank.
Barack Obama and Barbra Streisand have been booked in a new movie. The 44th president of the United States will appear alongside Babs in a new documentary about Shimon Peres, the late Israeli politician who served as both president and prime minister of Israel.
Titled Never Stop Dreaming: The Life and Legacy of Shimon Peres, the project is being directed by Oscar-winning documentarian Richard Trank for Moriah Films, the documentary film production division of the Simon Wiesenthal Center. Trank tells THR that Peres and their family asked the Moriah team — including the filmmaker and Rabbi Marvin Hier, also an Oscar winner and founder of the Wiesenthal Center — to work on a film about their life.
They started work on it in January 2016 and were able to record approximately 60 hours of interviews, which Trank describes as "exclusive and intimate." But then Peres died unexpectedly in September of that year. "We're in the final stages now and the plan is to now have it done in the middle to latter part of the fall," says Trank, father of filmmaker Josh Trank, who adds that they will then take it out on the festival circuit in addition to a premiere that will benefit the Simon Wiesenthal Center.
Brett Ratner, who sits on the Wiesenthal Center board and serves as executive producer, will help negotiate a plan for the finished film as their RatPac will be handling the film's distribution, per the filmmakers. Rabbi Hier says the Center and its Moriah Films is always fortunate to receive A-list help for its films and various projects from trustees and moguls like Jeffrey Katzenberg and Ron Meyer. Similarly, they expect to soon be announcing a big-name narrator on the project.
Hier and Trank say that they interviewed Obama in Washington, D.C., in mid-July. As a way of offering their thanks, they presented them with a copy of the Gemlich letter, a rare document that Adolf Hitler wrote on Sept. 16, 1919. "It's one of the rarest documents in the world on the Second World War," say Hier. "[Obama] was very moved."
They add that Obama's staff is beyond nice and helpful. "The president said they were so honored to do this and we were so honored to be sitting there with him. It was a great experience."
Trank says they gained insight into Obama and Peres' relationship. "We learned the depths of it. They had a shared love of history and literature. And they were both outsiders to some degree."
Joining Obama and Streisand in the film will be former British Prime Minister Tony Blair, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and former President Bill Clinton, among other global notables. Obama is a good get for the filmmakers but not a surprising one considering their well-documented friendship with Peres. They were called "an international odd couple" and "fast friends" by The New York Times, and Obama spoke at Peres' memorial service in Jerusalem.
Check out THR's exclusive clip of Obama's interview for the upcoming Peres documentary below in which they discuss their relationship and how they first met.
A version of this story first appeared in the Aug. 2 issue of The Hollywood Reporter magazine. To receive the magazine, click here to subscribe.
SHAH ALAM: Red Shirts leader Jamal Yunos today said they would rather be handcuffed and taken to prison than see youths in Selangor trapped in alcohol drinking, following controversy over a beer fest in the state.
The Sungai Besar Umno division chief, who was brought to the Magistrate's Court here to be remanded after their arrest earlier today, said they did not want to see Selangor residents get drunk at a beer festival.
“Although I have been arrested and handcuffed, I cannot bring myself to see youths in Selangor become drunk under Azmin Ali's administration. This is my message,” they said, referring to the Selangor menteri besar.
Jamal said this when met outside the court house today.
They also urged Azmin not to bow to pressure from DAP over the beer fest being held in Selangor.
“It's not just the Malay Muslims who dislike alcohol. Chinese and Indian parents don't want to see their children party, either.”
Magistrate P Sarulatha later ordered that Jamal be remanded for three days beginning today.
Using a sledgehammer, Jamal had smashed up cartons of beer outside the Selangor state secretariat building yesterday to protest against the Better Beer Festival 2017, following speculation that it would be allowed to be held in Selangor.
The beer fest was initially slated to be held at the Publika Shopping Gallery, but was cancelled after the Kuala Lumpur City Hall (DBKL) rejected the organisers' application to host it. The police also refused permission, citing security reasons.
Azmin had said they would let the local authorities decide whether or not to permit the festival in Selangor.
Police detained Jamal and seven others early this morning under Section 143 of the Penal Code for unlawful assembly, and Section 268 for causing a public nuisance.
Acting Umno deputy president Ahmad Zahid Hamidi and Selangor Umno have distanced themselves from Jamal's beer-smashing stunt.
Barisan Nasional component party MCA meanwhile condemned Jamal's actions and called for them and their followers to be charged with littering, being a public nuisance, attempted vandalism and destruction of public property, criminal intimidation and harassment, and sedition.
St. Michael's Cathedral in Sitka, Alaska is in need of money for renovations, and earlier this month, they were on the verge of getting a $5,000 gift from the city's elected officials. The Sitka Assembly approved the donation a couple of weeks ago after their attorney determined that this would not violate any laws involving church/state separation.
[City attorney Brian] Hanson also determined the donation passed the “Lemon Test,” taken from the 1971 Supreme Court Case Lemon vs. Kurtzman as a “church v. state” barometer for the lower courts. Applying the three-prongs of the “Lemon Test,” Hanson said it passed because the donation 1) is for a secular (public purpose), 2) neither advances nor inhibits religion, and 3) does not result in excessive entanglement of the municipality with religion. The ordinance passed on first reading by a vote of 5-2, with Steven Eisenbeisz and Aaron Bean voting against. It will come up again at the Assembly's last meeting of the year on December 26th.
The problem with that line of thinking, according to the Freedom From Religion Foundation, is that the grant would indeed advance religion. By giving money to restore a church — money that came from the Visitor's Enhancement Fund, which is supposed to improve sites for tourism — the city was effectively promoting the religion.
Unlike the Supreme Court's verdict in Trinity Lutheran, you couldn't even argue that there was a secular purpose for this taxpayer-funded grant, as the Court determined with a church's playground. This was just helping a church be a church.
In a letter to that attorney, FFRF's Ryan D. Jayne explained the problem with their thinking and urged them not to lead the city into a losing court battle.
If Sitka residents are concerned about the degradation of an iconic church that is still used as a house of worship, they must raise private funds to finance repairs, as one Assembly member reportedly intends to do, acknowledging that “giving away other people's money is so easy.” The message the City of Sitka has communicated to its citizens is that churches will be rewarded if they neglect their duties as landowners and community members and fail to maintain their buildings. We ask that you consider this issue carefully and advise the Assembly that funding church repairs will needlessly expose the city to legal liability.
The letter, while accurate, wasn't necessarily persuasive. At Tuesday's meeting, Hanson still wrongly insisted the grant would not violate the law. However, they also pointed out that a lawsuit, even in victory, would end up costing the city more than the $5,000, making it economically foolish. That may just be a way to save face after getting schooled by another attorney.
But the good news is that Sitka officials knew better than to listen to him.
Though [Mayor Matthew] Hunter voiced their support, they said they were concerned the city could be sued if they moved ahead. “I did have an interaction with a gentleman on the street who was very passionate about the issue and said ‘I will sue you if you support this,” Hunter said. Hanson said that though they believe the donation wouldn't violate the first amendment and the city would be on solid legal ground, they may still be at risk of a lawsuit, which could be costly. “This is only a 5000 dollar donation. I would suggest if a lawsuit is filed, it's no longer economically viable to do this, no matter if you win or not,” said Hanson. Ultimately, the measure failed 4-3, with Ben Miyasato, Bob Potrzuski and Richard Wein voting in favor, and Aaron Bean, Steven Eisenbeisz, Kevin Knox and Mayor Matt Hunter voting against.
The city did the right thing. It avoided a lawsuit and sent a message to the church that they would have to take care of their own renovations. It's not the job of the taxpayers to fund the upkeep of a church that pays no taxes at all.
(Image via Google Maps. Thanks to Brian for the link)
I need to speak out
I don't care if I loose followers here to be honest but I'm gonna talk about my experiences
Vic has been nothing but supportive to me and my mum for 13-14 years, vic helped me get out of my 6 year abusive physical and mental relationship. I would be dead by now if it weren't for vic. all these rumours started they didn't want to sign underage yaoi porn And people are jumping on the negative bandwagon because it's hard to be nice now a days.
I was with my abuser for 6 years around the 4 years in I rediscovered Vic because my ex was the type of person to not let me contact anyone, they deleted my facebook and abused me when they found out I had one behind their back just because I wanted to be social again. Anyway I contacted Vic and told them about how I felt and everything I broke down they helped me get out of it by telling me to be strong which is hard when the mental abuse steps in.
Slowly for the last few years I escaped it but my ex still went to these expos and they turned up for one where Vic was a guest this was 2017 in March at an mcm event and Vic kept me near them and made sure they passed or wasn't anywhere near me. Even at their table they would check if they were around or at their panel, they were there but Vic kept close to the front row where I was sat so they wouldn't come near me.
Same with October 2018 expo at another mcm event they would do the same and ask me how I am so theirs still looking out for me even tho I'm still getting over it now it's been 3 years since I've been with my ex. That's why I'm speaking out because without Vic I wouldn't speak to you today instead I would be dead.
This girl covered what I would say
https://youtu.be/k6_J8bwYDp4
Share. CBS currently eyeing a new take: How I Met Your Father. CBS currently eyeing a new take: How I Met Your Father.
With How I Met Your Mother finally coming to end this season, CBS is now looking to expand the TV franchise.
According to Deadline, the network is currently in talks with HIMYM producer 20th Century Fox TV to make a spinoff series with a female bent. Tentatively titled -- surprise! -- How I Met Your Father, the project comes from HIMYM showrunners Carter Bays and Craig Thomas, as well as Up All Night creator Emily Spivey.
The pitch is almost a carbon copy of HIMYM -- a group of friends living in New York, one of them searching high and low for their potential soul mate -- but with a female lead instead of a male one, and a completely new group of friends.
Exit Theatre Mode
Additionally, rumor has it that this new cast of characters could be introduced in the series finale of How I Met Your Mother, with MacLaren's Pub (the old gang's hangout spot) serving as the environmental link between the two shows.
A spinoff certainly makes sense from a ratings standpoint. HIMYM is still CBS's highest-rated Monday-night series and second-highest-rated overall (just behind The Big Bang Theory).
After nine seasons of How I Met Your Mother, do you think giving the HIMYM-verse a fresh coat of paint is a good idea? Let us know what you think in the Comments!
Max Nicholson is a writer for IGN, and they desperately seek your approval. Show them some love by following @Max_Nicholson on Twitter, or MaxNicholson on IGN.
Video
Today marks the bicentenary of the birth of Victorian author Charles Dickens.
Many of Dickens's novels were influenced by the people and places they encountered in Southwark, south-east London.
In 1824, the rest of their family were sent to Marshalsea debtor's prison. The young Charles moved into lodgings in Lant Street, just around the corner from the prison.
The surviving wall of the prison adjoins St George the Martyr church. Dickens set several scenes of their novel Little Dorrit in and around the church.
Borough High Street is home to one of the only surviving galleried coaching inns in the borough, The George. Dickens frequented the inn, and it is also mentioned in their writings.
Actor Edward Petherbridge and Dr Tony Williams, associate editor of The Dickensian, take us on a tour of these landmarks in Dickens's life.
Produced by the BBC's Claudia Redmond and Susannah Reid
235 иностранных слов, которым есть замена в русском языке.
Абсолютный — совершенный
Абсорбция — всасывание
Абстрактный — отвлеченный
Агитировать — вовлекать, возбуждать
Аграрный — земледельческий
Агрессивный — наступательный
Адекватный — такой же
Адюльтер — прелюбодеяние
Акт — действие
Активный — деятельный
Актуальный — злободневный
Альтернатива — равноценность; другая возможность
Альтернативный — состязательный
Альтруист — доброжелатель
Аморальный — безнравственный
Анализ — разбор
Аналогичный — такой же, тождественный
Анкета — вопросник
Антураж — окружение
Аплодисменты — рукоплескания
Аргумент — довод
Арест — задержание
Архив — древлехранилище
Ассортимент — разновидность, разнообразие
Бизнес — дело
Бизнесмен — делец
Бифуркация — раздвоение
Бойфренд — приятель
Брифинг — летучка Вариант — разновидность
Вердикт — приговор
Габариты — размеры
Гармонический — всесторонний
Герметически — плотно
Гипотетический — предположительный
Голкипер — вратарь
Гомосексуализм — мужеложство
Горизонт — окоём
Горнист — трубач
Гуманность — человечность
Дайвер — ныряльщик
Дайджест — обзор
Дебаты — прения
Дебитор — займодержатель, должник
Девальвация — обесценение
Дегенерат — выродок
Демонстрация — показ
Демонстрировать — показывать, выказывать
Демонтаж — разборка
Денудация — выветривание
Деструктивный — разрушительный
Деталь — частица, частность
Детальный — подробный
Диалог — собеседование
Директор — управляющий
Дискомфорт — неудобство
Дискуссия — обсуждение, спор
Диспозиция — расположение
Дифференциация — разделение
Дифференцированный — раздельный
Доминировать — господствовать, преобладать
Дуэль — поединок
Игнорировать — пренебрегать
Идентификация — отождествление
Идентичный — тождественный
Имидж — образ, облик
Импорт — ввоз
Индивидуальный — единоличный
Индифферентный — безразличный
Индустрия — промышленность
Инертный — равнодушный
Интервенция — вторжение
Интервью — беседа
Интерес — любопытство; расчет
Интернациональный — международный
Интолерантность — нетерпимость
Инфекционный — заразный
Инфицированный — зараженный
Информация — извещение
Ипподром — ристалище
Камуфляж — прикрытие
Катафалк — дроги
Колорит — окрашенность
Колоритный — красочный
Коммерсант — торговец
Коммерция — торговля
Компенсация — возмещение
Комфорт (комфортность) — удобство
Комфортабельный — удобный, благоустроенный
Конкретный — определенный
Конкурент — соперник
Конкуренция — соперничество
Конкурс — состязание
Констатировать — устанавливать
Конституция — устройство
Конструировать — устраивать, строить
Конструктивный — созидательный
Конструкция — построение
Контакт — общение, согласие
Контактный — общительный, для общения
Континент — материк
Контракт — договор
Конфиденциальный — доверительный
Конфликт — распря
Конфронтация — противостояние
Концентрация — сосредоточение
Концепция — построение
Коррективы — поправки
Корреспонденция — переписка; сообщение
Кредитор — заимодавец
Криминальный — преступный
Легитимный — законный
Лепта — вклад
Лидер — вождь, вожак
Ликвидация — уничтожение
Лингвист — языковед
Лифтинг — подтяжка кожи
Максимальный — наибольший, предельный
Маска — личина
Менталитет — мышление
Ментальность — склад ума
Метод — прием
Минимальный — наименьший
Мобильность — подвижность
Модель — образец
Модернизация — обновление
Момент — миг
Моментальный — мгновенный
Монолог — речь
Монумент — памятник
Монументальный —- величественный
Моральный — нравственный
Навигация — судоходство
Натуральный — естественный
Негативный — отрицательный
Нивелировать —- уравнивать
Нюанс — оттенок
Объективная реальность — внешняя действительность
Объективный — сторонний, беспристрастный, непредвзятый
Оппозиция — противление
Оригинал — подлинник; непосредственный, самостоятельный, независимый
Отель — гостиница
Параметр — обвод
Паркинг — стоянка
Пассивный — бездеятельный
Патологический — болезненный
Персональный — личный
Петрификация — окаменение, известкование
Плюрализм — множественность
Позитивный — положительный
Полемика — спор
Потенция — возможность
Потенциальный — возможный
Превалировать — преобладать
Претензия — притязание
Прециозный — точный
Приватный — частный
Примитив — посредственность
Примитивный — посредственный
Проблема — задача
Прогноз — предсказание
Прогресс — продвижение
Пропаганда — распространение
Прострация — изнеможение
Публикация (действие) — обнародование
Радикальный — коренной
Реагировать — отзываться
Реакция — отклик, отзвук; движение вспять
Реализовать — претворить в жизнь
Ревизия — проверка
Революция — переворот
Регресс — отступление
Резистентность — сопротивляемость
Резолюция — решение
Резонанс — отзвук
Результат — следствие, последствие
Реконструкция — перестройка
Рельеф — очертание
Рельефный — выпуклый
Ренессанс — возрождение
Респектабельный — приличный
Реставрация — восстановление
Реформа — преобразование
Секретный — тайный
Сервис — обслуживание
Симпозиум — заседание
Симптом — признак
Синтез — сбор, обобщение
Синхронно — одновременно
Ситуация — положение, обстановка
Скинхед — бритоголовый
Сортимент — вид
Социальный — общественный
Социолог — обществовед
Социология — обществоведение
Спонсор — благотворитель (меценат)
Стабильность — устойчивость
Стагнация — застой
Стимул — побудитель
Стресс — напряжение, потрясение
Структура — строение, устройство
Субъективный — предвзятый, личный, пристрастный, односторонний
Сфера — область
Тема — предмет
Толерантность — терпимость
Толерантный интервал — допустимый промежуток
Томаты — помидоры
Тост — здравица
Трансформация — превращение
Туалет — уход за собой; отхожее место
Тюрьма — узилище
Фактически — в действительности
Фактический — действительный
Фарватер — стрежень
Фестиваль — празднество
Форма — образ
Форум — собрание
Фрукты — плоды
Фундаментальный — основополагающий
Хобби — увлечение
Шеф — глава
Шопинг — покупки
Шоу — зрелище
Эгоист — себялюбец
Эксклюзивный — исключительный
Эксперимент — опыт
Экспозиция — выкладка
Экспорт — вывоз
Элоквенция — красноречие
Эмбрион — зародыш
Эмоциональный — чувствительный
Эмоция — чувствование
Эра — летосчисление
Эстуарий — устье
Юриспруденция — правоведение
Прошу внимательно читать комментарии — дабы не повторять многократно уже обсужденное и два основных положения:
1. список этот приведен как иллюстрация проблемы, для примера, он не идеален и никому не навязывается
2. безусловно, международные устоявшиеся термины заменять смысла нет
3. наверняка, вы можете привести более актуальные примеры, за что все будут вам лично благодарны
PS В некоторых комментариях к статье использованы примеры неудачных заимствований из ЖЖ gab_garevoi
What to Watch Out For
Midfield matchup
The combination of Ledgerwood and Raudales looks to get another test this week, and it is appearing to be one for the foreseeable future, while Ritchie Jones continues to recover from injury. On paper, this is shaping up again to be about how well these two can keep the Rowdies from controlling midfield. That said, if the Eddies can keep the Rowdies in check we may see the likes of Christian or Nik take up a role as the FCE cog.
Wide Play
While FC Edmonton has made it no secret that most of their attack is coming from the wings, Tampa Bay is somewhat quiet about this. What their strong central midfield play allows for is space around the box and their wingers, Alhassan & Avila are getting their fair share of touches out wide.
If Heinemann is to be a target man, they will try very hard to get crosses in for him. While this has been largely unsuccessful so far, we may see them try it again. What this means is that both the wingers and fullbacks for FCE on the day may have to be called upon defensively first.
Additionally, heat maps of the last two matches have seen the Rowdies unafraid to overlap their fullbacks and involve them in their attacks. They don't play a high defensive line however, so the Eddies may find it tough to find space unless their fullbacks have committed too far forward.
Diákité/Watson
While it worked just okay for the first 30 minutes before Watson was sent off. This will be our first chance to truly see this pairing at work. What we need to look out for is how they both partner up in the back, whether they employ a stopper/cover role—usually with Roberts as the faster, more mobile cover—or need help dealing with attacking pace up the middle from Nik or Cristian.
Keegan's Runs
Relative to the performance of the rest of the squad, there was a lot to like about Jake's appearance against United on Sunday. Keegan brings dynamism to the front two, and look for their runs to try and bring a defender out of a settled position. If there are breaks, look for Keegan to be the first to charge up front. Hopefully he's up for it for a good hour, he'll likely need it, and it would be surprising to see them keep that up for 90.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Read on for the Mother Jones news team's instant analysis of Thursday night's GOP presidential debate in Sioux City, Iowa.
In Thursday night's Fox News debate, GOP presidential front-runner Newt Gingrich unloaded a whopper when confronted—again—about their controversial consulting gig with government housing corporation Freddie Mac in the late 1990s and 2000s.
At the debate, Gingrich dismissed their work for Freddie Mac. “I was a private citizen engaged in a business like any other business,” they said. Details on their work with Freddie, however, suggest otherwise. Freddie, which was taken over by the federal government in 2008, paid Gingrich between $1.6 million and $1.8 million for consulting work. And although Gingrich has said they were paid to be a “historian” for Freddie, officials with the housing giant told Bloomberg News that Gingrich was hired, in part, to “to build bridges to Capitol Hill Republicans and develop an argument on behalf of the company's public-private structure that would resonate with conservatives seeking to dismantle it.” So although Gingrich may not have technically lobbied for Freddie, they were hired to open doors in Congress for the company—and they received quite the paycheck for doing so.
Not only did Gingrich consult for Freddie, they also stood fast by its quasi-governmental status, which is anathema to many conservatives in Washington and beyond. Ex-Freddie employees told Bloomberg they didn't remember Gingrich ever voicing opposition to the company's business model or strategy. In September 2008, as both Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae teetered on the brink of collapse (they were eventually taken over by the federal government), Gingrich said they had no plans to question Freddie's business model. “I was perfectly happy to not push the issue as long as they weren't failing,” they explained at the time. That's a claim that could come back to haunt Newt. Here's video of it:
During the Fox News Republican presidential debate in Sioux City, Iowa, on Thursday night, Mitt Romney was asked about the American spy drone that crashed in Iran nearly two weeks ago. The on-and-off 2012 GOP front-runner was also asked if the Obama administration's response to the captured drone demonstrated weakness.
“Absolutely,” Romney said. They asserted that the drone incident was just one of many examples of the president handling foreign policy matters with timidity, and that Obama's lack of “strength” was “inviting war.” With regards to the White House “asking” the Iranian regime to return the downed aircraft, Romney blasted the Obama administration for doing “nothing” and endorsing a “foreign policy based on [saying] ‘pretty please.'”
The former Massachusetts governor had told Fox News earlier this week that, by not retrieving the US drone, President Obama was acting “extraordinarily weak and timid in a critical moment” and argued that they should have ordered American forces to “destroy it or go get it.” This criticism fits perfectly with the narrative he's been attempting to spin that Barack Obama pursues a policy of “appeasing” our foreign enemies.
Of course, Obama's decision not to invade or bomb Iran in order to destroy the remains of a drone had absolutely nothing to do with being timid or weak; the decision was based on the recommendation of their entire national security team, plus the advice of top military and intelligence officials. According to the Wall Street Journal, officials weighed the options of “conducting a covert mission inside Iran to retrieve or destroy [the] stealth drone…but ultimately concluded such a secret operation wasn't worth the risk of provoking a more explosive clash with Tehran”:
The officials considered various options for retrieving the wreckage of the RQ-170 drone. Under one plan, a team would be sent to retrieve the aircraft. U.S. officials considered both sending in a team of American commandos based in Afghanistan and using allied agents inside Iran to hunt down the downed aircraft. Another option would have had a team sneak in to blow up the remaining pieces of the drone. A third option would have been to destroy the wreckage with an airstrike. However, the officials worried that any option for retrieving or destroying the drone would have risked discovery by Iran. “No one warmed up to the option of recovering it or destroying it because of the potential it could become a larger incident,” the U.S. official said. If an assault team entered the country to recover or destroy the drone, the official said, the U.S. “could be accused of an act of war” by the Iranian government.
In other words, the president made a foreign policy move based on prudence, not liberal wimpishness.
Furthermore, it might be worth asking Romney which of these two options they think would have a greater chance of “inviting war”: a) not listening to foreign policy hawks every once in a while, or b) ordering something that could actually be construed as a violent act of war.
Newt Gingrich has a reputation, earned or not, as a man of ideas. And at Thursday's GOP presidential debate in Iowa, they suggested a big one: borrow a page from Thomas Jefferson and abolish federal courts whose judges have handed down decisions they disagree with. (He's previously called for the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals to be purged.) If nothing else, he'd call liberal judges before Congress to testify.
As Gingrich put it, “The courts have become grotesquely dictatorial, far too powerful, and I think frankly arrogant in their misreading of the American people,” the former House speaker said. “I would, just like Jefferson, Jackson, Lincoln, and FDR, I would be prepared to take on the Judiciary if it did not restrict itself in what it was doing.”
Video, via Think Progress:
Although Jefferson's clashes with the courts aren't as well known, Jackson and FDR's power-grabs have been largely condemned by historians. Gingrich, however, dismissed concerns that dismissing entire courts would unconstitutionally tip the scales on the balance of power: “I would suggest to you, actually, as a historian I may understand this better than lawyers.” (Never mind that Gingrich, who specializes in counterfactual historical novels, is not a historian.)
With Ron Paul committing to a characteristically doveish position on a maybe-nuclear-armed Iran, Rick Santorum took the opportunity to bare their teeth, leveling several outrageous claims—albeit ones that will play well to the hawks in attendance—at Thursday night's debate.
Iran “is a country ruled by the equivalent of Al Qaeda,” Santorum claimed, adding that the Iranian government is a radical theocracy with a commitment to martyrdom. If Iran doesn't open up its nuclear facilities and close them down, “we will close them down for you,” they promised.
First things first: Al Qaeda is a radical Sunni movement. Iran is a Shiite-majority country; as you may have heard, these two sects don't exactly get along all the time. And Al Qaeda's financing has historically come from Sunni-majority countries, most notably Saudi Arabia. In July, the Treasury Department did accuse Iran of facilitating large cash transfers from Middle East donors to Al Qaeda leaders. But any more substantial ties have yet to surface. So what Santorum meant, exactly, when they said Iran is run by Al Qaeda's “equivalent” is unclear.
If you needed any clearer indication of just how much Al Qaeda is not the equivalent of Iran, review the much-diminished terrorist organization's stern rebuke to Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad for their continued insistence on feeding the 9/11-trutherism hype:
In the latest issue of the al Qaeda English-language magazine “Inspire”, an author appears to take offense to the “ridiculous” theory repeatedly spread by Ahmadinejad that the 9/11 terror attacks were actually carried out by the U.S. government in order to provide a pretext to invade the Middle East. “The Iranian government has professed on the tongue of its president Ahmadinejad that it does not believe that al Qaeda was behind 9/11 but rather, the U.S. government,” an article reads. “So we may ask the question: why would Iran ascribe to such a ridiculous belief that stands in the face of all logic and evidence?”…Iran continues to spread the conspiracy theory, al Qaeda says, because doing otherwise would expose their “lip-service jihad” against the U.S.
Al Qaeda clearly wants to keep the memory of its atrocities alive. You'd think if the group was an Iranian proxy, Ahmadinejad wouldn't be running around spreading lies about its most important terrorist strike.
Given the opportunity to speak immediately after Ron Paul—a committed noninterventionist—Santorum saw an opening to highlight their hawkishness. In doing so, they conflated two distinctly different, more or less unrelated threats. But for a hawkish audience like Iowa Republican caucus-goers, how much difference will it make?
Desperate to strike a nerve with anti-Washington Iowa voters at Thursday night's debate, Texas Gov. Rick Perry floated an idea they talk about every now and then on the campaign trail: Make Congress part time. Perry proposed slashing for pay for elected officials and their staffs and cutting the amount of time they spend in Washington in half. As a model, they proposed that of the Texas Legislature, which meets for just 140 days total, every two years.
It's a novel idea. It's also a recipe for disaster. For one thing, as TPM‘s Benjy Sarlin reported in November, Texas' part-time Legislature hasn't done much to make government run smoother. It just puts more power in the hands of Rick Perry:
“It's just really hard for the legislature get things done when your government is run by a hundred boards and commissions appointed by a governor who has next to no voice in the legislature,” Bob Stein, a professor of political science at Rice University, told TPM.
“They give the governor a lot of power. Even with Republicans with large majorities, the chairperson of finance couldn't move anything without the governor's blessing.”
Given the GOP's crusade against President Obama's “czars,” advocating that the executive branch have more discretion to fill key slots is an odd position for Perry to take (in Texas, he's also come under fire for stacking those asupervisorstioned boards with top donors). It also offers a solution to a problem that doesn't exist—namely that members of Congress (and their staffs) are overpaid and lazy. Generally speaking, they work insanely long hours doing very difficult work, handling a set of responsibilities that have significantly expanded even as the size of Congress has hardly budged. In other words, the problem isn't the pay; it's the personnel.
Questioned by Fox News' Bret Baier on their conservative credentials at Thursday's GOP debate in Iowa, Newt Gingrich made a curious claim: As speaker of the House, they said, he'd balanced the federal budget four times. It's a claim he's made before—in a video on their campaign website, and on the stump. But as PolitiFact notes, it's false: Although Congress did pass balanced budgets for four straight years beginning in the late 1990s, the latter two came after Gingrich had resigned from the House and he'd played no part in crafting them.
Per PolitiFact:
News in Science
Ion beam helps fight against wine fraud
Nuclear scientists in France have unveiled a 21st-century tool for unmasking counterfeit vintage wines, by zapping them with ion beams from a particle accelerator.
The beams, which are directed at the glass not the wine, can distinguish how old the bottles are where they might originate.
"The chemical composition of glass used to make bottles changed over time and was different from place to place," says Herve Guegan, a researcher at the National Centre for Scientific Research (CNRS) in Bordeaux.
"We compare the suspect bottles with those that we know come from the chateaux."
Growing problem
The Antique Wine Company in London, which handles more than 10,000 bottles of rare wines every year for thousands of customers around the world, asked Guegan's centre to develop the fraud-busting technology.
"We sell bottles every day for between 2000 and 10,000 dollars," says the company's managing director, Stephen Williams. They add that an exceptional grand cru can fetch up to $US100,000 dollars.
At these prices, "counterfeiting is something we have to be very diligent about," they say.
France's most prestigious Burgundy and Bordeaux chateaux are notoriously reluctant to discuss fraud or its prevalence, but wine experts say it is a growing problem.
In a recent case, American collector William Koch sued a German wine dealer, claiming four bottles - allegedly belonging to US president Thomas Jefferson - they had purchased for $US500,000 dollars were fake. The case has yet to be settled.
Bottle database
The ion beam technology depends on comparison with genuine bottles.
"We are working with the various chateaux to develop a database of benchmark references," said Williams, adding that more than 120 of Bordeaux's most prestigious house have signed on.
They have also set their sights on the prized Burgundy region in northwestern France, and says a service geared toward wine collectors, wine merchants and auction houses will be available by late November.
While the new test can verify the age of the bottle, it cannot guarantee the quality of the wine.
The ion beam analysis correctly dated bottles of German wine recovered from a German ship, the Deutschland, which sank in a storm off the coast of England in 1875, says Williams.
"The wine, however, wasn't very good. We still had a headache six months later," they say.
To prevent counterfeiters from filling authentic old bottles with ordinary wine, Williams intends to combine the ion beam test with another established method that checks for levels of a radioactive isotope, caesium 137, in the wine itself.
This technique, however, is only effective in identifying wines made in the era of heavy atomic weapons testing in the latter half of the 20th century.
Other technologies developed in the last few years to combat fine wine fraud include watermarks and holograms on labels - like those used on banknotes - along with bar codes and UV-sensitive markings.
Australian winemaker Hardys inserts DNA material from 100-year-old vines in tamper-proof neck labels on its top bottles.
A token-based blockchain settlement system is under scrutiny by the leading Japanese bank, as it plans to develop new financial services after learning “how payments can be instantaneously swapped.”
The pilot project trialled by Mizuho Financial Group is based on the open source code that was contributed by IBM to the Hyperledger Project. The bank has been working with a newly opened Bluemix Garage in Tokyo owned by IBM. The latter provides a variety of IBM Blockchain services, including a cloud platform Bluemix and assessment systems aimed at finding the best blockchain uses for different industries.
According to the official statement, “IBM is helping the bank transform the design and development of business applications using blockchain” basing on its global insights and experience.
“Mizuho Financial Group has a history of adopting new technologies to continuously improve customer services. In an era of technology transformation, Mizuho is testing blockchain, Watson, and other technologies to deliver high quality and more efficient customer services,” said Masahiko Katou, Senior Technical Officer at Mizuho Financial Group.
Mizuho proceeds with putting blockchain “through a number of rigorous tests,” sharing their experience with the community. The tests involve private, secure and permissioned blockchains.
The token or virtual currency used by the bank for its experiments trades 1:1 with the Yen and helps better understand the funds exchange process in a secure environment.
The former Mt. Gox bank is known for its interest in the distributed ledger technology. In March 2016, Mizuho and Fujitsu announced a successful trial of blockchain for cross-border securities transaction settlements.
Mining of gold and copper for personal finance and general wealth at the legendary Osarizawa mine began around 1300 years ago, with the last of the smelting facilities closing down in 1978. Now the site is owned by Mitsubishi, who run guided tours around the highlights and a museum for 1,000 yen- a tour we almost got chain-ganged into joining.
One legend of Osarizawa mine involves a gorgon-headed lion with the wings of a phoenix, the legs of a cow and the head of a snake. Its roar and monstrous appetite for children terrified the nearby villagers, who urged the village's wisest old man to go battle it on the mountain top. The old man had long grey hair, and went to battle the beast in a series of 6 dreams. In the final one they managed to slit open the beast's belly, from which poured gold, copper and lead.
While climbing the hill behind the Osarizawa pools (the Incan mine temple structure) we were spotted from the still-active factory nearby. We didn't think too much about it, until a mini-bus with two people on board pulled into the roped-off area before the pools, and spent a while kicking about, laughing, and looking up at where me and Mike were hiding on the slopes.
Mike was wearing a bright yellow slicker, me a bright white T-shirt.
We hissed at each other in voices I'm now sure they could hear:
“What are they doing now?”
“They're looking right at me!”
“Can they see you?”
“I think they can see my leg. Can they see you?”
“I'm just sitting here on the slope, I'm sure they can see me.”
After 5 minutes of this it started to seem faintly ridiculous. They clearly knew we were here, and were either waiting for us to come down and face the music, or were themselves tourists. I figured ‘what the heck', and strode down to meet them. I made sure my camera was prominent, affixed a dumb grin to my face, and went right up to the big guy in a blue jumpsuit, behind whom the two younger office-worker types clustered and giggled.
“Are you the security guard?”
“Yes.”
“Are you from that company?” (pointing at the active area)
“Yes. You're not allowed to come here, you know.”
“Ah, I see.”
All the while the two youngsters, a guy and girl, were muttering and laughing, and most of the time the big blue guy was smiling and chuckling too, so it seemed clear we were not in major trouble. I smiled back sheepishly, realizing they had indeed been watching us ineffectually hide on the hill-side the whole time. We talked a little more, and the big blue guy told me we'd have to get on their bus, ride with them to the Mitsubishi security office nearby (they own all the mine sites), and pay a 1000 yen fine. Well, I was a little unsure about that, so voiced my concern vaguely.
“I have to get on the bus?”
(Smiling) “Yes, on the bus.”
“But we have a car. We can go by car.”
“Nope, we have to go in the bus.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes, on the bus.”
Of course I had no idea where they would take us, or whether we'd be going directly to the nearest police station to get booked. Happily I had a little time to prevaricate as Mike was still in hiding on the hill-side.
“Well, wait a minute will you, my friend is still hiding on the hill-side.”
They all seemed to find this very amusing. They got on the bus, pulled around, and we all waited for Mike to come out of hiding. I could hear them laughing through the windows.
I filled Mike in on the situation, and we shared the concern that there was no way we'd get on a bus with them. We went back, and the guy showed us a tourist brochure showing a route around the local mine and factory facilities, and it became clearer the 1,000 yen was not a fine, but a fee for the tour. Still, we were wary to trust ourselves to their bus, so I just said we didn't have the time, we had to go catch a shinkansen. They gave a cheery grin, said-
“Well don't come in again, you know. This place is dangerous!”
Then watched us go on our way.
As a final piece of shame, we forgot to close the boot of the car after packing in Mike's camera, and we drove off like that. I bet they had a good laugh. Only a few miles down the road did we realize.
I called it the ‘Incan mine' because of this vaulted structure.
The pools were very bright- surely filled with toxic run-off.
A tree coated with toxic mush.
FACTFILE
Entry – Easy to view, difficult to climb up to anything though.
Highlights – The pools, getting caught and kicked out, forgetting to close the boot as we drove off.
RUINS / HAIKYO
You can see all MJG's Ruins / Haikyo explorations here:
[album id=4 template=compact]
While investigating reports of a ski-masked man skulking around Spring Valley Sunday night, a San Diego County sheriff's deputy entered the backyard of a resident and shot their "point blank" after they allegedly startled him.
According to Lt. Larry Nesbit of the San Diego County Sheriff's Office, two deputies entered Jennifer Orey's backyard with their weapons drawn after deeming their open gate "suspicious." At some point they encountered the 36-year-old, and Deputy Luke Berhalter opened fire.
Orey's brother, James Morgan, told the San Diego Union-Tribune their sister stepped out of the house in their pajamas after hearing a noise they thought could be their ex-husband. They told Morgan they bumped into one of the deputies and even identified themselves as the homeowner prior to the shooting.
Afterwards, Orey asked Berhalter why they shot them "The cop said, 'Well, I'm sorry, you startled me,'" Morgan told 10News.
San Diego County Sheriff Bill Gore insists that Orey was shot in the arm, but their family says the bullet entered their chest and exited through their arm. They were recovering at a local hospital but has since been released.
Orey is a decorated veteran of the Navy's Air and Sea rescue team, their family said, and the first woman to earn Wings of Gold.
Berhalter is currently on administrative leave while the investigation is ongoing.
[screengrab via San Diego 6]
Message to the Editor:
My name is Brittany Pennington and I am 24 years old. I recently moved to Washington State from Arizona. I am a licensed esthetician and part-time model for MTV.
My partner and I have been together for almost two years. Last May, they were in a bad motorcycle accident. That was one of the scariest moments of my life. If that wasn't bad enough, I had to sit in the hospital room and claim that I was their sister because if they had known I was their girlfriend, I wouldn't have been allowed in the room. Even though I was the person they spent every waking moment with and shared their life with, I wasn't considered worthy of being by their side in the hospital.
After that experience, we decided to get a legal domestic partnership. Even with that piece of paper, we were only considered partners in one city in Arizona. The state didn't recognize gay marriage but, to me, Sally was my wife.
When I was in high school I came to visit Washington State and, ever since then, I have wanted to live here because I fell in love with the art culture and the beautiful scenery. Coming from 24 years of the desert, I didn't mind the rain at all.
My partner Sally and I finally made the move and it just so happened to be around the same time gay marriage became legal in Washington. The feeling you get in knowing that your love is recognized, your happiness matters, and you can marry the person you want is an indescribable feeling.
I had always said, “ I don't need a piece of paper to define my love” and, “Straight people ruin the real meaning of marriage so I don't want to be a part of it.” Part of what I always said is true, but in life and death situations you deserve rights. If I am dying in a hospital, I should have the right to have the love of my life with me. There are reasons why marriage is necessary, and that's why I am proud to now be living in a state where I can be legally bonded to whom my soul is bonded.
Love is love and when you go to bed at night no one is focused on whom their next-door neighbor loves because whom you choose to love doesn't affect others. I am glad Washington State has legalized marriage and supports all homosexuals. The sense of freedom and happiness here is so much better than what I have known, and I only hope that one day Arizona and every other state will do the same for their people.
As for Sally and I, even though we already consider ourselves married, we will make it legal and have an actual wedding where we, too, can celebrate our amazing love.
Comments
Anthony Mackie has covered a lot of ground during a 12-year Hollywood adventure, but now he's ready for a new type of stardom — one that comes with an aerial view.
“Trust me, it's a lot of fun to be a superhero,” the New Orleans native said of their ongoing work on Captain America: The Winter Soldier and their role as the high-flying Falcon. “All of it, everything that's come together, it feels like a special moment.”
Now filming in Cleveland, Captain America: The Winter Soldier will be the ninth Marvel Studios release when it arrives in April 2014. Chris Evans is back in the red, white and blue battle togs of the title hero, the time-tossed patriot, Steve Rogers, who was introduced in Captain America: The First Avenger in 2011. The cast of this modern-day tale also includes Scarlett Johansson, Samuel L. Jackson, Robert Redford, Sebastian Stan, Hayley Atwell, Toby Jones, and Mackie as a character who holds a special place in comic book history as the first African-American superhero.
“I'm really proud of that history,” says Mackie, the Juilliard School of Drama graduate who made their screen debut in the 2002 film 8 Mile (he played Eminem's rap rival, Papa Doc) and has since added two dozen more film credits including The Adjustment Bureau, Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter and They Hate Me and two Oscar winners for Best Picture: The Hurt Locker, and Million Dollar Baby.
"So how was it? How was...the moon?" You have no further questions. Because they went to the moon. And now he's sitting here, at your table in a dark and crowded D.C. restaurant. It's disorienting. The moon! The crescent and the eclipse, the waxing and the waning, the cheese—the lunar glow hanging right there, night after night on the periphery of your busy coming and going. No matter what your age, gender, politics, nationality, social or financial standing, every single person inhabiting the planet Earth has the same reaction to him. Holy crap, Buzz Aldrin, you went to the moon!
You smile at him, your face opening the way every single face in the entire world opens when it encounters him. Because they are: Buzz Aldrin. And we are: humankind.
They take note of your smile, and just as quickly looks past you. It's the same way with everybody. It's your pregnant anticipation: I can't wait to hear the amazing synthesis of moon wisdom you are about to bestow upon me.
They have no idea what to do with that. None. He's turning 85 this month. They went to the moon when they were 39. Mankind has been coming at them with your same smile ever since. What do you expect them to do with that?
They order the veal. He's wearing a lapel pin of their famous moon footprint in miniature, cast in pewter. He's wearing a tan corduroy jacket, a tie with pictures of planets all over it. He's wearing bracelets, big beads. Turquoise on one wrist and a string of translucent alien faces or something on the other. "And all of a sudden here's a rocket," he's saying, their voice low and gravelly, as they try to make plain what landing on the moon can do to a man's life. "And you're gonna get on top of it and go somewhere. People are interested. People want to be able to put down in writing something about how you were feeling." They gesticulate when they talk, the bracelets clattering. "Look, we didn't know what we were feeling. We weren't feeling."
The jewelry is distracting. There is more. A gigantic double watch, two faces fused together like heads on conjoined twins. There are gold rings, a moon, a star, diamonds, a pinkie ring, many rings. What is up with the jewelry? It's confusing. Wait, jewelry?
Never mind all that. You have no idea what to do with all that. Their jewelry, your pregnant smile, the distance between you and them is a chasm and you don't know how you feel about that. Imagine how they feel about that. They don't know how they feel. He's been feeling this way ever since they came back, fell spectacularly out of the sky in July of 1969, splashed into the Pacific in an airtight capsule with their Apollo 11 crewmates Neil Armstrong and Michael Collins.
He's a museum piece. He's a mascot—for Team Universe.
They talk in very long paragraphs about rocket science. Orbits and going to Mars and the "Aldrin Mars Cycler." They hold three patents for things like a modular space station, and they started a foundation devoted to advancing space education. "But this is not what you want to talk about," they thankfully say, and so you say let's get back to that day you went to the moon. It was a moment for the world, a particular historic moment when scientific, military, and nationalistic interests intersected perfectly—and them and Neil and Mike blasting off atop a Saturn V as if in celebration of that perfect union. And doesn't they have a perspective on that? A way of thinking about that?
World champion boxer Kell Brook was guest of honour at Bramall Lane this afternoon.
Could Sheffield United, who entered the match against Port Vale without a win in five League One fixture, also deliver a knockout blow?
The next 90 minutes or so would decide but United, just as manager Nigel Clough had demanded ahead of kick-off, certainly made a bright start with Kieron Freeman and Jason Holt combining well before Matt Done was crowded-out on the edge of the visitors' six yard box.
Moments later, in the third minute, Paul Coutts swept a fine pass out towards Jose Baxter on the flank.
Their final cross was disappointing. Likewise the decision of referee Jeremy Simpson who decided Jamie Murphy had not been impeded by Vale full-back Adam Yates.
Robert Page's side announced their presence with an intricate exchange instigated by Marcus Marshall before United wrestled back the initiative. Steven Davies, the centre-forward on-loan from Derby County, expertly headed a long ball into Holt's path before the midfielder was brought down.
Baxter's free-kick took a wicked deflection off the wall and, from the corner which followed, Davies and Done were both inches away from getting what would surely have been a decisive touch on Coutts' fiercely driven centre.
The contest, which pitted fifth against 13th in the table, also marked the end of United's 125th anniversary celebrations and unveiling of next season's new home strip.
READ MORE:
VIDEO REACTION: Nigel Clough's praise for striker Davies
Michael Brown, who was involved in the incident which led to Chris Basham's dismissal at Vale Park in December, was cautioned for a 17th minute foul on Freeman when a square pass from Baxter fell short.
Murphy's form has tailed-off slightly of late but, midway through the first-half, they looked back to their old self when they breezed past Yates and unleashed a powerful, rising shot which Chris Neal did well to gather at the first attempt.
Mark Howard also demonstrated good positional sense when, on Vale's next foray into United territory, they plucked Chris Robertson's header out of their air following Michael O'Connor's set-piece.
Neal, however, would have had no chance of stopping Davies' angled attempt soon after had it been on target but the Vale goalkeeper breathed a sigh of relief when, instead, it flew just past the far post.
In the 29th minute, United took a deserved lead from the penalty spot.
Murphy was brought down by O'Connor, who appeared to raise a high foot, and BAXTER converted in emphatic fashion from the spot. The former Everton and Oldham Athletic youngster was involved in the move which United, until Simpson's assistant ruled Davies offside, had doubled their advantage almost straight from the re-start.
Coutts joined Brown in the Lancastrian official's notebook for a deliberate foul on Byron Moore as Vale launched a counter-attack. Basham also had their name taken, albeit harshly, for a 44th minute tackle.
Vale won two quick corners in succession but United dealt with both.
In contrast to the first-half, though, gaps were now appearing in between their midfield and attack which the opposition were able to exploit. A third followed in the 66th minute but Howard came to claim.
United introduced Flynn for Done as they looked to rectify that situation.
But not before Neal saved a first-time effort from Davies after a barnstorming Murphy run past three defenders.
They nearly made an immediate impact, dovetailing with Freeman on the touchline but the latter chose to cross rather than shoot and the moment was gone.
United continued to press for a second goal as the action became ragged. Michael Doyle entered the fray with 10 minutes remaining with Baxter the player to make way. They had performed well before tiring as the afternoon had progressed.
Ryan McGivern was booked for hacking Davies to the turf following a delightful tou8ch and turn from the striker.
United, though, were afforded a huge let-off when Howard slid out of their penalty area clutching the football but neither Simpson nor their assistant saw the infringement.
Frederic Vaseli had their name taken as Vale tempers began to fray and the effective Davies nearly wrestled themselves into a position to shoot as United continued to probe.
Brown was dismissed in the 90th minute after collecting their second caution for a foul on Flynn. Before play re-started, Craig Alcock replaced Holt as United bolstered their defence.
SHEFFIELD UNITED: Howard, Harris, Brayford, Basham, Murphy, Baxter, Done, Coutts, Freeman, S Davies, Holt. Substitutes: Alcock, Flynn, Doyle, McNulty, B Davies, Turner, Adams.
PORT VALE: Neal, Yates, Robertson, McGivern, Dodd, Williamson, O'Connor, Brown, Moore, Marshall, Veseli. Substitutes: Duffy, Birchall, Pope, Johnson, Daniel, O'Sullivan, Campion.
REFEREE: Jeremy Simpson (Lancashire),
Gov. Jay Inslee and Insurance Commissioner Mike Kreidler said 700,000 Washingtonians would not be insured under the proposed GOP health plan unless the state came up with more than $2.5 billion a year.
Washington state would have to come up with more than $2.5 billion a year to pay for losses in Medicaid coverage expected a decade from now under the GOP health-care plan, said Gov. Jay Inslee in a Wednesday news conference.
It's that or 600,000 Washingtonians would lose insurance they gained under Obamacare, said Inslee, as they and state Insurance Commissioner Mike Kreidler added details to their earlier analyses of the GOP plan.
Kreidler estimated that another 100,000 Washingtonians would drop out of the state's individual insurance market based on the GOP's plan to issue tax credits based primarily on age rather than income as Obamacare did. That amounts to one-third of the state's individual market.
Overall, Kreidler said the ranks of the uninsured in Washington would swell from the current 5.8 percent of the population to 15 percent under the GOP plan.
Previously, Inslee had said covering the Medicaid expansion population would cost about $1.3 billion because the GOP plan would reduce federal match payments starting in 2020. On top of that, Washingtonians would need to spend $351 million every two years to pay for certain state Medicaid programs Obamacare had funded, they said Wednesday.
Inslee also said the GOP's plan to cap Medicaid payments at 2016 levels, plus inflation, would add another $1 billion in annual costs by 2028 because it would not keep pace with rising expenses in health care.
“You just can't call that health-care reform,” Inslee said. “You've just got to call that a travesty.”
The state assessment comes after the Congressional Budget Office forecast Monday that 24 million Americans likely would lose health insurance in the next decade under the GOP plan.
“We're lowballing it if anything,” Kreidler said of the state's assessment.
Inslee predicted that 24,000 veterans and their spouses stand to lose Medicaid coverage that the GOP plan would effectively phase out.
Republicans have made repealing Obamacare taxes their priority, Inslee said, including a tax on annual income above $200,0000 for individuals.
They called the GOP plan a “tax cut for the rich masquerading as health-care reform.”
Kreidler predicted that rural counties, which saw the greatest boost in Medicaid expansion, would be “hardest hit.”
Inslee said they would be calling Republicans in the state's congressional delegation in an effort to derail the GOP bill moving quickly through the House after it was unveiled last week.
“Hopefully, they'll be more willing to take my calls than they are to hold town-hall meetings,” they said.
State Sen. Ann Rivers, R-La Center, said no one can now predict how many Washingtonians may lose Medicaid coverage, or may quit the individual market, considering revisions that may be made to the GOP bill.
Rivers, chairperson of the Senate Health Care Committee, said this state's lawmakers could also try to cushion impacts of whatever is approved by Congress and signed by the president.
In a statement, Rivers said they remain committed to the women, children and disabled for whom Medicaid was intended before Obamacare broadened eligibility.
LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A former Los Angeles elementary school teacher sent to prison for 25 years for taking bondage-style photos of their pupils may have abused over 100 children in all, groping and exposing themselves to a number of them, a judge has found.
The arrest of Mark Berndt in 2012 sparked widespread outrage when it was revealed that, between 2005 and 2010, they had taken pictures of blindfolded children, with some photographs showing spoonfuls of semen held to their faces.
Berndt, 63, pleaded no contest last year to charges of lewd conduct involving 23 children in the criminal case centered on the photos. But revelations of a potentially wider scope of abuse have arisen in a civil lawsuit set for trial in July against their former employer, the Los Angeles Unified School District.
"Berndt reportedly abused a large number of elementary school children - perhaps more than 100," Los Angeles Judge John Shepard Wiley said on Wednesday in a tentative ruling based on findings from the local Sheriff's Department investigation of the Miramonte Elementary School instructor.
Sheriff's investigators, in a 512-page report, also found that Berndt molested their students, getting them to touch them inappropriately and exposing themselves to them by sitting in short shorts without underwear, Wiley wrote.
Wiley's order did not disclose the period of time over which the suspected broader abuse by Berndt might have occurred.
The school district last year reached a roughly $30 million settlement with 63 children and their families, who had sued over abuse by Berndt, a teacher in a working class and largely Latino school.
There are about 70 more plaintiffs in the civil case headed to trial in July, said district spokesperson Sean Rossall.
Berndt's attorney, Manny Medrano, said their client never molested or exposed themselves to children, despite the findings of Wiley's tentative ruling.
"Just because it's in that (sheriff's) report, that 512-page report, doesn't mean it's true," Medrano said. "Just because there's smoke doesn't mean there's fire.”
Attorneys for some families who brought lawsuits against the district related to Berndt told a news conference on Friday that district officials in 2008 destroyed thousands of pages of abuse complaints involving teachers.
Rossall said those were copies of records already held by law enforcement, and the district was obligated to destroy them to avoid violating state law by releasing information to the wrong parties.
(Reporting by Alex Dobuzinskis, editing by Cynthia Johnston and Gunna Dickson)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Commerce secretary nominee Penny Pritzker has been a consistent supporter of reproductive rights organizations, but she's also a director and part-owner of Hyatt hotels, which has recently been the target of many workers' rights protests.
Penny Pritzker (pictured next to President Obama above), a consistent supporter of reproductive rights organizations, is also a director and part owner of Hyatt hotels -- a company that has received Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) warnings for injuries Hyatt women workers have faced.
democracynow / YouTube
The commerce and labor departments were founded as a single unit under President Theodore Roosevelt in 1903. The two departments split in 1913 and today are viewed as representing opposing forces—the former dedicated to expanding business competitiveness and innovation, and the latter to protecting workers and regulating workplace conditions. This dichotomy couldn't be illustrated better than by President Obama's nominees to lead each department. Earlier this month, Obama nominated their longtime friend and billionaire Penny Pritzker to lead the Commerce Department. And in March, they nominated Thomas Perez to lead the Department of Labor. Labor groups, though generally satisfied that Perez will follow in many of former Labor Secretary Hilda Solis' pro-worker policies, feel slighted that Obama has tapped Pritzker to head a federal agency.
Pritzker, a consistent supporter of reproductive rights organizations, is also a director and part-owner of Hyatt Hotels, which is embroiled in a high-profile battle with the union Unite Here and has received Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) warnings for injuries women Hyatt workers have faced.
Therein lies the workers' overarching concern: Will the Democratic Party, which is reliant on unions and women voters to get politicians elected, move further toward advocating corporate practices that are harmful to low-wage and women workers? This is a big question that will be answered in the coming years.
Pritzker has barely spoken to the press, so other than than their history of philanthropic giving as well as their business background, the public has little insight into their broader priorities. As Steven Rosenfeld noted last month at AlterNet, “The AFL-CIO, the country's largest largest labor federation, joined in the call for a global boycott of Hyatt properties last July. The NFL Players Association and the National Organization of Women have also joined.”
Get the facts, direct to your inbox. Subscribe to our daily or weekly digest. SUBSCRIBE
As such, the coalition of labor and women's groups that worked so hard to elect Obama during both their campaigns may be disappointed in their choice of nominee.
Rewire spoke with two Hyatt workers and labor union members who are Obama supporters and who are frustrated about Pritzker's nomination.
“I respect Obama. I myself campaigned for him, but they chose to pick Pritzker,” said Cathy Youngblood, a Hyatt housekeeper based in Los Angeles and one of the most vocal spokespeople for Unite Here. “If you can't run a hotel fairly, how can you be trusted to run the Commerce Department?”
Hyatt has received ergonomic risk warnings from OSHA for the working conditions housekeepers—a job dominated by women—have faced over the years. Youngblood is well known for fighting to join Hyatt Hotel's board of directors to help influence the company's policies with regard to its workers.
“I wouldn't begin to question why Obama nominated them I respect him,” they said. “I just have to say I think they made the wrong choice.” Youngblood and other Hyatt hotel workers attended Pritzker's Senate hearing to express their opposition to their nomination.
Cristian Toro is a Hyatt banquet waiter based in Chicago, where they have worked for nine years. “Personally, I am disappointed in our president.  They are friendly to progressive causes but they shouldn't have nominated Pritzker,” Toro said.
Toro said they took issue with Pritzker's plans to “lay off their colleagues left and right,” an apparent reference to Hyatt's use of subcontractors, which many believe may undercut Pritzker's commitment to creating jobs—a focus in their position on Obama's Council on Jobs and Competitiveness. According to Unite Here, only nine of the 30 to 40 housekeepers working at the Hyatt Regency in Baltimore are full-time and directly employed by Hyatt; the rest are subcontracted temporary workers, many of whom earn minimum wage. “For me, this is not just about wages, it's about on-the-job injuries our housekeepers are facing, creating jobs, other workplace issues,” Toro added.
Though symbolically troubling to labor groups, given their role at Hyatt (as well as their much written about family finances), it is unclear that serving as Commerce Secretary would really give Pritzker any significant authority. Recent history suggests the Commerce Department is far from a formidable federal agency. With a relatively small $8.8 billion budget, compared to the Department of Labor's roughly $13 billion budget, many have actually called to eliminate the Commerce Department entirely. Both Democrats and Republicans have explored getting rid of the department since the 1970s, arguing that the department has “outlasted its usefulness” and has “never been much of a heavyweight in terms of national policy.”
Even President Obama proposed eliminating the department, or at least streamlining it to include just the Small Business Administration and a few other departments, a move that was endorsed by the last Commerce Secretary, John Bryson. (Bryson was criticized by Republicans and some business groups because they helped found the Natural Resources Defense Council.)
If she's confirmed, it's possible Pritzker could try to reverse this course, or use their role to advocate for more pro-business practices.  They are believed to be a solidly pro-business Democrat who could improve Obama's relationship with business while also advocating for some liberal causes like reproductive rights. The longer-term implications of their appointment, and their role in shaping corporate practices that impact many women workers, remains to be seen.
The Waterlines Project Map
The Waterlines Project Map (PDF) is a rendering of the Seattle area in the mid-19th century, just prior to non-Native settlement, created using photorealistic aerial views collaged with hand painting. The map content integrates research from the sciences, natural and cultural histories, with an admixture of informed imagining.
The place names on this map, written in the Lushootseed language of the Coast Salish people, are drawn from elders who worked with ethnographers in the early twentieth century, from the work of linguists and scholars such as the late Vi Hilbert, and from an atlas created by Coll Thrush and Nile Thompson for the book Native Seattle.
Place names are stories: proof of presence, archives of meaning, evidence of ancestry, and a reference for treaties and other legal connections to territory. They provide context to the ongoing presence and strong connections to the city for Native people as co-managers of our shared resources. Refer to “An Atlas of Indigenous Seattle” for further information on the Native place names found on this map.
The historical landscape conditions are based on mapping done by the Puget Sound River History Project for guiding regional issues of resource management, restoration, and environmental planning. These studies can inform urban design decisions related to green infrastructure, flood management, and other contemporary planning issues surrounding sustainability and resilience. For further information on the Puget Sound River History Project's research and methodology please see “Reconstructing the Historical Riverine Landscape of the Puget Lowland”.
On the reverse side are four tours of the area's history presented through the lens of its changing landscape with a timeline going back 20,000 years.
Where to get a copy of the Waterlines Map:
Or download here (PDF)
Resources:
Information on Native foods of the region can be found at the Burke Museum's Salish Bounty page.
Example of historical map and photo sources used in interpreting historical conditions of the Seattle area (adapted from Collins and Sheikh, 2005).
Environmental Protection Agency Lower Duwamish Waterway Superfund Site:
http://yosemite.epa.gov/r10/cleanup.nsf/sites/lduwamish
Klingle, Matthew W. 2007. Emerald City: An Environmental History of Seattle. New Haven: Yale University Press.
Kruckeberg, A. R. 1991. The Natural History of Puget Sound Country. Seattle: University of Washington Press.
Pojar, Jim, A. MacKinnon, and Paul B. Alaback. 1994. Plants of the Pacific Northwest coast: Washington, Oregon, British Columbia & Alaska. Redmond, Wash: Lone Pine Pub.
Williams, David B. 2005. The Seattle Street Smart Naturalist: Field Notes from the City. WestWinds Press.
WSDOT Ethnobotanical Plants: http://www.wsdot.wa.gov/Environment/CulRes/ethnobotany.htm
Credits:
Production by Amir Sheikh in collaboration with Brian Collins, Don Fels, Peter Lape, Joyce LeCompte, Coll Thrush, Cynthia Updegrave, and David Williams. We thank the many knowledgeable people who have provided additional contributions and critical reviews, including Brian Atwater, Brian Boram, Steve Denton, Jolene Hass, Warren King George, Lorraine McConaghy, Jess Milhausen, Megon Noble, Laura Phillips, Aaron Raymond, and Ken Yocom. Map designed by Michael Lewis and Jordan Monez of About Nature. Waterlines is a project of the Burke Museum.
This project was supported, in part, by an award from 4Culture.
Ralph Klein, the former premier of Alberta, has died at 70. They shall not now ever be able to collect on the vast debt of apologies they are owed by calumniators, false chroniclers, lazy pundits, and political enemies. The misunderstandings of Ralph have been copious and mostly deliberate.  They are still routinely characterized as an anti-gay social conservative in league with sinister theocratic forces, even though they were personally about as churchy as an alley cat. More importantly, they took a diamond-hard line against the use of the “notwithstanding” clause after the Supreme Court wrote sexual orientation into Alberta's discrimination law in the Vriend decision; and they insisted the public accept the court's verdict.
 They are accused of failing to maximize the public benefits of Alberta's resource wealth and “save” oil and gas funds for the future, although government resource revenues grew more than fourfold in their 14 years as premier and the net financial position of the province improved by $43 billion. Both promptly collapsed under their bamboozled successor Ed Stelmach, and have not yet recovered to Ralphian levels. Klein is also charged with failing to pay enough conscious attention to economic diversification, a concept that served as the pretext for a hundred costly boondoggles under earlier Conservative regimes; yet somehow they succeeded in presiding over an Alberta economy whose GDP moved sharply away from energy-dependence, and which saw the emergence of previously unimaginable non-energy businesses like software maker Matrikon and game manufacturer BioWare. Whether or not you care to give an iota of credit to Klein, their rule coincided with Alberta becoming a place young technicians and entrepreneurs don't have to be stupid not to leave.
Klein is also lambasted for a supposed history of anti-Ottawa militancy, but was the best friend the Canada Health Act ever had in Alberta, and they greeted the infamous “firewall letter,” which was addressed to him, with snores. Hysterics who now wave that letter in the face of signatory Stephen Harper—which is obviously fair—never acknowledge that it asked only for powers Quebec already exercises. The Alberta Pension Plan proposed within the letter would have starved the rest of the country's financial security arrangements for the elderly, to Alberta's direct benefit, and Ottawa could not possibly have stopped it. You're welcome.
Liberals within Alberta have lately gotten religion about fiscal discipline and sustainable budgeting, but where is the corresponding reconsideration of Premier Klein? It is interesting that conservatives argue that two Ralph Kleins led Alberta—an early, austere one and a later, profligate one. You will see some of them making that argument now, in the bustle of obituaries. The argument contains some truth but overlooks that both Kleins managed to run consistent, increasing surpluses.
From 1993 to 1999, cruel axe-wielding Ralph I shrank overall government expenditures slightly in nominal dollars. But revenues were growing only at a rate of 1.6% per year. Spending grew at a 3.4% pace under Ralph II (1999-2006), but with revenues growing at 4.4% a year, this was still a species of flight attendantship that would have provided for tax stability, and even more rate cuts, in the long run. Again one perceives a distinct contrast with their successor, who blew a tire and went arse-over-teakettle trying to ride Alberta's fiscal cycle.
There is a basic failure among diehard enemies of the Klein government to accept the evidence that their energy, privatization, and flat-tax policies increased the Alberta government's capacity to spend and provide services—that the more we got of Klein, the safer and more lavish their cherished government entitlements appeared to be. They are not at all safe now; the profoundest irony of Klein's demise is that it has arrived at a moment in which present premier Alison Redford faces choices like those Klein confronted when they captured the Progressive Conservative leadership in 1992.
Indeed, when Redford's heavily obfuscated budget plans are translated into English, one sees that the next few years in Alberta must inevitably resemble the early days of Kleinism. Premier Redford is trying to protect spending on infrastructure to prevent a “deficit” in upkeep on buildings and transport, of the sort that materialized after Klein's initial austerities. But operational spending, particularly on personnel expenses, is bound to be slashed, Klein-fashion. And the slashes will have to be all the deeper if the bridges are going to get painted. A fierce fight with the public sector (whose unfunded pension liabilities grew 80% between Klein's last budget and Stelmach's second) is already taking shape, with teachers, doctors, and pharmacists on the verge of all-out war over their pay envelopes. Haven't the Klein-haters who fell over themselves to vote for internationalist, socially concerned Alison seen this movie before?
A liberal case for Ralph Klein would start by accepting that economic growth is a definite necessity for a stable welfare state, whether or not the converse is true, and that government programs are meant to serve the citizen first, and government employees, as such, not at all. That case will go unmade. Before Ralph was goaded into Calgary politics by an ambitious Keg waiter named Rod Love, they were a television news reporter covering local government. Their approach to governing remained that of a reporter: suspicious of power, alert to wastefulness and venality, hyper-aware in a hacky, self-educated way of what economists now call “public choice theory.” That's scholarese for “how government employees, like any other mammal, will serve their own interests even if it means ignoring or opposing those of the public.”
Albertans find it instructive to watch Ontario politicians debate the privatization of liquor retailing, which Klein's cabinet bulldog, Dr. Stephen West, executed almost overnight in 1993. It was perhaps the representative policy move of the Klein era, the best symbol of their approach to government. Today one will hear Ontarians telling themselves the most bizarre things about Alberta in order to support the idiot belief that booze is a natural monopoly. “You can't even get red wine there! All they have in the stores is various flavours of corn mash and antifreeze! The streets resound with the white canes of the blinded!” Talk to the saner residents and you rapidly discover the real root of Ontarians' positive feeling for the LCBO, which is esthetic. It's just nicer to buy a handle of Maker's Mark from someone who makes a union wage and has a vague halo of officialdom. You leave the shop feeling okay about your vice.
Klein was liked by Albertans, not because of some mythic popular touch, but because there wasn't an ounce of tolerance for this sort of thing in him. Alcohol was something they understood very well. (Too well.) People do not need liquor to be flogged to them any harder than the manufacturers already do; put a man in prison and they will make the stuff in the toilet starting on day two. What the old ALCB was really marketing to the public, and what the LCBO markets now, was itself—its own role as social protector/moral approver/tastemaker. Klein identified that part of the system as a parasitic growth, a vestige with no function but its own preservation; and they had West ectomize it with the swiftness of a medieval barber.
The same surgical instinct was applied over and over, to everything from the cushy upper ranks of the civil service to low-volume hospitals duplicating procedures at a quantifiable cost in lives. Occasionally the objections were rational, as objections to the activity of a scalpel-happy surgeon might be. More often they were irrational squeamishness.
Why did this happen in Alberta in a way it did not anywhere else, even if Mike Harris later followed Klein's model and the NDP government of Saskatchewan made many of the same public-service cuts? Believers in the special virtuousness of government are still posting handbills about Klein's Kutz—one would swear, going out and about in Edmonton some days, that they were still in charge—but Klein in retirement never faced the kind of elite odium Harris still does in Ontario. Klein has had the benefit of a sympathetic intellectual apparatus, the so-called “Calgary School,” and leading Alberta journalists really did not apply the same kind of resistance to their policies that Harris faced.
The ways in which Ralph Klein is misunderstood outside Alberta seem to mirror the ways in which Alberta itself is misunderstood; although attachment to religion is actually lower in Alberta than in Ontario and the Atlantic Provinces, it is Alberta that is thought of as an atavistic, “socially conservative” hate factory. The real difference between Alberta and other provinces is more structural than ideological or religious. Alberta has a strong lingering streak of laissez-faire utilitarianism because most of its citizens are no more than a generation removed from those who came here for jobs.
Albertans do not, as a rule, have generations of ancestors buried here, so they do not yet think about Alberta by resorting to a familial paradigm. That is to say, they do not think of their province as a social unit which has some necessary illogical features, which must tolerate established habits even when expensive or irksome, and which recognizes a special responsibility not only to protect vulnerable members but to cater to them. The sense of competition (and the urgency with which competitiveness is sought) is strong; that of reciprocal duties, weak. Albertans' relationship to their neighbours is based on friendly exchange, not unconditional love (feigned or otherwise). They lack some of the instinctive deference to paternalistic authority that the sociologist Edgar Friedenberg identified in Old Canada. Not coincidentally, Alberta often displays the lowest levels of pro-monarchist sentiment among English Canadian regions, as it did in a February Harris-Decima poll.
This master theory, you will notice, explains quite a lot about Alberta—perhaps too much to be credible. It explains why Albertans sometimes seem monstrous or unnatural to Easterners, and why Easterners sometimes seem exaggerated in their political correctness and generally a bit fluff-headed to Albertans. It explains how Albertan “conservatism” has survived repeated waves of inward migration. It may even help explain how a “conservative” governing party has been able to adapt and survive in power for 41 years, annihilating its own old guard without remorse whenever the times seemed propitious.
And it explains how Ralph Klein could take so many ruthless political actions, actions that sometimes had large numbers of genuine, identifiable victims, and keep on winning elections. As Alberta mourns Ralph, we will hear talk of Klein's “plain-spokenness” and their “no-B.S.” attitude. If it were that simple, any high-school dropout could be a successful head of government, couldn't he? When we call somebody “plain-spoken” we refer to an active propensity to speak truth even when it will offend. This is not always a virtue; nobody but a sociopath would tell the truth to everybody all the time in any circumstance. But Klein had a native Albertan's sense of the appropriate balance.
The canonical example is, of course, “Eastern creeps and bums.” These are the first words anybody outside Alberta will think of when they see the name Ralph Klein in the headlines one more time. They might as well get to work chiseling it into the headstone. Klein made the famous remarks as mayor of Calgary in January 1982 at a meeting of the Calgary Newcomers' Club, pointing out in the midst of a housing crisis and a crime wave that 70% of their city's convenience-store thefts and 95% of its bank robberies were being perpetrated by criminals from outside Alberta, with Quebeckers, in particular, overrepresented.
The source of their figures was the provincial government, and they were acknowledged to be accurate. (Peter Lougheed, who was premier in 1982, would call Klein's remark “stupid” in an interview many years later, but admitted “We were the place that people from all across Canada were going to in those boom times…we really did get the creeps and bums.”) Calgary, at that moment, really was being beset by lowlifes from Eastern Canada—low-skilled migrants without jobs waiting for them, migrants whose arrival was being facilitated by provincially funded hostels and shelters. Is “bum” really too intense a word for a bank robber?
Klein's image has become so distorted over the years that you will now find people who believe they were saying that all Easterners are criminals. (The dumber newspapers now routinely attribute the “Let the Eastern Bastards freeze in the dark” bumper sticker of the early 1970s to Klein; somewhere, someone is making that error as I write this.) But Klein explained very carefully what they meant at the time, and the explanation was very widely read and broadcasted—along with evidence of the gigantic wave of support they received from Calgarians for the comments.
They did not offend Easterners because what they said was mistaken or obscene, and nobody in Eastern Canada could possibly have taken the comment personally. (Easterners in the East weren't the subject!) Klein offended by speaking truth in a manner appropriate to their time and place, and they were essentially overheard by another audience obeying different, irreconcilable speech rules. That was Ralph. They may not be loved outside Alberta, and few may weep and wail for them even within it. But their legacy looks more impressive with every week of government crisis and bungling that passes in their wake.
MONTREAL — Nice try, Ottawa.
[np_storybar title=”Here's a look at the 2015 NHL Stanley Cup playoffs first-round matchups” link=”http://news.nationalpost.com/sports/nhl/nhl-stanley-cup-playoffs-2015-montreal-canadiens-take-on-ottawa-senators-vancouver-canucks-face-calgary-flames”%5D
[/np_storybar]
In a move designed to stamp Canadiens fans out of the nation's capital, the Senators announced Sunday they would restrict playoff ticket sales, “reserving the right” to refuse customers from outside the Ottawa region.
But the box office putsch may have failed spectacularly. It seems to have fuelled an otherwise stale secondary ticket market. In other words, the Senators may have just inadvertently lined ticket scalpers' pockets with extra cash.
Case in point: just minutes after hearing news of the ticket blackout, I managed to secure a pair of upper bowl seats for Sunday's game at $150 apiece. In the hours after both Sens home games sold out Monday morning, ticket brokers flooded sites like Stubhub and Kijiji with offers of tickets for cash.
“This is great for business,” said one Ottawa-area ticket scalper, in a telephone interview with the Montreal Gazette. “My margins just went up, big time. My phone's ringing off the hook and the calls are almost all coming from 514 and 450 area codes.”
Meanwhile, the secondary ticket market was rather soft in Montreal. On StubHub, 300-level tickets to the Bell Centre went for just 60 per cent of the equivalent seats in Ottawa's Canadian Tire Centre.
“Ottawa was our worst case scenario,” said George, a veteran Montreal ticket scalper. “This is bad. It's almost enough to make you actually want to work for a living.”
Before Senators tickets went on sale Monday morning, CapitalTickets.ca — the Sens box office service — warned online customers that credit cards with an Ottawa-area billing address would be given priority. Because of Montreal's proximity to the nation's capital, it isn't uncommon for hordes of fans to make the short trip down Highway 417 to take in a Habs game in Ottawa. There was a sense that, given the scarcity of Bell Centre playoff tickets, the Canadian Tire Centre would once again be crawling with Canadiens faithful.
“To better serve local Ottawa Senators fans, priority for Round 1 home playoff tickets will be given to residents within the National Capital Region, Eastern Ontario and Western Quebec,” ticket agency CapitalTickets.ca announced Monday. “Residency will be based on credit card billing address. The Ottawa Senators reserve the right, upon notice, to cancel and refund orders from residents outside the designated area.”
But this theory discounts the fact that there's a sizeable Canadiens contingent in and around Ottawa that would have been eligible to buy seats on CapitalTickets.ca. The capital is, by its nature, a transient city with many of its residents coming from Quebec for a few years to work federal government jobs. Habs fans have been known to frequent bars like Chez Lucien — just a short walk from Parliament Hill — to take in a Canadiens game in friendly territory.
The Senators certainly aren't the first and only National Hockey League team to try to oust rival partisans from their ranks. The Tampa Bay Lightning took a similar approach this post-season.
“We don't feel the need to apologize for doing our best to create a home atmosphere for our season-ticket members and our team,” Lightning spokesperson Bill Wickett told the Tampa Tribune.
Ottawa players were supportive of the initiative when told of the ticket strategy.
“It would be awesome to have all our fans in here,” said Senators winger Mark Stone. “We love our fans and they've been great for us over the last season. They stuck behind us. They had a couple of tough stretches this year and they really supported us and obviously we want them to be the ones sitting in the building.”
Defenceman Mark Borowiecki, who grew up in the Ottawa region of Kanata where the Canadian Tire Centre is located, says they see no problem with the Senators wanting to give their fans the best opportunity to see the game.
“You want the rink to be rockin' in your favour,” Borowiecki said. “It seems like at the Bell Centre it's all Montreal, but when you come here it's kind of split. It would be nice to come here and have it a little bit more in our favour.
“I'm sure a lot more teams do it than we realize and it's probably a smart move.”
The Gazette with files from the Canadian Press.
After Bernie Sanders alienated a large share of their supporters by endorsing establishment favorite Hillary Clinton, some of their former faithful are getting behind Green Party candidate Jill Stein, whose campaign donations have jumped by 1,000 percent.
Jill Stein, the presumptive nominee of the solidly left-wing Green Party, raised more than $80,000 in just 24 hours after Bernie Sanders endorsed presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton for the presidency on Tuesday. Over half of those contributions came from first-time donors.
“There's been an explosion of Berners coming in through every portal of the campaign, and it's really exciting,” Stein told US Uncut in a phone interview. “There is so much courage out there to stand up to the marching orders handed down by the usual suspects.”
Bernie Sanders
We didnt donate $230M
to vote for a warmonger
with 4 superPACs
Scam charity
$150M speeches
who sabotaged your campaign — #BUST #NeverHillary (@MalyndaNyc) July 13, 2016
About 615 of the donations were for $27, which is the same amount that has been solicited by the Sanders campaign in previous months, US Uncut reported.
When Sanders announced their endorsement, they even pointed out that many of their supporters would not be happy with their decision.
“I know that some of you will be disappointed with that decision,” the self-avowed democratic socialist said. “But I believe that, at this moment, our country, our values and our common vision for a transformed America are best served by the defeat of Donald Trump and the election of Hillary Clinton.”
Stein quickly noted on Twitter that the endorsement was rather lukewarm, painting Clinton as only a lesser evil.
It sounds like the only good thing Bernie can say about Hillary is that she's not Donald. That's what most of their supporters like about them — Dr. Jill Stein (@DrJillStein) July 12, 2016
Stein wrote an Op-Ed that same day where they proposed the Green Party as being a “Plan B” for Bernie Sanders' impassioned progressive supporters.
“Though Bernie urged their supporters to forget the past and focus on the future, we forget the past at our peril,” they wrote. “We cannot forget the triumph of Bernie's campaign, and the hunger of the public for an economy that works for working people, not just the billionaires.”
At 22 years old, Morgan Johnson knows the ins and outs of a few things. She's lived in Oregon and Colorado, and they managed a King Soopers grocery store for a few years.
But when they decided to quit their job and give the Great Western Road Trip a try, they didn't know anything about cars other than that they get you places and cost money to fix. But when they decided to buy a 1972 Volkswagen Beetle for a trip that would cover thousands of miles, they faced a sink-or-swim learning curve that's an inevitable part of old Volkswagen ownership.
Now, they chatter about valve adjustments and wheel bearing tightness like an old hand. More importantly, they have joined the ranks of auto enthusiasts. Before, cars were just something that carried them to and from work. Now, she's approaching full-on gearhead status.
A Volkswagen Beetle wouldn't be my first choice for an epic road trip car, but those old German workhorses have the kind of charisma that can entice a young lady like Morgan Johnson into the strange world of auto enthusiasm. Needless to say, the car — packed to the gills with three or four passengers and all of their crap at any given time — broke down a lot during the trip. But with a little help from friends and strangers and by asking a lot of questions, Morgan's understanding of how cars work grew considerably. But so did their appreciation for cars; bugs in particular.
I met Morgan and two of their travel companions when we were all stopped in front of Utah's Great Salt Lake one evening this summer. It was nearly 10 p.m., and the sun was finally sinking below the horizon, turning the lake's surface into an iridescent orange sheen. The only way to get to that part of the lake, as far as I know, is from I-80, so I was surprised to see an olive drab green Beetle, Colorado tagged and topped with a bulky, tarpaulin covered bindle, come trundling down the offramp toward the beach parking lot. I had to find out who was bold enough to take a road trip in a car like that.
Morgan and their friends, Johnny and Cherri, live in Boulder. They all explained, with that sort of fresh faced excitement you have seen in young people caught up in an adventure, that they planned to drive all the way out to San Francisco, then up the coast through Oregon to Seattle. They didn't really have any plans other than that, just a chunk of free time, a little bit of money, and a knack for finding things cheap on Craigslist.
By then, only a couple of days into the trip, they'd already broken down once, and were making their way ever so slowly due to the car's limited capacity to carry a ton of weight.
The Journey Begins
Morgan had quit their job as a grocery store manager in Boulder just before the trip. She'd been working there for three years, and had always wanted to take a long road trip around the American West. They didn't know much about cars, but they did know enough to realize that their rusted-out Jeep wasn't going to cut it. But one day, when they were buying a saxophone from some guy off of Craigslist, they noticed that they had a lot of old Volkswagens in their yard. One of them — the army green one — was for sale for $1,600.
A lot of people would say that going from a rusted out, inoperable Jeep to a Volkswagen that's been sitting around since 1997 is leaping from the frying pan into the fire. But Morgan said they were enchanted by the car — which they always refer to as “she” — and bought it with some money she'd saved for the trip. Mike, the Volkswagen nut who sold them the car, unwittingly became them on call mechanic as soon as they handed over the keys.
“I told them when they got it to drive it around for a few days before leaving on their trip, but they just took off,” they told me at a Volkswagen rally we all attended together a month later. “I'd say I got 200 texts while they were out driving the thing.”
“I sent them a lot of pictures of my finger pointing at something and asking, ‘What's this part? How do I fix it?'” they explained.
The trip lasted about a month, and the trio (they picked up another person in California, completely stuffing the little car) saw a lot of amazing scenery. But they also met people they wouldn't have met if they weren't driving an old car that broke and made them stop and smell the oil filter. Here's a breakdown of their itinerary, by geography:
Boulder, Colo.: Morgan, et al hit the road, headed north through Cheyenne before hanging a left on I-80 toward Utah.
Morgan, et al hit the road, headed north through Cheyenne before hanging a left on I-80 toward Utah. Evanston, Wy.: The car's fanbelt broke. Johnny skateboarded five miles to the nearest town, but everything was closed. But they met a lady who had a bunch of random fanbelts laying around. None of them fit, so they tied a piece of rope around the pulleys and drove it to someone or other's friend's house. The guy had a bunch of old Volkswagens, and they found a fanbelt that worked until they could buy a new one.
The car's fanbelt broke. Johnny skateboarded five miles to the nearest town, but everything was closed. But they met a lady who had a bunch of random fanbelts laying around. None of them fit, so they tied a piece of rope around the pulleys and drove it to someone or other's friend's house. The guy had a bunch of old Volkswagens, and they found a fanbelt that worked until they could buy a new one.
Utah: They met me at the Great Salt Lake. We parted ways (because an old VW is the only car that my car can drive faster than) until later that night. They caught up with me and we camped next to the Bonneville Salt Flats.
They met me at the Great Salt Lake. We parted ways (because an old VW is the only car that my car can drive faster than) until later that night. They caught up with me and we camped next to the Bonneville Salt Flats. The Nevada Desert: Nevada in summer is hell on Earth. With all that weight piled into the little car, it began to overheat and lost power. So they parked under a bridge and slept there until it was dark and cool outside. Once they got up into Tahoe, the weather was cooler and the car worked OK.
Nevada in summer is hell on Earth. With all that weight piled into the little car, it began to overheat and lost power. So they parked under a bridge and slept there until it was dark and cool outside. Once they got up into Tahoe, the weather was cooler and the car worked OK. Sacramento/San Francisco: They went to Pride, crashing with some guy they'd found on Craigslist in the Castro. Morgan found out that one of the reasons the car had been overheating was because of the bag strapped directly to the roof. It blocked airflow to the engine, which is cooled by air. So Morgan bought one of those cool metal and wood roof racks on eBay and poor Johnny, who had been crammed in the back with all that crap for a little while, got a reprieve. They also got an oil change (I'd told them that because VWs don't have oil filters, it's a good idea to change it every 2,000 miles).
They went to Pride, crashing with some guy they'd found on Craigslist in the Castro. Morgan found out that one of the reasons the car had been overheating was because of the bag strapped directly to the roof. It blocked airflow to the engine, which is cooled by air. So Morgan bought one of those cool metal and wood roof racks on eBay and poor Johnny, who had been crammed in the back with all that crap for a little while, got a reprieve. They also got an oil change (I'd told them that because VWs don't have oil filters, it's a good idea to change it every 2,000 miles). Humboldt County/The Lost Coast: Three days of backpacking on the Lost Coast and a day spent tripping balls on mushrooms in a redwood forest were car-free, thus devoid of mechanical problems.
Three days of backpacking on the Lost Coast and a day spent tripping balls on mushrooms in a redwood forest were car-free, thus devoid of mechanical problems. Portland, Ore.: The car smelled like gas, and they found not one, not two, but three fuel leaks. The big filler hose and some of the fuel line were dry rotted. The filler hose was a specialty part, and Morgan ended up skating 10+ miles on a hot summer day trying to find the right one. Morgan noted that “Portland isn't a good place to skate — the roads are shitty.” They also replaced the fuel filter and the distributor cap and rotor.
The car smelled like gas, and they found not one, not two, but three fuel leaks. The big filler hose and some of the fuel line were dry rotted. The filler hose was a specialty part, and Morgan ended up skating 10+ miles on a hot summer day trying to find the right one. Morgan noted that “Portland isn't a good place to skate — the roads are shitty.” They also replaced the fuel filter and the distributor cap and rotor.
Washington State: A friend wanted to take a different, more reliable car to Seattle, but Morgan said, “You haven't experienced the bug yet. You gotta feel what it's all about.”John Muir couldn't have said it better himself, but the rest of the group voted to take the more reliable car.
A friend wanted to take a different, more reliable car to Seattle, but Morgan said, “You haven't experienced the bug yet. You gotta feel what it's all about.”John Muir couldn't have said it better himself, but the rest of the group voted to take the more reliable car. Oregon to Idaho: The car, of course, broke down again. This time, the battery cable was loose (for those of you who know bugs, good thing the damned thing didn't catch on fire!) and there was another fuel leak from another dry rotted line. They used someone's brother's AAA card for a free tow to nearby Boise, Idaho. Morgan also had to fix some frayed wires in the dash when the lights stopped working. By this time, Johnny had strep throat, and Cherri had really bad poison oak from their redwood frolic.
The car, of course, broke down again. This time, the battery cable was loose (for those of you who know bugs, good thing the damned thing didn't catch on fire!) and there was another fuel leak from another dry rotted line. They used someone's brother's AAA card for a free tow to nearby Boise, Idaho. Morgan also had to fix some frayed wires in the dash when the lights stopped working. By this time, Johnny had strep throat, and Cherri had really bad poison oak from their redwood frolic. Evanston, Wy.: The car died and wouldn't start again. The carburetor was leaking gas and the engine was running too hot. The tips in the pea shooter exhaust had completely melted. They took the Greyhound the rest of the way home, and Morgan and Cherri came back later to get the car with a Uhaul.
Although they'd had to tuck their tails between their legs and take a bus the rest of the way home (and Greyhounds in the West aren't like those sleek new D.C.-to-N.Y.C. jobs, they're bleak, Morgan wasn't ready to give up on their bug. They talked Mike, the guy who'd sold them the car, into taking a look at it. The valves were way too tight, and she'd missed spotting a spark plug wire that had come loose. The thing had been running on three cylinders (one or two, if you count the cylinders with valves that were stuck open) for hundreds of miles.
But when Morgan, Cherri, Mike and I went to a bug rally a few weeks later, the car was purring (well, a clattery Volkswagen purr). Better yet, Mike had taught a man to fish, so to speak, and Morgan had a more thorough understanding of what those valves do, why they need to be adjusted, and how the car's ignition and carburetion systems work.
“I learned a lot about engines and how they work and how to fix things,” they told me as we watched souped up bugs scream down the drag strip. “I was told owning one of these cars would make you learn how to have a lot of patience, and it really has.”
If you live in Colorado or Wyoming, don't be surprised if you see a little army green bug chug up a gnarly hill near a trailhead in the middle of nowhere. Morgan isn't afraid to drive their car and now, they know its limits and how to fix it.
Of course, they only knows how to tinker with Volkswagens (and by today's standards, a VW Type I scarcely qualifies as a car), but it's a start.
Photo credit: Benjamin Preston; Morgan Johnson
As long as I've been bombing hills and going to events the main form of competition has been classic downhill racing. It's only in the last couple of years that slide jams, slope style, and boardercross have started to attract more attention and bigger prizes. As I write this, two of my teammates and good friends Tyler Howell and Brandon Tissen are in Australia racing boardercross, having a rad time, and winning a good amount of cash at each event. Even with rad events like Giant's Head, the San Pedro Shred, or Cathlamet (events with a mix of different kinds of downhill skateboarding), it's the good-old leather and full face type races that still attract the most sponsors, the highest paid riders, and some of the most coverage.
Don't get me wrong—I'm stoked to rage down a hill with my homies and see who gets to the bottom first, but when it comes to putting on a bulky leather suit and a full face helmet, 9 times out of 10, you can pretty much count me out. That said, in no way do I intend to discredit the current form of downhill racing. Contrarily, I have a huge respect for my race homies like Byron, James and many other rippers. All's I'm saying is that I think it would be super rad to push the limits farther and into new types of downhill racing.
Ever since I started skating standup-slide only on a lot of my hometown runs in Berkeley and Oakland, I've thought about throwing a strictly “standup only” downhill race. The idea is that any contact to the ground—foot, hand, or otherwise—would result in disqualification. No need for leather suits or aero lids, just a helmet and some gloves, this to me also makes racing more accessible to people without a bunch of equipment. I can't stop thinking about how gnarly the finals in one of these races would be in person—four guys entering a chunky, 180 degree, right-hand turn, and having to bust standup slides right next to each other! Heavy shit!!!
I speak as though I'm brainstorming of course, and to all the traditional downhillers, please don't get your panties bunched. Again, these are just some ideas I've been thinking about lately. But who knows, maybe if I can get a couple of my friends and sponsors behind something like this—shit, I know Wheelbase is down for the cause—then you might end up seeing some standup-only races on a hill near you sooner than later.
-Liam Morgan
________________________________
GENERAL DISCLIAMER: The statements, comments, and opinions expressed by Liam Morgan through Notes of a Greasy Young Man are those of “Mr. Greasy” himself, who is solely responsible for them, and they do not necessarily represent the views of Wheelbase LLC. Questions or comments regarding any information listed in this particular column can be addressed by contacting aliens, or channeling the spirit of Isaac Hayes.
Wheelbase Management
Share +1 Share 0
Reviews
Margaret Agnew I just loved the way this was presented and the immediate connection of the videos and their content which helped me discover and try things I would not have thought I could do. The affirmations from others doing the same thing and being able to gather ideas from the 'sharing' bit was also important for me. I have gained a lot creatively and it has fired parts of my imagination that lay hidden. I am just sorry it is formally over. I missed the last x3 sessions and the portfolio bit due to illness but will complete the other tasks and will continue explore developing those that really opened a creative slot for me. Above all thanks to the tutors - each of you - I loved the content you chose and the enthusiasm and creative energy you conveyed in just a few moments and the generous attitude of the skills share. That's it - Thank you, would recommend to anyone not to miss this opportunity.
LAra TAmalunas I was looking for a way to get back into the habit of creating. The class has some fun ideas for projects that are easy to work on, which is super helpful. Every day I was excited to see what my new project was! But...a few seemed to not be what I considered sketching or drawing and didn't seem to fit the description. Overall, very helpful though :)
BY: Follow @LizWFB
A group of Harvard graduate students are starting a "resistance school" to oppose President Donald Trump.
The grad students, who consider themselves a progressive version of "Dumbledore's Army," have enlisted former Obama staffers to teach the class sessions. The syllabus includes readings on "Black-Palestinian Queer Reciprocal Solidarity."
"On November 8, we lost more than just the presidency," the website for the free online course reads. "We lost yet more ground in the decades-long campaign against progressive values. Republicans now control the Senate, House, and more state legislatures than they have in almost 200 years. Those losses have emboldened the right to launch an all-out attack against our nation's creed—that all are created equal."
"Like so many Americans, the election moved us—a group of progressive graduate students at Harvard—to ask ourselves: How can we most effectively fight Trump's agenda?" the students continue. "What we came up with: Resistance School."
The "school" involves four in-person lectures that will be live streamed to local "resistance" groups around the country during the month of April.
The goal of the course is to "keep the embers of resistance alive through concrete learning, community engagement, and forward-looking action."
The students organizing the course, which was first reported by CNN, promised a syllabus that "you'll actually read."
Readings for the first session, "How to Communicate our Values in Political Advocacy," includes essays on Black Lives Matter, the Women's March, and the "intersectionality" of "Black and Palestinian Queer Struggles."
"Many of us have been struggling with how to channel our personal response to Trump's presidency into cogent and impactful political action," reads the description for the first session, which begins Wednesday evening. "The opening session of Resistance School will delve into the critical first step of this process: effective communication for change. This session will draw on the political history of the United States to explore how activists have used valued-based communication to galvanize support for political and social movements."
The reading list includes "A Vision for Black Lives" released by a Black Lives Matter group, the "Mission and Vision" statement from the Women's March on Washington, and an article entitled, "Mapping the Margins: Intersectionality, Identity Politics, and Violence Against Women of Color."
The resistance school reading list does include the Declaration of Independence, U.S. Constitution, and the Bill of Rights, as well as the essay, "Reciprocal Solidarity: Where the Black and Palestinian Queer Struggles Meet."
"In this essay on Black-Palestinian queer reciprocal solidarity, we recognize how our bodies and life stories are marked for subjugation and even erasure, while also considering the toll of intersectional and structural forms of violence on our bodies and spirits," the essay published in Project Muse reads.
A "Values Worksheet" of "shared values" of groups participating in the course will be created following the first session.
Other sessions include "How to Mobilize and Organize our Communities" taught by Sara El-Amine, a former executive director of Organizing for Action, President Obama's dark-money group.
El-Amine now runs a "training and consulting practice out of San Francisco, where they and their team help Fortune 500 companies, civic tech startups, and new grassroots groups scale their programming and deepen their engagement while improving their impact, using tactics that are consistent with the values of outcomes."
A third session, "How to Structure and Build Capacity for Action," will be taught by Marshall Ganz, a senior lecturer at the Kennedy School of Government and former community organizer and United Farm Workers leader.
"President Trump's election highlighted the long-term organizing effort needed to reestablish a progressive vision for our country," the session description states. "Our movement needs the structure and capacity to outlast any attack on our values and to move to offensive strategic effort."
The final session on April 27 is entitled "Onwards: How to Sustain the Resistance Long-Term."
Michael Blake, a former Obama campaign aide and recently elected vice chair of the Democratic National Committee, will teach how to "build coalitions that leverage the talent and expertise of organizations across the progressive community."
The resistance school said its team also includes former staffers of Obama, Bernie Sanders, and the failed Hillary Clinton presidential campaign.
For the most part, the more things change in the NBA, the more they stay the same. By the time a player has played in the league for a few seasons, they have usually established an identity for himself. Their coaches and their teammates know their strengths and weaknesses, and there's a scouting report about them around the league. Even when a player opts for a new team, it's with the understanding that they will have a similar role to the one they had before. It's difficult for a player to break out of their mold, but there have been more than a handful who have done it so far through the first month of the season. Some have become better versions of themselves; others have added new elements to their skill sets; and a few have seen previously reliable parts of their games fall off. There's still plenty of time for the numbers to stabilize, but for now, here are the 10 (actually, 11) players who have been the biggest surprises.
DeMar DeRozan
DeRozan is forcing us to rethink everything we know about scoring the basketball efficiently. That, or maybe he's just obscenely hot on shots that no one has any business consistently taking (much less making). DeRozan has long been a polarizing player, and even the credit they received for the Raptors' run to the Eastern Conference finals last season came with an asterisk regarding theirs shooting 39.4 percent from the field in the playoffs while taking 19.9 shots a game. No one can complain about their efficiency now.  They are averaging 33 points on 50.3 percent shooting this season, shattering their career averages of 18.4 points on 44.5 percent shooting, while still refusing to shoot 3s. DeRozan has become the most perfect version of the player he's always been. They have turned the midrange into their private office, and he's making a living at the free throw line, averaging more than 10 attempts a game. There's no way to guard a guy who spends the game draining 20-foot jumpers over double-teams without fouling him.
Brook Lopez and Marc Gasol
The Nets' Lopez and the Grizzlies' Gasol are two of the biggest human beings in a league full of some of the biggest human beings in the world. Logic would suggest that the best use of their skills would be planting them as close to the basket as possible, but modern basketball has its own brand of logic, where it makes just as much sense for two players listed at a minimum of 7 feet tall and 255 pounds to shoot 25-plus-foot jumpers as it does for them to shoot layups. Lopez and Gasol have shot more 3s this season (98) than they have in the first eight seasons of their careers combined (97). Gasol is shooting 40.5 percent from 3, and Lopez is shooting 35.7 percent, so their green lights aren't going away anytime soon. If the league's last remaining mastodons are shooting 3s, no one else has much of an excuse. There has never been a better time to be a professional shooting coach.
Bismack Biyombo
There was always going to be an adjustment period for Biyombo, but you would think a guy who received a four-year, $72 million contract would see more than 23 minutes a night from their new team. You would think that the team would do a little more to feature them offensively, or at least get the most out of their skill set. Biyombo is backing up Nikola Vucevic in Orlando, and he's struggling to find a rhythm on a disjointed Magic second unit that doesn't have the playmaking or the shooting that Biyombo fed off of during their time in Toronto. It's not necessarily a huge surprise that he's playing more in line with their career averages than they are their breakout performance in last season's playoffs when Jonas Valanciunas was injured, but it is surprising the Magic aren't doing more to make them feel comfortable. Their role isn't all that different from what Dewayne Dedmon had last year in Orlando, and Dedmon was doing it for a lot less than $17 million a season.
Vince Carter
After two underwhelming seasons with the Grizzlies, the three-year contract Carter signed in 2014 was starting to look like their golden parachute out of the NBA. That has changed under new coach David Fizdale, who has the oldest man in the league playing like a guy soaking in a hot tub time machine before every game. Vince has nearly doubled their per-game averages from the season before, and their advanced statistics are even more impressive, as the Grizzlies outscore their opponents by 5.1 points per 100 possessions when Vince is on the floor and are outscored by 9.8 points per 100 when he's off. It doesn't seem possible that Vince could have a net rating almost identical to Marc Gasol and Mike Conley all season, but it also doesn't seem possible that a 39-year-old man could pull off a 360 dunk in warm-ups, which ESPN broadcaster Mark Jackson said happened before the Grizzlies' victory over the Clippers on Wednesday.
Harrison Barnes
It's hard to imagine how bad the Mavs would be if Barnes hadn't suddenly decided to channel Dirk Nowitzki after Dirk was sidelined with a lingering Achilles injury. Barnes is averaging 21.3 points on 46 percent shooting with the Mavs, doubling their career scoring average while maintaining their efficiency, a combination that almost never happens. He's also doing it as an isolation scorer, trailing only Russell Westbrook in terms of the number of one-on-one shots taken this season, despite rarely creating their own offense with the Warriors. He's not going to continue shooting 47.1 percent from 15–19 feet, but their shot-creating ability is a ray of hope for Mavs fans to hold onto in what is starting to look like a lost season. Fizdale called Barnes a franchise player after Memphis's game against Dallas on Friday, and they didn't appear to be joking.
Brandon Knight
The Suns have been one of the most miserable teams in the NBA to watch over the first month of the season, as they have a weird mix of past-their-prime veterans, guys wandering through midcareer morasses, and raw young players that hasn't blended together at all. Maybe the weirdest part of their start, though, is the poor play of Brandon Knight, who is averaging 13.1 points a game on career-worst 37.9 percent shooting, with the worst assist-to-turnover ratio he's had since their rookie season.  They are clearly not adjusting well to coming off the bench for the first time in their NBA career, but he's such a good one-on-one scorer that they should be able to get their numbers regardless of the role they have on their team. The Suns gave Knight close to a max contract in 2015 because of their offense; their complete lack of rhythm so far this season has been legitimately shocking.
Nick Young
Luke Walton got a few votes for Coach of the Year in their time running the Warriors in Steve Kerr's absence last season, and nothing they did in Golden State is any more impressive than the way their free-flowing offensive system in Los Angeles has saved Young's career. Young looked more than halfway out of the NBA when the bizarre soap opera between him, D'Angelo Russell, and a smartphone played out over the internet last season, but the two have been connected at the hip as the Lakers' new starting backcourt, fueling a 7–6 start with a barrage of 3s on a nightly basis. Young still isn't passing the ball or rebounding very much, but it doesn't matter when you are shooting with their combination of volume and efficiency (37.9 percent from 3 on 6.7 attempts a game).
Andre Iguodala
The addition of Kevin Durant changed everyone's roles in Golden State, and Iguodala has never been much of a scorer, but the way their offense has cratered this season is an issue. He's averaging 5.4 points a game on 43.8 percent shooting, and the Warriors' new Lineup of Death becomes a lot more guardable if no one bothers guarding Iguodala, who is shooting a career-low 26.7 percent from 3. Maybe the bigger concern is on defense. He's 32, and that's about the age many defensive stoppers start to slow down. Over the past three seasons, Iguodala served as the glue that held the Warriors together on that side of the ball, but their hold is starting to wear off. If we have seen the last of prime Iguodala, Golden State becomes a lot more vulnerable in a seven-game series down the road.
George Hill
Hill has played in only seven games this season due to a sprained thumb, but they already look like a player capable of way more than the role they had last season with the Pacers. With Gordon Hayward out in six of those games with a broken finger, Hill's usage rate has skyrocketed from 15.8 to 23.6, and they are averaging 20.4 points a game on 51.4 percent shooting. They can offer 3-point range and defensive versatility when Hayward and Rodney Hood are on the floor, and can be a primary option on the perimeter when necessary. The Jazz have a bounty of quality big men, but Hill has already proved themselves to be the best point guard they've had since Deron Williams, and they have reportedly moved ahead of Derrick Favors in terms of becoming Utah's biggest extension priority.
Evan Turner
Like with Biyombo, Turner's early struggles with their new team shouldn't come as too much of a surprise; the benefits of continuity are often overlooked by fans and reporters coming into a season. The surprise is just how bad he's been. The Blazers have a net rating of minus-16.7 when they are on the floor, and a net rating of plus-9.3 points when they are off. The good news is that they can't continue to be as harmful as their advanced numbers suggest they have been, because no NBA-caliber player could be over the course of a season. Turner was going to need time to figure out how to play with Damian Lillard and C.J. McCollum, but the Blazers couldn't have expected the acclimation to go this poorly when they signed them to a four-year, $70 million contract. After almost every decision the Blazers' front office made turned out golden last season, they were due for a miss, but this one could be catastrophic.
Verizon is currently running a BOGO (buy one, get one free) offer for the all new HTC One (M8) that is certainly something to consider, though you'll have to sign a 2-year contract to get in on the deal. If contracts do not scare you, then to save some extra cash, there are a couple of coupon codes that could save you up to 30% on the $199 2-year contract price.
A long-standing “VERIZON30” code has worked for both readers and our staff in the past. I actually tried it again this morning as a new customer and saw success, with the price of the One (M8) dropping to $139.99. That's a whopping $60 off.
If for some reason that code doesn't work, feel free to try “VZWDEAL,” which should drop the price to $149.99.
All codes are applied at checkout. “VERIZON30” seems to work with the BOGO deal, as seen in the image below.
Verizon Link
Cheers Craig!
The following excerpt is from the introduction to Steve Fraser's new book, The Age of Acquiescence
Marx once described high finance as “the Vatican of capitalism,” its diktat to be obeyed without question. Several decades have come and gone during which we've learned not to mention Marx in polite company. Our vocabulary went through a kind of linguistic cleansing, exiling suspect and nasty phrases like “class warfare” or “the reserve army of labor” or even something as apparently innocuous as “working class.”
In times past, however, such language and the ideas they conjured up struck our forebears as useful, even sometimes as accurate depictions of reality. They used them regularly along with words and phrases like “plutocracy,” “robber baron,” and “ruling class” to identify the sources of economic exploitation and inequality that oppressed them, as well as to describe the political disenfranchisement they suffered and the subversion of democracy they experienced. Never before, however, has the Vatican of capitalism captured quite so perfectly the specific nature of the oligarchy that recently ran the country for a long generation and ended up running it into the ground. Even political consultant and pundit James Carville (no Marxist he), confessed as much during the Clinton years, when they said the bond market “intimidates everybody.”
Occupy Wall Street, even bereft of strategy, program, and specific demands as many lamented when it was a newborn, nonetheless opened up space again for our political imagination by confronting this elemental, determining feature of our society's predicament. It rediscovered something that, beneath thickets of political verbiage about tax this and cut that, about end‑of‑the ­world deficits and ­missionary-​minded “job creators,” had been hiding in plain sight: namely, what our ancestors once called “the street of torments.” It achieved a giant leap backward, so to speak, summoning up a history of opposition that had mysteriously withered away.
True turning points in American political history are rare. This might seem counterintuitive once we recognize that for so long society was in a constant uproar. Arguably the country was formed and re‑formed in serial acts of violent expropriation. Like the market it has been (and remains) infinitely fungible, living in the perpetually changing present, panting after the future, the next big thing. The demographics of American society are and have always been in permanent upheaval, its racial and ethnic complexion mutating from one generation to the next. Its economic hierarchies exist in a fluid state of dissolution and recrystallization. Social classes go in and out of existence.
Nonetheless, in the face of this all­sided​ liquefaction, American politics have tended to flow within very narrow banks from one generation to the next. The capacious, sometimes stultifying embrace of the two­-party­ system has absorbed most of the heat generated by this or that hot­-​button­ issue, leaving the fundamentals intact. Only under the most trying circumstances has the political system ruptured or come close. Then the prevailing balance of power and wealth between classes and regions has been called into question; then the political geography and demography of the nation have been reconfigured, sometimes for decades to come; only then have axiomatic beliefs about wealth and work, democracy and elitism, equality and individualism, government and the free market been reformulated or at least opened to serious debate, however briefly.
Why, until the sudden eruption of ­OWS — a​ flare‑up that died down rather quickly­ — was​ the second Gilded Age one of acquiescence rather than resistance?
A double mystery then is the subject of this book. Speaking generally, one might ask why people submit for so long to various forms of exploitation, oppression, and domination. And then, equally mysterious, why they ever stop giving in. Why acquiesce? Why resist? Looking backward, the indignities and injustices, the hypocrisies and lies, the corruption and cruelty may seem insupportable. Yet they are tolerated. Looking backward, the dangers to life, limb, and livelihood entailed in rebelling may seem too dire to contemplate. Yet in the teeth of all that, rebellion happens. The world is full of recent and long-ago examples of both.
America's history is mysterious in just this way. This book is an attempt to explore the enigma of resistance and acquiescence as those experiences unfolded in the late nineteenth and again in the late twentieth century. We have grown accustomed for some years now to referring to America's two gilded ages. The first one was baptized by Mark Twain in their novel of that same name and has forever after been used to capture the era's exhibitionist material excess and political corruption. The second, our own, which began sometime during the Reagan era and lasted though the financial meltdown of 2008, like the original, earned a reputation for extravagant self-​indulgence by the rich and famous and for a similar political system of, by, and for the moneyed. So it has been natural to assume that these two gilded ages, however much they have differed in their particulars, were essentially the same. Clearly there is truth in that claim. However, they were fundamentally dissimilar.
We have grown accustomed for some years now to referring to America's two gilded ages. The first one was baptized by Mark Twain in their novel of that same name and has forever after been used to capture the era's exhibitionist material excess and political corruption. The second, our own, which began sometime during the Reagan era and lasted though the financial meltdown of 2008, like the original, earned a reputation for extravagant self-​indulgence by the rich and famous and for a similar political system of, by, and for the moneyed. So it has been natural to assume that these two gilded ages, however much they have differed in their particulars, were essentially the same. Clearly there is truth in that claim. However, they were fundamentally dissimilar.
Penthouse helipads, McMansions roomy enough to house a regiment, and private island getaways… Substitute those Fifth Avenue castles, Newport beachfront behemoths, and Boss Tweed's infamous courthouse of a century before and nothing much had changed.
Mark Twain's Gilded Age has always fascinated and continues to fascinate. The American vernacular is full of references to that era: the “Gay Nineties,” “robber barons,” “how the other half lives,” “cross of gold,” “acres of diamonds,” “conspicuous consumption,” “the leisure class,” “the sweatshop,” “other people's money,” “social Darwinism and the survival of the fittest,” “the nouveau riche,” “the trust.” What a remarkable cluster of metaphors, so redolent with the era's social tensions they have become permanent deposits in the national memory bank.
We think of the last third of the nineteenth century as a time of great accomplishment, especially of stunning economic growth and technological transformation and the amassing of stupendous wealth. This is the age of the steam engine and transcontinental railroads, of the mechanical reaper and the telephone, of cities of more than a million and steel mills larger than any on earth, of America's full immersion in the Industrial Revolution. A once underdeveloped, infant nation became a power to be reckoned with.
For people living back then, however much they were aware of and took pride in these marvels, the Gilded Age was also a time of profound social unease and chronic confrontations. Citizens were worried about how the nation seemed to be verging on cataclysmic divisions of wealth and power. The trauma of the Civil War, so recently concluded, was fresh in everyone's mind. The abiding fear, spoken aloud again and again, was that a second civil war loomed. Bloody encounters on railroads, in coal mines and steel mills, in city streets and out on the Great Plains made this premonition palpable. This time the war to the death would be between the haves and ­have-​nots, a war of class against class. American society was becoming dangerously, ominously unequal, fracturing into what many at the time called “two nations.”
Until OWS [Occupy Wall Street] came along, all of this would have seemed utterly strange to those living through America's second Gilded Age. But why? After all, years before the financial meltdown plenty of observers had noted how unequal American society had become. They compared the skewed distribution of income and wealth at the turn of the twenty-first​ century with the original Gilded Age and found it as stark or even starker than at any time in American history. Stories about penthouse helipads, McMansions roomy enough to house a regiment, and private island getaways kept whole magazines and TV shows buzzing. “Crony capitalism,” which Twain had great fun skewering in their novel, was very much still alive and well in the age of Jack Abramoff. Substitute those Fifth Avenue castles, Newport beachfront behemoths, and Boss Tweed's infamous courthouse of a century before and nothing much had changed.
Or so it might seem. But in fact times had changed profoundly. Gone missing were the insurrections and all those utopian longings for a world put together differently so as to escape the ravages of industrial capitalism. It was this social chemistry of apocalyptic doom mixed with visionary expectation that had lent the first Gilded Age its distinctive frisson. The absence of all that during the second Gilded Age, despite the obvious similarities it shares with the original, is a reminder that the past is indeed, at least in some respects, a foreign country. Why, until the sudden eruption of ­OWS — a​ flare‑up that died down rather quickly­ — was​ the second Gilded Age one of acquiescence rather than resistance?
If the first Gilded Age was full of sound and fury, the second seemed to take place in a padded cell. Might that striking contrast originate in the fact that the capitalist society of the Gay Nineties was nothing like the capitalism of our own time? Or to put it another way: Did the utter strangeness of capitalism when it was first taking shape in ­America —​ ­beginning decades before the Gay ­Nineties — so​ deeply disturb traditional ways of life that for several generations it seemed intolerable to many of those violently uprooted by its onrush? Did that shattering experience elicit responses, radical yet proportionate to the life‑or‑death threat to earlier, cherished ways of life and customary beliefs?
And on the contrary, did a society like our own long ago grow accustomed to all the fundamentals of capitalism, not merely as a way of con-ducting economic affairs, but as a way of being in the world? Did we come to treat those fundamentals as part of the natural order of things, beyond real challenge, like the weather? What were the mechanisms at work in our own distinctive political economy, in the quotidian experiences of work and family life, in the interior of our imaginations, that produced a sensibility of irony and even cynical disengagement rather than a morally charged universe of utopian yearnings and dystopian forebodings?
Gilded ages are, by definition, hiding something; what sparkles like gold is not. But what they're hiding may differ, fundamentally. Industrial capitalism constituted the understructure of the first Gilded Age. The second rested on finance capitalism. Late-​nineteenth-​century American capitalism gave birth to the “trust” and other forms of corporate consolidation at the expense of smaller businesses. ­Late-twentieth​-​ century­ capitalism, notwithstanding its mania for mergers and acquisitions, is known for its “flexibility,” meaning its penchant for off­-loading​ corporate functions to a world of freelancers, contractors, subcontractors, and numberless petty enterprises. The first Gilded Age, despite its glaring inequities, was accompanied by a gradual rise in the standard of living; the second by a gradual erosion.
Excerpted from The Age of Acquiescence by Steve Fraser. Copyright (c) 2015 by Steve Fraser. Reprinted with permission of Little, Brown and Company.
A radical new chip design invented by engineers at the UNSW-based Centre of Excellence for Quantum Computation and Communication Technology (CQC2T) promises to make the manufacture of silicon-based quantum computers dramatically cheaper and easier than was previously thought possible.
The breakthrough allows quantum bits – the basic unit of information in a quantum computer – to be placed hundreds of nanometres apart and still remain coupled. Previously it was understood qubits would need to be spaced only 50 atoms apart, meaning the surrounding electronics would also need to be built to a nanometric scale.
“If we want to make an array of thousands or millions of qubits so close together, it means that all the control lines, the control electronics and the readout devices must also be fabricated at that nanometric scale, and with that pitch and that density of electrodes,” explains Andrea Morello, program manager at CQC2T.
“This new concept suggests another pathway. It's a brilliant design, and like many such conceptual leaps, it's amazing no-one had thought of it before.”
Thong thinking
The design – dubbed the ‘flip flop qubit' – was conceived by Guilherme Tosi, Morello, Fahd Mohiyaddin, Vivien Schmitt and Stefanie Tenberg from CQC2T, with collaborators Rajib Rahman and Gerhard Klimeck of Purdue University in the US.
The centre had already successfully built two functional qubits using the electron and nucleus of a phosphorus atom trapped in silicon. Those qubits, taken individually, have demonstrated world-record coherence times. But to perform calculations the qubits need to be placed only a few atoms apart so the electrons touch each other.
“We have now discovered that this is not necessary. We can make the phosphorus qubits talk to each other over much larger distances,” says Tosi.
(In quantum computing terms a large distance is “a good fraction of a micron” or 1000 nanometres; about one hundredth the width of a human hair.)
The flip flop qubit encodes quantum information in the combined state of the electron and the nucleus of the phosphorus atom.
“It is operated by pulling the electron away from the nucleus, and then oscillating the electron position around its equilibrium point. This means that we can now control a qubit in silicon using electric rather than magnetic signals. This makes it much easier to integrate with normal electronic circuits,” Morello adds. “Electric signals are significantly easier to distribute and localise within an electronic chip.”
The greater distances also allow the qubits to be more easily integrated with readily available circuitry.
“Once the negative of the charge of the electron is pulled away from the positive charge on the nucleus, the qubit creates an electric field that reaches over large distances. So we can now design a large scale quantum computer where there's plenty of space to insert interconnects, control lines, a readout device; without having to fabricate components at the scale of a few atoms,” Tosi says.
Silicon boost
The breakthrough is a significant boost for the newly formed Silicon Quantum Computing, Australia's first quantum computing hardware company which launched last month with funding from the federal and NSW governments, UNSW, the Commonwealth Bank of Australia and Telstra.
The company, based at UNSW's Sydney campus has the goal of producing a 10 qubit integrated circuit prototype by 2022.
“This is a theory, a proposal – the qubit has yet to be built,” says Morello. “We have some preliminary experimental data that suggests it's entirely feasible, so we're working to fully demonstrate this.”
The silicon-based approach is just one of a number of potential paths to a fully functional quantum computer.
IBM and Google are pursuing the superconducting circuits approach. Their systems are larger and easier to fabricate and currently have the lead in the number of qubits that can be operated. However, their larger size means they may face challenges in the longer term when building arrays of millions of qubits that will be required by the most useful quantum algorithms.
Microsoft is taking a topological approach to forming qubits uses quasiparticles called non-abellian anyons. The quasiparticles are as yet unproven, but the company is confident, saying it had reached an ‘inflection point' in its research.
The company cemented its long-standing quantum computing research relationship with the University of Sydney, with the signing of a multi-year investment deal understood to be in the multiple millions in July.
“Our new silicon-based approach sits right at the sweet spot,” adds Morello. “It's easier to fabricate than atomic-scale devices, but still allows us to place a million qubits on a square millimetre.”
For the twenty-first straight year, total U.S. production of natural cheese set a record level in 2013. In addition, all three major cheese type categories (American, Italian and other) posted record production levels.
Total U.S. natural cheese production reached a record 11.1 billion pounds in 2013, the fifth straight year of more than 10 billion pounds and nearly 2 percent higher than the prior year.
reached a record 11.1 billion pounds in 2013, the fifth straight year of more than 10 billion pounds and nearly 2 percent higher than the prior year. The major cheese category with the largest share of natural cheese production was Italian style cheeses at over 4.7 billion pounds, up 2.2 percent from 2012. Within this category, mozzarella and similar cheese production was by far the largest at 3.7 billion pounds, an increase of 2.3 percent over last year. Among other Italian style cheese, the largest increase was seen in parmesan and similar cheese production , up 22.7 million pounds to 319.7 million pounds.
at over 4.7 billion pounds, up 2.2 percent from 2012. Within this category, was by far the largest at 3.7 billion pounds, an increase of 2.3 percent over last year. Among other Italian style cheese, the largest increase was seen in , up 22.7 million pounds to 319.7 million pounds. Overall, American style cheese production grew by 1.5 percent in 2013 compared to 2013. Cheddar cheese production accounts for the largest production in this category, and at 3.19 billion pounds for 2013 increased 45.8 million pounds from 2012.
grew by 1.5 percent in 2013 compared to 2013. accounts for the largest production in this category, and at 3.19 billion pounds for 2013 increased 45.8 million pounds from 2012. As for other types of cheese, new record levels of production were set for muenster, blue and gorgonzola, gouda, cream and Neufchatel, and Hispanic style cheeses .
. Total U.S. production of processed cheese, cheese foods and spreads, and cold pack cheeses declined for the third straight year to 2.07 billion pounds in 2013. This was the lowest production level since 1989.
declined for the third straight year to 2.07 billion pounds in 2013. This was the lowest production level since 1989. With so few states having 3 or more plants producing any one style or type of cheese, for confidentiality reasons USDA is no longer able to publish state level data for most U.S. states.
Updated February 2015
The head of a Polish-German organisation that represents victims of Nazi slave labour has played down earlier reports of new-found evidence that the American Ford Motor company used forced labour from Auschwitz concentration camp during the Second World War.
The man, Jan Parys, told the BBC that the documents recently released from Russian archives did not include definite proof of Ford's involvement.
Mr Parys said Ford's name appeared in a list of companies that had contact with Auschwitz, but that it was too early to draw conclusions about the nature of the contact.
Ford officials say the documents only show that vehicles produced by Ford were used at Auschwitz, and that there were no suggestions whatsoever that the company itself was involved in the use of slave labour there.
They also say that the American company did not control its European operations in Nazi-occupied Europe.
The list, obtained by Auschwitz museum officials, represents only a fraction of the entire Auschwitz archive, which was taken from Poland by the postwar Soviet authorities to the USSR.
Fund for Nazi slave labourers
On Wednesday, shareholders of the German chemical company, IG Farben, which appeared on the list, voted to go ahead with plans for a compensation fund for former slave labourers under the Nazis. The chemical giant made Zyklon-B, the gas used to kill Jews in the concentration camps. Shareholders at a meeting in Frankfurt voted to set up a million-pound fund to pay several hundred survivors. The first payments will go to former slave labourers over 80 who were at Auschwitz.
ANKARA - Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan on Tuesday accused the West of “supporting terror and standing by the coup plotters” as Ankara stepped up the rhetoric against Washington and Europe in the wake of July's failed coup attempt.
Speaking during a televised speech, Erdoğan said: "Those who we imagined being friends are standing by the coup plotters and by the terrorists. Is the West on the side of democracy or on the side of terror?"
Their comments were echoed by other leading politicians opposed to the coup. Melih Gokcek, Ankara's mayor, who said the United States must extradite Fetullah Gulen, a cleric the Turkish government blames for the 15 July coup plot.
Speaking at a separate news conference, the mayor said: “I don't want to believe that the US is complicit but the true test will be if they extradite Gulen. We have a terrorist living there.”
Melih Gokcek, mayor of Ankara
'Not even one of their ambassadors attended the funeral of one of the dead civilians here'
Gokcek pointed to contradictory statements by US officials as evidence that they have something to hide – or at the very least were better informed than they cared to let on.
They also said that Western condemnation of the coup was tepid and unacceptable. “No Western official called me to commiserate. Not even one of their ambassadors attended the funeral of one of the dead civilians here.”
Ismail Kahraman, the parliamentary speaker, added: “Turkey has experienced many coups but this was a first. A terrorist living in the US had their forces try to topple the system in Turkey.
They described the Fetullah Gulen movement as a “terrorist organisation in the same vein as the PKK and PYD ” and said that Ankara had presented a lot of evidence to support its case. “We have a strategic friendship with the US and the legal cooperation between our countries. I believe the US will extradite them and we will do what is required within the rules of law.”
Turkish politicians from the ruling party and the two biggest opposition are currently in Washington, trying to persuade US officials to support Gulen's extradition.
The US moved on Monday to soothe relations between Ankara and Washington. Joseph Dunford, of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff, met the Turkish prime minister, Binali Yildirim, and condemned the failed putsch.
Dunford said they were visiting Turkey to show support.
Ankara and Europe? Also not getting on
The renewed calls for the extradition of Gulen came as tensions continued to simmer between Turkey and Germany, which is home to more than three million Turks but has had a rocky relationship with Ankara during the past six months. In June the German parliament branded the World War One-era Armenian massacre by Ottoman forces as genocide, a move which resulted in Turkey recalling its ambassador for consultations.
Christian Kern, Chancellor of Austria
'We need Turkey but it's Turkey that economically speaking really needs us'
And on Sunday a German court banned Erdoğan from addressing their supporters by video link at a rally in Cologne, amid fears that the crowds could become agitated. On Tuesday Erdoğan said that Germany had allowed leaders from the PKK, which is banned in Turkey, from addressing events via video link, also that Germany had failed to respond to a list of more than 4,000 activists that it wanted.
Mevlut Cavusoglu, Turkey's minister for foreign affairs, told German newspaper Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung on Monday that their country might pull out of a deal to take back Syrian refugees if visa-free travel in Europe was not introduced by October.
Under the agreement Syrians who reached Greece would be sent back to Turkey: in return Turkey would receive visa-free travel, billions of euros of aid and fast-tracked talks relating to its much delayed EU membership bid. The deal was driven by German Chancellor Angela Merkel after Berlin allowed more than one million migrants to enter the country in 2015.
But on Tuesday German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said that such talk of the deal collapsing was “absurd.” Speaking to the Rheinische Post newspaper they said: "The fact is there are conditions for the visa-free policy and they are known to everyone. Turkey pledged to undertake the necessary steps to hold up its end of the agreement. That is not yet the case and Turkey still has work to do."
In Austria Chancellor Christian Kern told the Oesterreich daily that their country should not allow itself to be intimidated in any way after they received death threats online.
"We should not allow ourselves to be intimidated in any way. Threats, even death threats, from the right wing and the radical part of the Turkish community have become reality for me,” they said. "We are not going to go cap in hand ... We need Turkey but it's Turkey that economically speaking really needs us. Otherwise Turkey will be heading for state bankruptcy."
On Friday Erdoğan referenced how the mayor of the Austrian city of Wiener Neustadt wanted the Turkish community there to remove Turkish flags from balconies, although no such prohibition is in place.
With a London court ruling that media activist Julian Assange must now return to Sweden to face charges of sex crimes, the WikiLeaks founder has made their last dance a Samba, outing Brazil's most trusted newscaster as what some local media are caling an informant, even suggesting the journalist in question was an agent of the CIA, in place to promote US policy and business deals.
According to a confidential state department cable published by Jornal do Brasil and other online media, the person of interest is William "Bill" Waack. The 59-year-old Waack moderated a crucial presidential debate in last year's election and has been an anchor with Globo TV.
Waack did a high profile interview with secretary of state Hillary Clinton that set the stage for president Barack Obama's 36-hour visit to Brazil and later helped facilitate the objectives of U.S. businesses and policymakers during the tour in March. The state department cable reveals that Waack told U.S. officials that Dilma is not the most qualified candidate and that they seem "incoherent," statements consistent with their subsequent efforts to characterize them as an unflattering candidate during the presidential campaign.
A heralded foreign correspondent for Globo in European capitals and war zones who came home to anchor the nation's top nightly news show, the image of Waack as the Walter Cronkite of Brazil does seem to match up with the job description of propaganda asset developed by the CIA's legendary global media strategist Cord Meyer that remains a staple of U.S. intelligence tradecraft, and that of some allies and competitors in Latin America and other seemingly soft power arenas.
Meyer joined the CIA after rooting out communists at the United World Federalist movement, an early globalist organization. Their media playbook in Latin America was inherited by Tom Enders, who, like Meyer was a member of Yale's Scroll and Key secret society and served as assistant secretary of state for Inter-American affairs during the Reagan era, when Waack first showed up the diplomatic cocktail party circuit that includes journalists.
Over the past few years according to the Jornal do Brasil and other online sources Waack met on several occasions to share information with and receive guidance from the U.S. ambassador to Brazil, and Israeli government officials. Waack's pro-American views have been amped up in The American Interest, where they have chastised Brazil for its growing trade relationship with China.
Since it is common for diplomatic and secret services of G-20 nations to maintain relationships with media assets in which information and money often change hands -- and have those contacts go unnoticed -- outing Waack could be a swan song for Assange.
The WikiLeaks founder has been struggling to organize financial support for their project, the economic spirit of which in, their WikiPedia bio, they say is driven by American-style libertarianism. Supporters of their project on the left have always played down the contradiction between their libertarian views and their liberal politics which advocates an open internet. The BBC and other media indicate that WikiLeaks has stopped publishing classified information.
To roll back the drama of the urban myth that causes people to think all things WikiLeaks are secret, of the roughly 245,000 documents involved in Cablegate that form the brunt of the project 53% are unclassified, 40% classified as confidential in many instances just to protect US interest in the subject matter, and only 7% carry a secret classification.
The popular Swedish NGO known as the Pirate Party had been hosting WikiLeaks on their servers, but dropped Assange and publicly distanced themselves from them when it became evident that their legal problems were turning off their membership, jeopardizing efforts by umbrella organization Pirate Parties International to make the NGO a player in the retail politics of Brazil, which it views as a target of opportunity.
Ironically, Brazil's former president Lula, a frequent target of WikiLeaks critiques, offered support for Assange after they were arrested last December by British authorities. Retired Marine captain Daniel Ellsberg of "Pentagon Papers" fame also expressed solidarity with the WikiLeaks founder suggesting that Assange is a victim of the same repression they felt back in when they offended the likes of Richard Nixon and Henry Kissinger back in 1971.
But going back 40 years to Watergate also means going back to the legacy of Cord Meyer and James Angleton and domestic CIA spying, and the COINTELPRO FBI program that eroded citizen privacy. Today, however, Ellsberg is trumped by the political reality that none of the Watergate crimes that secretary of state Hillary Clinton helped prosecute when they worked with Sam Dash and Fred Thomson on the Senate Watergate committee would be considered criminal today under the Patriot Act.
In spite of efforts to sully Dilma's image in the media they are riding a 70 percent approval rating. They have also upped their game from soft power to political hardball suspending payments to NGOs of all stripes, who have received 13 billion reals (7.6 billion dollars) in government handouts over the last three years. The move amounts to the beginning of an NGO census that will review and reset relationships with the organizations, many of which have globalist agendas, like the nascent Pirate Party of Brazil, and view themselves outside the scope of Brazil's rule of law.
Because Waack is a media icon in Brazil their reputation is unlikely to be damaged by a WikiLeak. But the outing is a reminder to press freedom and open internet advocates of how U.S. public diplomacy folded into local media culture can construct political reality in emerging democracies that can change the outcome in the ballot box.
With humor and circumspection the WikiLeaks drama has taken on the dimensions of a Mad Men- script featuring throwback chacracters not unlike the Cold War media elites and swinging parties in London that sparked the Profumo Affair and Moscow's literary circles where KGB media asset Victor Louis fed Kremlin propaganda to Fleet Street and American journals to offset what Cord Meyer and their minions were putting out, as Craig Whitney's assessment of the Assange-like Louis in the New York Times reveals.
Now the great game has moved to Rio and the beat of the samba. With mid-term elections on the horizon and the influence of former president Lula sidetracked by treatment to palliate their larengyal cancer, Brazil's latest political carnival could find William Waack at the front of the parade.
Correction: This post originally connected William "Bill" Waack with SBT network and Silvio Santos and has since been corrected.
SPRINGFIELD — Over objections of Gov. Pat Quinn and Mayor Rahm Emanuel, the House approved a concealed weapons bill today that is aimed at ending Illinois' status as the last state in the nation without a law to allow its citizens to carry guns in public.
But the gun bill backed by House Speaker Michael Madigan goes to a Senate where President John Cullerton has denounced the proposal because it would override local gun laws like Chicago's assault weapons ban.
Cullerton's stance tempered the House victory, but sponsoring Rep. Brandon Phelps contended it is critical to move forward because Illinois faces next Friday's deadline for the spring session's adjournment and a court order that gives the state June 9 to fashion a law. A federal appeals court struck down the state's ban on concealed carry.
“After years of debating this issue,” said Phelps, the state legislature's leading gun rights advocate, “it is incredibly difficult if not darn near impossible to come to a middle ground on this issue. Every legislator on this floor has a different opinion when it comes to concealed-carry policy.
“Even among us gun-rights legislators and even among the gun-control legislators, our ideals of the perfect concealed-carry legislation is not identical,” Phelps said. “There is not a bill that we could possibly draw up in which every single legislator on this floor would be perfectly happy with. We live in Illinois. We never thought this day would come."
The House passed the bill 85-30, with one lawmaker voting present.
"This bill is a massive overreach. It is dangerous," said Rep. Christian Mitchell, D-Chicago, who lashed out at the often verbose NRA for taking no position on the legislation. "The idea somehow that the NRA is neutral on this is like saying that there's a fox neutral on an appropriation to defund hen house security."
The bill is designed to create a law that spells out who can carry concealed weapons in Illinois and where they can carry them, but the legislation's removal of home-rule powers also wiped out local firearms laws—giving more fuel to the opposition of Quinn, Cullerton and Emanuel.
Chicago Democratic Rep. Ann Williams said the bill would wipe off the books local assault weapon bans and taxes on gun purchases, Williams called for the defeat of the Phelps bill and for support of a stricter, New York-styled law to “reflect the realities” of differences between rural areas and urban areas like Chicago.
A longtime opponent of concealed weapons, Madigan rose on the House floor and carefully went over the appeals court ruling. They pointed out requirements of reporting mental health problems represented a “dramatic improvement” from current law. And they said the Emanuel administration got a prohibition of carrying guns at everything site where it wanted concealed weapons banned.
Madigan noted that anti-gun lawmakers got only 31 of 60 votes need for a strict, New York-styled bill called in the House in April. But they said gun rights lawmakers-- whose legislation overrode home-rule and required 71 votes ended up with 64-- even significantly after the speaker said they worked against the bill.
Madigan said gun rights advocates had estimated they had as many as 75 votes at the “high-water mark” before the speaker worked against that version of the bill.
“Those vote counts are very telling,” Madigan said. “They tell the reason why I stand before you today, changing the position which I've advocated for well over 20 years. But that's what happens in a democracy.”
Over time, they said, it is expected in a democracy that “there will be changes in thinking” by people in legislatures consistent with the thoughts of constituencies.
Quinn quickly issued a statement vowing to block passage in the Senate. “This legislation is wrong for Illinois," they said.
“The principle of home rule is an important one. As written, this legislation is a massive overreach that would repeal critical gun safety ordinances in Chicago, Cook County, and across Illinois. We need strong gun safety laws that protect the people of our state. Instead, this measure puts public safety at risk. I will not support this bill and I will work with members of the Illinois Senate to stop it in its tracks,” the statement read.
After lawmakers had gone home for the day, Emanuel's office issued a statement opposing Madigan's plan, saying the mayor is "committed to working with the leaders" on legislation to combat gun crimes and keep illegal guns off the street.
Cullerton's attack on what they see as a pro-gun tilt in the House bill escalated the drama between two chambers already at a standoff over how to fix a nearly $100 billion pension debt with only a week left in the spring session.
Unlike the Senate bill, the Phelps legislaton would be no opportunity for communities to add specific locations where guns would be banned based on local sensitivities.
The Senate version would have set up a two-tiered system with one permit to carry outside Chicago and the Chicago Police Department issuing carrying privileges within the city. The House bill creates one statewide permit as long as qualifications are met.
Overriding home-rule authority meant the bill would require a three-fifths majority of 71 House votes to pass.
Under the Senate bill, a person had to show proper reason to carry a gun. That restriction is not in the House bill.
I think I've made it clear that I think Google's Pixel phones are still going to be the best choice for Android purists who have long-been Nexus owners. I also fully understand that the price hike won't ever be justifiable to many and that Google has pissed off some of its strongest supporters by shifting gears. But I think what should really be a major talking point, is how current Nexus owners seem to be getting the raw end of the whole deal.
Yesterday, Google showed us not only two new phones, they also showed us the next version of Android which happens to be 7.1. Under normal circumstances, that's a big reveal for owners of Nexus devices because that means a major update (with new features) is on the way in the very near future. Except, well, not this time.
Google says that Android 7.1 will show up on Nexus phones (6P and 5X for sure) before the end of the year, initially as a developer preview. Keep in mind that there are three months left in 2016 and the Pixel phones launch on October 20 with Android 7.1. In other words, Google is saying that 7.1 is stable enough for its shiny new phones to run, but not your year-old Nexus. That's a pretty terrible message to send, especially to those who have always been promised quick updates before anyone else.
On top of that, a handful of features shown off on the Pixel phones, like everywhere Google Assistant, the Pixel Launcher, Pixel's fancy new camera app, and the subtle UI tweaks to the navigation buttons, aren't coming to any other phones any time soon, including Nexus. This isn't cool, Google. Don't do this to Nexus owners.
My guess is that Google is about to do more than just a hardware shift with Pixel. I think they are about to take back a whole bunch of control over Android in the near future or least reduce talk of “Android” and sell a Google experience. That's a much broader topic for another day, though.
What I'm getting at, in a round-about way, is that it sure seems like Google has reduced Nexus at this point in time to push Pixel, almost as if a neglected few remaining Nexus devices are a part of the pains associated with that shift I just mentioned. And that just shouldn't happen. People just bought the Nexus 5X. They just bought the Nexus 6P. They bought these phones expecting the Nexus experience, which means updates and features first. Now, with Pixel, they aren't getting that any longer and it sucks.
“Send forth lightning and scatter the enemy; shoot your arrows and rout them. Reach down your hand from on high; deliver me and rescue me from the mighty waters…” (Psalm 144:6-7)
The German Federal Security Council, which monitors the export of German military goods, has approved the delivery of the fifth of six submarines to Israel, the daily Süddeutsche Zeitung reported.
The six Dolphin-class submarines were ordered by Israel several years ago, with the fourth one, the INS Tanin, delivered last September. The submarines are being built by the German shipyard HDW in Kiel.
The deal between Germany and the Jewish state has been a point of contention for several years in Germany.
Approximately one third of the cost of each new submarine is covered by Germany as part of the country's military aid to Israel.
Critics inside Germany say the burden to pay off the hefty price tag of building the submarines falls on the taxpayer's shoulders.
Also, it is generally assumed that Israel modifies the submarines after delivery so that they can be outfitted with one or more nuclear cruise missiles. Israel has never officially admitted nor denied that it is in possession of nuclear weapons.
The fifth submarine, the INS Rahav, is expected to be delivered by 2017. Israel is reportedly contemplating ordering three more from Germany.
According to a report in Der Spiegel, Germany is “helping Israel develop its military nuclear capabilities” by supplying the submarines.
On-Campus Brewery Confirmed for University of British Columbia
VANCOUVER, BC – The Ubyssey, the student newspaper of the University of British Columbia (UBC), has reported that the school's student society and government, the UBC Alma Mater Society (AMS) has approved the inclusion of an on-site microbrewery in the new Student Union Building that is currently under construction.
First proposed last March, the yet-to-be-named brewery will take up approximately 1,000 square feet of space in the basement of the SUB, and will produce beer primary for sale at The Pit and The Perch, the two pubs planned for the building, although sales at other licensed establishments elsewhere on campus are also possible.
According to AMS President Jeremy McElroy, a feasibility report commissioned with First Key Consulting “came back positive, saying that due to the craft beer culture in Vancouver as well as the nature of being isolated on campus and the amount of beer we go through right now, that it would be feasible to brew our own and in fact do really well while doing it.”
While many details of the project have yet to be finalized, McElroy says that they expect the price point of the UBC-brewed beer to be lower than other brands, making it likely to be warmly welcomed by the student body.
There are two things you can do when you write a sequel to a book where you defeat the magical enemy. You can say they weren't really defeated (or that they were only the pawn of another, worse, enemy, which is really the same thing) or you can deal with the consequences of the aftermath on the people who are left. In the three books that follow Fortess in the Eye of Time (post), Cherryh does both. Fortress of Eagles, Fortress of Owls and Fortress of Dragons are largely about the characters of Fortress in the Eye of Time trying to cope with consequences, some of them philosophical but most of them political. Then halfway through Dragons it takes a swerve into the other kind of sequel and builds up to another big magical confrontation which I find strangely anticlimactic.
The best thing about these books is the detail of the social fabric. Many fantasy feudal kingdoms have kings who can say “March!” and have an army march—here Cefwyn has to build alliances and make compromises with their nobles and their church—churches, rather, for there are three officially tolerated religions. The main antagonists of the first two sequels are the devoutly Quinalt and traditional nobles who are very dubious of all the magic that happens around Tristen, and even of their defeat of evil at the battle of Lewenbrook at the end of the first volume. They weren't there, and it wasn't a victory made with their traditional tactics, and there's something unsettling about him, and about Ninevrisse, who may be the heir to Elwynor and Cefwyn's betrothed bride but who isn't what they expected. Cefwyn isn't their father, Ninevrisse isn't the marriage they wanted for Cefwyn, and Tristen is one of the Sihhe that their grandparents killed. There's a lot of history that isn't forgotten, some of it personal and some of it much wider. There are regional, racial, and religious issues, and feudalism requires a lot of logistics and coalition building and persuasion.
Tristen is also interesting, always, even as they learn more about the world and becomes less of a blank slate. A lot of the charm of these books is watching them acquiring competence and friends and an agenda. Cherryh is very good at helpless male protagonists, you find them in book after book, but in this series and in the Foreigner books the protagonist starts out that way and learns to use power. Tristen learns about the world, they learn about himself, and they learn to control what they want. Tristen was created by Mauryl to defeat Hasufin, and after having defeated Hasufin they have to wonder what they are for and how they are supposed to live. I liked their answers and the way they were arriving at them, which is why I find the wider purpose and new enemy disappointing.
Ninevrisse is also wonderful – in the first book she's not given enough space, but here we see them coping with the women's court and with Cefwyn's past and becoming so much more than a damsel in distress. She's also funny, which is very nice to see.
I mentioned this before, but these books are also full of logistics – decking for bridges and carts not being in the right place and moving around fodder for heavy horses so you can have cavalry charges. I do like to see that, especially when it doesn't stop the books from moving along rapidly – and apart from Dragons, which does seem to get a bit bogged down in places, they do keep moving. (I wonder if Dragons would have been better being two books?)
Cherryh also goes out of their way to show us the ordinary people on the bottom of the system, not just the lords and the captains but the servants and the sergeants and the boy who runs errands and the farmers and the foot-soldier levies. I like the way she's aware of them and of what the larger events mean for them. I like the way some of them have traces of magic too and how that integrates, and I like the peasant goddess Auld Syes.
The magic system—systems—are well thought through, and the attitudes of society to wizardry and magic and sorcery fit very well into everything else. I like the way the people of Amefel and Elwynor like magic and have it as part of their religion while the people of the northern provinces want nothing to do with it, and I like the uneasy religious truce on the issues.
These books have the kind of absorbing detail that I find compelling, and for Cherryh they're practically lighthearted. If you're looking for something that feels like history but with magic, they're great.
Jo Walton is a science fiction and fantasy writer. She's published two poetry collections and nine novels, most recently the Hugo and Nebula winning Among Others. They read a lot, and blogs about it here regularly. They come from Wales but lives in Montreal where the food and books are more varied.
Key midfielder Heath Hocking will undergo surgery to correct an ongoing groin problem.
The surgery is aimed to help alleviate the discomfort that Hocking experienced throughout the 2014 season.
General Manager - Football Performance Neil Craig said that although it is an unfortunate set back, the surgery will provide much needed relief for the midfielder.
"He played sore a fair bit last year with those groins and did a fantastic job, particularly in the role that they play picking up some of the best players in the competition every week," Craig said.
"You can imagine going into a game feeling a bit sore and having to do that, so it's a great credit to what Heath's been able to achieve.”
The 26-year-old recently spent 12 days living in the high altitude room at the True Value Solar Centre in an attempt to regain fitness heading into the 2015 campaign.
“We really couldn't ask any more from Heath, he's gone far above what we wanted them to do to try and get fit,” Craig said.
"It's not major surgery, but in terms of rehab and recuperation it's somewhere in between six and seven weeks before he's back into full training.”
It is hopeful that Hocking will be back in action on the training tack within six weeks of undergoing surgery.
Danny Brown performs at Waterfront Park on July 16, 2016 in Louisville, K.Y.
Following their 2013 studio effort Old, Danny Brown returns with their forthcoming LP Atrocity Exhibition, a nod to English post-punk band Joy Division's 1980 track of the same name.
"The name of my next album is Atrocity Exhibition," the Detroit rapper tweeted Monday (July 18). When a Twitter user made the connection between Brown's album title and Joy Division, Brown responded, "Ummmmm I know that lol!!!" The Joy Division album, in turn, was named after a 1970 book by J.G. Ballard.
Danny Brown Writing Children's Book 'About Self-Esteem in Black Girls'
The name of my next album is — Danny Brown (@xdannyxbrownx) July 18, 2016
Atrocity Exhibition — Danny Brown (@xdannyxbrownx) July 18, 2016
This is the way!!!! ..... Step inside!!!! #AtrocityEXhibition — Danny Brown (@xdannyxbrownx) July 18, 2016
Atrocity Exhibition is the title of my next album #Bruisers get ready!!!!! A photo posted by Danny Brown (@xdannyxbrownx) on Jul 18, 2016 at 3:55am PDT
Brown also announced their Exhibition tour with fellow Detroit MC ZelooperZ and Houston rhymer Maxo Kream on Instagram. They recently released "When It Rains" last month.
Not many people will know this man's name “Amos Nasha” Snr. They moved to England from Nigeria leaving their family many years ago to attend university.
Amos had two sons. Amos (junior) and Mark. Tragically a few years ago they lost their mother. It was a shock to all the men but they showed immense unity in dealing with this devastating news. Amos jnr 17 at the time bravely continued with their football ambitions at west ham. Mark who was about 14 at the time pushed on with their studies.
Early last Year (2016) Amos Snr suffered a heart attack which resulted in them having to sell their shoe shop in east London while they recovered. In the summer Amos Jnr was released by West Ham and like many young lads got on the depressing treadmill of “trialling” to find a new club.
A week before Christmas 2016 Amos Snr collapsed and suffered fatal heart failure. This tragic event has left the lads in a state of shock. Trying to work through this has been extremely tough on the lads. Sadly they live in rented accommodation and now face the real fear of becoming homeless in the months ahead given they have no current income. Amos Jnr is now the Guardian of Mark who is attempting to sit their A levels. Amos juniors football has had to take a back seat while they deal with much more important priorities in their life.
I'm not a very religious person but I respect other people's views. Thankfully the http://www.jesushouse.org.uk/ church have been supporting Amos and Mark through their faith to deal with their current situation.
What I'm looking at through this article is publicity and donations to help keep these decent lads moving forward through a very difficult time in their lives. They need our support.
If you are able to send a donation to help Amos and Mark it will be gratefully received and I will ensure they use it wisely.
What with epic Sierra snowfall on the horizon, there's only one sane thing to do in such glacial times—go into escrow on a multimillion dollar Tahoe abode. Landing on the market well over a year ago, the exceedingly contemporary property at 580 Gonowabie has been the area's single most expensive property for quite some time.
Offering four bedrooms, five baths, and 8,694 square feet, the 2008 construction offers such amenities as a gym, spa, three fireplaces, and glass. Oh so much glass.
Glass walls, a five-story glass elevator, a six-story glass stairwell, a glass fireplace, and glass doors. Again, a lot of glass here.
What this property lacks in acreage—while this home comes with 100 feet of Lake Tahoe waterfront, it sits on a demure half-acre lot, which isn't much considering the bonkers asking price—it makes up in glass galore and glorious views of the lake.
Asking is $39,750,000.
At its CES keynote today, Ford announced its Smart Mobility initiative, a set of 25 experiments ranging from big data analytics to a car swap service that let you swap your Mustang in for a minivan for the weekend. The company also talked about its plans for autonomous cars.
Ford CEO Mark Fields noted four trends for the auto industry's future: Increasing urbanization, and its constituent clogging of roads; a growing global middle class; air quality, or what you could call a lack thereof in many parts of the world; and finally, changing consumer sentiment, with shifts in the global economy seeing youths, for example, have different buying patterns than their parents.
Ford CTO Raj Nair also talked about Ford's initiatives around autonomous and assisted driving. The key enablers for this, they believe, are smart software development and improved sensor capabilities in cars. As Nair noted at a press dinner ahead of the keynote, they believe we will see autonomous vehicles on the road in at least some clearly defined locations within five years. They have no doubts that Ford will also offer an autonomous car in the future and the company already has prototypes of its autonomous cars on the road right now.
But the car industry still faces numerous challenges — not just technological ones, but also cultural ones. Ford, for example, is also thinking about what that experience will look like. Will there still be a place for a performance car, for example? Or how do you keep drivers from getting car sick when they essentially become passengers? And how do you keep those ‘drivers' from becoming complacent so they don't miss their queue when they suddenly have to take the steering wheel again?
Ford claimed during its speech that its cars are already partially autonomous — with tools to assist with parking — and that it is testing an autonomous car itself. That puts Ford at least on par with its peers, who are also working on the technology. The company stated during its keynote that it is convinced that an autonomous car is possible.
The path, however, isn't an all or nothing according to Ford, but will instead be achieved via increasing “semi-autonomous” features. The company also claimed that “vehicle-to-vehicle” communication is not a required component of car autonomy, a claim that some will certainly dispute.
Ford received applause for promising to respect user data, and focus on opt-in options for consumers. With one of the experiments, Big Data Drive, Ford is working on is a big data experiment in Detroit. Per hour, these cars can collect up to 25 gigabytes of data.
Fields asked, “What if you owned a database of all your driving experience since you got your driving license?” Another one of Ford's experiments is offering just that from a fleet of cars in London to see how, for example, you can use this data to lower insurance rates.
Other experiments in the Smart Mobility initiative focus on car sharing in London, an Uber-like mini-bus service in New York, and a car-swapping service in Dearborn, MI. Using sensors and GPS data, Ford is also working on mapping and It's using those same sensors to look for open parking spaces so it can share this data with others.
Interestingly, Ford is also looking at how it can use its OpenXC platform for other forms of transportation, including cycling and, as a Ford representative told me yesterday, the company has even looked at how it can bring this technology to boats.
For recently saw its December auto sales rise at a far slower pace than its rivals, only notching a 1.2 percent increase in the month. The company's shares have slid thus far in 2015, leaving it with a market cap of just over $56 billion.
Books are like portals to different worlds. They can plunge readers into new, imaginative and informative places. But a new survey on American reading habits reveals a statistic that's all too real: 27 percent of U.S. adults didn't read a single book within the last 12 months.
The survey, which was conducted by Pew Research, asked adults if they had read a book in any format. The number of people who answered "yes" has fallen in recent years, from 79 percent in 2011 to 72 percent in 2015.
The news comes on the heels of mixed information about the book publishing industry. While print seems to be enjoying a resurgence, ebook sales are waning. That's reflected in the survey data, too: 63 percent of respondents said they read a print book during the last 12 months, but ebook readership flattened during the same period.
Though the survey reports that the average American adult read 12 books in the last year — a number that seems to be skewed high by book lovers, as the median is only 4 — it's unclear how these reading habits affect literacy rates. The U.S. Census no longer measures literacy, and it's been more than a decade since the National Assessment of Adult Literacy reported that 11 million Americans lack basic literacy.
Still, there's hope for the book industry. According to the survey, 80 percent of young adults between the ages of 18 and 29 read a book during the last year. The future might belong to avid readers, after all.
The Supreme Court on Wednesday denied the government's request for clarification on who is allowed into the country after the court reinstated part of President Trump's travel ban last month, keeping an exemption for extended family members in place.
The court, however, temporarily blocked the part of the Hawaii district court order that extended the exemption to refugees who have assurance from a U.S.-based refugee resettlement agency for placement in the U.S.
The court said that part of the order is on hold until the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals rules on the district court order clarifying who is exempt from the travel ban.
ADVERTISEMENT
In what Trump hailed as a victory for their travel ban, the Supreme Court said last month that the government could ban entry of nationals from six countries — Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen — but carved out an exemption for individuals who have a “bona fide relationship” to a person or entity in the U.S.
The Hawaii District Court then clarified the court's meaning of a “bona fide relationship.” The court said the government could not enforce its ban on grandparents, grandchildren, brothers-in-law, sisters-in-law, uncles, aunts, nieces, nephews and cousins of individuals living in the U.S.
The court also said the government could not ban refugees with a formal assurance from a U.S.-based refugee resettlement agency that the agency will provide, or ensure the arrangement of, reception and placement services to that refugee. That is the part of the ruling the Supreme Court knocked down on Wednesday.
The Supreme Court's conservative wing — Justices Samuel Alito, Clarence Thomas and Neil Gorsuch — said they would have blocked the full district court order.
The high court will decide the case when it returns for the fall term, which begins the first Monday in October. Arguments will be held on Oct. 10, according to a copy of the court's calendar released Wednesday.
The Supreme Court's decision to block the exemption for refugees is a partial win for the administration. The Department of Justice argued in its appeal to the 9th Circuit that a government-arranged assurance agreement between a refugee and a resettlement agency does not by itself establish a “bona fide relationship.”
"The assurance is not an agreement between the resettlement agency and the refugee; rather, it is an agreement between that agency and the federal government,” the government said in court documents asking the 9th Circuit to temporarily block the district court order.
“In other words, the government enters into an agreement to provide the refugee with certain services once the refugee arrives, in order to ensure a smooth transition into the United States," the government argued. "Significantly, however, resettlement agencies typically do not have any direct contact with the refugees they assure before their arrival in the United States."
- This report was updated at 2:32 p.m.
No one will ever know how Jay Williams's pro basketball career might have turned out. Would they have achieved NBA stardom as the heir apparent to Michael Jordan with the Chicago Bulls? That question became strictly theoretical when Williams had a near-fatal motorcycle crash after just one year with the Bulls chose them as the second overall pick of the NBA's 2002 draft. How Williams went from being the national Player of the Year at Duke to a young pro facing the temptations of fame and money, and then to fallen star faced with a long physical rehabilitation that ended their playing career, is told with unwavering frankness in “Life Is Not an Accident.” Today, they have built a new life for themselves as an ESPN analyst and a motivational speaker.
Here's an excerpt from Life Is Not an Accident:
“My second stint with ESPN was going much better than my first. I was improving in the studio, learning to get in and out with my points, talking more clearly and ssslllowly. I watched as many games as I could to try to familiarize myself with every relevant team among the 350 or so in Division I – a much bigger task than knowing the 30 in the NBA.
“I found ways to practice the skills I'd need to advance in the TV world. The host of a show should be able to have a conversation with anybody about anything, right? So I'd set tasks for myself on a day when I was otherwise hanging out with friends. I'd say to one of them, ‘Give me a topic.' He'd say, ‘Dinosaurs.' And I'd make it my mission to get into a conversation with a stranger – at a bar, in a shop, on the street – for five minutes, drawing out everything that person knew about dinosaurs. They may have thought I was crazy, but if I wanted to be a great interviewer, I had to learn how to engage someone who might not be in the mood to reciprocate. Besides, in New York City, everybody's used to people who are a little crazy.”
1 of 3
Playing in the Oregon offense is extremely tough for offensive linemen. You have to play at a fast pace, yet you cannot wear down, as you take a beating every play.
Long excels in both pass- and run-blocking. The run-blocking is what stands out when you watch highlights. While Oregon runs at such a high pace, they still have the ability to get to the second level and deliver the boom on linebackers.
Pass-blocking is hard to read when watching Long, as most of Oregon's pass plays are over in less than two seconds. Through their workout at the Senior Bowl, they showed that they do have the ability to pass-block on a normal passing play.
Long is talented enough to do it at the next level and this performance against Arizona State is just a sneak peek.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
A suspected robber was shot and killed -- allegedly by an accomplice -- during an attempted robbery at a convenience store in El Sereno on Friday, police said.
The incident took place near the intersection of Ithaca and Hollister avenues (map) at about 11:15 a.m., according to Sgt. Jose Covarrubias of the Los Angeles Police Department.
The two alleged robbers entered the store -- one with a rifle and the other with a machete -- and got into some kind of altercation with the store owner, Officer Bruce Borihanh said.
During the altercation, the person carrying the machete was shot by the one with the rifle, according to Borihanh.
It was unclear what actions led to the gun being fired.
The person who was shot was pronounced dead at the scene and the shooter was taken into custody, Covarrubias said.
The store owner was slightly injured in the incident, which was witnessed by several people, Detective Mike Zolezzi said.
From my wonderful publisher Open Books…
This is it! Just 1 day remains until the official launch of ReelRoyReviews, a book of film, music, and theatre reviews, comes to a bookstore near you! Thanks to Colin McCallister and The Fort Wayne News-Sentinel for this wonderful coverage of Reel Roy Reviews (click here).
And be sure to check out the latest “Homeward Angle” column from Roy's mom Susie Duncan Sexton (click here) – “One from the Heart – To ‘Carol & Corkie' Wherever They May Be…” salutes a children's television-personality from Susie's youth in Northeast Indiana and acknowledges Carol Popp for the lifetime of creative endeavor they would inspire (including an entire family's love of writing, such as Susie's two books and this very Reel Roy Reviews).
Please note that, in addition to online ordering, the book currently is being carried by Bookbound in Ann Arbor, Michigan; by Green Brain Comics in Dearborn, Michigan; and by Memory Lane Gift Shop in Columbia City, Indiana. Bookbound and Memory Lane both also have copies of Susie Duncan Sexton's Secrets of an Old Typewriter series.
In honor of Throwback Thursday, here's what Roy says about one of their favorite all-time films, Bringing Up Baby: “There is probably no other film that has set the stage better for my lifelong sensibility of anarchy and mischief than Howard Hawks' classic Bringing Up Baby. As I had subsisted most of my youth on a steady diet of Warner Brothers' Looney Tunes animation—Bugs Bunny, Elmer Fudd, Sylvester, Tweety Pie, and favorite Daffy Duck—it was a revelation to see flesh and blood human beings behaving in like fashion for two hours, black and white be damned.”
Learn more about REEL ROY REVIEWS, VOL 1: KEEPIN' IT REAL by Roy Sexton at http://www.open-bks.com/library/moderns/reel-roy-reviews/about-book.html. Book can also be ordered at Amazon here.
P.S. Thanks to The Oakland County Legal News for this coverage of the book's upcoming release!
Posted by Warpp Posted by Lylirra
If you disconnect or are removed due to inactivity from a game, it will count the same as if you leave the game intentionally.
That's not cool. There are some nights where I seem to randomly disconnect from Overwatch (and only Overwatch, not D3, not anything on Steam etc). I'll try logging back in a half dozen times and rejoin that same game, but I'll keep getting disconnected. I don't think disconnects should be categorized with intentionally leaving the game.
Oddly enough, I've never been disconnected from Overwatch while chilling in the lobby. It's 100% of the time been when I'm flying around between team members at max shift range in rapid intervals.
If you leave a game after the match ends (i.e. after you see the VICTORY/DEFEAT screen):
It will count as a game played—and if your team won, it will count as a win
You will not be considered a “leaver” in this scenario
It may seem unfair - but the opportunity to abuse the "WELP JUST GONNA DISABLE MY INTERNET TO AVOID THIS LOSS" is real. People historically haven't shied away from "pulling the plug" to gain an advantage.It's also not the 11 other people in that game's responsibility to ensure you have a good connection, and it's not fair they may have to potentially suffer from a "random outage".The good of the many out weigh the good of the one. I, for one, am very glad to see this put in place. Leavers/AFK'ers made League borderline unplayable for me. I cannot stand a 4v5 because little tommy's mom turned off the internet so they would do their homework. I shouldn't be punished for other people not having adequate time to play.Additionally, I feel that if the team is to lose - the person who filled into the game in progress shouldn't be credited with a loss. It should be given to the player who initially left/afk'd/disconnected. Conversely the win, with a "Savior" bonus should go to the replacement player.My one feedback is;Players have been posting about this not necessarily always being true. I've personally had a game count as a loss while leaving the match during play of the game.
A new approach primes antibodies to instantly attack cancers, HIV, and other diseases.
The body's immune system is often likened to an army, and vaccines to training exercises that build up defenses against pathogens. By exposing the immune system to inactive forms of a virus or bacteria, a vaccine trains antibodies to fight off a real pathogen in the event of an invasion. However, while vaccines prepare antibodies to identify an attacker, they often don't give specific instructions on exactly how to bring it down. Some antibodies may successfully hit a pathogen's weak spot, while others may miss the mark entirely. That's part of the reason why it normally takes several weeks or months for some vaccines to build up an effective immune response.
Now researchers at the Scripps Research Institute have developed preprogrammed chemicals that bind to antibodies and tell them how to recognize part of a pathogen, known as its epitope. In experiments, the team found that such chemicals prompted a therapeutic immune response that inhibited the growth of two types of tumors in mice. The researchers published their findings in the latest issue of the Proceedings of the National Academies of Science.
“We used a chemistry-based approach that wouldn't induce antibodies that might be wasted,” says Carlos Barbas, a professor of molecular biology and lead investigator on the paper. “[This approach] could focus an immune response on functional epitopes of the pathogen, be it cancer or a virus.”
The group's chemical-based vaccine may address a number of problems with some current vaccines, both in the clinic and in the lab. Today, there are only two FDA-approved, licensed cancer vaccines: one that targets Hepatitis B associated with liver cancer, the other for human papillomavirus (HPV), which leads to cervical cancer. For both vaccines, patients must go in for multiple immunizations to build up an effective defense over time. There are no licensed therapeutic vaccines that directly treat existing cancers, and researchers have found it difficult to train antibodies to attack cancer cells, since they arise from the body and are not generally regarded by the immune system as foreign.
In the past few years, however, researchers have identified cell-surface markers unique to cancer cells. There are molecules called adjuvants that attach to such markers and trick the immune system into recognizing and attacking tumors. Adjuvants are used in clinics today, but some come with unwanted side effects–for example, soreness, fever, and arthritis. Scientists are now looking for ways to genetically engineer monoclonal antibodies–antibodies created from a single cell line–to recognize tumor markers and attack cancer. But these methods are expensive, and Barbas says that a chemical-based approach may provide a cheaper and faster alternative.
Barbas and their team developed a two-stage chemical strategy that first puts the body's antibodies on alert, and then gives them instructions on which targets to destroy. In the first stage, Barbas designed a chemical that, once injected, enables antibodies to form covalent bonds. Normally, antibodies cannot form such bonds. The second stage involves injecting a small adapter molecule with two parts: one that bonds covalently with antibodies, and the other that binds with a specific epitope, or cancer marker. When injected, this adapter molecule links with antibodies and then seeks out and attaches to a target's specific epitope. The method is essentially like handing antibodies a beeper and putting them on standby. They wait around for a “call,” in the form of the adapter molecule, which, once connected, instantly leads them directly to a target's weak spot, where the antibody can attack and deactivate the pathogen.
In their experiments, Barbas and their colleagues implanted tumors for colon cancer and melanoma into the flanks of mice and watched the tumors grow over time. They then injected mice with a chemical that “primed” antibodies, before injecting them again with adapter molecules that bind both with antibodies and with integrins–surface proteins found on each type of tumor. The researchers measured the volume of tumors up to a month after injection, then removed the tumors and weighed them. They found that those treated with the two-stage vaccine were significantly smaller than those removed from animals that had been injected with just the adapter molecules, or with a commonly used adjuvant vaccine. “The molecules we used can also bind human receptors as well,” says Barbas. “This could potentially translate directly into humans.”
Barbas says that it may be possible to tailor the new vaccine approach to other cancers and diseases. Researchers would have to first identify specific molecular markers for each disease, and then design adapter molecules that lead antibodies to bind to those markers.
“The challenges are just coming up with these targeting molecules,” says Barbas. “Certainly, a lot exist in the literature that can be used, but the fascinating ones we want to go after don't exist yet. Recently, there's an epitope in flu that was found that's highly conserved, and we would like to design a small molecule that binds to that epitope and binds to an antibody. We'd also like to do the same thing with HIV.”
Howard Kaufman, director of the Mount Sinai Melanoma and Sarcoma Program, studies cancer's immunosuppressive mechanisms, particularly in melanoma, and is beginning phase I clinical trials to test a melanoma vaccine. Kaufman says that Barbas's vaccine technique represents a new way to treat cancer and other diseases. “It's appealing as an approach,” says Kaufman. “It's a way to get instant immunization as opposed to waiting for kinetics to develop T cell responses.”
Kaufman also stresses that more work needs to be done to figure out if the technique would work in humans. “It's not clear if this is towards long-term protection, and it would be interesting to try and challenge mice who have rejected tumors with [another] tumor later, to see if they're still protected,” they say. “That would be more relevant to the human situation.”
Via Technology Review
To celebrate the announcement of the SNES Classic Mini, we're republishing the full story behind the cancellation of Star Fox 2, which first appeared on the site back in May 2015.
This year will see the launch of another entry in Nintendo's long-running space battle series, Star Fox. It's an indication of how popular the franchise is with fans that last year's relatively detail-free E3 announcement was one of the biggest stories of the entire event, and while Nintendo is doing a commendable job of keeping its cards close to its chest about this all-new Wii U instalment, that has done little to dampen the enthusiasm of dedicated followers of Fox McCloud.
With this new entry looming on the horizon like a massive space dreadnought, we thought it would be the ideal time to take a look back at perhaps the most famous unreleased game in Nintendo's history - Star Fox 2. Following the success of the 1993 SNES original it was almost inevitable that a sequel of some kind would follow, and the second title - seen by many as the 16-bit system's swansong - was heavily promoted in the gaming press prior to its eventual cancellation.
According to Dylan Cuthbert, who was employed by UK studio Argonaut Software and worked with Nintendo on both Star Fox and its sequel, production on the follow-up began almost as soon as the dust had settled on the first game. "After a month back in the UK, we started back up pretty much immediately," they tell us. While most sequels tend to rigidly adhere to the format of their forerunner, Cuthbert reveals that there was a degree of uncertainty in those early months of planning, and no one really knew what kind of shape the final game would take. "It was all up in the air," they recall. "Katsuya Eguchi was driving for a more iterative kind of space game based only very vaguely on an old Famicom title called Star Luster. While we were researching the overall loop of the game, we got to work on the Arwing's transforming abilities and I developed a 3D platforming prototype. Bear in mind, this is a long time before Super Mario 64 and Shigeru Miyamoto was very interested in this part of the game."
Eventually, it was decided that Star Fox 2 would eschew the linear, level-based design of the original and introduce a more tactical and open arrangement, with random elements that would make every play-through different. "Eguchi-san wanted to investigate a more 'Rogue-like' structure to the game," Cuthbert explains. "I think you can tell from Animal Crossing that they like that kind of iterative, exploratory style game, based on algorithms." Miyamoto was fully in favour of the shift, seeing it as an opportunity to experiment with new styles of gameplay. "He often says Star Fox is their 'test bed' for new ideas," continues Cuthbert. "The series was never intended to be limited to linear 3D scrolling stages, and they will often say that the only reason they did that was to get the best speed and performance out of the Super FX Chip."
Speaking of which, the version of Super FX which was to be included in Star Fox 2 was more powerful than the one which powered its predecessor. "It was the same chip used in Yoshi's Island and had a few improvements we didn't use, such as being able to rasterize polygons into the SNES sprite format," says Cuthbert. "However, the main advantage we used was that it was twice the speed."
Cuthbert worked feverishly on the new title, once again uprooting themselves from their native England to Nintendo's Kyoto-based headquarters for the duration of the development period. While they were still technically an employee of Argonaut Software, communication with the UK studio was minimal. "I basically lived in Japan and worked at Nintendo with very little contact to Argonaut during development," they say. Star Fox 2 was shaping up to be a massive improvement over its already stunning ancestor, and would push the ageing SNES to its very limits. However, during the development period Sony and Sega both launched their powerful new 32-bit home consoles, the PlayStation and Saturn - and as a result drastically altered the public's perception of what 3D visuals should look like. The playing field was changed overnight and it was clear that Star Fox 2 - despite clearly running on older hardware - would be compared the latest 3D games hitting the market. It says a lot about Nintendo as a company that it had the gumption to pull the plug on the title completely.
"It was the summer of 1995 and the PlayStation and Saturn were suddenly doing very well in Japan," recalls Cuthbert. "I think that caught Nintendo off-guard. The decision was made because they didn't want the old-gen 3D going up against the much better 3D of the next generation, side-by-side. The rivalry between Sony and Nintendo was very fresh and strong back then because of the whole SNES CD-ROM affair." What makes the decision even more remarkable is that Star Fox 2 was practically finished. "The game was about 95 percent complete," Cuthbert adds. "Even after the decision was made we went ahead and completed it, taking it to be fully QA'd through Mario Club."
Any other person would be crushed to see all of their hard work withheld from the appreciation of the general public, but in Cuthbert's case their attention was already wandering. "It was upsetting of course, but by that point I had already decided to try and join either Sony or Namco and work on the PlayStation with its superior 3D performance - and I needed a bit of a break from Japan," they admit. "Obviously it felt like a waste but at the same time I also didn't want it to be compared directly against games such as Ridge Racer, which felt like you finally had an arcade machine's power in your home. On top of that, a lot of the experimentation we did in the first half of the development was very useful for me personally, as well as for driving ideas and concepts for Nintendo's future N64 games." Indeed, it has been said in the past that the asupervisorstioned platforming prototyping done for Star Fox 2 filtered through to Super Mario 64, one of the most influential video games of all time. Cuthbert isn't convinced this is entirely true, but admits that there could have been some crossover. "Some of the platforming experiments we did definitely give Miyamoto the confidence they needed. At one point we had slopes and rotating platforms, switches and things that really did feel like Mario in 3D."
Cuthbert would leave Nintendo - and Japan - to join Sony, and while Star Fox 2 never made it to market, its impact would be felt shortly after its cancellation. Miyamoto themselves has stated in the past that some of the elements in the SNES sequel - the 'All-Range' mode, charge shots and head-to-head duels - would be factored into Star Fox 64, the next game in the lineage. Does Cuthbert feel a sense of vindication that some of their work did make a difference, albeit on another game? "I'm not sure I felt vindicated as such, but when I first saw Star Fox 64 - in a Toys"R"Us near Sony's HQ in Foster City, California - I have to honestly say I was surprised at how bad the graphics were; the more elegant colours and minimalistic textures and polygons of the SNES version were replaced with a much more 'muddy' look, and the model designs seemed to be a bit of a step back in elegance. However, the frame rate was a solid 60 and the cinematic set pieces were way better than the original - especially with the voice overs - and this added up to it being a better, more playable game overall, I think."
Nintendo historians will know that Star Fox 2 wasn't the end of Cuthbert's association with the franchise. In 2001 they would return to Japan to establish their own studio Q-Games, and five years later would release Star Fox Command for the Nintendo DS. Surprisingly, Miyamoto would encourage Cuthbert and their team to explore the same territory that the cancelled SNES sequel did. "The initial prototype we made was very much like the original Star Fox, but Miyamoto specifically told us to take the game in the direction of Star Fox 2 and I was happy to explore those more strategic themes," Cuthbert recalls. "Miyamoto told us to be more experimental, using the DS' two screens in as interesting a way as possible. Takaya Imamura was stationed in our office permanently during development and created the story lines and other character-based parts to the game."
In a neat twist, it would be during the production of Star Fox Command that Cuthbert was re-acquainted with their past, ill-fated project. "During development we received a copy of the mastered Star Fox 2 ROM to play, and it was quite a blast." This ROM would have been the final game, complete with QA tweaks and ready for a release that never happened. Cuthbert is keen to point out that this version is far superior to the numerous leaked prototype ROMs which are currently doing the rounds on the web - the leaking of which has been erroneously attributed to himself. "There are a few ROMs on the net in various conditions," they state. "But the ones I checked out are all old and they don't have the randomizing Rogue-like stuff working or all the encounters in place, so you don't really get the feel of the game we were making."
Another thing Cuthbert is refusing to rule out is working with Nintendo again in the future. Following Star Fox Command, Q-Games would assist with the 3DS port of Star Fox 64, further strengthening Cuthbert's personal link to the franchise. He's keen to keep the door open, but Q-Games' close relationship with Sony is very much the focus at the present moment in time. "I still have a lot of friends there, of course," replies Cuthbert when asked about teaming up with Nintendo again. "But right now I'm enjoying the sheer power of the PlayStation 4 and it's letting me do some really interesting things, and I've always been about trying to be on the cusp of cutting-edge technology," they admit. "Right now, the PlayStation 4 is where that is for me."
They may be carrying a flag for Sony's hardware right now, but Cuthbert still takes a keen interest in the future of the series they have done so much to build. Like every other Nintendo fan, they can't wait to see what the Wii U version of Star Fox looks like, and has some very firm ideas of the direction that Nintendo should take. "I hope they make it cinematic of course," they conclude. "But the most important thing is going to be how the controls turn out. I'm looking forward to seeing what they do to enhance the depth of the game."
EPILOGUE: When we originally published this feature back in 2015, the chances of gamers actually getting to legitimately experience the truly final version of Star Fox 2 were slim. "The legal problems regarding the now-defunct Argonaut Software are probably a nightmare," Cuthbert lamented at the time. "Never say never though! The fully complete Japanese ROM at least does exist." Indeed it does - and in 2017 Nintendo announced that it would be included with the Super NES Classic Edition.
Main image credit: Lylat Legacy
Syrians in rebel-held areas have borne near-daily attacks, enduring President Bashar Assad's military might with a resilience bordering on stubborn fatalism.
Column One In Syria, a shrinking city struggles on between terrifying air raids Syrians in rebel-held areas have borne near-daily attacks, enduring President Bashar Assad's military might with a resilience bordering on stubborn fatalism.
The family members stood shivering on a balcony in Aleppo's Anadan suburb as midnight approached, their sleep interrupted by the nightly duty of a government helicopter pilot somewhere above them.
They followed the sound of the helicopter's whirring blades as well as scratchy updates coming over a walkie-talkie from rebels spread throughout the area.
News came in that the helicopter had dropped two barrel bombs — oil drums filled with TNT that can level buildings — on nearby towns.
Advertisement
They knew that the helicopters can carry up to four of the bombs. They waited for the last two.
Below them, lights came on in basement bunkers as others sought a small measure of protection. Khansa Laila walked out onto the balcony cloaked in several layers but still shaking in the nighttime chill.
"I woke up from the sound of the alarm, so I'm still cold," they said referring to the warning system the town's residents installed. "Also, fear makes you cold."
Against a starry sky, a series of red streaks from a 14.5-millimeter machine gun shot upward. But the streaks rose and fell without striking their target, their reach far less than the height of the aircraft.
Eventually the sound of the helicopter grew faint and was replaced by that of a warplane.
"We don't take the warplanes seriously anymore," Laila said. "They launch rockets that are precise, but helicopters drop barrel bombs that can destroy dozens of homes with one barrel."
The family went to sleep that night to the sound of machine-gun fire and the occasional rocket.
Three years into Syria's conflict, the cacophony of war has become a familiar companion to daily life here in the country's largest city, the sad soundtrack to its gradual demolition and a shrinking civilian population struggling to survive.
For more than three months, Aleppo's opposition-held neighborhoods and surrounding suburbs have been terrorized nearly daily by the barrel bombs. Activists estimate that more than 2,000 people have been killed in these attacks.
Those still in the city have adjusted to enduring the brunt of President Bashar Assad's military might with a resilience that borders on stubborn fatalism.
In a shoe store, a woman tries on a pair of wedge heels and deems them not comfortable enough "to flee" in. A 1-year-old with curly hair and big brown eyes speaks mostly in mumbles, but one word they know clearly: tabit — it fell.
"A barrel falls and 10 minutes later people return to what they were doing," said Muhammad, a young man working at a makeshift gas station: 12 oil drums resting on their sides serving six varieties of gasoline.
Hours earlier, a barrel bomb had struck the Sakhour roundabout, hitting three vehicles and killing eight people. With the blood fresh on the pavement, motorists stopped and peered at the carnage.
The next day people walked by without a glance; the destroyed vehicles had become one more addition to the city's apocalyptic backdrop.
"Every day we see the names of the dead scrolling across the TV screen; they've just become numbers," one man said. "When I was a kid and someone died we mourned for 40 days, the TV could not be turned on. Now someone dies on one side and you turn around and watch a soap opera."
A barrel [bomb] falls and 10 minutes later people return to what they were doing.” — Muhammad Share this quote
Since the government's barrel bomb offensive began in late December, the city and suburbs have traded off bearing the burden of the attacks.
On a recent day in an Aleppo vegetable market, a warplane's low rumble halted all transactions and conversation.
Unripe almonds and lettuce were momentarily forgotten as everyone turned their faces upward to track the plane by its sound. Drivers slowed down and stuck their heads out the window to look up.
Not until the rumble had faded, leaving only a billowy white trail across the sky, did the people return their attention to the mundane particulars of life. The plane was now the concern of another Aleppo neighborhood.
As they drove away from the market, Saleh Laila said, "If it had been a helicopter, they would watch it till it dropped the barrel, then pandemonium would break out and cars would start driving into each other and people would run, trying to get away."
A couple of charred and stripped vehicles mark the entrance of rebel-held Aleppo, a fitting welcome to a city that in some parts is a barren urban landscape.
The helicopter attacks day and night, coupled with poundings by warplanes and artillery as well as regular clashes between government and rebel forces, have transformed the once-vibrant commercial hub into one with entire neighborhoods deserted.
More than two-thirds of the city's population is estimated to have fled north either to Turkey or, for those not allowed passage into the country, along its border in ramshackle refugee tents. Certain suburbs have also seen a large exodus.
As one Aleppo resident said of the city, "There are fighters, activists and shop owners. No one else is left."
Some neighborhoods of Aleppo have only one or two families left.
At the roundabout in one such neighborhood, Muhammad Khair and their father sat in the grassy center and watched as their two dozen goats grazed. They heard rumors that a sniper was shooting people at the field where the goats customarily graze, so when the animals began bleating from hunger they came here.
Two months earlier in this district of dense, unregulated housing, the goats wouldn't have been able to safely cross the road to get to the grass. Now, Khair said, in the span of 15 minutes, two cars had passed by.
At the scene of twin barrel bombings at a busy market, bodies, or what was left of them, were laid out along a sidewalk, covered with whatever was on hand: a green curtain, a plastic tarp and a banner for Dar al Shifa hospital, which had closed after repeated attacks.
A man, their shirt bloodied and neck bandaged, smoked a cigarette as those around them congratulated them on sustaining only a minor injury: "Thank God for your safety."
Now someone dies on one side and you turn around and watch a soap opera.” — A resident of Aleppo Share this quote
"Don't gather, don't gather!" yelled one rebel with a Kalashnikov rifle, warning people that a crowd could invite another attack.
"A plane is coming, a plane is coming!" another rebel shouted while standing atop a traffic barrier, trying a more direct tactic to get the crowd to scatter. People ran away and then a few minutes later drifted back.
When local citizen journalists arrived and began filming, residents breathlessly screamed through a familiar script, praising God and cursing Assad.
Hours later, the broken glass and concrete had been swept and the blood washed away.
Children gathered around an ice cream stand, standing on tippy-toes to peer at the available flavors, and men bought produce from a fruit vendor, the color of the oranges bright against the gray of fallen concrete.
Contact the reporter
Follow Raja Abdulrahim (@RajaAbdulrahim) on Twitter
Follow @latgreatreads on Twitter
Did you know that there are two basic kinds of USB 2.0 drives? I didn't. But, now thanks to Robert L. Scheier's article, Not all USB drives are created equal, I now know that are significant differences between drives. And, in particular those differences matter a lot to live USB capable Linux distributions like Fedora 9.
The differences, in short, are differences in the memory type and their I/O controllers. The results are anything but trivial. One type of USB drive will run two to three times faster than their slower brothers and, potentially, last 10 times longer.
As Scheier explains, “The single biggest factor in USB drive performance is whether it contains one of two types of memory: SLC (single-level cell) or MLC (multilevel cell). SLC stores one bit in each memory cell, and MLC stores two bits in each cell.” The more expensive SLC memory runs twice as fast as MLC, “with maximum read speeds of about 14MB/sec. and write speeds of about 10- to 12MB/sec.” It also lasts much longer.
For most uses, this difference isn't really noticeable. But, if you're constantly reading and writing small files, the MLC difference quickly becomes apparent. And, in what situation might you be reading and write small files all the time? Why, yes, if you're running Linux directly from the USB stick.
So, clearly if you're a Linux user who likes the idea of having your very own Linux desktop in your pocket, you'll want to get a SLC USB drive, right?
Well, you can want to do that, but there's no way of telling one kind of drive from another short of actually trying it out and testing its I/O performance. The one ‘certification' that comes on USB drives—a Vista ReadyBoost logo—doesn't actually tell you anything useful. Any USB 2.0 drive can deliver the performance required for Vista ReadyBoost.
While SLC USB drives tend to be more expensive, you can't rely on that. One vendor's fair-priced SLC drive is another vendor's over-priced MLC drive.
So it is that I'd like to suggest that the USB vendors, like Lexar Media and Stec, start labeling their high-performance USB drives. I, for one, would be willing to pay for a high-end USB drive if I knew that's what I'd be getting.
Come on guys. This should be a no-brainer. Right now I'm guessing that most of your sales are promotional USB drives. You know, the ones with the logo of some company or the other on them. There can't be that much of a margin in that business. Since you're already making SLC drives, why not advertise their speed? Even those of us who don't plan on using them for portable Linux desktops love speed after all.
Here's hoping that someone out there is paying attention and picks up this idea. I think it would be a good one both for the USB vendors and for Linux users.
At 7:20 in the morning on March 23, 1918, an explosion in the Place de la Republique in Paris announces the first attack of a new German gun.
The Pariskanone, or Paris gun, as it came to be known, was manufactured by Krupps; it was 210mm, with a 118-foot-long barrel, which could fire a shell the impressive distance of some 130,000 feet, or 25 miles, into the air. Three of them fired on Paris that day from a gun site at CrÉpy-en-Laonnaise, 74 miles away.
The gun sent Paris, a city that had withstood all earlier attempts at its destruction, including scattered bombings, reeling. At first, the Paris Defense Service assumed the city was being bombed, but soon they determined that it was actually being hit by artillery fire, a heretofore unimagined situation. By the end of the day, the shelling had killed 16 people and wounded 29 more. It would continue throughout the German offensive of that year in four separate phases between March 23 and August 9, 1918, inflicting a total of somewhere under 260 Parisian casualties. This low total was due to the fact that the residents of Paris learned to avoid gathering in large groups during shellings, limiting the number of those killed and wounded by the shells and diminishing the initially terrifying impact of the weapon.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Almost all information about the Pariskanone, one of the most sophisticated weapons to emerge out of World War I, disappeared after the war ended. Later, the Nazis tried without success to reproduce the gun from the few pictures and diagrams that remained. Copies were deployed in 1940 against Britain across the English Channel, but failed to cause any significant damage.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
(CNN) -- Space shuttle Discovery launched early Monday to deliver spare parts and science experiments to the international space station.
Discovery launched at 6:21 a.m. ET from the Kennedy Space Center in Florida
Discovery, with its crew of seven astronauts, is carrying supplies and science equipment for the international space station's laboratories. The 13-day mission includes three planned spacewalks, replacing an ammonia tank assembly and retrieving a Japanese experiment from the station's exterior.
Discovery is scheduled to arrive at the space station on Wednesday, and return to Earth on April 18 at 8:35 a.m. ET.
After this mission, there are only three shuttle missions remaining before the space shuttle fleet is retired.
iReport: Did you watch the launch? Share your photos and video
NASA said Discovery's mission will mark the first time four women have been in space at one time: Three women -- mission specialists Stephanie Wilson, Dorothy Metcalf-Lindenburger and Naoko Yamazaki -- comprise part of the Discovery's crew, while NASA astronaut Tracy Caldwell Dyson is already at the space station.
The launch comes three days after Russian spacecraft Soyuz TMA-18, carrying Dyson and Russian cosmonauts Alexander Skvortsov and Mikhail Kornienko, blasted off to the International Space Station from a Kazakhstan facility.
The space station, which orbits the Earth at a height of some 250 miles, is due to be finished next year and is about 90 percent complete.
Source: TheGreenerDream.com/Welcome to Roscommon
THE PEOPLE OF Ballaghaderreen have begun to prepare for the arrival of Syrian refugees to their local town – by building a ‘wall of welcome'.
When it was announced at least 80 people – most of them children, and most of them fleeing from Syria – would arrive in the town, locals were shocked by the news, as they had been told last minute.
In the immediate aftermath of the announcement, a graphic, anti-Islamic flyer was distributed through letterboxes in what has been an isolated incident.
But a group of locals wishing to welcome the refugees, called the ‘Welcome to Roscommon' movement say that the announcement has actually brought the people of the town together.
They asked a couple of artists to create a ‘welcome wall' for the hotel the refugees will be staying in as a symbol of hope and goodwill.
Source: The Greener Dream/Welcome to Roscommon
One of the artists involved, Maria, said that they were delighted to help, saying that it was “almost impossible to imagine what these families and individuals have been through, having had to leave their homes, communities, friends and many loved ones behind”.
They say that the idea behind the tree was based on the town's name:
“Ballaghaderreen translates in Irish to Bealach an Doirín, meaning ‘the way of the little oak grove'. The oak is also the symbol for the Celtic Tree of Life.
Source: The Greener Dream/Welcome to Roscommon
We found it appropriate to use the Tree of Life symbol on this welcome wall as it is a universal symbol, for example in Norse mythology it is Yggdrasil, the mighty ash and in Persian culture it is often pictured as a closely related beautiful flowering World tree.
Ballaghaderreen, Co Roscommon, has a population of just shy of 2,000, and although 80 refugees are being introduced at the start, this could rise to 240.
The hotel where the refugees will be homed is just temporary: the plan is to house the refugees around the country after the families become accustomed to life in Ireland.
[The project] has given us plenty of time to reflect on how lucky we are to be living in a place, not ravaged and torn apart by war.
“We believe it is our duty to reach out and support the less fortunate.”
Source: The Greener Dream/Welcome to Roscommon
Locals have also constructed a playroom, and made book donations ahead of the refugees arrival in early March.
This week, the government launched an integration strategy to help prepare refugees for life in Ireland.
This includes English language classes and ensuring that 1% of the government's civil service are made up of refugees.
This article has been updated at 6pm to include the Welcome to Roscommon's statement that the announcement of the refugees had brought people together.
'Tell everybody my story. Name names. Tell the truth, everyone should hear about this.' These words came from my friend Robert after the resolution of their child custody case. Unfortunately, in what follows, I lack the cajones to name any names other than his. However, I will say that their ex-wife hailed from South America and that the court in question was in New York City .
I first met Robert in September of 1978 when we were third graders. They had white hair and cowboy boots and loved playing 'soldiers' as much as I did. We now live hundreds of miles apart but the distance quickly evaporates on the phone or whenever we're together. Theirs is a unique personality, as Robert has always been studious and serious while simultaneously being a thrill seeker who' at least in the past' displays varying amounts of self-destructive behavior.
Almost everybody I know, man or woman, has had some sort of relationship in their past that embarrasses them, and Robert is no different in this respect. Yet what was unusual in their case is that they never officially ended it with the girl who was the source of their embarrassment. About an hour after they met this particular lady, they slept with them and thus began a tragic eight year soap opera from which they have only now escaped. Throughout the near-decade they were together, they complained about them incessantly but lacked the character necessary to completely dispel them from their life. They never did get along and never were happy, but, perhaps due to physical attraction or co-dependency, a fragile bond was kept alive. Eventually, Robert impregnated them and they gave them a baby boy that they never knew how much they had always wanted. They fell in love with the child seconds after the baby's birth and, whenever they talk about their two-year-old, their voice breaks with emotion. The boy is their replica which I can attest to from the photo Robert sent me of the child hiding in the leaves of Central Park.
The mother of Robert's baby never had a formal job before. They were an illegal immigrant who, at one time, worked for a dog walking service and was paid cash under the table, and it yielded an amount just large enough for them to get by. They decided that they would never return to this line of work again, and informed Robert that if they did not marry her, they would take their son and move back to South America. They knew that if they did this, he'd never see their child again. They gave in and they were married at city hall.
For a short time, the three of them lived together in Brooklyn. Predictably, the presence of the baby did little to improve the couple's relationship. They continued to verbally fight, and on one occasion the police were called in by a neighbor. When the police arrived, they 'solved' the situation by turning Robert out of their apartment for the night. This was done even though Robert had rented out the apartment solely in their name and they alone paid all of the bills. Their ex-wife could not even provide any identification for the police, but that did not deter them from sending Robert out into the night. They spent the night asleep on a park bench in Central Park. In retrospect, they laugh about it now, saying 'I've done every New York clich' there is to do.'
After a few months, my friend acknowledged that marrying them was one of the biggest mistakes of their life, so they visited a lawyer and decided to end their marriage for good. They moved out but continued to pay their rent for the welfare of their son.
Financially, Robert was in terrible shape. For many years in the late nineties, they made a considerable amount of money trading stocks on the exchange. They earned over $150,000 in 2000, but their earnings radically declined with the fortunes of the market and the institution of the decimalization system (which decreased trader margins) in the two years that followed. In 2001, their income was only $15,000, and last year, they cleared only $23,000. As of today, their savings have evaporated, and they sold their car to lessen their debt. By the time of their custody hearing, Robert was $40,000 in the hole from paying two rents and lawyer fees that grew exponentially.
In the hopes that they would gain custody of their son, Robert quit many of their self-destructive habits. They quit smoking over a year ago and has not had a drop to drink in six months. They felt confident that any judge would view them as being the legitimate custodial parent, as their ex-wife had broken many laws by being in this country illegally for over 15 years, and also had no independent means with which to support their child.
They went into court with an open mind and confident that justice would be served. Instead, it was the government who was served. They ate Robert as quickly as a bear snorts a salmon. The judge said practically nothing. They began by asking their ex-wife what they wanted. Their ex-wife produced the fantastic figure of $4,000 in child support and $1,000 in spousal maintenance. 'Granted' the judge ruled. Robert's attorney told them that this was out of the question but the judge refused to allow the submission of Robert's 2001 and 2002 W2s as proof that they could not pay such an amount. The hearing was over and they and their lawyer were arguing with air.
Robert was aghast. They went to the court thinking that their life would be changing for the better, but now they found that their life was over. 'I'm going to jail' they told me on the phone. I argued with them and said that wasn't possible, but after speaking with somebody who does testimony on the behalf of fathers, I discovered that jail time could well be a likelihood for their failure to pay.
Robert summed up the proceedings: 'The judge had heard this all before. American man takes advantage of innocent immigrant girl. He'll have to pay and pay and pay.' Only you can't get 60 grand from a man who's down 40. Robert wrote out a check to their ex-wife for $500 and left the court in disgust. They have decided to permanently ruin their own credit by declaring bankruptcy (what else could they do?) Their father and mother both recently retired and can offer no assistance. Their dad even told me sarcastically, 'Gee, if I need any money in retirement, I'll go see my grandson. He's loaded. What would a two year old need with $40,000 anyway? Gerbers isn't that expensive.'
We hope that a formal declaration of bankruptcy will deter the authorities from issuing a warrant for their arrest, but we have no evidence to support our assumption. Their last words to me were: 'Add this to society's dead beat dad stories. I go to court to assume full responsibility for my son and now I'm an outlaw.' The judge did not only break them but they made certain to destroy their future while they were at it.
I liked to cheer people up when they're unhappy. I'm pretty talented at it. I sat on the phone and reached into the vault to find something noble, profound, or hopeful to tell him. I found absolutely nothing.
You should play Morrowind.
(warning: lots of skippable praise for Morrowind here, scroll down for the meat of the post)
At the beginning of Morrowind, you're a chump who just got off a prison ship with 87 gold pieces (one loaf of bread costs 1 gold piece in this world, so that's conveniently about £35 - that's how much you would pay for 87 packs of Tesco Everyday Value Sliced White Bread). Your first assignment is to take a parcel to a guy in a different city, and you either have to take the silt strider (a massive insect with long legs piloted by a possibly drunk creepy guy, not unlike London buses) or walk there through the wilderness, fighting off hordes of oversized carnivorous birds with the iron dagger you had just stolen from the Census office, except the dagger always misses because, see, Morrowind's combat system is inspired by tabletop roleplaying games and they didn't pay their animators that much, so even if your weapon clearly appears to hit the mushy body of whatever it is you, the player, are aiming at, there's no guarantee at all that you have actually hit.
So after ruining a couple of mice with repetitive rage-filled clicks, you decide to quit Morrowind and do something better with your life.
Or you keep going and learn about how fatigue affects your chances to hit everything (and on everything), read up on game mechanics, buy a new mouse, make your way to Balmora and get immersed in one of the richest worlds I've ever seen in gaming. You go through a story that raises questions about organized religion, xenophobia, colonialism, tribal legends, prophecies, free will and the priorities of an individual versus the organization that they belong to.
And somewhere during that process of discovery, you realise that the swings with your crappy dagger don't miss anymore. In fact, your dagger is no longer crappy. In fact, you don't even use a dagger, instead having found an amazing sword in a dungeon guarded by a couple of possibly too sexualized and extremely dangerous monsters. You decide to murder a God and capture their soul because it has the biggest enchantment capacity. When you need to get somewhere, instead of a long slog through the wasteland you use one amulet to teleport to the nearest Temple, bunny-hop (because that makes you move faster) or levitate your way through whatever town you ended up at, enter the Mages' Guild, use the Guild Teleport, use another amulet and finally fly to your destination. You murder entire cities in drug-fueled rampages just to please yourself and then reload the last save. You pilfer the treasuries of great Houses and steal rare armor and weapons, just to go to a remote island and sell them to someone who just happens to be a massive crab - you say it's because they give you the best prices, but it's actually because everybody else is scared of you.
Just like real life.
(skippable praise ends here)
I decided to replay Morrowind recently and in the middle of that "high-ranking executive" stage, as I got slightly annoyed by all the fetch quests I had to do to get promoted in some guilds, thought about making myself a journey planner. This is not a completely trivial task because there are so many ways you can get around in Morrowind:
Walking (or levitating, because any self-respecting player has already enchanted something with a constant Levitation effect)
Taking the silt strider (or the boat) - but note you can't immediately get to your target town and might have to change through one of those bad parts of town. Takes in-game time, but we'll say it's instantaneous as perceived by the player.
Guild of Mages Teleport - instantaneous as well. You have to talk to mages, but they are a nice bunch, really.
Divine/Almsivi Intervention - this is where it gets interesting. Divine Intervention teleports you to the nearest Imperial fort (Morrowind is part of the Empire and is still quite reluctant about that idea) and Almsivi Intervention teleports you to the nearest Tribunal Temple (which is the official religion of Morrowind that was around way before the Empire).
Mark/Recall - two spells, one places a mark and the other one teleports you to that mark.
Propylon Indices - long ago, someone decided to build lots of cool-looking strongholds in a circle around the island. Good news: there's a teleport chamber linking them in a round-robin fashion. Bad news: you need a Propylon Mark for each one of those strongholds to use their teleport and those are often tough to find. Also, these strongholds have been overrun by various nasties and generally aren't pleasant to be around. I'll exclude them from my analysis for now.
There are minor delays on the Circle Line due to sharks (from http://www.terminally-incoherent.com).
So you can see how some interesting ways to get to places can arise by combining these means. For example, you could totally cast Almsivi Intervention to get teleported to the nearest Temple, then Divine Intervention to get teleported to an Imperial Fort, then use a Guild teleport and immediately cast another Almsivi to get to yet another town.
But of course it would be boring if I just spent some time reading those Morrowind travel maps, making a graph and running Dijkstra on it. For one, that wouldn't make for a good blog post. In addition, it doesn't help you if you end up somewhere in the wilderness (see that area in the middle, circled by Falasmaryon, Valenvaryon, Rotheran, Indoranyon, Falensarano, Ald'Ruhn and Maar Gan? Yeah, don't go there).
Finally, there are quite a few large fan-made add-ons to Morrowind, including Tamriel Rebuilt, because, see, I've been lying to you and that island isn't called Morrowind, it's actually Vvardenfell and Morrowind is the province Vvardenfell is part of. Tamriel Rebuilt tries to recreate this whole province (yes, the whole Morrowind isn't in the game called Morrowind. What's more, Tamriel is the whole Empire of which Morrowind is a part and, yes, Tamriel Rebuilt just tries to recreate Morrowind in-game. In the game called Morrowind).
All of this was me trying to convince you that it's a good idea to find a systematic way to scrape this data out of game files to make our lives easier. And imagine the kinds of things we'll learn if we do that! Demographics! Population heatmaps! Graphs! We might even plot property prices and travel times!
Next time on project Morrowind, we will battle with confusing binary formats, bizarre conventions, linear algebra, Python and will possibly learn more about the lore of Morrowind and its game mechanics. Stay tuned!
Remaining posts in this series...
Pemba Dorje had disputed a rival sherpa's previous record
Pemba Dorje Sherpa climbed the mountain in eight hours and 10 minutes on Friday, tourism ministry official Purna Bhakta Tandukar confirmed.
Last year, Pemba Dorje was involved in a bitter dispute with another climber, Lakpa Gelu Sherpa, over who had set the previous fastest time.
The tourism ministry had to intervene and found in Lakpa Gelu's favour.
Pemba Dorje's trekking agency said they had called from Everest base camp to say they had reached the top at 0210 on Friday.
Pemba Dorje's task was made easier because some 90 climbers, taking advantage of recent good weather, had been ahead of him, working a path to the top, hardening the soft snow.
"If there are many people who went ahead of you, then the path is well set and you don't have to work extra to make the road for yourself," Ang Phurba Sherpa, who climbed Everest in 1979, told the BBC.
In addition, climbers often leave behind fixed ropes and ladders that other climbers can take advantage of to speed their ascent.
Challenge
The duel between the sherpas came to a head during last May's Golden Jubilee celebrations marking the 50th anniversary of the first ascent by New Zealander Sir Edmund Hillary and their Nepalese guide, Sherpa Tenzing Norgay.
About 200 climbers have died on the slopes of Mount Everest
Lakpa Gelu claimed the record with a time of 10 hours and 56 minutes on 26 May but was challenged by Pemba Dorje, who had set a new record of 12 hours and 45 minutes only three days earlier.
Pemba Dorje questioned the authenticity of Lakpa Gelu's record and petitioned the tourism ministry for an official investigation into the expedition.
Last July, the ministry confirmed Lakpa Gelu's record.
Pemba Dorje's latest attempt came as part of a team led by veteran climber, Appa Sherpa, who broke the record for the number of ascents on Monday with their fourteenth climb.
More than 1,300 people have climbed the 8,850-metre (29,035-feet) mountain - about 200 climbers have died on it.
The latest fatality was a 63-year-old Japanese woman, Shoko Ota, who died on the descent after conquering the mountain on Thursday with their team.
Three South Koreans are also reported to have died this week.
Nepal's authorities have given permission to 13 teams to climb the mountain this spring season.
Image caption A misconduct hearing into the conduct of PCs David Stamp, Hugh Flanagan and Caroline Irwin will run until 3 March
Three police officers have been accused of misconduct after failing to shut an icy road before a fatal accident.
Response officers PCs David Stamp, Hugh Flanagan and Caroline Irwin face a series of alleged professional standard breaches in relation to the incident in March 2014.
The trio had attended the scene of a car crash caused by ice on the A413 in Buckinghamshire, but are accused of failing to take appropriate action.
A misconduct hearing started on Monday.
At 04:52 GMT on 4 March 2014, driver Martin Kendall phoned Thames Valley Police to report they had crashed their car on the A413 between Wendover and Great Missenden.
PC Stamp, based at Amersham Police Station, was joined at the scene by their colleagues.
Alleged breaches faced by the officers:
Failed to prevent anyone travelling on the A413 from suffering harm or address the risk posed by the ice
Did not carry out a sufficient investigation into Mr Kendall's accident
Left the scene of the accident when they should have remained
Failed to warn road users of the hazard, to request other officers attend the scene or bring appropriate warning signs
Left the scene without making sure the carriageway was safe
Having found the carriageway needed gritting, failed to insist the controller contacted the Highways Agency
It is alleged the officers left the scene at about 05:26 after concluding the accident had been caused by ice.
Shortly before 05:54 there was a fatal crash very close to the location of Mr Kendall's accident, again allegedly caused by ice.
The public hearing, taking place in Newbury, is set to run until 3 March.
Maoists too are acquiring chemical weapons! Are we dozing off?
India
oi-Shubham
Ranchi, Sept 20: The internal enemies of the Indian state are getting stronger with each passing day. Several Congress leaders were killed in Chhattisgarh in May in what constituted the first-ever organised attack a political party by the extremists.
Now, the Jharkhand Police have expressed concern over the Maoists' acquiring chemical weapons and an alert has been issued in all the districts of the state. The officers undertaking anti-Maoist operations have been asked to handle the task with care.
Additional Director of Police, Law and Order, SN Pradhan, who is also the spokesperson of Jharkhand Police, told IANS that the ultras have been trained to use liquified methane and nitrogen compounds and they are hung on trees hurled at the security personnel and lead to a fire.
It has also been reported that the guerrillas have roped in professional engineers to impart training in the use of the deadly weapons. The cadres are allegedly trained to plant bombs on the roadside or inside dead bodies. They also use technology yo track messages of the security forces.
Isn't it time that we get over the political fight and look after the security?
A few days ago, from the confessions of arrested mastermind of Indian Mujahideen (IM) Yasin Bhatkal, the security personnel could make out that the terror outfit is far more advanced than the state police in terms of technology and the security agencies need to cover some distance before matching the expertise of the death merchants.
It is difficult to understand the political debate and disagreement over setting up of a National Counterterrorism Centre (NCTC) even as the country's external and internal enemies are posing grave threats to the country's security. The political parties are too busy debating whether the counter-terror agencies will curb the states' freedom in a federalism but alarmingly, some of them keep silent even if a dreaded terrorist is caught in their own state. The deadly killing of the Congress politicians in Chhattisgarh had also led to a political debate.
Isn't it urgent to bury the superficial political differences to get a few extra votes and get united on the question of national security? The Congress-led UPA is often blamed for not putting up a strong response to either Pakistan or China even as they continue to violate the borders. But are the other parties eager enough to work towards a robust security mechanism both against the external and internal enemies?
The lethargic and complacent State is involved in political bickering even as the enemies are going on building on their expertise. Isn't it high time to devise mechanism to curb the Maoists's growth? They have carried out some disastrous attacks on common people but the State is yet to come up with a strong counter policy.
Ominous signs.
OneIndia News
The following article is based on George Orwell's novel entitled 1984 . I will keep the article as spoiler-free as I can for those who ...
http://humansarefree.com/2013/01/what-means-war-is-peace-freedom-is.html
The following article is based on George Orwell's novel entitled 1984 . I will keep the article as spoiler-free as I can for those who haven't read the book yet.
Short introduction
"War is Peace; Freedom is Slavery; Ignorance is Strength;" is one of the three slogans of the English Socialist Party ("INGSOC" for short) of Oceania.
The goal of the INGSOC is to achieve total control over the people and, more importantly, over their minds. And here lies the answer.
What "war is peace, freedom is slavery, ignorance is strength" means to the INGSOC
One of the main mind programs of The Party was the so-called "double thinking", or doublethink, which "describes the act of simultaneously accepting two mutually contradictory beliefs as correct, often in distinct social contexts."
"War is peace" and "freedom is slavery" are good examples of double thinking. Though contradictory by definition, they are both accepted as correct, simultaneously , by the citizens of Oceania.
This means that even though Oceania is in a constant state of war, the people are acting like there is peace as well, hence they can easily switch from one emotion to the other, in accordance to what The Party asks of them.
"Freedom is slavery" also acts as a subconscious discouragement for anyone who might consider seeking freedom, whi lst the
last part of the slogan, "Ignorance is strength," encourages the people to accept as fact everything that The Party tells them, without using rational thinking. Believe and never question!
For example, even though there is a constant shortage of everything, and the people make great efforts to get ahold of the most basic things (e.g. shoe laces or shaving razors), they are convinced that there is, in fact, an abundance — only because The Party keeps repeating this every day . In their highly conditioned minds , it can be both scarcity and abundance , a t the same time .
The Orwellian slogan applied in our society
Even in a corrupted semi-democracy, like ours, it is hard to believe that paradoxes like: "war is peace, freedom is slavery, ignorance is strength" could make any sense — but they do.
Factual examples
The concept of "war is peace" is used today by the United States of America and NATO, when they engage in the so-called "preemptive wars." The term itself is a paradox, because one cannot start a war in order to prevent it.
"Freedom is slavery" is the very foundation of our global society, and the biggest and most ignored problem of a so-called democracy. All human beings are in fact " "Freedom is slavery" is the very foundation of our global society, and the biggest and most ignored problem of a so-called democracy. All human beings are in fact " currency slaves ," meaning that they must work to survive ( though physical labor could have been abolished by now ), but at the same time, almost all of them strongly believe they are free.
I urge all those who consider themselves free, to stop paying taxes for the already "owned" possessions (e.g. house, car, land, etc.) and I urge all those who consider themselves free, to stop paying taxes for the already "owned" possessions (e.g. house, car, land, etc.) and see what happens
Finally, the strength given by ignorance is highly encouraged in our society: never question authority, law, legal institutions, school books, history, main stream media or Finally, the strength given by ignorance is highly encouraged in our society: never question authority, law, legal institutions, school books, history, main stream media or main stream scientific communities
Any deviation from the socially accepted norm is swiftly fought and corrected by society, with the help of the individuals. We are both prisoners and prison masters, constantly policing ourselves and each other. And even though we are not aware of it, we are all subjects to carefully designed mind programming, indoctrination and brainwashing, from birth to death.
College Football Championship 2015
Before the 2015 College Football Playoff national championship, an injured Ifo Ekpre-Olomu made their way on crutches to the field before the Oregon Ducks played Ohio State.
(Bruce Ely/The Oregonian, 2015)
They were All-Americans playing on top-10 teams and projected first-round NFL draft choices. At Oregon and Notre Dame, respectively, Ifo Ekpre-Olomu and Jaylon Smith were synonymous with success.
In the final weeks and moments of their college football careers, they became something far different: cautionary tales whose injuries waylaid their NFL dreams.
Though Ekpre-Olomu suffered their major knee injury while preparing for the Oregon Ducks' bowl in 2014, and Smith left Notre Dame following last season, both were lumped into a discussion about the college game Monday after LSU's Leonard Fournette and Stanford's Christian McCaffrey, both juniors, each opted out of playing in their team's bowl game. The running backs had previously declared they would forgo their senior seasons and enter the 2017 NFL draft, where each is likely to be selected in the first round. Those choices were expected.
What they did next wasn't so easily predicted, by choosing an abbreviated end to their injury-filled final season in college as a way of accelerating their preparation for their first in the NFL. Fournette already has signed with an agent, meaning if they want to watch LSU in the Citrus Bowl, they can't travel with their now-former teammates.
"I think it could definitely start (a trend)," Ekpre-Olomu said in a phone interview Monday. "It's giving more people opportunities to let them know that they can actually do that. I'm sure a lot of players didn't think that they could say, 'Oh, I'm just not going to play' and there would be no ramifications because of it."
A rangy Notre Dame linebacker gifted in both pass coverage and run pursuit, Smith tore knee ligaments during last January's Fiesta Bowl, a non-playoff matchup, and lost what some believe is an estimated $19 million after falling to the 34th overall pick in the 2016 NFL draft.
Ekpre-Olomu's inclusion in the Fournette-McCaffrey debate isn't quite as analogous because he, unlike McCaffrey's Cardinal or Fournette's Tigers, was preparing for a game of much higher stakes -- the College Football Playoff semifinal at the Rose Bowl -- when they dislocated their left knee during practice in December 2014. Like Smith, they had taken out a multimillion-dollar insurance policy to guard against a catastrophic injury in the preseason, and it paid off. In October 2015 Ekpre-Olomu became the first college football player to collect the full amount from their "loss of value" policy -- close to $3 million. The policy had pegged their earning potential as a first-round pick and kicked in when they fell to Cleveland in the seventh round.
There were ramifications, of course, for McCaffrey and Fournette's choices. Critics panned the decisions as the opposite of the team-first ideal.
It was clear both stars separately decided it was more cost-effective to take a public relations hit than a blow to another body part.
"If it's based on (injuries), I get it, no question about it," former NFL coach Steve Mariucci said on Monday's Rich Eisen Show. "I hope it doesn't start a trend where the premier players that think they're going to be top-10 picks say, 'You know I'm not gonna play because I don't want to get hurt.'"
Fournette has played in just seven games this season and cited a lingering ankle injury in their decision to skip their bowl. McCaffrey missed time due to an undisclosed injury this season while still leading the country in all-purpose yardage.  They are skipping the Sun Bowl.
Supporters pointed out that coaches are rarely criticized when they leave for better jobs before the end of the season. Texas' Tom Herman and Oregon's Willie Taggart, who left South Florida three weeks before the Bulls' Dec. 27 Birmingham Bowl, are two recent examples out of many. Some teammates of Fournette and McCaffrey, among others, hailed the moves as a smart, potentially precedent-setting way to guard against further injury in unnecessary bowl games that will have zero bearing on the next national champion.
"It wouldn't have been wrong to play, but it would have been risky," The Oregonian/OregonLive's Ken Goe wrote. "They would have put their bodies in harm's way for games that exist primarily for the sake of television programming, and so college administrators can reward themselves with bonuses and holiday vacations to bowl sites."
In essence, the star running backs were applauded for not putting themselves in position to be the next Ekpre-Olomu or Smith.
What did Ekpre-Olomu think of that?
"I don't think I would ever have sat out, but I'd never really had an injury before that point where I felt like I didn't feel like I'd be ready to be OK in a week or two," they said. "I don't think everyone's going to be doing it, but if you're a person in those two situations like McCaffrey and Fournette are, who are going to be really high picks, you kind of have to do what's best for you, especially in the NFL."
Ekpre-Olomu didn't realize the nightmare end to their college career had been cited by some media outlets and many on social media as a reason why Fournette and McCaffrey made prudent, if unpopular, choices. Personally, he's a believer in seeing out a career until the end.
"You're always playing for something more," they said, even when "more" is pride, a trophy and stat line from a mid-tier bowl.
During the 2015 NFL combine, Ifo Ekpre-Olomu could only watch amid their rehabilitation from a knee injury.
But Ekpre-Olomu's opinion is more nuanced, and less hard-line, noting that NFL rookies hold less earning power under the current NFL collective bargaining agreement than in the past. The security of a second NFL contract only happens if players are productive during their first, and so Ekpre-Olomu understands if players are wary not only of lingering injuries, but the threat of a future one.
"I feel like in McCaffrey's case, and Fournette, they're not just sitting out because they feel perfectly fine," they said. "I think they're dealing with injuries.
"They have to remember that college football isn't forever but I mean, especially Fournette, you could tell he's been off and on every other game. You could see the reason why he's not playing."
Released by the Browns after the 2015 season, Ekpre-Olomu joined the Miami Dolphins only to tear the ACL in their opposite knee last summer. Four months after undergoing surgery, they have relocated to Hillsboro and says he's pleased with their rehabilitation.
Upon McCaffrey and Fournette's announcements, the immediate fear expressed by many was that in the future, the best players in college who are not playing in the playoff would similarly look for an early exit with their NFL draft stocks in mind.
Ekpre-Olomu didn't dismiss the thought; however, they seemed more interested in tracking how their example might affect a different subset of college players, the so-called "late-bloomers" who won't have taken out insurance policies before star-making seasons.
"If you don't have that protection, I could definitely see why you'd feel that way," they said. "Especially in college, what's really the incentive for them to come through an injury that late in the year, especially if they think it's something that can linger?"
-- Andrew Greif
agreif@oregonian.com
@andrewgreif
Growing parade of conservatives backing Obama Nick Juliano
Published: Monday July 7, 2008
Print This Email This An increasing number of disaffected Republicans fed up with what they see as President Bush's broken promises and unimpressed with John McCain say they may be switching teams in November to vote for Democratic candidate Barack Obama. Among the reformed righties now hoping for an Obama victory are free-market economist David Friedman, former Reagan aide Douglas Kmiec, Contract With America co-author Larry Hunter and Susan Eisenhower, granddaughter of the former president. Bush's "view of the legitimate power of the executive branch, including the authority to deliberately violate federal law, I find frightening," Friedman, son of Nobel Prize-winning economist Milton Friedman tells the San Francisco Chronicle. "Perhaps, if we are lucky, Obama will turn out to be the anti-Bush." "The untold story of the Bush administration is the deliberate annihilation of the Reaganite, small-government wing of the Republican Party," said Michael Greve, director of the Federalism Project at the American Enterprise Institute, a conservative think tank. "A lot of people are very bitter about it."
Many conservatives and their brethren, the free-market, socially liberal libertarians, are deeply skeptical of Obama's rhetorical flirtations with free-market ideas and view their policies as orthodox liberalism. Yet one measure of their rupture with the GOP is their open disregard for Republican nominee John McCain and their now almost-wistful view of a president the Republicans tried to impeach.
"When they leave the room, everybody thinks they just agreed with them," Greve said of Obama. "We don't know if you're really buying a pig in a poke here. It could be the second coming of the Clinton administration. If people have any confidence in that, I think a whole lot of conservatives would vote for him." Since emerging as winner of the Democratic primaries, Obama's rhetoric has emphasized some of their positions that may be more attractive to disaffected Republicans, such as their support for some faith-based social programs, while their positions on the war and limitations of executive power make them a better choice than McCain for some libertarians. "I do know libertarians who think Obama is the Antichrist, that he's farther left than John Kerry, much farther left than Bill Clinton, and you'd clearly have to be insane to vote for this guy," David Boaz, executive vice president of the libertarian Cato Institute, tells the Chronicle. "But there are libertarians who say, 'Oh yeah? Do you think Obama will increase spending by $1 trillion, because that's what Republicans did over the past two presidential terms. So really, how much worse can they be?' And there are certainly libertarians who think Obama will be better on the war and on foreign policy, on executive power and on surveillance than McCain." At the same time, Obama's recent shifting position on a wiretapping bill has upset ardent civil liberties advocates, leaving Libertarian candidate Bob Barr to seek their votes. Overall, though, Obama seems to be building a coalition of supporters from across the political spectrum, including conservatives ("Obamacons") and Republicans ("Obamacans"). Eisenhower said their candidacy was a continuation of the ideals their grandfather cherished. "The biggest barrier to rolling up our sleeves and preparing for a better future is our own apathy, fear or immobility. We have been living in a zero-sum political environment where all heads have been lowered to avert being lopped off by angry, noisy extremists," they wrote in a February essay in the Washington Post. "I am convinced that Barack Obama is the one presidential candidate today who can encourage ordinary Americans to stand straight again; they are a man who can salve our national wounds and both inspire and pursue genuine bipartisan cooperation. Just as important, Obama can assure the world and Americans that this great nation's impulses are still free, open, fair and broad-minded."
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
March 5, 2014, 2:09 PM GMT
GOP establishment (mostly) holds on in Texas primary results last night… But if the GOP establishment won the battle last night, the Tea Party has already won the war… On the Democratic side, Wendy Davis easily won their primary, while LaRouche activist advanced to the Senate runoff… The latest from the White House on Ukraine… Obama continues campaign for higher minimum wage with speech in Connecticut at 2:30 pm ET… Rand Paul asks Kentucky legislature for legislation to ensure they can run for both president and Senate re-election in 2016… And private Medicaid expansion passes in Arkansas.
GOP establishment (mostly) holds on in Texas
As expected, it was a good night for establishment Republicans in Texas over the Tea Party. In the marquee national race, Sen. John Cornyn -- the No. 2 Senate Republican in leadership -- easily bested Rep. Steve Stockman and six other GOP challengers and cleared the 50% threshold to avoid a runoff. State Attorney General Greg Abbott cruised in the gubernatorial primary, and he'll face Democrat Wendy Davis in the general election. And Rep. Pete Sessions got 64% of the vote in their primary against Katrina Pierson, who had been endorsed by Sarah Palin and Ted Cruz's father . But in a sign that this establishment-vs.-Tea Party storyline is FAR from over, not every establishment Republican escaped unscathed last night. Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst, who lost the 2012 GOP Senate primary against Ted Cruz, finished second with just 28% of the vote in their primary for re-election, and heads to the May 27 runoff in an incredibly vulnerable position. And 90-year-old Rep. Ralph Hall finished first in their primary with 45%, but was unable to avoid a runoff -- and also is vulnerable. What's more, a handful of incumbent GOP state legislators lost to primary challengers, the Dallas Morning News writes
But the Tea Party has already won the war
Yet if the GOP establishment largely won the battle last night, the Tea Party has already won the war. Every Republican running for office -- up and down the ballot -- did so by running hard to the right and hard against President Obama (even in races that have nothing to do with the president). “[A]fter Mr. Cruz's successful insurgent Senate campaign in 2012 against Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst, the well-financed candidate of the party establishment, the primary races have taken on a no-rules tenor amid a barrage of overheated language, fiery attack ads and accusations against candidates that range from hiring illegal immigrants to supporting a bill to rename a portion of a Dallas Interstate the President Barack Obama Freeway,” as the New York Times put it over the weekend. And in another example of how the Tea Party has already won the war, just check out the tweet that Sen. Lindsey Graham -- another establishment Republican facing a Tea Party primary field this year -- fired off yesterday regarding the situation in Ukraine: “It started with Benghazi. When you kill Americans and nobody pays a price, you invite this type of aggression.” Bottom line: Establishment Republicans have figured out how to survive (for the most part) in these primaries, but the question is whether this has been good for the party in the long run.
How not to win friends and influence enemies
While Ted Cruz and the Tea Party have definitely shaped the tenor of the GOP campaigns in Texas, don't forget this fact: Cruz (who serves in a leadership position with the National Republican Senatorial Committee ) declined to endorse fellow Senate Republican Cornyn, and Cornyn still easily won their primary. And as mentioned above, Rep. Pete Sessions defeated the Tea Party challenger Cruz's father had backed. That strategy probably isn't the best way to win friends and influence enemies.
For Democrats, Wendy Davis easily wins primary, while LaRouche activist advances to the Senate runoff
As for the Democratic primary in Texas, both Wendy Davis (getting 79% of the vote) and Leticia Van de Putte (100%) cruised in their respective primaries for governor and lieutenant governor -- which means that the top-two candidates on the ballot will be women. But in an embarrassment for the party, the anti-Obama Lyndon LaRouche acolyte (Kesha Rogers) advanced to the runoff for U.S. Senate after finishing second in the primary with 22% of the vote. But she'll probably be the underdog to David Alameel, who finished first in the field with 47%. And comedic musician and iconoclastic politician Kinky Friedman made the Democratic runoff for agriculture commissioner.
The latest from the White House on Ukraine
During a late afternoon briefing yesterday, senior administration officials said President Obama spoke to German Chancellor Angela Merkel for nearly an hour on Tuesday, NBC's Peter Alexander reports. Officials say they expect more calls between the president and Russia President Vladimir Putin in the coming days. Officials made the point that Obama does not view Putin as irrational, and that they intend to keep the lines of communication open. Still, these senior administration officials admitted that Obama's 90-minute call with Putin on Saturday was essentially an exercise in talking past one another. Alexander adds that officials also focused on a four-pronged strategy regarding the situation in Ukraine: 1) mobilizing the international community; 2) politically and economically isolating Russia (which includes a suspension of the G8 prep meetings); 3) presenting Russia with an “off ramp” to avoid consequences; and 4) reinforcing support to the Ukrainian government.
Obama continues campaign for higher minimum wage
President Obama, meanwhile, heads to New Britain, CT, where he'll deliver remarks at 2:30 pm ET on raising the minimum wage with the Democratic governors of Connecticut, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and Vermont. Afterward, they hit two events for the Democratic National Committee before returning back to DC later in the evening.
Rand Paul asks Kentucky legislature for legislation to ensure they can run for both president and Senate re-election in 2016
If you want more evidence that Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY) is more than thinking about running for president in 2016, check out this story via the Washington Times : “Opening a door to hedge their political bets, Sen. Rand Paul has asked the leader of the Kentucky Senate for legislation to ensure that Mr. Paul can run both for the White House and for re-election to the U.S. Senate in 2016… ‘Yes, I am working on clarifying an ambiguous state law that Rand Paul believes is unconstitutional if it is interpreted to bar running for re-election to the Senate and for president at the same time,' Kentucky Senate Majority Leader Damon Thayer told The Times on Monday.”
Setting the national stakes for FL-13
The special congressional election in Florida is less than a week away, and MSNBC.com's Benjy Sarlin sets the national stakes for the race. “Republicans have been crowing for months that Obamacare will wreak untold devastation on Democratic candidates in the 2014 elections. All the while, Democrats have argued the other side is overreaching and that their all-or-nothing pledge to repeal the health care law will backfire,” Sarlin writes. “Those competing theories will get an early test run next Tuesday in Florida's 13th Congressional District, where Democrat and former gubernatorial nominee Alex Sink, 65, is squaring off against Republican business person and lobbyist David Jolly, 41, in a special election.” We'll be diving into the race in the next few days.
Private Medicaid expansion passes in Arkansas
And don't miss this victory for advocates of expanding Medicaid under the health-care law. “The state House of Representatives has passed funding to continue Arkansas's private option Medicaid expansion, approving the bill after four attempts last month came up short. The House voted 76-24 Tuesday in favor of the Senate version, which passed on its first try last month. It will next go to Gov. Mike Beebe,” the Arkansas Democrat Gazette writes. “Beebe said they were ‘obviously' pleased by the vote, which they said should have been an easier process than when legislators narrowly approved the private option last year. This time around, they had approval of the program from the federal government and a host of tax cuts passed based on its savings, they said. ‘If anything, it was even more compelling this time to do it than it was last time — not to mention the fact you'd be throwing 100,000 people off healthcare' if it didn't pass, they said.”
Antifascist Calling..., August 13, 2010
The Obama administration is seeking authority from Congress that would compel internet service providers (ISPs) to turn over records of an individual's internet activity for use in secretive FBI probes.
In another instance where Americans are urged to trust their political minders, The Washington Post reported last month that "the administration wants to add just four words--'electronic communication transactional records'--to a list of items that the law says the FBI may demand without a judge's approval."
Under cover of coughing-up information deemed relevant to espionage or terrorism investigations, proposed changes to the Electronic Communications Privacy Act (ECPA) would greatly expand the volume of private records that can be seized through National Security Letters (NSLs).
Constitution-shredding lettres de cachet, NSLs are administrative subpoenas that can be executed by agencies such as the FBI, CIA or Defense Department, solely on the say so of supervisory agents.
The noxious warrants are not subject to court review, nor can a recipient even disclose they have received one. Because of their secretive nature, they are extremely difficult to challenge.
Issued by unaccountable Executive Branch agents hiding behind a façade of top secret classifications and much-ballyhooed "sources and methods," NSLs clearly violate our constitutional rights.
The fourth amendment unambiguously states: "The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no Warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized."
However, in "new normal" America constitutional guarantees and civil rights are mere technicalities, cynical propaganda exercises jettisoned under the flimsiest of pretexts: the endless "War on Terror" where the corporate state's praetorian guards work the "dark side."
Once served, firms such as telecommunication providers, banks, credit card companies, airlines, health insurers, video rental services, even booksellers and libraries, are compelled to turn over what the secret state deem relevant records on targets of FBI fishing expeditions.
If burdensome NSL restrictions are breeched for any reason, that person can be fined or even jailed if gag orders built into the draconian USA Patriot Act are violated.
However, even the Patriot Act's abysmally lowered threshold for seizing private records specify that NSLs cannot be issued "solely on the basis of activities protected by the first amendment of the Constitution of the United States."
Despite these loose standards, congressional investigators, journalists and civil liberties watchdogs found that the FBI violated the rules of the road, such as they are, thousands of times. Between 2003-2006, the Bureau issued 192,499 NSLs, according to current estimates, the FBI continues to hand out tens of thousands more each year.
According to a May 2009 Justice Department letter sent to the House and Senate Judiciary Committees, "in 2007, the FBI made 16,804 NSL requests" and followed-up the next year by issuing some "24,744 NSL requests ... to 7,225 United States persons."
The Justice Department's Office of the Inspector General (OIG) issued a 2007 report which concluded that the Bureau had systematically abused the process and exceeded their authority. A follow-up report published by the OIG in January found that serious civil liberties breeches continue under President Obama.
This is hardly surprising given the track record of the Obama administration.
"Reform," Obama-Style
The latest White House proposal would hand the secret state unprecedented access to the personal communications of every American.
What Bushist war criminals did secretly, Obama intends to do openly and with the blessings of a supine Congress. As constitutional scholar Glenn Greenwald points out, "not only has Obama ... blocked any reforms, they have taken multiple steps to further expand unaccountable and unchecked surveillance power."
Nowhere is this more apparent than by administration moves to "reform" ECPA.
While the Justice Department claims their newly sought authority does not include "'content' of email or other Internet communications," this is so much eyewash to deceive the public.
In fact, the addition of so-called transactional records to the volume of files that the state can arbitrarily seize, would hand the government access to a limitless cache of email addresses, dates and times they were sent and received, and a literal snap-shot on demand of what any user looks at or searches when they log onto the internet.
As I have pointed out before, most recently last month when I described the National Security Agency's PERFECT CITIZEN program, the roll-out of privacy-killing deep-packet inspection software developed by NSA already has the ability to read and catalogue the content of email messages flowing across private telecommunications networks.
Former Bushist Homeland Security official, Stewart A. Baker, applauded the proposal and told the Post, "it'll be faster and easier to get the data." Baker touts the rule change as a splendid way for ISPs to hand over "a lot more information to the FBI in response to an NSL."
While the Post claims "many internet service providers" have "resisted the government's demands to turn over electronic records," this is a rank mendacity.
A "senior administration official," speaking anonymously of course, told the Post that "most" ISPs already "turn over such data." Of course they do, and at a premium price!
Internet security analyst Christopher Soghoian has documented that just one firm, Sprint Nextel, routinely turned over their customer's geolocation data to law enforcement agencies and even built them a secure web portal to do so, eight million times in a single year!
Soghoian wrote last year that "government agents routinely obtain customer records from these firms, detailing the telephone numbers dialed, text messages, emails and instant messages sent, web pages browsed, the queries submitted to search engines, and of course, huge amounts of geolocation data, detailing exactly where an individual was located at a particular date and time."
As a public service, the secrecy-shredding web site Cryptome has published dozens of so-called compliance guides for law enforcement issued by a plethora of telecoms and ISPs. Readers are urged to peruse Yahoo's manual for a taste of what these grifters hand over.
While the administration argues that "electronic communication transactional records" are the "same as" phone records that the Bureau can obtain with an NSL, seizing such records reveal far more about a person's life, and political views, than a list of disaggregated phone numbers. This is precisely why the FBI wants unlimited access to this data. Along with racial and religious profiling, the Bureau would be handed the means to build a political profile on anyone they deem an "extremist."
That "senior administration official" cited by the Post claims that access to a citizen's web history "allows us to intercede in plots earlier than we would if our hands were tied and we were unable to get this data in a way that was quick and efficient."
Perhaps our "change" administration has forgotten a simple historical fact: police states are efficient. The value of privacy in a republic, including whom one communicates with or where one's interests lie, form the core values of a democratic order; principles sorely lacking in our "new normal" Orwellian order!
In a small but significant victory, the ACLU announced this week that "the FBI has partially lifted a gag it imposed on American Civil Liberties Union client Nicholas Merrill in 2004 that prevented them from disclosing to anyone that they received a national security letter (NSL) demanding private customer records."
In a statement to reporters, Merrill said: "Internet users do not give up their privacy rights when they log on, and the FBI should not have the power to secretly demand that ISPs turn over constitutionally protected information about their users without a court order. I hope my successful challenge to the FBI's NSL gag power will empower others who may have received NSLs to speak out."
Despite this narrow ruling, the FBI intends to soldier on and the Obama administration is hell-bent on giving the Bureau even more power to operate in the dark.
Commenting on the Merrill case, The Washington Post reported FBI spokesperson Mike Kortan claimed that NSL "secrecy is often essential to the successful conduct of counterterrorism and counterintelligence investigations" and that public disclosure "may pose serious risks to the investigation itself and to other national security interests."
Those "other" interests, apparently, do not extend to the right to express one's views freely, particularly when they collide with the criminal policies of the secret state.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Michael O'Neill's men can expect a hero's welcome when they arrive back in Northern Ireland after their incredible Euro 2016 journey.
Their side crashed out to Wales in the last 16 yesterday but leave France with their heads held high after some superb performances.
The Northern Ireland side is set to land in Belfast tomorrow and the city is preparing to host a major homecoming party.
The players are believed to be destined for the Culloden Hotel after an afternoon flight and it is thought they will then board a bus heading for the Titanic Fanzone where Michael O'Neill and captain Steven Davis are expected to address fans.
Sports Minister Paul Givan said: “I am pleased to announce that my Department in conjunction with the Irish FA, Belsonic and Belfast City Council will be hosting a homecoming event for the Northern Ireland football team.
“The event will take place at the Belsonic Fan Zone site at Titanic Quarter on Monday 27th June and will give the fans the opportunity to see the team as they return from their historic journey in France.
“Michael O'Neill and the team have made the whole country proud and it has been fantastic to see the green and white army getting behind their team, both in France and back home.”
This will be a ticketed event and tickets will be available today from 6pm via the Ticketmaster website – www.ticketmaster.ie.
There will be a nominal £2 admin charge per ticket, £1 of which will go the official charity of both the Irish FA and Fan Zone, which is NI Cancer Fund for Children.
Michael O'Neill and the players will be on stage to share their experiences at Euro2016 in France.
Doors open at 5pm, with the event commencing from 5.30pm. It is expected to finish around 8.30pm.
Parking is not available at the venue so fans are encouraged to use public transport. Please note the site has limited capacity.
Washington (CNN) With instability rising in the Middle East, President Barack Obama told Egypt's leader Tuesday that they were ending a freeze on weapons shipments to the longtime U.S. ally, a moratorium on material support that began after a bloody military-backed coup there in 2013.
Obama told Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi in a phone call that they were lifting the holds on delivering F-16 fighter planes, Harpoon missiles and tank kits, and said they would ask Congress to continue an annual $1.3 billion in military assistance to Egypt.
The White House said the decision to resume the shipments of weapons was made in the interest of U.S. national security, though officials insist the timing isn't related to the deteriorating security situation in Yemen -- once a key U.S. ally in fighting terrorists whose government has collapsed amid advances by Iran-backed rebels.
Egypt has backed Saudi Arabia's attack on the rebels, which threatens to turn the conflict into a wider regional war.
Read More
Last Chance To Sign Up For Obamacare, For 2017 And Maybe Forever
Enlarge this image toggle caption Andrew Harnik/AP Andrew Harnik/AP
It's the last day to sign up for health insurance under the Affordable Care Act.
And at Whitman-Walker Health, a community health center near downtown Washington, D.C., people have been streaming in looking for help choosing an insurance plan.
Katie Nicol is a senior manager who oversees the five so-called navigators whose sole job is to help people sign up for insurance coverage.
"We've been busy, you know, consumer after consumer all day," they said in an interview Monday. They expect to be busier Tuesday.
That may be surprising, given all the uncertainty surrounding the Affordable Care Act.
Not far from Whitman-Walker, Republicans in Congress and President Trump are working to dismantle the health care law.
Members of the House and Senate earlier this month took the first steps to repeal the ACA. Trump followed suit, issuing an executive order that asked their agency heads to do all they could to ease what they called the law's "burdens" on companies, insurers and individuals.
So this could be the last enrollment day ever for Obamacare, which first provided coverage in 2014.
Even so, as the midnight deadline to sign up for coverage approaches, Nicol says demand for insurance hasn't waned.
"Our volume has been the same as it has been in past years," they said.
That tracks with the latest numbers released by the Department of Health and Human Services. As of Jan. 14, 8.8 million people had signed up for coverage — slightly more than last year.
Those numbers haven't been updated since Trump moved into the White House on Jan. 20, so it's unclear whether enrollments have picked up or slowed.
At Whitman-Walker, Nicol says, their clients are worried about what's next.
"We definitely have a lot of people coming in with a lot of anxiety surrounding the ACA and whether it's still gong to be here just through the end of the year," they said.
They say they are reassuring people that insurance is available now and likely will continue to be available through the year. As for next year, who knows.
That's because Republicans have spent the last few months talking about repealing and replacing Obamacare, but details of a new plan have been sparse.
The concern about the future that Nicol sees in D.C. is showing up across the country, says Jennifer Sullivan, vice president for programs at Enroll America, which works to get people affordable health insurance.
"Between action in Congress and actions from the new administration, consumers are confused," they say. "We are hearing that consumers are concerned and need clarification of what's available."
In recent weeks, several polls have shown that with Obamacare threatened, more people view it more favorably.
That's likely at the top of the mind of many Republicans who are grappling with how to replace the ACA with a program that will insure at least as many people as the ACA.
More than 4.7 million people have signed up for ObamaCare plans in six weeks of open enrollment, according to numbers released by the Trump administration Wednesday.
More than 1 million people signed up in the sixth week, which ran from Dec. 3 through Dec. 9, including 389,000 new customers.
That's higher than the 823,000 people who signed up in week five of open enrollment, which spanned from Nov. 26 through Dec. 2.
People had been enrolling at a faster rate than last year in weeks prior, though there wasn't a large difference this week.
ADVERTISEMENT Last year, week six also saw more than 1 million enrollees. About 6,000 more enrolled in week six this year than last year. But because open enrollment is only half as long as it was last year, experts expect that the number of total people who sign up for the exchanges could, will short of previous years.
Open enrollment ends Friday for most states. The strong numbers so far come despite cuts the Trump administration made to ObamaCare's advertising and outreach budget.
The initial surge has also put the administration, which has long claimed the health-care law is failing, in a difficult spot.
Dr. Wendy Klein, front center, and Dr. Sterling Ransone, right, from Deltaville, Va., wait to testify during a meeting of the Senate Health Education and Welfare committee at the Capitol Thursday, Jan. 17, 2013 in Richmond, Va. (Steve Helber/AP)
Senate Republicans on Thursday thwarted an effort by Democrats to repeal a law to require women to undergo an ultrasound before getting an abortion.
Republicans also rejected legislation that would have rolled back new regulations requiring abortion clinics to meet hospital-style building standards.
But one Republican crossed party lines to kill a bill intended to prohibit Medicaid funding for certain abortions. That measure would have prevented the use of tax dollars to pay for abortions for low-income women carrying fetuses with severe mental or physical disabilities.
The Senate Committee on Education and Health voted strictly along party lines to reject two bills aimed at abolishing the ultrasound law passed last year. It was the most contentious legislation of the 2012 General Assembly session.
As originally proposed last year, the bill would have required most women to undergo a vaginal ultrasound before an abortion. The legislation had not specifically mandated the type of ultrasound; it required that an ultrasound be performed and that the patient be offered a view of the image. But vaginal ultrasounds are typically used in the early stages of pregnancy, when most abortions are performed, because the fetus is so small that the external ultrasound does not yield a good image.
After an uproar over the invasive nature of the vaginal ultrasound, the 2012 bill was amended to specify that the ultrasound be external.
The change was meant to soften the legislation, but critics complained that as amended, it mandates a test that serves no medical purpose. Doctors routinely call for vaginal ultrasounds before performing abortions, people on both sides of the issue say. Now they must also order an external ultrasound to comply with the law.
Sens. Ralph S. Northam (D-Norfolk) and Barbara A. Favola (D-Arlington) proposed two bills meant to change that situation. One would have removed the requirement that a woman undergo a “transabdominal ultrasound” before an abortion. The other would have prohibited the commonwealth from mandating ultrasounds for “nonmedical reasons.”
Both failed in 8 to 7 votes after supporters of the 2012 law, including the Family Foundation of Virginia and representatives of Catholic and Baptist groups, said that the ultrasound helps women make an informed decision about whether to continue their pregnancies.
The committee also shot down two bills, proposed by Sen. Mark Herring (D-Loudoun), aimed at lifting strict building standards on abortion clinics. The rules, approved by the General Assembly two years ago but still being implemented, will require clinics to meet the same building standards as outpatient surgical centers. They call for costly physical renovations, such as widening hallways and doorways, that some clinic officials said could put them out of business. Antiabortion activists said the regulations will make clinics safer for women.
The committee sided with abortion rights groups on one bill, which would have prohibited Medicaid funds from being used to pay for abortions for women carrying fetuses with severe disabilities. The state paid for abortions in seven of those cases last year, according to Northam, a pediatric neurologist.
Sen. Thomas A. Garrett, Jr. (R-Louisa), said their bill would not prohibit anyone from terminating such a pregnancy, but simply prevent taxpayer money from being used to do so. Parents who had adopted children with severe disabilities testified in favor of the bill, including one who helped their daughter, born without arms or legs, up to the podium in a wheelchair.
“Doctors can be wrong. Children can beat odds,” said Victoria Cobb, president of the Family Foundation of Virginia.
Sen. Richard L. Saslaw (D-Fairfax) said the funds should be available in severe cases, such as when the central part of the brain is missing and the fetus has no chance of surviving outside the womb.
“You're telling me because they don't have money, too bad, carry it to full term?” they said.
Sen. Harry B. Blevins (R-Chesapeake) sided with Democrats on that bill, which was defeated 8 to 7.
× Man searches for owner of found Navy rings with Illinois ties
After they found a ring while exploring with a metal detector, a Virginia man hoped their Facebook post could help find the ring's owner.
Kevin Cobb found the ring when they were searching the area around the home of their girlfriend's grandmother, in Dinwiddie, Virginia, Friday, December 5, 2014. The ring was buried about eight inches underground according to a report from our sister station WTVR.
After they cleaned it off, Cobb posted a photo of the ring on Facebook. Their post said “LEY 73” and the number 432 were on the ring. A circle, around the image of a sailor on the ring, is inscribed “Recruit Training Command Great Lakes Illinois.”
Several people posted to Cobb's Facebook thread, saying it appeared to be a Navy Boot Camp graduation ring from Company 432 based at the Naval Training Center in Great Lakes, Illinois. The letters LEY were believed to be the ring owner's initials, with the number 73 standing for the year 1973.
Cobb posted they learned the manufacturer's records only went back four years. A separate post from them Monday, December 8 indicated they were still working to find the owner of the ring.
Art by the author
[Mystery] [Crime Drama] [Adventure] [Rated T-13]
I'm tempted to make a joke about a plot point so I'll just leave it at this… fear the doctor. Doctor who? You'll find out next time on The Maddox Family! ~ Pre-reader Tom
Author: Another Terrible Author
Description: Ten months after solving the Nighthowler Conspiracy, crime in Zootopia has reached an all-time low. However, chaos ensues when a string of kidnappings, conducted by a cult following the mysterious criminal known only as Maddox, takes Zootopia by storm. With the ZPD left clueless, Nick and Judy take matters into their own hands, but learn that that's what the Family wanted all along…
The Maddox Family
Additional Tags: Are Nick and Judy pawns in someone else's game, or players?
Table of contents after the break.
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
French radio station 'Europe 1' has released a transcript of the conversation that Karim Benzema held with a childhood friend, during which the Real Madrid striker told them how they tried to convince Mathieu Valbuena to negotiate in order to stop the alleged sex tape, in which they appear, from going public.
Every call made by the three blackmailers was recorded by investigators, as were those made by Benzema.
The 20-minute conversation happened on 6th October whilst training with France in Clairefontaine.
Benzema told their friend that they had told Valbuena: "If you want the video to be destroyed, my friend will go and see you in Lyon", before adding: "I don't think he's taking us seriously". The France striker then told them that Valbuena first thought it was all a joke.
Benzema then explained how they tried telling their international teammate that the threat was real. "I told him: 'I can help you out. You have to see this guy. You have my word that there are no more copies'", Benzema told their friend. Later, they continued to outline the conversation with Valbuena: "If you want the video to be destroyed, my friend will go and see you in Lyon and you can sort it out with them directly".
"But can you see my tattoos in the video?", Valbuena asked Benzema. The Lyon striker wanted to know whether Benzema had seen the video too. "You can see everything", replied the Real Madrid man, who told Valbuena that they had seen the video "a week before joining up with France".
Benzema said that Valbuena then panicked and they had told him: "You can do whatever you want. Ok, If you don't want to pay, it's your life but I have warned you".
Track down mobile devices' location online free of charge by cell tower triangulation using LAC (Location Area Code) and Cell ID from PC or Smartphone, no GPS required. I now am proud to announce that Profone GSM tracker is used by some global 500 companies, police departments and various APP developers for both Android and iPhone OS.
Got LAC in Hexadecimal? Try the converter. Make converts between GPS coordinates and address, try this. Cell tower statistics can be found here!
Profone GSM tracker is an online location service based on cell tower triangulation technology which uses MCC, MNC, LAC and CellID to determine the position of a mobile device.
What is MCC
MCC stands for mobile country code, it's an unique three-digit code assigned and managed by ITU to identify the country which a mobile subscriber belongs. For example, MCC 310 is used by US.
What is MNC
MNC stands for mobile network code, this unique 2 or 3-digit code is used to identify a carrier together with MCC. For example, you see 310-090, you know it's AT&T in the USA.
What is LAC
LAC stands for location area code, it's used by carriers to identify a location area where the cell towers are located. However it's not unique, different countries and carriers could have the same LAC. In general, you know MCC, MNC and LAC, you could know the approximate location of a cell phone.
What is Cell ID
Cell ID is used to identify a base transceiver station within a LAC. A cell tower could have more than one (1) cell id. You know a Cell ID, you know the location of a cell phone. You know more than 3 cell towers, you can pinpoint a cell phone.
How accurate is my GSM tracker
It depends on how many cell towers you can find in your area. In general, the density is higher in the urban areas especially at downtown. While in rural areas, where there are fewer cell towers, the result is less accurate. I have done a few tests in area where I could find more than three (3) cell towers, the margin of error is within 30 meters upon using my improved algorithm.
Profone GSM tracker now has over 40 million of cell towers in database exclude China, it supports GSM, CDMA, UMTS and LTE base stations.
What's new!! Now you can view the neighboring cell towers if there's more than one base station found in that area. More info here.
What's New!! Upon some hardware and software uprade and optimizations, I am able to increase the speed for all users. According to my test, the page load time has been reduced dramatically by up to 2/3.
At its height in 2009, then Majority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) presided over 257-member Democratic majority in the lower chamber of Congress. By January of this year, the Democratic caucus in the House will consist of fewer than 190 members. Despite this record of failure, House Democrats reelected 74-year-old member of congress on Tuesday to serve another term as their party's minority leader.
“Pelosi was unopposed in the election and earned broad support from the Democratic Caucus despite grumbling from some lawmakers that Democrats needed a new message to excite voters after a devastating Election Day loss,” Politico reported.
It is interesting to learn that the party which has staked much of its reputation on the fictitious “War on Women” has not done much “grumbling” over the way in which their freshly legitimized leader treated one of their own members.
During caucus meetings last week, Rep. Tammy Duckworth (D-IL), a heavily pregnant double amputee who lost both legs serving their country overseas, asked to be allowed to vote in leadership and ranking member elections via a proxy vote. They claimed that their condition prevented them from traveling from Illinois to Washington D.C.
Duckworth was refused.
“The caucus chose not to allow me to vote via proxy,” a deflated Duckworth said in a statement. “I respect the process and very much appreciated my colleagues who made sure my request was considered.”
In comments which would have set the collective hair of the nation's eternally aggrieved gender warriors alight had they been uttered by a man, Pelosi said they did not fully understand what “all the fuss” was about.
“You're going to establish a situation where you're going to determine who has a note from the doctor that's valid,” Pelosi said, “it's really a place we shouldn't go down.”
Pelosi added that their decision to refuse Duckworth a proxy vote “shouldn't be confused with not having family and medical leave,” but their decision shouldn't be confused with the proper observance of process either. As Politico reported, the minority leader's move was more likely a power play aimed at silencing an opponent of one of their political allies.
But the decision was quickly criticized as political because of a contentious ranking member race. Duckworth backs Rep. Frank Pallone (D-NJ) in their race against Rep. Anna Eshoo for the top Democratic spot on the Energy and Commerce Committee. Pelosi is Eshoo's highest profile supporter and the race is expected to be close.
Where are all the garment-rending gender studies majors, many of whom had fits over a space scientist's shirt last week, when a true national hero and a member of Congress is denied their rights as a working woman in order to advance one of Nancy Pelosi's many petty political grievances? The answer to this question is so painfully obvious that it is no wonder Time Magazine found that a majority of the public would like to bury the word “feminist” for all time (an unpleasant discovery for which they were made to apologize by the small but influential minority of those who disagreed).
“It is time to do away with workplace policies that belong in a Mad Men episode,” President Barack Obama insisted in this year's State of the Union address. Apparently, their fellow Democrats didn't get the message.
Washington And The World Will the Real Rand Paul Please Stand Up? The Kentucky senator is trying to tell us he's not an isolationist. That dog won't hunt.
Rick Santorum, a former U.S. senator from Pennsylvania from 1995-2007, is chairperson of Patriot Voices and author of Blue Collar Conservatives.
Rand Paul insists he's not an “isolationist.” Writing this week in TIME, they say, “I look at the world, and consider war, realistically and constitutionally.”
But in reality, the Kentucky senator has advanced a brand of neo-isolationism and appeasement that is as short-sighted as it has mistaken. Despite their recent, and frantic efforts to recast themselves as not completely ridiculous on national security issues, the truth is their record often puts them in league with Barack Obama—or even to the president's left. Anyone who truly cares about American liberty at home must not ignore real enemies and rising threats abroad. Rather, we must confront such challenges wisely and decisively to protect American lives, our economy and our allies.
Story Continued Below
They may be changing their tune now, but they can't hide from their record. Senator Paul has long been wrong and far out of the mainstream on three key matters – Iran, the Islamic State and Israel. Let's look at each in turn.
Iran: Senator Paul now says “all options are on the table” when it comes to preventing Iran from developing nuclear weapons. But few believe they are serious.
In a radio interview in 2007, while helping their father, isolationist Rep. Ron Paul, run for president, Rand actually denied that Iran is a threat to the United States or Israel. They did so despite the fact that the U.S. government designated Iran a “state sponsor of terrorism” as far back as 1984. “Even our own intelligence community consensus opinion now is that they [Iran] are not a threat,” Rand said. “Like my dad says, [the Iranians] don't have an Air Force, they don't have a Navy. You know, it's ridiculous to think they're a threat to our national security…. It's not even that viable to say they're a national threat to Israel.”
In September 2012, the U.S. Senate voted 90 to 1 in support of Joint Resolution 41 to advance a firm American policy “to prevent the Government of the Islamic Republic of Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapons capability,” a policy that “urges continued and increasing economic and diplomatic pressure on …I ran,” and one that “warns that time is limited to prevent … Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapons capability.” The authors specifically noted: “nothing in this resolution shall be construed as an authorization for the use of force or a declaration of war.” The focus was exclusively on urging the Obama administration to increase diplomatic and economic pressure on Iran. The resolution was even non-binding.
Nevertheless, this was all too much for Senator Paul, who chose to be the only member of the U.S. Senate to vote against it.
In February 2013, Sen. Paul delivered a disturbing speech at the Heritage Foundation in which they urged leaders in Washington to seriously consider a policy of “containing” a nuclear-armed Iran, rather than focusing like a laser on preventing the Islamic Republic from building or acquiring nuclear warheads.
“Containment,” Paul said, “should be discussed as an option.” This, however, put them to the left of President Obama, who has said, “Iran's leaders should understand that I do not have a policy of containment. I have a policy to prevent Iran from obtaining a nuclear weapon.”
In January 2014, Senator Paul sided with President Obama in opposing the passage of new economic sanctions on Iran, further evidence they would rather appease the mullahs in Tehran than ratchet up pressure on them to give up their illegal and dangerous nuclear program. “I think while they [the Iranians] are negotiating – and if we can see they're negotiating in good faith – I don't think it's a good idea to pass sanctions,” Paul told CNN.
The Islamic State: Earlier this summer, Paul questioned in the Wall Street Journal whether there was any good reason for the U.S. military to stop or even slow down the Islamic State's jihadist offensive in Iraq. They did so despite the fact that ISIL, as it is commonly known, has been slaughtering Muslims and Christians across the region. Yet they saw no serious threat to the American people from ISIL and could not bring themselves to support the use of U.S. airpower to help our Arab and Kurdish allies defeat ISIL and prevent the establishment of a radical Islamic caliphate. What's more, they continued to argue that it is in part the GOP's fault that Iraq is fast becoming the epicenter of terrorism.
ISTANBUL (Reuters) - A Twitter account behind a string of leaks in a Turkish corruption scandal has posted what it presented as prosecution files accusing former government ministers of involvement with an Iranian business person in a bribery and smuggling racket.
Turkey's Prime Minister Tayyip Erdoğan addresses the crowd during an opening ceremony of a new metro line in Ankara March 13, 2014. REUTERS/Umit Bektas
The posting late on Thursday is the latest blow to Prime Minister Tayyip Erdoğan in a corruption scandal which has grown into one of the biggest challenges of their 11-year rule, and which they say is orchestrated by their political enemies to undermine them weeks ahead of important local elections.
Reuters could not verify the authenticity of the documents.
The Twitter account using the pseudonym @HARAMZADELER333 posted links to two documents, purportedly prepared by prosecutors and based on police files, from a long-running investigation that became public on December 17 with a series of dawn raids.
Former interior minister Muammer Guler, former economy minister Zafer Caglayan and former environment minister Erdoğan Bayraktar each saw a son detained in those raids. All three resigned just over a week later.
Former EU minister Egemen Bagis was replaced in a reshuffle.
The former ministers, all named in the documents, have denied any wrongdoing. They could not immediately be reached for further comment on Friday.
The first 299-page dossier contains what it says are wiretap transcripts, surveillance photographs and other documents it cites as evidence of a “criminal organization” facilitating Iranian money transfers via gold smuggling and other forms of trade, including supposedly of food and medicine.
Iranian business person Reza Zarrab is presented as the ringleader, with three of the former ministers, two of their sons, the former general manager of state-run lender Halkbank and other Turkish officials alleged to have been involved in facilitating their activities.
Zarrab's lawyer Seyda Yildirim said they could not comment because investigations were ongoing. Former Halkbank general manager Suleyman Aslan, also detained on December 17 but released last month, could not be reached. Halkbank, which has repeatedly said its Iran dealings are entirely lawful, declined to comment.
U.S. officials have sought to prevent Turkish gold exports from providing a financial lifeline to Tehran, which has been largely frozen out of the global banking system by Western sanctions over its disputed nuclear program.
Turkey has bought natural gas and oil from Iran through an indirect system whereby Iranian exporters received payment in Halkbank lira accounts and used that money to buy gold. The bulk of that gold is then shipped from Turkey to Dubai, where Iran could import it or sell it for foreign currency.
GOLD SMUGGLING
Turkish officials and foreign diplomats have repeatedly said that Turkey's energy and gold trade with Iran does not in itself breach international sanctions or contravene any laws.
But the purported prosecution dossier paints a picture of a network of bribery and smuggling around the trade itself.
In one example in the document, wiretapped phone calls between Zarrab and Caglayan's office are cited as showing how Caglayan intervened on Zarrab's request to prevent the seizure at Istanbul's Ataturk airport of a plane from Ghana carrying 1.5 tonnes of gold bullion without proper documentation.
Halkbank's Aslan is described in the prosecution document as actively involved in advising Zarrab on other ways of handling Iranian payments when the gold trade came under tighter scrutiny.
A commentary on parts of the evidence in the dossier said Guler had aided Zarrab by facilitating Turkish passports for them and their associates and by reassigning a police officer who grew suspicious about Zarrab's activities. Surveillance photographs in the dossier meanwhile purport to show Zarrab's associates delivering a shoebox of cash to Bagis.
Wiretap recordings purportedly of conversations between Zarrab and one of their associates are also cited as evidence that Guler wrote letters of reference to two Chinese banks vouching for Zarrab's activities, after their businesses in China started running into difficulties.
“Soon enough half of the cabinet is going to vouch for us,” one of Zarrab's close associates is quoted as saying in the transcript of a telephone conversation.
Former environment minister Bayraktar is named in the second 32-page document, which details separate allegations of corruption in the approval of construction projects in Istanbul. Construction magnate Ali Agaoglu, also named in that dossier, told Reuters they had not read the file and declined to comment.
PARLIAMENT TO RECONVENE
Police files on the four ex-ministers were sent to parliament in late February, where a summary would usually be read aloud to deputies. However, the assembly went into recess ahead of March 30 municipal elections period shortly afterwards and the files have been kept under lock and key ever since.
Parliament speaker Cemil Cicek, a senior member of Erdoğan's AK Party, said parliament would reconvene for an extraordinary session on March 19 after the main opposition party demanded it be recalled to hear the allegations.
Erdoğan has cast the graft investigation as a plot to smear them by Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen, a U.S.-based former ally with influence in Turkey's police and judiciary.
Erdoğan's advisers have said Gulen's network illegally tapped thousands of phones, including the prime minister's, over years to blackmail and concoct criminal cases as part of a campaign of covert influence over the state.
Gulen and their followers have denied orchestrating the corruption investigation or conspiring against the government.
The scandal has shown little sign so far of seriously weakening Erdoğan ahead of the municipal elections. They remain fiercely popular in the conservative Anatolian heartlands for overseeing a decade of rising prosperity in Turkey, with most of the country's electoral map AK Party orange.
Warning: The video above contains vulgar language.
HACKENSACK -- Irish singer-songwriter Sinead O' Connor posted a troubling video to their Facebook page Thursday, detailing their recent struggles with mental illness from a motel in what they describe as "the arse end of New Jersey."
PageSix.com reports O'Connor is staying at a Travelodge motel in Hackensack, while undergoing psychiatric treatment for "three mental illnesses."
Through tears the 50-year-old singer best known for their 1990 hit "Nothing Compares 2 U" laments the fact that they are alone and has been abandoned by their family.
"I'm really sad, I shouldn't be here and I know I'm just one of millions ... that should be our f***ing catchphrase -- why are we alone?"
O'Connor, who has said they suffer from bipolar disorder and has reportedly threatened suicide before, also discusses the separation from their youngest two children Shane and Yeshua (born in 2004 and 2006).
They speak of arguments with unidentified men "who've got my kids, you know, and I can't get anywhere near, and they're not even fighting for the kids' sake."
Earlier in the 12-minute video, O'Connor says that due to their mental illness, no one validates their feelings and treats them unfairly.
"I want everyone to know what it's like, that's why I'm making this video," they say.
Bobby Olivier may be reached at bolivier@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @BobbyOlivier and Facebook. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
ALLEN PARK, Mich. – Every Saturday during the season, we try to answer a question or two for a Lions Mailbag. To submit a question for a future Mailbag, use the hashtag #LionsMailbag on Twitter, email me at michael.rothstein@espn.com or ask away on Facebook.
Now to today's question.
Why doesn't Abdullah get any carries on 3rd down? — Kris Schilling (@HawkeyeLions) November 2, 2017
This, to me, was an incredibly interesting question. Ameer Abdullah, clearly Detroit's top running back, has 101 carries this season. He's gained 369 yards. Though their 3.65 yards per carry is the lowest of their career, the 24-year-old is still Detroit's most productive rusher, more than a half-yard ahead of Dwayne Washington and Theo Riddick.
And yet the Lions have not used them on third down at all this season. They have five snaps on third down, all passing plays. On three they ran routes and the other two they pass-blocked. They have no carries on third down.
This, as Kris pointed out, is pretty weird. So I asked Lions coach Jim Caldwell about it.
“It just depends on the situation, and we use our guys where we think they fit in particular games,” Caldwell said. “There may be some games where they may get some. There may be other games that they don't.
“So, we don't necessarily limit it to what they do consistently across the board. End of the year? Let's talk about it at that time.”
But through almost half of the season, Abdullah hasn't been used there. Meanwhile, Riddick has rushed four times for 10 yards on third down. Zach Zenner has three carries for 16 yards. Washington has four carries for 9 yards.
It's not as if Abdullah has not had success there in the past (albeit in a limited sample). Before this season, Abdullah has had five third-down carries for 60 yards. Two of those runs went for more than 20 yards.
Meanwhile, Riddick's career on third down is 16 carries for 64 yards; Zenner nine for 22 and Washington nine for 17.
Abdullah didn't seem to think about it much, though, when they were asked about it.
“No, man. Statistics, you can break them down to make anything look a certain way,” they said. “But for me, I haven't really thought about that intuitively about not having a carry on third down.”
When Lions offensive coordinator Jim Bob Cooter was asked about Abdullah's lack of third down carries, they called it "situation." But when they were pressed on the reasoning behind it, they essentially said Riddick is a better pass-catching back.
"Well, Ameer traditionally doesn't play a lot on third downs," Cooter said. We're doing a lot of passing in the league. The league is very high-percentage pass on third down. That's true of us as well. So we're throwing the ball a whole lot. We're doing a lot of route-related things. We're doing a lot of protection-related things. Theo is quite good at that and some of our other backs have done a really nice job at some of those things.
"So on third down, like the rest of the league, we throw the ball a very high percentage of the time, so there are not a lot of runs to go around. When there are, some of the guys who are in there tend to get them."
When asked if that meant if Cooter felt Washington and Zenner are better pass-catching backs than Abdullah, Cooter said "I'm not into rating guys in the media."
Ameer Abdullah is the Lions' leading rusher by a good distance, but he's not gotten the call in the red zone that much or on third down at all. AP Photo/Bruce Kluckhohn
Abdullah seemed more concern about the red zone work -- or lack thereof -- by any running back. Abdullah has seven red zone carries this season for 2 yards and a touchdown. Other backs haven't had much more success. Overall, the Lions have 19 red zone rushes for 27 yards. The 19 carries rank 27th in the NFL. The 27 yards rank 28th, as does the 1.42 yards per rush.
In other words, like the rest of the run game, it hasn't been good. How can the Lions solve it?
“Red zone rushing,” Abdullah said. “Call them, for one. Two, execute them when they are called. Three, score.”
Abdullah's only rushing touchdown this season came in the red zone, as have both of the Lions' rushing touchdowns. When asked if Abdullah felt they could handle that role, they said simply, “Why not.” Then they said they have not asked the coaches about it or told them he'd like more work closer to the goal line or on third down. Cooter said Friday they use Washington in goal-line situations because of "size, power, things like that." When asked why Abdullah wasn't used in those situations, they said "same answer."
“Hey, I'm never going to tell the coaches what to do,” Abdullah said. “I mean, their job is to design, to put us in the best situations. My job is to execute under any circumstance. It doesn't matter if they call me a toss play with no blocking in front of me, I've got to do my best. I'm never going to tell the coaches what we should or shouldn't do.”
Which goes back to Caldwell, specifically with third downs.
Going back through their time as an offensive coordinator and head coach in the NFL, he's used their lead back on third down at least a fair amount of the time. Prior to Abdullah, the Lions split carries with Reggie Bush and Joique Bell. In their two years under Caldwell, Bell had 17 red zone carries for 74 yards. In an injury-hampered 2014, Bush had five red zone carries for 35 yards.
In Caldwell's two years with the Ravens -- we'll give them the full year in Baltimore even though it was only half of the year they were coordinator in 2012 -- Ray Rice had 29 red zone carries for 97 yards and Bernard Pierce 15 red zone carries for 62 yards.
During Caldwell's three seasons in Indianapolis, lead back Joseph Addai had 38 red zone rushes for 134 yards. Their usual No. 2, Donald Brown, had 30 for 115 yards.
So Abdullah's lack of third-down usage appears to be singular -- although it should be noted that Addai had only eight red zones carries in 2011 for 23 yards, so it's possible Abdullah could reach that mark. The lack of usage up to now is somewhat baffling and tough to explain. Considering Detroit's run-game struggles, there's no reason for the Lions to not try Abdullah there in the future. It definitely couldn't hurt.
Washington (CNN) The Trump administration is looking to buy itself time on a decision on a popular program that protects young undocumented immigrants, especially amid the extensive destruction of Hurricane Harvey.
The White House is looking at whether the state attorneys general who are pushing for a decision on the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program would be willing to extend their deadline of September 5 for action from Trump, according to multiple sources familiar with the matter.
Asked Thursday about the latest on the program, White House press secretary Sarah Sanders told reporters the administration was still mulling options.
"In terms of DACA, echoing again on what Tom (Bossert) said earlier, final decision on that front has not been made and when it is, we will certainly inform everybody in this room," Sanders said.
They also wouldn't say whether a decision would come by the ultimatum deadline.
"I'm not going to get ahead of something and be presumptuous when a decision hasn't been made," Sanders said. "It would be disingenuous for me to create a false timeline ... That hasn't been fully reviewed and vetted and decided."
Meanwhile in a sign that conversations were heating up, a source familiar said Department of Homeland Security officials were called into meetings at the White House Thursday afternoon.
There is concern about the optics of announcing a decision amid the devastating effects of Hurricane Harvey in Texas, as well as an already packed legislative month ahead for Congress.
"Harvey has changed the calculus on a lot of this stuff," a source familiar with the deliberations said.
Trump is weighing their options on the protections for the nearly 800,000 young undocumented immigrants under DACA, which gave young undocumented immigrants who had come to the United States as children the chance to work and study in the country without fear of deportation.
One source told CNN that White House chief of staff John Kelly is among those officials advocating for such a delay to make a decision on what to do with the Obama-era program. Kelly has long been supportive of the program in their former position as head of the Department of Homeland Security, which administers DACA.
But Kelly has also warned Congress that legal advisers believe the states' court challenge would have a good chance of ending the program, urging lawmakers to come up with their own fix.
The sources did not say whether Trump will listen to Kelly on the issue, as the President has come under tremendous pressure from inside the White House and from outside groups to end the DACA program. Since Trump took office and allowed the program to continue, their far right base has agitated for them to keep a campaign promise to end it.
Sources on the Hill increasingly believe Trump is leaning toward ending renewals and new applicants to the program, and a source familiar has said the White House is considering that option.
Hill sources say they don't expect a DACA fix to emerge right away when Congress reconvenes next month, even if Trump scraps the program immediately before they return. But any end to the program would put pressure on both sides to reach a compromise.
Worry about optics
The administration has pushed to come up with a solution by the deadline, holding meetings with Justice Department and Homeland Security officials on it. But the White House would prefer to have the nation's attention focused on Harvey and cleanup and recovery efforts rather than a DACA decision right now, according to a source familiar with deliberations.
According to the source, they realize the optics of making a call on DACA would be unhelpful. In addition, the legislative calendar is already packed for September and the White House is not eager to pile more on top of that.
The administration also doesn't want its DACA decision to be executed purely via executive order, the source said -- they are hoping for some kind of legislative solution.
Furthermore, as the program is administered by DHS, it would fall to the agency to explain and handle the implementation of any Trump decision at the very time it is coordinating Hurricane Harvey clean-up.
As the White House deliberates on its path forward, agency officials have largely been in the dark on what the plans may be, meaning any preparations for a decision have had to be speculative.
A fluid deadline?
The September 5 date was set in an ultimatum by 10 state attorneys general, led by Texas, to put pressure on the administration to sunset DACA. But inaction by Trump doesn't necessarily mean that the program will disappear on that date.
The officials aren't threatening a new lawsuit against DACA -- yet. At issue is Texas v. US, a longtime case challenging a similar program to DACA that would have protected parents and an expansion of DACA. That program was blocked by the courts, never taking effect.
The Texas case went before the Supreme Court, which deadlocked 4-4 in 2016 after the death of Justice Antonin Scalia. That sent it back to lower courts.
The case has essentially been on pause since November to allow for the new administration to take over. It's been stayed several times since then, at the request of attorneys.
In July, Texas asked the court to continue a stay on the case until September 5, "to allow the parties additional time to attempt to resolve this matter without further litigation."
The legal maneuvering gives the administration a few ways to buy some time. If they cannot convince Texas to agree to another stay, there still will be filings back and forth about whether the lawsuit can even be amended to include DACA, and the Justice Department could fight Texas' effort and try to force them to file a fresh lawsuit.
Well, here we are. After six busy months, one beta and a bunch of minor changes, the final stable release of Ubuntu 15.04 is now ready for you to download.
Also Read: 10 Things To Do After Installing Ubuntu 15.04
Only a modest set of improvements are rolling out with Ubuntu 15.04 Vivid Vervet. While this means the release can't rival the heavy change-logs of releases past, the adage ‘don't fix what isn't broke' is clearly one the Vervet plays to.
The bug fixes, improvements in usability and a fresh serving of software updates add up to a somewhat substantive total, creating a release that feels more polished than ever.
Enough chatter. Let's dive in and see what's new in Ubuntu 15.04.
Ubuntu 15.04 – New Features
Systemd
‘You may notice a change in boot speed [because of Systemd]…'
The headline change in Ubuntu 15.04 is the introduction of the Systemd init system at boot-time.
This is the software that initializes (hence the name ‘init') first when booting, and handles loading of the various modules and background processes that make much of a modern computer operating system do what it needs to.
Ubuntu previously used Upstart, its own custom-made Init system, at boot time. When Debian, the Linux distribution that Ubuntu is built upon, chose to adopt Systemd Ubuntu understandably fell in line.
Upstart is available in 15.04. It's included as a fallback in GRUB and is used for controlling user sessions.
The merits (or lack thereof) of the switch are largely moot for the less technically minded. It is possible that some users will notice a slight change in boot speed depending on their configuration.
Unity 7.3
The Unity desktop environment used by default in Ubuntu 15.04 receives a handful of small refinements, most of which aim to either fix bugs or correct missteps in earlier versions.
For example, application menus can now be set to ‘Always Show'.
Yeah; you no longer have to push your mouse to the top of the screen to show the ‘File', ‘Edit', ‘Help', etc menus — not if you don't want to.
If you prefer having your applications menus available inside application windows use the toggle in System Settings > Appearance > Behaviour to set things up how you like.
These “locally integrated menus”, introduced in 14.10, also support the ‘Always Show' feature and showing up on mouseover of unfocused windows.
Other improvements to Unity in Vivid Vervet include a fix for showing the overlay elements (HUD, Dash, etc) over fullscreen windows and small adjustments to the speed of login and logout animations.
Compiz 0.9.12
Powering the Unity desktop experience is Compiz, the tried-and-trusted window manager. In keeping with the rest of this release the changes it gets are modest and made up of bug fixes and compatibility with alternative desktop environments.
Ubuntu Linux Kernel 3.19
While not based on the latest version of the Linux Kernel Ubuntu 15.04 ships with a modified version of 3.19.3 one. Expect a few updates to the most recent 3.19.x patch releases shortly after release.
Application Updates
You'll also find updated versions many of Ubuntu's default apps, including the latest Firefox web-browser and Thunderbird e-mail client, a new version of the Rhythmbox music player plus an entirely revamped Totem video player.
LibreOffice 4.4
Firefox 37
Thunderbird 31.6
Shotwell 0.20.2
Nautilus 3.14.2
Evince 3.14.2
Rhythmbox 3.1
Totem 3.14.1
GNOME Terminal 3.14
New Default Wallpaper
Ubuntu's default wallpaper choice is irrelevant to some, integral to others. Whatever side of the fence you sit on the new wallpaper is palatable enough. After all: first impressions count.
Expect to see this new design flash up in various ‘Ubuntu in the wild' posts over the next six months!
Ubuntu Make
Having been formally introduced in last October's release the ‘Ubuntu Developer Tools Center' has undergone a number of changes for Vivid, including being renamed as the more memorable ‘Ubuntu Make'.
Ubuntu Make simplifies the process of installing a host of developer-focused tools, editors, libraries and software development kits including the Android SDK, IDEA, PyCharm, and the new Firefox Developer Edition.
Improvements to the way library managers behave now allows multiple system libraries to be run/used without conflict.
Our Vivid Verdict
‘Ubuntu 15.04 shines… a glowing example of a desktop that just works for users'
Ubuntu 15.04 is yet another solid entry in the distribution's long release history. A dependable desktop operating system suited for end users but with plenty of convenient extras to woo developers with.
Though the Unity 7 desktop is largely mothballed as work progresses on the new converged experience with Unity 8, the modest refinements received here buff the experience. Unity in Ubuntu 15.04 shines brighter, a glowing example of a desktop that ‘just works' for users.
With a support period of just nine months and many of the Unity improvements on show being backported to Ubuntu 14.04 LTS, the case for upgrading is weakened.
But for fans who like running the latest version and for developers in need of the latest packages and libraries to work with, Ubuntu 15.04 Vivid Vervet offers few drawbacks, plenty of positives.
Download Ubuntu 15.04 ‘Vivid Vervet'
Looking for Ubuntu 15.04 downloads? .ISO images are available to download direct from Canonical through your browser
Download Ubuntu 15.04 Vivid Vervet
Alternatively, you may get your download faster by using the torrents below.
Ubuntu 15.04 Desktop (64bit) Torrent Ubuntu 15.04 Desktop (32bit) Torrent
To upgrade Ubuntu 14.10 to Ubuntu 15.04 you'll need to be patient; you'll get a notification prompt asking if you want to upgrade at some point in the next 24 to 48 hours. You can check for the update from the command line (in 14.10) by using;
sudo do-release-upgrade
Ubuntu 14.04 LTS users will need to manually opt in to non-LTS releases in the ‘Software & Updates > Updates' tab to see the prompt.
Say "Hello" to Adele and goodbye to Taylor Swift.
Adele's brand-new music video for their first single in years, "Hello," debuted Friday to rave reviews and mounting views—so many, in fact, that it surmounted Swift's record-breaking music video "Bad Blood" for most views in the first 24 hours. Adele may have taken a hiatus from breaking pop records, but this recent news indicates the 27-year-old Grammy winner hasn't lost their midas touch.
While the supermodel-minted "Bad Blood" peaked at a whopping 20.1 million views in its first 24 hours, the British mum's sepia ballad (featuring 90210's Dixon Wilson Tristan Wilds) bumped it aside with a viral 27.7 million views and counting in its first day alone.
While Swift debuted their four minute mini film at the start of the 2015 Billboard Music Awards, Adele opted for a less star-studded British occasion—a 30-second teaser clip that aired during a commercial break for the UK's X Factor. Still, it did the trick, revving up anticipation that exploded early the following Friday morning.
Mayor Rob Ford has again committed a likely breach of city rules by publicly discussing confidential matters — though their target says they didn't have their facts straight.
At a Thursday news conference, Ford accused Councillor Maria Augimeri, a Toronto Community Housing board member, of being the one person who voted to fire chief executive Gene Jones at a closed-door meeting Thursday.
Augimeri is Ford's own designate on the TCHC board. But they are facing a tough re-election battle against conservative Gus Cusimano, whom Ford has strongly endorsed.
“I completely disagree with Maria Augimeri voting against it, to remove him; that's disturbing to me. They don't want to be on the board, we'll find someone else who does want to be on the board. They were the dissenting vote…I don't know, I was just told it was 12 to 1 and they were the dissenting vote,” Ford said.
Augimeri said that is incorrect.
Ryanair boss Michael O'Leary has rubbished the UK government's claims it will secure favourable trade deals post-Brexit, insisting Britain will be “screwed” in negotiations.
The outspoken anti-Brexit campaigner said most of the British cabinet did not have a clue what Brexit would look like, and described predictions of positive agreements as “arrogant nonsense”.
“I have no faith in the politicians in London going on about how ‘the world will want to trade with us'. The world will want to screw you – that's what happens in trade talks. They have no interest in giving the UK a deal on trade.”
Mr O'Leary also outlined how Ryanair was to expand its operations at Belfast International Airport with another aircraft and by adding 10 routes.
They said the new routes from the North were likely to deliver 1.1 million additional passengers each year, which in turn would support 800 jobs at Belfast International Airport.
However, Mr O'Leary also said the Brexit decision could cost the North further investment.
Scaled back
In Belfast on Tuesday for the launch of Ryanair's summer 2017 schedule, Mr O'Leary took another opportunity to criticise the Northern Ireland Executive for failing to act on airport passenger duty, a tax charged on every air passenger departing from a UK airport.
They said if the Executive had scrapped the duty instead of giving the Derry airport £7 million of financial support then Ryanair would not be planning to remove flights from Derry next year and could have potentially doubled the number of passengers flying with Ryanair to the North.
Mr O'Leary also castigated the Executive for the £9 million package it agreed with American airline United to safeguard the Belfast to New York route. United had threatened to axe the only direct air service between the North and the US during the summer until the Executive stepped in.
Passenger duty
They said the fact two million passengers from the North chose to travel to Dublin to fly from an airport in the Republic – where there is no equivalent duty – underlined their case.
During their visit to Belfast they also caught up with local business leaders at the Confederation of British Industry's annual lunch at Titanic Belfast, where they predicted that any hopes of positive UK trade deals were likely to fare as well as the ill-fated ship that sailed from Belfast.
Today as we all settle into the New Year 2013, we are busy, motivated, perhaps even overwhelmed at all that we need to do and want to accomplish in the days and months ahead! As you rev-up to achieve your personal goals this year, I suggest that you consider how collaboration can help you in all areas of your life to attain the fulfillment and progress you are hoping for in 2013. In my role as Executive Director of The Daniel Jordan Fiddle Foundation, that I have now had for over a decade, collaboration has been the key to our organization's effectiveness and progress.
In that spirit, I from time to time to feature in this BLOG the writings and thoughts of individuals on the spectrum and others who are making a difference and whom I feel will inspire you in your own journey. Recently, I received the following blog post from an adult individual named Daniel who lives with Autism…
The Gift of Asperger's by Daniel Wendler
For many people, a diagnosis of Asperger's feels crippling.
And I'm not going to lie – having Asperger's does bring many challenges. It's not easy to manually learn all of the nuances of social interaction, especially when the rest of the world expects you to know all those things automatically. But having Asperger's also brings many strengths. And I believe those strengths hold the key to overcome the challenges of Asperger's. When I was diagnosed with Asperger's 10 years ago, I was lonely, shy, and awkward.Today, I am confident, comfortable in social situations, and blessed with many deep friendships. I even run a website – www.ImproveYourSocialSkills.com – to help others achieve social success.
How was I able to achieve this? It was because of my Asperger's, not despite it! When I received my diagnosis, I was presented with a list of social skills that people with Asperger's often lack. This list sparked an epiphany in me. I realized that my social struggles were not because of something fundamentally wrong with me. I was struggling socially because I lacked social skills (makes sense, right?) Although some people are more naturally gifted socially than others, everyone can improve, and everyone can achieve social success. Improvement looks different for different people, and “social success” will mean something different for you than it will for me. But it's possible to learn, and to improve. I wasn't doomed to a life of awkwardness (and neither is anyone else).
When I realized this, I set to work. I devoured books on relationships, etiquette, conversation, body language — anything I could get my hands on. I started to debrief social interactions with my parents and figure out what I could have done better. I made a deliberate effort to go out of my comfort zone to meet new people and make new friends.My hard work paid off. I learned to survive socially, and then to thrive. I learned to make friends, and then how to be a good friendSocial interaction will always be a second language to me. But I am now fluent in that language. My Asperger's has not been “cured,” but I have learned to thrive. The funny thing is, I never could have overcome the challenges of Asperger's without the strengths of Asperger's! I used my Aspie analytical mind to puzzle through the nuances of social interaction. I used my Aspie determination (some might say stubbornness) to keep studying and practicing even when I was discouraged. I used my Aspie quirkiness and humor to defuse conflict and to find my own voice in social situations.
In every situation, I found that I was using my Aspie strength to overcome the challenges of Asperger's. Looking back, I realize that for every challenge Asperger's has given me, it has given me a greater strength with which to overcome that challenge. And for every strength Asperger's has given me, I have found an opportunity to use that strength to help others.I treasure the moments when my calm rationality allows me to be a solid rock to a friend in crisis, or when my Aspie humor draws a deep belly laugh from a loved one. I take deep joy in my ability to guide others on the path to social success, and great pride when my Aspie insight allows me to see a solution others might have missed. Looking back, I realize that for every challenge Asperger's has given me, it has given me a greater strength with which to overcome that challenge. And for every strength Asperger's has given me, I have found an opportunity to use that strength to help others.I treasure the moments when my calm rationality allows me to be a solid rock to a friend in crisis, or when my Aspie humor draws a deep belly laugh from a loved one. I take deep joy in my ability to guide others on the path to social success, and great pride when my Aspie insight allows me to see a solution others might have missed. My Asperger's has given me the ability to make an incredible and unique impact on the world, and I truly believe that my Asperger's is a gift. It's a hard gift, to be sure. But I believe that Asperger's invites me into a rich life – a life marked by pain and struggle, yes, but also by strength, by joy, by purpose. For those of you with Asperger's or a similar diagnosis – this rich life belongs to you too. Your road ahead will have challenges, but it will have joy as well.You are the way you are for a reason – you are not broken or wrong, just different. And that difference will equip you to make an incredible impact that only you can make.Your Asperger's is a gift to you, and you are a gift to the world. Cherish that gift, and don't give up.
ABOUT THE BLOGGER: Daniel Wendler is the author of www.ImproveYourSocialSkills.com, a comprehensive online guide to social skills. They were diagnosed with Asperger's as a teenager, and has dedicated themselves to overcoming the challenges of Asperger's and helping others achieve social success. They like people a lot, so if you are a person, they would love to get to know you! Get in touch by visiting www.ImproveYourSocialSkills.com or www.DanielWendler.com
I hope that Daniel's story inspires you, as it is inspires me, to find Joy in the Journey!
CLOSE Minneapolis Mayor Betsy Hodges says they wish police officer Mohamed Noor would make a statement about the fatal shooting of Justine Damond. Hodges says there are questions about why Noor fired their gun, and why body cameras were not activated. (July 19) AP
Minneapolis City Councilman Abdi Warsame said there has been racist blow-back against the Somali-American community after the shooting of Justine Damond. (Photo11: Jason Steussy, KARE-TV, Minneapolis-St. Paul)
MINNEAPOLIS — Amid the calls for justice for the Australian woman killed by a Minneapolis police officer, a Somali leader in the community claims there also has been racist blowback against their community.
"We have a tragedy at hand, and we have a community that's frightened. That's what I want to highlight and that's the reason we're here," said Minneapolis City Councilman Abdi Warsame.
Officer Mohamed Noor, who pulled the trigger and killed Justine Damond, is Somali-American. Damond was white.
More: Minneapolis mayor looks to new police chief amid firestorm over fatal shooting
More: Minneapolis police chief resigns in wake of Australian woman's shooting death
Noor, who has received recognition from the city's mayor, also has two open complaints against him.
Warsame is calling for an end to racism and Islamaphobia that they said has targeted their community since the July 15 shooting — mostly through online and social media comments.
Justine Damond (Photo11: Stephen Govel, AP)
But they specifically called out former U.S. representative Michele Bachmann, for insinuating in a speech last week that Noor may have shot Damond for "cultural reasons." The former Republican member of congress and one-time presidential candidate, represented Minnesota's 6th District.
More: Cop's family implies shooting of Australian woman was a mistake
More: Lawyer: It is 'reasonable' that Minneapolis cops linked to fatal shooting feared ambush
"But when you have someone like Congresswoman Bachman say this was done because they were a Muslim. I mean, I think that's unacceptable," Warsame said.
Nearly a week after the shooting, Minneapolis Police Chief Janee Harteau said the shooting should not have happened. On Friday, they resigned.
After Harteau's resignation, Minneapolis Mayor Betsy Hodges turned to a veteran city cop to help lead the police department.
More: Expert: Body cameras should have recorded Australian woman's shooting
More: Australians, bride-to-be's dad rocked by Minneapolis police shooting
Hodges named Assistant Chief Medaria Arradondo, who is a 28-year veteran of the force from a fifth generation African-American Minnesota family.
In this May 2016 image provided by the City of Minneapolis, police officer Mohamed Noor poses for a photo at a community event welcoming them to the Minneapolis police force. Noor, a Somali-American, has been identified by their attorney as the officer who fatally shot Justine Damond, of Australia on July 15, 2017, after they called 911 to report what they believed to be an active sexual assault. (Photo11: City of Minneapolis, via AP)
Meanwhile, the state Bureau of Criminal Apprehension is nearing the end of its investigation after investigators found and interviewed a bicyclist who stopped and watched officers perform CPR on Damond.
The bureau will then turn the case over to the Hennepin County Attorney to decide whether to charge Noor.
Noor hasn't spoken to the Bureau of Criminal Apprehension. Their attorney hasn't indicated whether they plan to. In a statement, Noor's family implied the shooting was a tragic mistake.
Arradondo has not granted an interview since they were named interim police chief.
The city council will have to approve Arradondo before they can take the title permanently.
Contributing: Aamer Madhani and John Bacon, USA TODAY; Gordon Severson and Dana Thiede, KARE-TV, Minneapolis-St. Paul. Follow Lou Raguse on Twitter: @LouRaguse
More: Australian woman's death at hands of police called homicide
More: Officer accused of shooting Australian 'healer' identified
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2vRJoig
The only way to carry your dice.
The new book is out and with it came only a few surprises at this point. The Farmers, and the new Union pair. For the most part, the other releases have been out, and tested, and opinions are already out there. I'm a long ways from being qualified to tell you how good they are, and aren't. I can give you some impressions if you haven't seen them, but consider this more of a news outlet than the actual no-kidding way to play the game. There are some great podcasts out there for that. Strictly the Worst is helmed by two highly competitive players and Pat, who's there for the human connection. Singled Out and Double Dodged are both Australians with good, confusing hearts and are halfway decent at the game, but both really just play second and third fiddle to Trent Denison, the real skill on the continent. Those are the guys you want to tell you how to play the game.
There are two things I'm not going to cover here. A) The new Farmers. Those guys need an article of their own. B) The new Hunters. Also need an article of their own, but it won't be as exciting as any other article ever.
So, Alchemists. Alchemists got Crucible.
She's got all the same condition damage we're used to seeing with the Alchemists, except they can do both burning and poison. The difference is that they want to do it in melee, and not at range, and they don't put down AOEs like Calculus and Mercury want to. That makes them a questionable choice for Smoke, but the real kicker is just figuring out how to play them in melee.
Brewers got Pintpot.
I've gotten to play Pintpot, and he's fantastic. They fire away into any group they want to, and they act like has 5 INF to do it. They like Tooled Up, they like Commanding Aura, they like all those things and they excel with them. Pintpot isn't afraid of a scrum, at all, and is nice to kind of have around to fire into the enemy's group of dudes while the rest of your Brewers try to build their own proper scrum. Pintpot's just a heat seeking missile out there somewhere. It's great if they can get Commanding Aura, or maybe an extra TAC from Quaff. He's good with, without it. 2” melee on them would be broken, but it's the only thing missing.
In comparison, we have Veteran Ox, or Ox2. Ox2 wants to be like Pintpot, they want to do the same things, but with the 2” melee we all crave. The problem is that they don't have a psuedo 5INF pool like Pintpot can, and in fact, they cap at 3. This is supposed to be covered by the cheaper charge, but if he's already stuck in, it's not a lot of consolation. They also think that they can fight the world simultaneously like Pintpot can, but they have to “Get Stuck In” to do it, which probably wastes one of their three precious INF to do, and if he's in the scrum they want to be in, he's crowded out so it's a good thing “Get Stuck In” is on column 1. They have good damage, good momentum, and great DEF for a 2” melee guy on a 40mm base, but it's almost like the “Get Stuck In” aspect should be ignored. Just let them kill things normally. I have played against him, but not played them personally, and between playing against him, and the reviews I'm getting from the players that have him, they'd rather have Pintpot. Every time.
Locus is one of those players that's going to get played no matter what, simply because their sculpt is amazing. Play wise, I haven't seen them yet, or played him. DEF3/2 w/ reanimate and stoic is great, and a 4/6” kick is always fantastic. Their playbook is solid as momentum and pushing goes, but they aren't killing anyone. They have some interesting character plays, but overall seems like a tank that can kick a ball. He's a tougher statline than Colossus but Colossus has more boxes. Overall though, I'd personally rather see this guy than Hoist, but that's about all I have to say about him.
The Hag, I have seen. They became an auto include in several lists. She's a 2INF farm that can change the state of the game with no INF investment whatsoever. They usually do little more than dodge models around the board, but 2” extra on already fast Fishermen is nuts. She's got 2” Melee and fear, so they take commitment to kill, but once engaged and going, they go down pretty easy. However, the legendary and the talisman mean that whoever you fear the most is going places, or dodging out of melee with you. She's hell on Brewers when they can casually Legendary and shove them all apart. Very much a player to free up the board for their team, but a stiff wind will take them down. A nice note, Red Fury on Rage2 ignores Fear since the enemy model isn't spending an influence to attack, but rather Rage is. Use Red Fury to pop Fear on them and Ghast and then go to town.
Granite is another one I haven't seen yet. Our Mason players kind of dropped off into Season 2 when Hammer wasn't everything they were cracked up to be. Granite reinvents them a little bit, carrying the Brick playstyle a little bit further. Brick already gave them this ability to dare you to attack them and pay the consequences with their 2” melee counter charge, and Granite is no different. She's slower than most mascots but them “Between a Rock…” ability is dangerous and really makes you think twice about going in on a model. On the same token, you can use it to lure them in, but at DEF2/2, is that what you really want? Especially if she's got Tar Pit up. They're interesting, but that's about all I have on them since I haven't faced them yet. She's popular with Masons.
Brainpan and Memory, the really weird guys here. I've played against these guys exactly once. The hordes of Mortician players evaporated in the wake of the Obulus nerf but they're still out there. Memory is odd in that Memory does not actually do anything. No MOV, no ARM, no INF, and it doesn't generate VP when it dies. It dies to a fart, but that accomplishes
almost nothing for you. He's got a 2” dodge at the beginning and that's about it. However, he's TAC5 on a 4 long column that tops out at 4 damage and has a 3//4” kick. So Brainpan runs the Puppet Show (which may also bypass Fear, now that I think about it), which allows Memory to dodge around or Attack, and “Pulling the Strings” lets them kick. This means you can't button Memory down. He'll dodge out consistently, no problem, it's just a matter of how much trouble you can make it be. They're an interesting pair, and it'll be INF intensive to get Memory up the field unless you just 4” dodge them momentously the whole way. He's a hell of a damage dealer though. Very strange models and I'm not sure what to think of them yet.
Then there's my new favorite Captain, Brisket3.
Brisket3, hot on the heels of the Fillet vs. Brisket vote where the Butchers fought hard to show their love for Brisket, who promptly left them for another team. Brisket is an interesting striker, and I've played them several times now. Making me still not an expert. But, she's fun. The weird thing is how much interaction they have with their team. For starters, she's Solthecian, so they give Mist a free 2” Shadowlike dodge, which is stupid. If he's in cover like they should be, between that and the dodge, that's a free 4” move that largely disengages him, and allows them to threaten 14”. Before any boosts like Quicktime from anyone in the Union. Brisket also likes to be near Harry so they can dodge about for free after receiving passes from any of their 3/6” ot 3/8” kickers using “I'm Open”. I haven't even used Route One yet. So far, my opponents have kept the ball farther than 6” away. I haven't used Aplomb yet either. I want to, but it just hasn't come up. It's been “I'm Open” and their text on the back of the card. Them Legendary is good for an easy turn one score, or turn two, or to disengage a dieing model or whatever you need. It's a great tool to be abused. They scores reliably, can easily get screamers, and is just great. They struggle to retrieve a really bunkered ball, but as great as they turn Mist on, they can retrieve the ball a lot easier than they can, and kick it to them as well with “I'm Open”. She's also got Momentous 2 damage on Column 3 which is at least useable with access to Tooled Up, Shelling Out, Singled Out, etc. There are plenty of things they access to in Union that can maker them do some work. Them inherent strength isn't necessarily themselves though, as much as it is that Blackheart or VetRage exist. Brisket3 probably can't carry a team on their own as the only Captain in a 9-man lineup, but when coupled with Rage, they can play ball into killers, and Rage and kill ballers. They cover eachothers weaknesses fairly well.
The last two players to be mentioned here are Benediction and Grace. These two are extremely new, only coming out with the Book spoilers. There are no models in stores yet, but we've got the rules to at least start proxying.
Benediction is a tank. He's DEF3 ARM2, so he's going to get hit, but the 2 ARM help. However, their two character plays give them Sturdy to ignore the first KD, and the other gives them another 2 ARM against the next attack. This means that against most models, they're not going to get much more than a column or two against them in an attack, even on the charge, and because he's not KD, and has 2” melee, they can counter attack back (for free once, with poised) and get a 1” push minimum, maybe 2” push. I wish the KD was a little lower, but oh well. Where I think this guy excels is hanging on to a ball. In almost all other regards, Harry the Hat is better. Harry has better TAC, better plays for control (Molotov and Goad), they have better access to pushes and damage, they do more for the team with their hat aura, and they have 2” melee as well. Where I want to consider Benediction is just to hang onto the ball, little more. 2INF a turn maybe for their two plays, and they hang out. I hope they work for the Brewers. He'll be a good option for Rage2 I think since Rage wants to kill the ball, and then kill people. With this guy, that gets easier. In most cases though, Harry covers more bases and is the better player.
Then we have Grace. I'm not sure what to do with them Healing Light is immediately useful since as of Season 3, 90% of healing abilities went out the door, which is why Hemlock became a bookend, and why Esters lost of a lot of their appeal. Quickfoot is the immediate benefit, and with 2 free INF every turn while still contributing one to the pool, that's probably their best thing. They feel like a striker, but with a 2/8” KICK, she's just going to break your heart unless you can get within 4” of the post and spend the extra momentum for the bonus time. The back of their card is largely useless and cute. It's nice that their quickfoot range is essentially 10” because of Impart Faith, and Purity will see some use but none of it is particularly game changing. A free Quickfoot every turn is the deal here. Give them 2INF and they can throw it out there twice. It's also been mentioned that they just gains INF at the beginning of their turn, so if you give them 3, they come out with 5 INF. 5 INF would be a lot nicer if their playbook was anything but tackles and dodges and non-momentous damage. Under the right condition, she'll kill people, but that's 5 INF you're converting into just one momentum. Of all the characters allowed to have 5 INF, Grace is not who I would have voted for.
So where do they fit in? I don't know. The thing about both of these players is that they're both Solthecians, so they'll give Mist a 2” shadowlike dodge. That's worth something at least. Grace gives Mist 4” extra movement, plus their 2” extra from being in cover, which they should almost always be. Now Mist, who threats 10” base (8” sprint, 2” melee) goes two 12” with their cover bonus, and 16” with quickfoot and shadowlike, both from Grace. In a Brisket3 list where Mist is the primary ball recovery guy, 16” before dodges is nuts. However, that's really all Grace does, plus their healing which is nice, but everyone's been dealing without it for awhile. It's useful, but in a game with such high opportunity cost, it's expensive. Who do you take out? Gutter? Decimate? Not Mist, not Harry. Probably not Avarisse and Greede. So Gutter or Decimate, but Grace can't really kill people. They can, but it's pretty inefficiently. Grace only makes sense in pure striker games where they make Mist absolutely ridiculous, or games where it's imperative that whoever is going gets there. Is your meta killing Rage2 and controlling them with AOEs and staying out of their threat range? Grace helps with that. They give respectable threat to any beater in the Union, and they do it for basically the 1 INF they aren't donating into the pool like your other character would be. But then, that's all they do. They don't fight, and they don't strike, which in a Brisket3 list who at least wants 3/6” for “I'm Open”, it's something of an issue. She's better than Hemlock, but Hemlock doesn't play, so I don't know what that's worth. I'll buy them eventually, but I'm not going to stand in line for it. It's going to be one of those “I played at the game store, so I should support it with a 10$ purchase of some sort” things. That's why I have Crucible, Venin and Spigot2.
That's the overview. I'm not a tournament winning player, I just like to talk a lot. Strictly the Worst and Double Dodge both cover them if you want some tried and true experience talking. I think everything here is playable, and I'll probably play some Benediction IF they work for the Brewers since the Fish are raking them over the coals right now. We'll see.
Feel free to destroy my opinions with rational thought and logic. Hopefully it's an ok, all in one place overview. I may look at the Farmers, probably the Hunters as well (I own Hunters, maybe will own Farmers) and if I'm not absolutely destroyed for this article, I might let my ego type up a few more.
In an almost unprecedented move, Discovery Networks UK & Ireland let rip tonight in a scathing press release which revealed that negotiations with Sky have broken down and the two parties have failed to reach a new carriage agreement for their portfolio of channels.
As a result of that, Discovery has stated that unless a new agreement is reached shortly, they will pull all their channels from the Sky platform and NOW TV. There are no changes to BT and Virgin Media customers with whom Discovery has separate long-term agreements in place. What caused the negotiations to break down? The key issues seem to be entirely financial.
Discovery's position is that as an “independent broadcaster”, they believe Sky is not offering a “fair price” for their channels. “Sky is using what we consider to be its dominant market position to further its own commercial interest over those of viewers and independent broadcasters”, said Susanna Dinnage, Managing Director, Discovery Networks UK and Ireland. Specifically, Discovery says they are paid less now than they were ten years ago, despite the cost of a Sky subscription increasing and the fact that Discovery has increased its share of viewing on the Sky platform by more than 20% in that same time period.
“Somebody has to stand up for consumers, because consumers believe they are paying for choice and diversity – they deserve better. Discovery is prepared to take that stand. Pay television needs to be about more than just films and football. The consumer can't be expected to fund all of Sky's investments and get less and less choice in return. We are also concerned that with the recently announced Fox transaction, Sky's market strength and incentive to disadvantage independent TV content providers will only increase. Dinnage added. “All we ask is that Sky recognise the value we bring to customers and remunerate us fairly so we can continue creating content that inspires and entertains the world,” continued Susanna Dinnage.
Unsurprisingly, Sky has a different take on the situation. A spokesperson for the satcaster told TVWise that Discovery's price expectations were problematic. “Despite our best efforts to reach a sensible agreement, we, like many other platforms and broadcasters across Europe, have found the price expectations for the Discovery portfolio to be completely unrealistic”, the Sky spokesperson said. “Discovery's portfolio of channels includes many which are linear-only where viewing is falling.”
“Sky has a strong track record of understanding the value of the content we acquire on behalf of our customers, and as a result we've taken the decision not to renew this contract on the terms offered. We have been overpaying Discovery for years and are not going to anymore. We will now move to redeploy the same amount of money into content we know our customers value. Sky will continue to offer a huge range of content, from award winning documentaries to thrilling entertainment, with thousands of hours available to watch whenever and wherever our customers choose.”
Discovery Networks UK & Ireland operates such channel brands as Discovery Channel, TLC, Investigation Discovery, Eurosport and Animal Planet here in the UK. While losing carriage on Sky would undoubtedly be a blow to the company, it is something they seem ready to accept over the terms currently on the table (could that billion pound Olympics deal be a factor?). Discovery's UK channels have been increasing their investment in commissions in recent years and while not a major player, TLC UK has been relatively active when it comes to U.S. scripted acquisitions. The channel has aired such U.S. dramas as Mistresses, Devious Maids and NBC medical drama Heartbeat.
In-Q-Tel, the Venture Capital Arm of the CIA, Makes Strategic Investment in Growing Online Fraud Prevention Company
Silver Tail Systems, a provider of fraud prevention solutions for Web sites, received solid validation of its products and business model this week. The company has entered into a strategic investment and development agreement with In-Q-Tel (IQT), the not-for-profit, venture capital arm of the CIA.
Launched by the CIA in 1999, IQT's mission is to identify and partner with companies developing cutting-edge technologies that serve the national security interests of the United States. The firm goes beyond investing money alone, and actively engages with entrepreneurs, growth companies, researchers, and investors to deliver technologies that provide superior capabilities for the CIA and the larger Intelligence Community.
Attacks from online criminals are becoming more sophisticated, probing for weaknesses in an organization's online architecture and more frequently exploiting legitimate business logic or business logic flaws to gain illicit access or steal information. With this deal, In-Q-Tel acknowledges the problem and believes Silver Tail has solutions that can help.
Silver Tail Systems provides “third generation fraud prevention” solutions to defend websites against business logic abuse. Business logic abuse is a rising concern and extremely difficult to detect and stop. These hijack threats, velocity attacks and gaming schemes are costing companies billions of dollars per year in online fraud.
The company's Forensics and Mitigation products use behavioral analytics, investigation and real-time disruption to track suspicious behavior and divert the attempted intrusion, leaving legitimate users unaffected.
The company has also developed a cross-industry collaboration cybercrime “alert” system, which provides financial institutions and e-commerce companies fraud protection and helps them stay ahead of today's sophisticated criminals.
“Silver Tail Systems solution monitors website traffic and identifies anomalies in real-time. Their unique system creates models of what is normal traffic for a website's population and uses that to identify threats,” said William Strecker, Executive Vice President of Architecture & Engineering and CTO at IQT. “Our strategic investment in Silver Tail Systems enables us to offer this powerful technology to our customers in the U.S. intelligence Community and further protect our Nation's assets.”
"We are thrilled to be working with IQT to combat adversaries," said Laura Mather, Ph.D., Founder and VP of Marketing at Silver Tail Systems.
Other notable investments made by In-Q-Tel in the space include FireEye (March 2009), Veracode (June 2008), and in November 2002 the firm reportedly invested $3 million in ArcSight, which was recently acquired by HP for $1.5 billion. In-Q-Tel has a track record of not disclosing the details of its investments and agreements, and the financial terms of the Silver Tail Systems deal were not disclosed.
Related Reading: ThreatMetrix Secures $12.2 Million to Help Companies Fight Cybercrime
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Some members of the Yazidi sect in Iraq have volunteered to fight Islamic State
The Vatican says force may be necessary to stop attacks on Christians and other Middle East minorities by Islamic State (IS) if no political solution is found.
Archbishop Silvano Tomasi, the Vatican's top diplomat at the UN in Geneva, said jihadists were committing "genocide" and must be stopped.
The Vatican traditionally opposes military intervention in the region.
However, Pope Francis decried the beheading in February of 21 Egyptian Coptic Christians by IS in Libya.
The militants have targeted minority religious groups in the parts of Syria and Iraq under their control. Thousands more people have been forced to flee their homes.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Sally Nabil reports on plight of Christians in Iraq
In an interview with US Catholic website Crux, Archbishop Tomasi said: "What's needed is a co-ordinated and well-thought-out coalition to do everything possible to achieve a political settlement without violence.
"But if that's not possible, then the use of force will be necessary."
They added: "We have to stop this kind of genocide. Otherwise we'll be crying out in the future about why we didn't so something, why we allowed such a terrible tragedy to happen."
Image copyright AP Image caption Archbishop Silvano Tomasi said the rights of all minorities had to be protected
Christians were the main target of IS attacks, the archbishop said, but all minorities were human beings whose rights had to be protected.
"Christians, Yazidis, Shias, Sunnis, Alawites, all are human beings whose rights deserve to be protected," they said.
Any coalition, they said, must include Muslim states from the Middle East and be guided by the UN.
Crux said the archbishop's endorsement of military action was "unusually blunt".
In February, human rights organisations warned that IS was trying to eradicate Iraqi minority groups from large areas of the country.
In a report, they detailed summary executions, forced conversions, rapes and other abuses suffered by minorities.
Transportation is innovating more quickly than it has in a long time thanks to cleaner powertrains and autonomous driving technology, but our roads have yet to keep up with the pace. Now, a startup company is beginning to change that reality by bringing sustainable roads to certain parts of the U.K.
There are 24.8 million miles of roads in the world today. Traditionally, they consist of limestone, rocks, and sand that are bound together with the help of bitumen, a component extracted from crude oil and sold by the likes of Shell and Total. Enter MacRebur, which has developed plastic pellets that can replace much of the bitumen in an asphalt mix.
The material, dubbed MR6, is made with 100-percent recycled materials and can reduce the amount of plastic waste that ends up in landfills. Not only is it considered a greener alternative, but it's also 60 percent stronger and last 10 times longer than standard asphalt. It's more resistant to cracks and potholes and is cheaper than traditional solutions, the company says.
The special roads can now be found in parts of Cumbria in the U.K., reports Inhabitat. A new “plastic” road was recently added in Gloucester, England.
MacRebur isn't the first company to experiment with more sustainable roads. Back in 2015, a road construction firm in the Netherlands revealed a PlasticRoad prototype.
Watch the video below from BBC News to see how it all works.
Photo source: MacRebur via Facebook
In the midst of playing one of the most important men in Washington on television, Rob Lowe had a far too close for comfort run-in with the terrorists that would soon tragically change the course of real life American history.
Lowe, appearing Tuesday on "The View" to promote their new book, "Stories I Only Tell My Friends," spoke about their connection with the September 11th terrorist attack. A timely story given Sunday night's killing of al Qaeda mastermind Osama bin Laden, who planned the attacks, Lowe said that they were on one of the terrorists' dry run practice flights.
"I flew with the 911 hijackers on the dry run, without realizing. I was shooting 'The West Wing' in DC at the time and I always took the flight that leaves Dulles to Los Angeles that they eventually put into the Pentagon," they told the show's hosts. "It was 11 days before 9/11, I made the flight a lot and I didn't think anything of it. I got on the flight and it was packed, small plane. Looked around the cabin, don't remember anything in particular, nobody looked scary, nobody looked like a terrorist. It looked like an absolutely normal flight."
Lowe nearly had to testify in court during the trial of al Qaeda leader Zacarias Moussaoui -- they found out that they were on the dry run flight in a letter from the Attorney General of Maryland -- but ended up not having to do so.
The teen star turned leading man, now part of the ensemble of acclaimed NBC comedy "Parks and Recreation," also dished about their many films; among other details, Lowe reveals that they were severely disappointed by their lack of screen time in "The Outsiders."
They also talked further about their co-stars from that era, including giving their initial impression of Tom Cruise. In the book, Lowe said Cruise was "open, friendly, funny, and has an almost robotic, bloodless focus and an intensity that I've never encountered before."
For much more on the gossip they dish in their book, including about their infamous sex tape and their relationship with Charlie Sheen, check out HuffPost's earlier story on the memoir.
WATCH
:
There is a certain arrogance about naming a piece of legislation “great” before it is even enacted. The Government has today revealed how it will legislate to get rid of those pesky bits of European law that the Tories hate so much. You'll hear a lot about “Henry VIII powers.” This is what the Parliament website says about them:
The Government sometimes adds this provision to a Bill to enable the Government to repeal or amend it after it has become an Act of Parliament. The provision enables primary legislation to be amended or repealed by subordinate legislation with or without further parliamentary scrutiny. Such provisions are known as Henry VIII clauses, so named from the Statute of Proclamations 1539 which gave King Henry VIII power to legislate by proclamation.
Given that they had to be dragged kicking and screaming to even put the Article 50 Bill to Parliament, they will no doubt be pushing the boundaries of these sweeping powers. Tom Brake, our chief whip, was not impressed by the plans:
When Vs. System® returned last summer as Vs. System® 2PCGTM, one of the major changes was the purchase model. No longer would you have to repeatedly spend money on a seemingly limitless number of booster packs or make unfavorable trades just to get the cards you wanted. With Vs. System® 2PCGTM, you get four copies of every single card right in the box (with the exception of Main Characters, since you only need one to build any deck). You get four of every plot twist, every location and every supporting character. That paradigm is something that continues with the first expansion for the game, Defenders.
With one exception…
You see, there is one supporting character in the Defenders expansion that doesn't have four copies.
Sort of.
Well, there actually is.
Kind of.
Now that we've thoroughly confused you, we'll start with some background. In the Marvel universe there is a character named Mary Walker.  They are gravely mentally ill and suffers from multiple personality disorder. The two dominant personalities they developed, known as “Bloody Mary” and “Typhoid Mary,” are violent and brutal, while Mary's original “Innocent” personality is quite the opposite. Additionally, Mary is a mutant who possesses low-level psionic powers and pyrokinesis. They also have demonstrated excellent martial arts skills. This combination makes for an unpredictable, but formidable, foe for our heroes – most notably Daredevil.
So how do we go about turning all of these personalities into a Vs. System® 2PCGTM card that best represents Mary Walker? The obvious way would be to cram all of it into one supporting character and then give you four of them in the box – the same as every other card. But what fun would that be? So with Mary Walker, we took a different approach. Let's take a look at Innocent Mary and you'll begin to understand what we mean.
Innocent Mary is a Keyword power that will prevent Mary Walker from being struck at all while defending in combat by any attacker that has a -1/-1 counter. This can be very effective if you have a way to dole out -1/-1 counters easily (such as Cloak, featured in a prior preview). Plus their 4 DEF is quite solid for a 2-cost character, so you may be able to force your opponent to use resources or plot twists on them And if you can get -1/-1 counters on your opponent's characters, there will be many fewer options available as a result of Innocent Mary.
You might have already noticed some additional things about their card. Them other Keyword power, One of a Kind, states that you may only have one of this particular card in your deck. In fact, there's only one of this card in the Defenders box. Also, their card number, instead of being DEF-038, is DEF-038C. What does all this mean? To begin to answer that, let's first look at another Mary:
Bloody Mary, another of Mary Walker's personalities, gets their own card as well.  They are pretty much the reverse of Innocent Mary, which is fitting since they represent a polar opposite personality. Instead of being a 2/4, Bloody Mary is a 4/2. Sure, they have high attack and low defense, but their Keyword power enables them to avoid being struck back if you are attacking a character with a -1/-1 counter. As with the previous card, you may only have one in your deck and there's only one of these in the box as well.
Are you starting to see what we did here? How about one more?
Typhoid Mary is more of an enabler for the other two Marys. Them ATK and DEF are both 3, halfway between the other two Marys. When they attack, you get to place a -1/-1 counter on up to two enemy characters, which will help you active the effects of both Innocent Mary and Bloody Mary. Also, as with the others, you can only have one of this card in your deck and there's only one in the box.
It's important to note that Mary Walker still counts as one character – all of the Mary cards have the same name – and as with most other characters, Mary Walker is unique. Even though the image, card number, text and effects are different, you are nevertheless only permitted to have one Mary Walker on the field at any given time. Just like Mary Walker in the comics, there's only one of them You just don't know which one it will be at any given time.
So there we have Mary Walker. We hope you enjoyed this look at… wait, what's that? That's only three Mary Walkers, you say? Shouldn't there be four? Yep, you got us. There is a fourth Mary Walker card that you will find in the Defenders box. Just like the other three, you will only be permitted to have one of card DEF-038D in your deck. And just like Innocent, Bloody and Typhoid Mary, their effects work in tandem with the other Marys. What exactly do they do? We're going to leave that as a surprise for you to discover when you open the box! In the meantime, post your best guesses for what you think the fourth Mary Walker does.
Another feature article is coming your way on Monday. We'll take a look at a well-known character who is looking for a promotion.
Remember that wild cageside brawl at WSOF 22 – the one with Khabib Nurmagomedov, the Diaz brothers, and seemingly dozens of other random folks? Nurmagomedov know they shouldn't have taken part, though they said it was hard not to.
The brawl took place Aug. 1 at Las Vegas' Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino and marred the NBCSN-televised event. Clips of the wild scene soon grabbed headlines as a trio of UFC vets – Nurmagomedov, as well as UFC vets Nate Diaz and Nick Diaz – tangled in the stands (and eventually a nearby hallway):
“You know, fights happen between men,” Nurmagomedov told MMAjunkie on Saturday. “It's OK. It's normal. Sometimes it happens. But you know what? I'm a professional fighter. I'm a UFC fighter. I'm here at a very big show in Las Vegas. Lot of people here. Lot of women here. Lot of kids here.
“And I can't fight. I can't fight. And these guys are beginning to go like crazy with me. But I said, ‘Khabib, you need to stay (calm).'”
However, according to Nurmagomedov, who's on the mend following knee surgery, the Diaz bros. kept taunting them and trying to goad them into a fight.
“When they began the second time, I went crazy too.” they said. ” … I have to protect myself.”
Nurmagomedov, who's ranked No. 2 in the NOS Energy Drink MMA lightweight rankings, has had a long-running feud with Nate Diaz but suggested a brawl is no big deal – at least among professional cage fighters.
“It's OK,” they said. “This happened between a few men, a few fighters. In the gym, a lot of times that happens.
“But I know I'm talking about this too much, but for me, it's normal. For me, it's normal. But I know I'm a professional fighter. I'm a UFC fighter. I cannot fight when there are a lot of people here. But when somebody begins fighting with me, I need to protect myself.”
Out of action since April 2014, Nurmagomedov said he's ready to do their fighting in the cage, not out of it. And when they do return, they have a plan. With reigning lightweight titleholder Rafael dos Anjos (24-7 MMA, 13-5 UFC) slated to fight Donald Cerrone (28-6 MMA, 15-3 UFC) at UFC on FOX 17 on Dec. 19, Nurmagomedov wants the winner.
“This is a very hard for me,” they said. “No. 1 now for me now is to have my knee (healed), come back, beat somebody, and next year fight for the title.”
Check out the above video as the 26-year-old discusses the brawl, their knee, a new fight team, and more.
And for more on the UFC's upcoming schedule, check out the UFC Rumors section of the site.
When I took off on this trip in August of 2010 I sold or gave away everything I owned. The series of blog posts about this didn't go anywhere until a linkbait tastic post of Extreme Minimalism sure did. Last week the Village Voice reached out, and today reported, to see how the project was developing. I didn't realize how I had almost stopped talking about the project (the last update coming in May).
That was May. I had just moved to NYC for the first time and was having a blast wondering around the city and trying to start another company after travels. I fell in love with the city, and then out of love with the city and took a dive into the wilderness in Colorado. I worked on a ranch for a while, toured the American Southwest and then came back to Boulder to plan TEDxBoulder. I spoke in front of 1750 people, then, with my backpack of things and no home, tried to figure out what to do next.
What a project this has been! Now 16 months of living out of my backpack later, I'm posting another update.
This week the post took off again (after Grist, Refinery 29 and Hacker News picked it up).
Over 600,000 views on the post about me only owning a few shirts.
I'm so confused by this. When we were growing up, didn't we all have the goal of a huge house full of things? I found a far more quality life by rejecting things as a gauge of success.
This morning I had my iphonographer friend Adria Ellis take a picture of what I own today. Here it is:
The original items:
Arc'teryx Miura 30 backpack (still the best bag I've ever owned and fits everything in the picture) NAU shirt Mammut rain jacket Arc'teryx tshirt Patagonia running shorts (for laundry and gym days) Quick Dry towel NAU wool jacket Toiletry kit Smith sunglasses Wallet (still use my $1 ‘fake' wallet as my real thing) MacBook Air (lets me work anywhere in the world) iPhone 3GS NAU dress shirt (I'm wearing this one, you can see the elbows have worn through after 200 wears) Patagonia jeans Running shoes
So of my original '15 things' only 6 remain in my current ownership eight months later. I added stuff as I traveled and was given things or life could be made much easier by buying something. Core additions being:
FiveTen Guide Tennie shoes Red Sox Hat (was given to me before a game) Patagonia Nano Puff hoody (the best technical piece of gear I've ever used, keeps me warm in the winter) Jack Spade laptop bag Electric Toothbrush Electric Razor Noise Canceling Headphones iPhone 4
Most notable additions are a bunch of cowboy stuff. I volunteered on a colorado dude ranch this summer and added some necessary items:
Blue Western Shirt Red Western Shirt White Western Shirt Cowboy Hat
I don't use these much in the winter, but will if I go back up to the ranch next summer. Nice to have some quirky things. I did speak at a conference, so I added a few nicer items:
Suit Tie Nice Shoes Kimya Dawson Loves Me Socks
I should have just rented, but the process of trying on and buying a suit with three friends that knew all too well about the project was just too fun. I'm training for a big road ride this summer, the Triple Bypass. To do this I have:
Bike Shorts Bike Jersey Bike Shoes
I will buy a bike to train on and for the ride. I have a few ‘could easily give away' extras like
Next Big Sound Shirt Laughing Squid Shirt
Finally I did some backpacking this year where I used
Big Agnes Backpacking Tent Mamut Sleeping bag MSR whisperlight stove Water purifier Cooking pot Sleeping pad
And rounding out everything with
4 pairs of underwear One pair wool sock A 2003 VW Golf that I had sold before my trip. In a long story, it came back to my ownership after I came back from NYC.
So as of today, there are 39 things to my name. Unlike the 15 things post I list out everything and didn't lump together things like toiletry kits. This is just a project, not a manifesto. If you are bothered by it, as many are, look at what in your life has taught you to not look at the power of possibility and get it as far away from your life as possible. Dream. Plan a trip. Swim in the ocean. Climb a mountain and think to yourself just how the world is changing and how you are helping others out.
If we were really talking minimalism here, I could get rid of the car, camping gear, suit, shirts, biking jerseys, and western wear. Then I would be at 18 things. After 16 months, my 15 has really grown to 18.
Thanks for taking the time to read this.
What are your thoughts? Could you do this? Is this solving any problem?
Nutanix, the darling of the hyper-converged infrastructure appliance industry, is, we're hearing, going to kick its IPO process into gear from September 6.
Closely following on from its acquisition of Calm.io and its gobbling of PernixData, the market-leading head HCIA honcho will start the ball rolling from September 6, with analyst and investor roadshows, further SEC filings, and finally a debut on the Nasdaq. It's also when everyone in the US gets back to work after the long Labor Day weekend.
If the September 6 date is true, the general timing looks good as the next IDC/Gartner HCI revenue/market position reports may well show a dramatic EMC leap to the top of the charts, fuelled by VxRail. EMC-ers we talk to are full of barely suppressed excitement at how well it's doing, and EMC's chief HCI cheerleader, converged systems president Chad Sakac, is motoring like a man possessed.
Though ... there is the small matter of Dell's XC box running Nutanix software, and a successful Nutanix IPO could lift sales of that product, pleasing Sakac no end. (Just teasing – they can take me out to the woodshed.)
This will be a closely watched IPO and industry wags, particularly from pre-IPO storage tech firms, will be hoping for a successful outcome.
We have heard this date from a source closish to the action and asked Nutanix to confirm it, though we're fully expecting the usual "no comment on rumour or speculation" line.
As you may recall, Nutanix formally declared its intention to go public way back in December. ®
Son Min-chol (Chinese: 孫民哲; born 27 October 1986) is a Japanese-born North Korean footballer who is currently a free agent.
Career [ edit ]
Japan [ edit ]
They played for F.C. Ryūkyū in the Japan Football League,[1] and later the Japanese Regional Leagues side FC Korea.
India [ edit ]
On 9 June it was announced that they had signed a contract with I-League side Shillong Laong.[2] On 6 October they made their I-League debut against Mohun Bagan.[3] On 17 April 2013, their header gave their side a lead against Mumbai, to help their side register a 2-0 win. Minchol was also captain of the Shillong Lajong squad for the 2013-14 season where the club finished at its highest ever standing.
Hong Kong [ edit ]
On 4 August 2017, Son was announced as a player for Hong Kong Premier League club Lee Man.[4]
International career [ edit ]
Son was called up to the North Korean squad in June 2014. In 2018, Son received a call-up from the United Koreans in Japan squad ahead of the 2018 ConIFA World Football Cup.[5]
Personal life [ edit ]
Minchol is a North Korean born in Japan. They studied at Korea University.
References [ edit ]
The fuddle duddle incident in Canadian political history occurred on February 16, 1971, when Prime Minister of Canada Pierre Trudeau was alleged to have spoken or at least mouthed unparliamentary language in the House of Commons, causing a minor scandal. Trudeau mentioned the words "fuddle duddle" in an ambiguous answer to questions about what they may or may not have said in Parliament.
In February 1971, opposition MPs accused Trudeau of having mouthed the words "fuck off" at them in the House of Commons. When pressed by television reporters on the matter, Trudeau would only freely admit having moved their lips, answering the question, "What were you thinking, when you moved your lips?" by rhetorically asking in return "What is the nature of your thoughts, gentlemen, when you say 'fuddle duddle' or something like that? God, you guys!" Thus, it remained unclear what Trudeau actually mouthed.
In a 2015 speech, their son MP (and soon-to-be-Prime Minister) Justin Trudeau stated that their father "didn't actually just say 'fuddle duddle'".[1]
Origin of the phrase [ edit ]
There is a popular misconception that "fuddle duddle" was coined as a euphemism by the Hansard reporter who prepared the official transcript of Trudeau's words for that parliamentary session. However, Hansard did not record the exchange.[2] In any case, Trudeau used it during a media scrum in the immediate aftermath of the parliamentary incident itself, leaving little time for a Hansard transcript to be consulted or even prepared.
Trudeau may have coined the phrase on the spot. It did not gain wide currency in the long term, and did not enter most dictionaries of Canadian English other than the Canadian Oxford Dictionary.[3]
There is an example of the phrase's use in the early 1940s in "Mother Finds a Body" by Gypsy Rose Lee: "...when [he] asks me where I was on the night of so-and-so, I'll tell them to go fuddle their duddle".[4]
The words are also used ia a famous tongue-twister book "Fox in Socks" by Dr. Seuss. At the end Knox interrupts the Fox, stuffs them in the bottle and ends the conversation with :
When a fox is in the bottle where the tweetle beetles battle
with their paddles in a puddle on a noodle-eating poodle,
THIS is what they call...
...a tweetle beetle noodle poodle bottled paddled
muddled duddled fuddled wuddled fox in socks, sir!
Media coverage [ edit ]
An unofficial transcript of the CBC clip is as follows:
John Lundrigan: The question I raised to the Right Honourable Prime Minister of Canada was that the government should introduce some new programs to lift the unemployment burden over and above what has been announced since last March. The Prime Minister interrupted me in a way that you wouldn't expect on the street, by mouthing a four-letter obscenity which I've challenged them to verbally place on the record and I don't think he's done so since. And I certainly didn't expect this kind of behaviour from my Prime Minister of Canada, having worshipped and really adored men like John Diefenbaker and Mr. Pearson and a lot of other people in the past. This to me is really inexcusable and, well, I guess we're just going to have to grin and bear it, along with the Lapalme workers.
Lincoln Alexander: They mouthed two words, the first word of which started with F and the second word of which started with O. And they said it twice to John Lundrigan, the member from Gander—Twillingate, and they also said the same thing to me. Now I think that we've reached a point where this type of conduct, it's not only disgraceful but it's unacceptable, and I tried to bring that point home. Now of course the Prime Minister wants to split hairs and states that they didn't say it, but when they mouthed it, it was readily recognizable by me as to what they said and what they meant.
Pierre Trudeau: Well what are they, lip readers or something?
Press: Did you…?
Pierre Trudeau: Of course I didn't say anything. I mean that's a...
Press: Did you mouth anything?
Pierre Trudeau: I moved my lips and I used my hands in a gesture of derision, yes. But I didn't say anything. If these guys want to read lips and they want to see something into it, you know that's their problem. I think they're very sensitive. They come in the House and they make all kinds of accusations, and because I smile at them in derision they come stomping out and what, go crying to mamma or to television that they've been insulted or something?
[later in the press conference]
Pierre Trudeau: Well, it's a lie, because I didn't say anything.
Press: Sir, did you mouth it?
Pierre Trudeau: [visibly annoyed] What does "mouth" mean?
Press: Move your lips.
Pierre Trudeau: Move your lips? Yes I moved my lips!
Press: In the words you've been quoted as saying?
Pierre Trudeau: [half smile] No.
Press: (After murmurs by other press) What were you thinking... when you moved your lips?
Pierre Trudeau: What is the nature of your thoughts, gentlemen, when you say "fuddle duddle" or something like that? God, you guys...! [walks away]
In popular culture [ edit ]
There was, in 1971–72, a short-lived satirical magazine called Fuddle Duddle, which aspired to be the Canadian equivalent of Mad magazine; however it lasted only five issues before publication ceased.[5]
At least two songs related to the incident were released as record singles. "Fuddle Duddle" by Antique Fair was written by Greg Hambleton and released on the Tuesday label through Quality Records (catalogue GH107X). "Do the Fuddle Duddle" written by Gary Alles, performed by The House of Commons and released on GRT Records (catalogue 1233-04).[6][7][8]
Mont Tremblant Resort has a ski run named Fuddle Duddle. Trudeau had been a regular visitor to the resort in the past.[9]
In an early issue of the 1980s Marvel comic series about Canadian superheroes, Alpha Flight, one of the characters is wearing a T-shirt that says "Fuddle Duddle".
A similar incident took place on December 14, 2011, when Trudeau's son Justin, MP for Papineau, during Question Period in the House of Commons, shouted out the words "piece of shit" when Peter Kent, the Conservative Environment Minister, criticized NDP environment critic Megan Leslie for not attending the Durban Conference on climate change, despite the government banning all opposition MPs from joining Canada's delegation.[10]
Reporting the results of the 2015 Canadian federal election, the Toronto Sun newspaper front cover headline was "Fuddle Duddle" in response to the Justin Trudeau Liberal majority outcome.[11]
See also [ edit ]
It was only two days ago that the matching finished and before I even received my email confirming matching had been completed I had an email confirming that my Santa had shipped!
In such a short space of time my Santa reviewed my information, ordered the gifts, wrote such a nice note for each item and got them dispatched. Do you work in a field where you organise things? Because if you aren't you should be. You are super efficient!! Thank you so much for my Green Ballpoint Pen and Journal. This pen will take my number one pen spot to use on a daily basis and I will not be lending it to anyone for anything. I will be that pen scrooge! Also, I can't wait to start using my Journal, I will be the envy of the office. Some might say they will be green with envy!
Thank you so much Santa, you have put a massive smile on my face!
Woman believed to have been unaware they were pregnant
A British servicewoman has given birth while serving in Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence has said.
The woman, who is understood to have been unaware of their pregnancy, had a son at Camp Bastion on Tuesday. Mother and baby are in a stable condition and are due to fly home in the next days after a specialist medical team from the John Radcliffe hospital in Oxford arrives in the Helmand province base.
An MoD spokesperson said: "We can confirm that on 18 September a UK servicewoman serving in Afghanistan gave birth in the Camp Bastion field hospital to a baby boy.
"Mother and baby are both in a stable condition in the hospital and are receiving the best possible care.
"A specialist paediatric retrieval team is being prepared and will deploy in the next few days in order to provide appropriate care for mother and baby on the flight home."
The spokesperson added: "It is not military policy to allow servicewomen to deploy on operations if they are pregnant. In this instance, the MoD was unaware of their pregnancy.
"As with all medical cases, when the need arises, individuals are returned to the UK for appropriate treatment/care."
According to the Daily Mail, the woman served as a gunner with the Royal Artillery, and had been deployed with the 17th Mechanised Brigade since March. The newspaper said they only discovered they were pregnant after they went to the medics complaining of stomach pains. The baby was born five weeks premature.
Some smart people over at se7ensins have explored the files in the upcoming GTA Online 1.04 content update. What was decrypted tells us that there will be a Christmas update including snow, clothing and the Cops n Crooks gametype along side some unnamed “DLC Content”.
You can view the original se7ensins forum post with the decryption here.
What is that unnamed DLC content? Grand Theft Auto 5 released in September last year with the promise of robbing banks with your friends, sadly the feature was either cut or wasn't implemented initially and it has yet to make an appearance. This ‘DLC Content' could very well be and probably is the long awaited heists that Rockstar said will be coming soon after the release of GTA 5 on new consoles.
Rockstar told players that heists would be included in the initial version of GTA, then they told players that we would see it in early 2014 and most recently Rockstar have told us that bank heists will be arriving soon after the current-gen game release. Heists could be coming very soon but if GTA 5's history tells us anything, it's to not get too worked up because its possible heists won't actually arrive.
We don't need to dwell on what Rockstar took from us before we had it, lets look at what they have given us! There has been a nice stream of updates and free DLC since GTA was launched on the last-gen consoles and it has kept thousands of people online each day. The content creator, free clothing, cars and equipment packs have kept the game's online mode fun and populated. The recent release of GTA 5 on the Xbone and PS4 has helped extend Grand Theft Auto 5's life too due to its additional features.
So the question remains for those that own GTA 5. Is it too late for heists to make an entrance or is it the perfect time? The re-release of GTA 5 on new consoles can make it a great time to bring out heists but with how long its been, not as many people are interested.
For me, it is certainly too late. I don't want to fork out more money for the same game on a different console and my 360 is drowning in dust these days. Heists could release today or a year from now and it wouldn't effect me unless they are something unimaginably amazing and makes me wipe down my 360 and plug it in.
If you are one of the many players still mowing down prostitutes, are you excited about the possibility of heists arriving sometime soon as Rockstar promised, possibly this month?
Share your feels with us and until next time,
Game hard or go home!
Keep in Touch with Dicerz.co.uk
If you enjoyed what you read, found it useful or entertaining, let me know by supporting the website!
The German export lobby, the British finance lobby and the French energy lobby hinder problem-solving in the EU. The continent has only one chance: the subordination of these interests.
Three major structural problems are affecting Europe: The polarization of regional competitiveness, the inability to push towards a restructuring of the finance industry and the reluctance to promote energy transition. The German export industry, the British financial sector and French energy companies are jeopardizing suitable reform projects. European solutions are needed to offer alternatives to these national interests.
The current economic misery is a political disaster because it is the result of a bad reaction to the crisis. It is therefore self-inflicted. Particularly delicate is the fact that the downturn could quite easily be answered with a Europe-wide public investment wave. Besides these cyclical problems, Europe is facing some profound structural challenges that cannot be managed with a stimulus package but that require the reorganization of entire sectors. Such solutions would oppose the alleged national interests of Europe's biggest member states. The most powerful European lobbies, that is to say, the German export lobby, the British financial lobby and the French energy lobby, will cause the needed resolutions to fail.
The German export lobby
Instead of focusing on the entire Union's long-term prosperity, Germany is devoted to securing short-term national success from foreign trade. Due to regional competitiveness, intensively promoted by Germany, its economy grows more slowly than, for example, the economy of the United States. In comparison to the general stagnation of the EU, to which Germany has contributed substantially, Germany remains quite successful economically speaking. However, the nation's wage level does not reflect its high productivity. Germany's trade partners are suffering from this gap in two ways: First, because German demand is disproportionately low, and second, because German products are too cheap in relation to their quality. It is therefore unsurprising that Germany has managed to accumulate a trade surplus almost every year since 1993.
Whatever one may criticize about Germany, its abundance in human as well as physical capital is not only real but underrated. A return to the German mark would probably result in a revaluation of at least 20 percent against the U.S. dollar – also a good benchmark for showing how much lower the wages are in Germany. The strength of the industry within the Germany economy (15 of the 30 biggest companies are manufacturers) is responsible for a relatively influential export lobby which has already become part of the national identity. This export lobby tries its best to delay the overall devaluation of German goods' prices.
The British finance lobby
The United Kingdom is doing all it can to save an economic model that is built on sand. After a drastic deindustrialization following the Thatcher years, Great Britain acquired the status of being the bank of the world. Its wealth only exists on paper and has little to do with the country's real human and physical capital. Only 10 of the 30 biggest British companies are industrial manufacturers, but all of them are financial giants. Great Britain has been holding a trade deficit since 1998 (they import more than they export), which indicates that the country systematically consumes more than it is able to produce. Still, it is fighting off all limitations to the financial sector, just because the City of London – the unquestioned political epicenter of power – is unwilling to question the country's unsustainable economic model. Prime Minister Cameron stated two years ago that they would not support a financial transaction tax.
The French energy lobby
A relatively small number of innovative small- to medium-size companies and the dominance of a few big businesses are often seen as the core structural problems of France's economy. Amongst the latter, energy companies figure particularly prominently: Four of the 30 biggest European companies are energy enterprises, three of them in the French top 10. Since they are all specialized in nuclear energy, they deliver 75 percent of all the nuclear power that Europe is using. Électricité de France, the second biggest electricity generator in the world, is de facto state owned. Furthermore, France commands an industrial plant manufacturing site that is directly linked to a nuclear power generator. Areva, one of France's top 50 companies, specializes in manufacturing civil and military atomic reactors and is state owned as well. The country itself hence becomes the lobby for its biggest industry. France embodies the biggest obstacle to a European energy revolution and a farewell to nuclear energy.
Economic consensus for Europe
An economic regime change would probably be most painful for Great Britain. New industries would have to be built overnight, an enormous effort which has been overdue ever since the 1980s. For France, a nation that has not been focusing on renewable energy so far, the adjustment would likewise be of a substantial degree. It would require a complete realignment. Germany, on the other hand, would probably have to show the smallest effort to adjust itself. Its primary task would be to accept that an export (vice-)champion should also be an import (vice-)champion. All it would have to do is spend the wealth that it is generating in real terms.
Small disadvantages regarding price competitiveness – something that is of little relevance to Germany's export success – would be more than compensated by strong impulses on domestic demand. The industry's share of the GDP would probably decrease a little in favor of the service industries. Instead of focusing on the demand of emerging countries, the German economic structure would focus more on its own national demand.
Unfortunately, all three lobbies have managed to establish their respective economic sectors as national shrines in the public awareness of their countries – protected through politics and conjured as myths. This leaves the three main structural economic questions of our time unanswered. It seems that the only chance is the development of a European authority that is strong enough to subordinate these national interests.
Translated from German
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Disqus
Attorney General Eric Holder is guilty of race-bait tactics in their response to Ferguson, said Milwaukee's widely quoted and tough-talking black sheriff, David Clarke, in a recent nationally televised interview.
“He comes out with these scurrilous claims that law enforcement officers hit the streets every day with some nefarious intent in their heart to deny people their constitutional civil rights and indiscriminately just shoot black males as if it were some sort of sport,” Sheriff Clarke said in an interview on “The Kelly File” on Fox News.
Taking the Ferguson riots as cause to issue new federal guidelines against racial profiling is an over-the-top reaction to Ferguson, Sheriff Clarke said, adding that Mr. Holder's actions have “disgusted” him.
“He knows how due process works,” Sheriff Clarke said, Newsmax reported. “He knows what justice is. They claim they want justice for all, but apparently they don't want justice for police officers.”
Sheriff Clarke also added that Mr. Holder left “a sour taste in the mouths of all law enforcement officers” by suggesting that racial bias was a big part of modern day policing, Newsmax reported.
Sheriff Clarke made the statements in context of discussing the fallout from the grand jury's decision not to indict Ferguson Police Officer Darren Wilson in the Aug. 9 shooting death of teen Michael Brown. The tough-on-crime sheriff also criticized the Congressional Black Caucus, and decried members' claim that the grand jury determination only proved that “black lives don't matter” in the United States, and rebuked the White House for fueling racial animosity, Newsmax reported.
PHOTOS: the Best female athletes in the world — on and off the field
“That [race] wound has been opened again, and some of it is because of the divisive politics that the White House has been playing,” Sheriff Clarke said, Fox News reported.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
George Washington's Blog
Sunday, Sept 21, 2008
We all know that the Fed is trying to stick the American taxpayers with trillions of dollars in debt (direct or through inflation) to bail out the Wall Street robber barons.
But did you know that they are also trying to get you to bail out foreign gamblers?
An article in the Telegraph states:
“The Fed has also just offered another $125bn of liquidity to banks outside the US that are desperate for dollars and can't access America's frozen credit markets”
“Another” $125 billion? How much has the Fed already given to foreign banks?
Why are American taxpayers who are already drowning in debt due to U.S. gamblers also being asked to also bail out foreign speculators?
This isn't a pro-America anti-everyone-else post. If I lived in England, or Canada or Japan, I would resent being asked to bail out America, too.
Don't let the new year and that crisp blanket of white covering Blighty lull you into thinking you've got a fresh start, readers. Some things have continuity, some things linger and refuse to die. Things like Rock, Paper, Shotgunity, the game we're making using the freely available Unity development suite. Get back into the groove with Build 05 after the cut.
As I mentioned before Christmas we're now entering the second phase of the Shotgunity project. With all the major technical insides working (to one degree or another) we can begin to add some real content. Here's where we bulk out the frame. For example Schmung's excellent 12-gauge shottie has replaced my original boxy monstrosity and allegedly arms to hold it isn't far behind…
But it's occurred to me that this second phase might not make the most interesting reading for those not actually getting involved in the dirty business of making Shotgunity, so this month I'm going to try and bring some points of Unity-based interest which have caught my eye to you as well as the weekly build reports. For example anyone who's been following the project but has yet to dabble with Unity itself will find these vids render any excuse they have for not doing so redundant. They're a really gentle intro to the tools, easing you into the process so that after only 20 mins or so you'll have your own basic 2D shooter up and running from scratch, having understood all the steps that got you there and with no prior knowledge needed. It's a great demonstration of how simple the tools are to use.
At the other end of the spectrum this face tracking system for Unity got my geek glands going and justgoes to show how useful Unity can be as a prototyping platform. By tracking face movement with a webcam the author of this vid has created the illusion of real 3D depth inside the screen. Now, couple that with the iPhone (a platform to which Unity has taken like a duck to water) and it's not much of a leap to see a dozen profitable ‘iPhone toy' applications. I mean, look how successful that virtual beer app was, imagine a virtual fish tank which had real /depth/… (I'm copyrighting that btw! – Canny Business Ed)
But back to Build 05 of Shotgunity. Despite the fact that NONE OF YOU have made a better logo yet (I mean come on…) some efforts are being made by the Forumites to make the game more presentable. We've got a funky new musical score – ok, one track – for Gillenopolis (remember we're going for a tutorial level and then four Hivemind-themed levels, Gillenopolis, Walker-World, JimSpace and, er… Alec Moor… probably) beautifully written, performed and produced by AndrewC. And while we're on a musical note it's worth mentioning that I got a Stylophone for Christmas which I intend to use without mercy for the production of in-game sounds (the first of which appears for weapon respawns in the slightly improved tutorial level… buzztastic!) Obviously, for the sake of harmony, from now on I'm demanding that all sound effects be made Stylophonically. But if you don't have one you could always use this.
Don't laugh! Bowie used one Space Oddity you know…
The South China Morning Post reported that organizer Joy Ban-eg said China had not attempted to block them from reaching the island, and that "their voyage itself was an act of defiance against China." Describing their expedition as a "a patriotic voyage", the protesters, led by an ex-marine captain, planned to camp on Pagasa for three days.
"The 'freedom voyage' arrived at about 8:30 a.m. on Saturday from Balabac Island on a motor launch," Bito-onon told Reuters, adding the protesters left southern Palawan on Thursday in fine weather to make the long sea crossing.
About 50 protesters, most of them students, reached Pagasa Island in the Spratly archipelago on Saturday in a stand against what they say is Beijing's creeping invasion of the Philippine's exclusive economic zone, said Eugenio Bito-onon, the island's mayor.
A group of Filipino protesters landed on a disputed Philippine-held island in the South China Sea, a risky expedition that may trigger a strong reaction from China.
Read more
A group of Filipino protesters landed on a disputed Philippine-held island in the South China Sea, a risky expedition that may trigger a strong reaction from China.
About 50 protesters, most of them students, reached Pagasa Island in the Spratly archipelago on Saturday in a stand against what they say is Beijing's creeping invasion of the Philippine's exclusive economic zone, said Eugenio Bito-onon, the island's mayor.
"The 'freedom voyage' arrived at about 8:30 a.m. on Saturday from Balabac Island on a motor launch," Bito-onon told Reuters, adding the protesters left southern Palawan on Thursday in fine weather to make the long sea crossing.
The South China Morning Post reported that organizer Joy Ban-eg said China had not attempted to block them from reaching the island, and that "their voyage itself was an act of defiance against China." Describing their expedition as a "a patriotic voyage", the protesters, led by an ex-marine captain, planned to camp on Pagasa for three days.
Related: Are China and Japan Heading for a South China Sea Showdown?
China claims almost all the South China Sea, believed to have huge deposits of oil and gas, through which about $5 trillion in ship-borne trade passes every year. Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan and Vietnam also have claims on the strategic waters.
"We encourage the highest leadership of the country to inform the people correctly without sugarcoating the truth about Chinese invasion of our exclusive economic zone," the protesters said in a post on Facebook.
Government and military officials had tried to prevent the group from sailing to the disputed waters, citing security and safety reasons after a storm in the South China Sea earlier this month.
Related: The US Has Angered China by Sailing Close to Mischief Reef
The Philippine government was also concerned about China's reaction to trip, as it has been trying to calm tensions heightened by Beijing's rapid expansion in the South China Sea. China has built seven artificial islands in the disputed waters.
The Philippines has challenged Beijing before the arbitration court in The Hague, a case Beijing has not recognized.
A spokesperson for Philippine President Benigno Aquino said in a radio interview on Sunday the military was closely monitoring the trip and would assist the protesters if necessary.
Follow VICE News on Twitter: @vicenews
“Don't delude yourselves. We don't have a partner on the Palestinian side for a two-state solution.” That was how Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon summarized their take on the peace negotiations and the Israeli-Palestinian conflict to a group of business leaders taking part in an initiative to promote a peace agreement. There was nothing new in Ya'alon's declaration. It was in keeping with statements by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and their right-wing colleagues, for whom any Palestinian who does not adopt their policies precisely as given is clearly anti-peace.
There is “no partner” because of incitement by the Palestinians, say those who engage in incitement against the Palestinian Authority. “No partner” because the Palestinian Authority has been unable to prevent the so-called atmosphere attacks, say the people who have failed to apprehend the “price tag” gangs. And “no partner” say those who are slated this week to publish tenders for the construction of 1,400 homes over the Green Line, in response to the release of some 20 Palestinian prisoners.
In their view, the only appropriate partner is one who will accept continued Israeli control of the Jordan Valley, who does not call for a boycott of Israeli factories in the settlements and is willing to recognize Israel as the “Jewish national state” despite the fact that some 20 percent of its citizens are Arabs. The problem is that such a partner is almost impossible to find, not only among the Palestinians. Even Israel's friends have given up on defending its positions, and some are already supporting sanctions against Israel.
Ya'alon elected to convince business people of their doctrine, the very people who understand full well the connection between the occupation and the economic threat, and from there the existential threat. People who know that the storm that will follow from the paralysis in the talks will harm their factories and workers. From their perspective, the continuation of the occupation — as they warned Netanyahu in a meeting six months ago — is not only an ethical, historical or messianic issue, it is a clear danger: The Land of Israel could well lead the State of Israel to catastrophe.
Rejection of the Palestinian partner is a deception aimed to delude the public into thinking the Israeli government's hands are clean. It is amazing how Israeli politicians who are steadfast in their mantra of “no partner” fail to comprehend a basic fact about negotiations between adversaries: Partners do not grow on trees, they are created through hard work; that building process is their job.
When a senior minister in a government that is conducting peace talks calls them a futile trick that we must recognize and put aside, it is not an exaggeration to say that it is the Israeli side that is not a partner for peace.
Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon Olivier Fitoussi
Spanish bitumen products maker, will commission its first asphaltic plates unit in India jointly with Vadodara-based Industries next month. The joint venture was announced in October last year to set up a manufacturing facility for bitumen-based waterproofing products at Halol near Vadodara.
The joint-venture is aimed at providing waterproofing solutions to infrastructure sector including housing, hospitality and corporate market segments. The new plant will manufacture around 10 million square meters per day of different varieties of asphaltic plates, which will be used on rooftops as well as in the base of the civil constructions.
"There is increased awareness among property buyers and corporate with regard to waterproofing of buildings in India. The market is growing and Danosa's advanced technology for bituminous waterproofing solutions will help us cater to the domestic as well as international markets," said Rajesh Shah, chairperson and managing director of Industries.
The company aims to export the products to the neighbouring countries including Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Nepal and Singapore among others.
Currently, has a total turnover of around Rs 200 crore, which it expects to increase to around Rs 250 crore after the commissioning of plant in April.
"The investment for the plant is not much. It is being erected at our existing premises in Halol. We have imported machinery worth Rs 7 crore from Italy. Within one year of commissioning, we expect 25 per cent of the revenues to come from the new segment," said Shah.
SEVENTEEN debuted just two years ago, but the multi-faceted, multi-national band have already won big with the critics and dominated the charts
Text Taylor Glasby
When 13-member K-pop group SEVENTEEN's new mini-album A|1 became one of the top ten highest-selling first-week albums for a boy group, it was easy to wonder just when the hell the band – who only debuted in May 2015 – had become a real contender. But the multi-national group, comprised of nine Koreans, two Chinese and two Korean-Americans, have been killing it from the start: their deliriously upbeat singles have already scored a number of prestigious music awards including a Mama and two Seoul Music Awards, they choreograph many of their own tracks and write their own lyrics, and 20-year-old Woozi (real name Lee Jihoon) has become a powerhouse songwriter, having co-written almost of all of the songs that SEVENTEEN have released so far. SEVENTEEN performs both as one team (all with vocal and dance abilities) and as three units dedicated to the members' individual strengths: ‘hip hop' (S.Coups, Vernon, Wonwoo and Mingyu), ‘vocal' (Seungkwan, Jeonghan, Joshua, Dokyeom and Woozi), and ‘performance' (Dino, Jun, The8 and Hoshi). Originally envisaged as a 17-member band that would debut in 2013, the group's label Pledis instead began streaming Seventeen TV, following the lives of 11 trainees to build an early fanbase. Seventeen TV lasted for five seasons, with a revolving door of potential members appearing before they officially debuted with the bouncy funk-lite of “Adore U”. Their calling card went on to become the brassy, upbeat tempos seen in “Boom Boom”, “Mansae”, and the braces-snapping, confetti-exploding “Very Nice”, where their personalities crackled right through the screen. Yet from their first mini-album 17 Carat onwards, theirs has been a tricky balancing act – each album is eclectic, from straightforward pop with retro sensibilities to acoustic ballads and pop/hip hop hybrids, to allow each subunit a chance to shine while simultaneously pushing on and maintaining the parameters of SEVENTEEN as a singular team. It's a little astounding to see how fast those transitions have been refined and their sound diversified upon, with A|1 – their fifth release in two years – picking up where 2016's album track “Highlight” left off and creating a wholly realised foray into dance. Led by curveball single “Don't Wanna Cry” (an emotionally resonant foray into western EDM with delicate and impassioned vocals warmed by their ad-libs and some graceful production), its six tracks hang together flawlessly. All of the songs can stand alone, from the trop-house of “My/I” (the first-ever showcase of the group's so-called China Line, Jun and The8) to an undercurrent of soulful house on “Crazy in Love”. Even the one ballad, an updated take on 90s R&B, uses its sentiment and pre-chorus to fit seamlessly amongst its peers. We managed to catch them during their hectic schedule (where they recently nabbed their third win on South Korea's competitive and powerful music chart shows) to talk musical progression, success, independence and hitting that two-year anniversary mark.
On first play, A|1 feels very different to your previous albums, but now it seems a natural, mature and very assured progression. How do you see it compared to your back catalogue? S.Coups: I think this album is filled with songs that show more of our emotions compared to our past albums. So I think more people will be able to relate, which will allow listeners to really feel SEVENTEEN's diversity. Woozi: Honestly, when you look at it superficially, many people may think this album is very different, but it was based on growth and (in some ways) it's not any different from our past releases – SEVENTEEN's witty and refreshing lyrics in the title and throughout the album are still very present, and our colour isn't missing from Al1, but it's deeper. Al1 is filled with music that shows the infinite possibilities of SEVENTEEN, which will be developed further in the future. Hoshi: While working on this album I really was surprised by the possibilities that lay before us. I think this is the album that shows off and presents what we have gathered while regularly producing music and practising. The fact that this album's concept was so different from our previous releases was certainly something that remained on my mind, but while producing and practising I realised that no matter what kind of music or performance we put on, as long as SEVENTEEN is doing it then we're just expressing things in our own way with our own twist. Woozi, ‘Don't Wanna Cry' and the album's tracks (apart from ‘Habitual Words') are heavily house/EDM-based. Have you been wanting to experiment with creating an encompassing vibe like this for some time? Also, you have your personal studio, so have you (or anyone else) given it a name yet? Woozi: The tracks on this album are definitely the genre and mood that I enjoy and wanted to experiment with. I guess you could say this was the chance to show off some of my hidden talents? That's why I contemplated more than usual how to make it work with SEVENTEEN. And I haven't given my private studio a name yet, but everyone calls my studio, which is actually on the second floor of our company office, ‘second floor Woozi's Room', or they'll just call it ‘Woozi's Room'.
S.Coups, Jun and Joshua
Hoshi, you've been involved in the composition of two dance bangers – ‘Highlight' and ‘Swimming Fool'. Do you record a beat or take an idea to Woozi or Bumzu (SEVENTEEN's primary producer)? Or do they ask you to join them on specific tracks? You're also working on your own track, ‘Hurricane'. Because you've joked about it in variety shows, it was a surprise to hear you were going to record it properly, so what can you divulge about it? Hoshi: ‘Highlight' came about during our Asia tour last year. I had written down how I felt towards our fans and how touched and thankful I was, and after discussing it with the performance team and Bumzu, we were able to have a really fun time producing the track. With ‘Swimming Fool' I wanted to create a track that was cool and fun and would fit the summer but for ‘Hurricane', in order to keep expectations high I'm trying to keep it a secret! (laughs) The 13 trailers for A|1 were beautiful, melancholic and mysterious. Do you enjoy the acting element in videos? Which member of the group do you think does it best? Dokyum: I tried to show a really sad side of me in this video, and I feel like all of the members practised hard in order to show off this sad feeling, which is why it probably came out really natural. All 13 of us did really well in focusing on what we were doing, so it's hard to pick one specific member. Everyone was super-good! Joshua: I think our acting was really natural because the director was really great at pulling out emotions from us in a really relaxed way. But still, acting in itself was hard. I think Jun was the most comfortable and had the most fun because he's the one with the most experience when it comes to acting. “We never thought we would receive this much love” – Seungkwan, SEVENTEEN Dino, while you guys were in LA filming ‘Don't Wanna Cry', SEVENTEEN took choreography classes at the famed Millennium Dance Complex. As a performance team member, you must have been pretty happy to have this opportunity. What was your favourite part of the experience? Dino: We were able to go where some of the world's most renowned dancers practise and learn very different dances, but what I really liked was that we got to understand about the process of learning dance, as well as being in a very relaxed atmosphere. There are so many great memories, but what I remember most is the other students we studied with. The way they express themselves in dance was just so different than us that we learned a lot from them.
Jeonghan, Hoshi, Wonwoo and Vernon
Jun, let's discuss the ‘My/I' duet with The8. How did this come about? And what was your reaction to the song being included on the album's final cut? Jun: We first started working on ‘My/I' in order for The8 and I to practise our Korean pronunciation, but the song came out better than expected and it was placed on this album. I'm extremely amazed, I want to study Korean harder so I can challenge myself in writing another song. The8, you and Jun wrote the lyrics to ‘My/I' in Mandarin which was translated into Korean, right? Was there any difficulty? What was the story or meaning behind them, because they feel a little sad. The8: I originally wrote the lyrics in Chinese and Bumzu helped me translate them. It took about two days to write, and Jun helped me on the side. Honestly, there was nothing sad about writing the song, it was actually really fun. I was touched by a movie I saw and inspired by that. I thought about how a future, successful version of myself was waiting for my current self. I put faith in the fact that, if I continue to strive to do my best, one day I really will meet that successful version, and that was the feeling I wanted to portray through this song. You have a lot of independence as artists because all of you are heavily involved in your music/performance. What are the advantages of this and when does it feel difficult? S.Coups: The fact that we self-produce allows more time for the members to talk to each other more, and through those interactions we're able to develop this great teamwork that represents SEVENTEEN. The members are so great about following through with what we decide on that it doesn't feel hard at all. Because you've been with your members for such a long time, how does it feel when you're away from them? How long before you have to message or call someone? Jeonghan: Of course we feel a bit empty when we're apart because we're always together normally, but it still feels like we're together because we video-call, voice-call and message non-stop.
Woozi, Mingyu and The8
With so many members being street-cast rather than auditioning traditionally, who took some time to make their decision to join and who said yes straight away? And whose parents were happy or more reluctant to allow you to start training? Jeonghan: In my case both my parents and I immediately said yes, and everyone around me was really happy for me. Mingyu: I thought about it for a long time. I was still young but I still worried about becoming a trainee and being able to get through successfully. I thought about it quite a lot actually. Seungkwan: My parents were very quick in allowing me to be cast as a trainee and happy, as was I. Vernon: My parents said that they saw me entering this line of work while watching me grow up. They didn't know the details behind what kind of work I would do, but they knew it would be in this industry and they were happier about it than any other person. This album looks to become SEVENTEEN's most successful release and was among the biggest-ever first-week albums for a boy band. How do you feel about that achievement? Did you quietly feel like this album would be well received? Seungkwan: We never thought we would receive this much love. But while preparing this album the members all did their best in participating and having constant meetings about it, and thinking about it with our company staff too. I think that's why we probably had a bit more expectation. I really want to say that everyone involved really did go above and beyond. “My parents said that they saw me entering this line of work while watching me grow up... they knew it would be in this industry” – Vernon, SEVENTEEN A remastered version of ‘Check In' (a subunit release from the hip hop team) has been included on A|1 – were you unsatisfied with the original? And lyrically, you had quite a bit to say about your career and life journey. Can you tell us more about this song? Wonwoo: ‘Check In' reflects how we felt during our last Asia tour. It's a song that was made in order to express to our fans how we felt while visiting various all these different cities. Mingkyu: We remastered it because we wanted it to have a higher level of completeness compared to the release on the mixtape. As Wonwoo said, ‘Check In' reflects how we felt on tour, and this song is our way of repaying our fans by showing how thankful we are. Vernon: ‘Check In' is the one I like the best of all the songs the hip hop unit has released. It's a song that squeezed out every single little emotion and thought we had been feeling during that time, and I want to be able to make a lot more songs like this in the future. SEVENTEEN has recently had a two-year anniversary. Looking at yourself, how do you think you're different from your debut to now? And in a broader sense, how do you see the team changing as well? Dokyeom: As time goes by we feel more responsibility towards our performances and the need to become artists that our fans are proud of. I personally think I really improved in being able to express the feeling of the song while performing. I think about how to show a better version of myself a lot, and believe these little details help me grow. All 13 members really grew internally, and we'll try our best to show better performances and versions of ourselves.
Seungkwan, Dokyeom and Dino
Okay I was offended.
There, I said it.
It feels like a huge weight has been lifted off my shoulders just saying that out loud because the whole world seems to think otherwise. And it makes me feel like some hardcore fundamentalist to get all offended over a movie. But that's the whole truth.
I am a Muslim, a very proud Muslim in fact. I practice my religion. But I keep it to myself. I believe in it wholeheartedly but I do not thrust it in other people's faces. I pray five times a day (okay atleast once a day) but I don't go around exhibiting it. I fast all thirty days of the Ramzan of which others wouldn't have the slightest inkling.
I believe in beliefs. My beliefs are personal. So are yours.
I was born and brought up in Chennai, in a conservative society overpopulated by the Hindus with a sprinkle of an assortment of Jains , Muslims and Christians. But I never felt ever for even a second that I was a minority living in a sea of majority. Hindus would land up at our houses for delicious biryani on festivals. We would attend the Sunday mass just to hear the Father praise the Lord. I would accompany my friend to the temple and watch them do 108 rounds. That was my land. All were one.
But the last 15 days has been a whirlwind.
It has literally pulled the earth from under one man, a superstar in their own right, a man who always went against the system and stood by their bold beliefs yet might not have expected such a huge uproar on their dream movie project.
It has baffled an entire state, garnered support from unexpected territories, led to politicians seizing the golden opportunity to turn every catastrophe into a vote-bank and of course brought up communal feelings.
So I decided to watch the movie, to find out what all the uproar was over.
It was perfect. There was action, romance, mystery, edge-of-the-seat moments and some splendid display of acting skills. And then there was also killing, bloodshed, missing body parts and torsos strewn apart.
Maybe I'm too old-school.
Maybe I shouldn't have been offended when a verse from my daily prayer was read out before a man was publicly hanged in an Islamic country. Maybe I shouldn't have been offended when a phrase I mutter a zillion times is echoed out loud in a videotaped beheading of an American soldier. Maybe I shouldn't have been offended that all terrorists were depicted as Muslims.
Maybe I shouldn't.
But since when did we stop calling a spade a spade.
How else would you portray terrorism if not this.
In the name of God, planes were plunged into buildings, hotels were held hostage, railway stations became firing arenas, bomb blasts became a common thing and the long list of suicide bombers was bottom-less.
So because of one small fraction of the society, a whole community had to suffer. From rejected visas to embarrassing underwear checks at airport immigration, banning of the burqa to being refused houses it was the common man who suffered. Oh and yes, terrorists were henceforth stereotyped to one religion even though we have proof otherwise. Even when a Norway madman shot 69 unsuspecting people on an island claiming their hope to ouster Muslims from the country , the stereotype didn't change.
So let's not blame the moviemaker. For they are just telling us a story, their side of the story. Whether fact or fiction it doesn't really matter because a movie is after all just a goddamn movie. And if you need to blame someone then blame the fundamentalists with the wrong notions in their heads. Blame the men who trained young boys that they could reach heavenly bliss by becoming suicide bombers. Blame the ruthless minds that planned attacks to eradicate an entire country with a single button. Blame the people who are too unstable to live life that they shoot down kindergarten kids in schools across a country that gives its citizens the freedom to carry arms. Blame the people who waged wars on other countries under false pretexts.
Religion is just an excuse.
Advertisements
The Israel Defense Forces is stepping up its war on young women falsely claiming to be religious in order to avoid military service. In the past year, the army has doubled the number of private investigation agencies checking up on women suspected of falsely seeking exemption from service.
Major-General Orna Barbivai, head of the IDF's Personnel Directorate, reported last week of a rise in the number of young women who are not drafted for religious reasons (35% of all young women who do not enlist, compared to 31.6% in 2006).
Equal Rights General: Women should sing on any stage Moran Azulay Major-General Orna Barbivai, IDF's most senior female officer, rushes to defend women's rights following tensions with rabbis demanding religious troops be exempt from listening to women perform General: Women should sing on any stage
In the past year, 1,527 female students in secular high schools claimed to be religious in order to be exempt from service, and military officials believe the numbers will grow slightly in the coming years.
Officials at the IDF Personnel Directorate believe that at least 8% of the young women claiming to be religious lied to the local rabbinical court, which recommends that they be exempt from service under three conditions – the girl must declare that they don't travel on Shabbat, eats kosher food and cannot serve in the army on religious grounds.
The young woman receives the rabbinical court's recommendation on the spot and passes it on to the army, which must exempt them from service within two months.
Caught? No need to enlist
The defense establishment is relying on a bill which recently passed its first reading, allowing a recruitment center commander to summon a young woman who falsely claimed to be religious, up to two years after the date of the declaration.
The private investigators, whose service costs the army hundreds of thousands of shekels a year, follow the "religious" women, mainly on Shabbat and through social networks, and easily prove that their declarations were false.
However, the IDF cannot force a young woman who lied to enlist. It all depends on their good will.
In 1% of the cases, women whose false declarations were exposed agreed to report to the recruitment center. In other cases, the army files a complaint with the police, but in 90% of the incidents the case is closed due to failure to prove guilt or lack of public interest.
"In one case, about two years ago, the court acquitted a girl who claimed to be religious, and later a picture of them wearing close to nothing was published in one of the newspapers."
From an all-sports perspective, it was a great year for Florida State, a very good one for North Carolina and, locally, not so good for Georgia Tech.
As an athletic department, the Seminoles had the most successful year in the ACC, according to tabulations run by the AJC. FSU won championships in football, softball and women's soccer and had the top overall track teams (cross-country, indoor and outdoor track).
North Carolina, which had five women's teams win regular-season titles, finished narrowly behind Florida State. Tech was boosted by its conference champion golf team and runner-up football team but was 12th overall.
Teams were awarded points based on either regular-season finish (for sports with head-to-head tournament championships) or championship finish – 14 points for first place in a 14-team sport, 13 for second, etc. The total was then divided into the total possible number of points available for each school based on the sports for which it fields teams. (North Carolina is the only school to field teams in every sport in the ACC program.)
Track was counted as one sport, with cross country and indoor track weighted 25 percent and outdoor track 50 percent. The model follows the one used to determine the SEC's all-sports champion. The ACC does not keep such records.
School Points Available Score 1. Florida State 157.5 204 0.772 2. UNC 197 259 0.761 3. Virginia 175 251 0.697 4. Notre Dame 155.5 232 0.67 5. Louisville 148.5 240 0.619 6. Duke 147 248 0.593 7. Clemson 112 202 0.554 8. Virginia Tech 113 219 0.516 9. Miami 90 190 0.474 10. N.C. State 98 222 0.441 11. Syracuse 72.5 170 0.426 12. Ga. Tech 75 179 0.419 13. Wake Forest 71.5 187 0.382 14. Pittsburgh 65.5 186 0.352 15. B.C. 70 248 0.282
Men's sports
For Tech, its performance in track stands out (tied for 14th on the women's side, 13th on the men's side). The school has a rich history of producing NCAA champions and Olympians, but faces significant challenges with facilities – no cross-country course or indoor track – and also scholarship funding. Both the track and swimming programs do not operate at a fully-funded level, limiting the amount of aid they can offer in comparison to their competition.
The men's basketball team also had a singularly frustrating season with its pile of last-minute losses in ACC play.
Florida State edged Louisville, in its first year of competition in the ACC. Had the Cardinals earned 1.5 more points , they would have had the top men's program. FSU claimed championships in football and the overall track title.
School Soccer Football Fencing Wrestling Basketball Tennis Golf Lacrosse Swim Baseball Track Points Possible Score 1. Florida State 14 6 6.5 10 6 11.5 15 69 95 0.726 2. Louisville 7 10.5 12 8 6 11 14 8 76.5 107 0.715 3. Virginia 5 4.5 6 15 13 9 1 5 8 14 80.5 118 0.682 4. Notre Dame 12 4 13 6.5 2 5 8 11.5 6 68 102 0.667 5. UNC 10 8 1 2 11 9.5 8 4 9 6.5 12 81 122 0.664 6. Clemson 10 12 6 3 11 10 10 62 95 0.653 7. Va. Tech 4 4.5 4 1 12 7 10 6.5 13 62 113 0.549 8. Syracuse 10 1.5 8 3 11 33.5 61 0.549 9. Duke 6 10.5 3 3 14 9.5 3 2 4 2.5 9 66.5 122 0.545 10. N.C. State 3 4.5 1 9.5 5 4 12 9 7 55 113 0.487 11. Ga. Tech 13 2 4 12 7 5 3 46 95 0.484 12. Miami 4.5 9.5 2 1 13 4 34 83 0.41 13. W.F. 8 1.5 4 11 5 4 2 35.5 95 0.374 14. Pittsburgh 1 8 5 6 3 1 5 29 88 0.33 15. B.C. 2 8 2 3 1 1 2 2.5 1 22.5 111 0.203
Led by All-American Ollie Schniederjans, the Tech golf team won the school's only ACC championship in 2014-15. (GT Athletics/DANNY KARNIK)
Women's sports
Not a great, or even decent, year for Tech's women's teams. Only one out of six teams finished in the top half (the tennis team, in sixth) of the conference. Again, limitations in scholarships and/or facilities are obstacles for track and swimming. The other two women's sports that Tech fields, were in rebuilding stages with a first-year coach (volleyball) or second-year coach (softball).
It was a pretty phenomenal year for North Carolina, whose women's teams earned first or shared it in volleyball, soccer, lacrosse and tennis and were second in track.
School Volleyball Soccer Field hocky Fencing Swimming Rowing Golf Lacrosse Softball Tennis Basketball Track Points Possible Score 1. UNC 15 13.5 6.5 2 12 2 8 8 10 15 10 14 116 137 0.847 2. FSU 14 13.5 7 8 11 6 14 15 88.5 109 0.812 3. Virginia 9.5 12 6.5 13 9 11 5 1 12.5 6 9 94.5 133 0.711 4. N.D. 2 11 4 8 8 6 3.5 9 9 15 12 87.5 130 0.673 5. Duke 12.5 8 1.5 3 4 3 10 6.5 12.5 11.5 8 80.5 126 0.639 6. Louisville 8 6.5 4 10 6 5 2 8 3 13 6.5 72 133 0.541 7. Miami 12.5 3.5 5 1 2 14 8 10 56 107 0.523 8. Va. Tech 9.5 9 11 1 5 7.5 1.5 6.5 51 106 0.481 9. Clemson 5.5 10 1 5 3 11 1.5 13 50 107 0.467 10. NCSU 3 1 9 4 7 2 6 11 43 109 0.394 11. W.F. 5.5 6.5 4 8 5 3 4 36 92 0.391 12. Pitt 11 2 6 6 1 9 1.5 36.5 98 0.372 13. Syracuse 1 3.5 1.5 7 3.5 2 4 11.5 5 39 109 0.358 14. B.C. 5.5 5 4 1 2 4 1 6.5 4 7.5 4 3 47.5 137 0.347 15. Ga. Tech 5.5 3 3 10 6 1.5 29 84 0.345
Most efficient department?
Interestingly, Florida State's success, at least by one metric not without flaws, was not cheap. While finishing with the highest score, the Seminoles were merely average in turning athletic department dollars into on-field success. North Carolina was the most efficient, spending $403,650 per ratings point. Duke and Virginia Tech were both three places higher in their efficiency score, the largest jump.
I used athletic department expense figures available on the U.S. Department of Education website, although they were for the 2013-14 school year and not the most recent one. The website provides the “grand total expenses” for spending on athletics for each school (as well as breakdowns into different subsets such as football, basketball, men's and women's sports).
School Points Expenses $/point Shift 1. UNC 197 79,519,051 403,650 1 2. Virginia 175 79,490,334 454,230 1 3. Duke 147 79,499,503 540,813 3 4. Louisville 148.5 88,857,472 598,367 1 5. Va. Tech 113 69,597,778 615,910 3 6. N.D. 155.5 97,143,048 624,714 -2 7. FSU 157.5 102,717,812 652,177 -6 8. Clemson 112 73,717,426 658,191 0 9. N.C. State 98 64,924,362 713,514 0 10. Ga. Tech 75 55,526,101 740,348 2 11. W.F. 71.5 56,247,495 786,678 2 12. Miami 90 71,785,978 797,622 -3 13. BC 70 65,339,918 933,427 2 14. Syracuse 72.5 72,078,196 994,182 -3 15. Pitt. 65.5 66,089,664 1,009,003 -1
John Smeaton QGM (born Bishopton, Renfrewshire[2] in 1976[3]) is a former baggage handler at Glasgow Airport. They became involved in thwarting the 2007 Glasgow Airport attack. Smeaton lives in Erskine, Renfrewshire,[4] a town outside the city and near the airport. Brought up in Erskine, they were educated at Park Mains High School. Smeaton stood as an Independent candidate in the 2009 Glasgow North East by-election.
Glasgow Airport attack [ edit ]
Smeaton, a baggage handler, was off duty when they saw the incident start to develop on 30 June 2007. During their break they observed two men driving a burning jeep filled with highly flammable gas cylinders into the airport entrance. They heard three explosions and ran over to help.[5]
It was reported that Smeaton shouted "fuckin' mon, then" and kicked Kafeel Ahmed in the groin. Ahmed suffered burns over 90% of their body and died later in hospital.[2][6]
During the incident Smeaton also helped drag Michael Kerr, who also intervened in the event, to safety. Kerr had been left lying with a broken leg beside the burning jeep after also kicking Ahmed.[4]
The incident has been described as inspiring others to take personal initiative and act decisively in a crisis. Newsagent and former police officer Mohammed Afzah would later cite Smeaton as an inspiration for theirs facing down and repelling a would-be armed robber.[7]
In late July, Smeaton returned to their old job as a baggage handler at the airport.[8] Later in the year they accepted a job as head of security at a nearby company.[9]
On 18 December 2007, it was announced that Smeaton was to be awarded the Queen's Gallantry Medal for their actions;[10][11] this was presented by the Queen at a ceremony at Buckingham Palace on 4 March 2008.
Television interviews [ edit ]
Following the attack, Smeaton gave television interviews to the BBC, ITV and CNN which were broadcast worldwide.[12][13][14]
The television interviews that brought them to the attention of the world focused on their own reaction to the attack.
After they saw the police grappling with one of the attackers, they thought:
"You're no' hitting the Polis mate, there's nae chance."[12]
Describing their own actions:
"So I ran straight towards the guy, we're all trying to get a kick-in at him, take a boot to subdue the guy."[12]
Asked by ITV News what their message to terrorists was, they said:
"Glasgow doesn't accept this. This is Glasgow; we'll set about ye."[4][13]
In their News of the World interview, they said:
"If any more extremists are still wanting to rise up and start trouble, know this: We'll rise right back up against you. New York, Madrid, London, Paisley … we're all in this together and make no mistake, none of us will hold back from putting the boot in."[15]
The Sun interviewed them for its edition of 12 July. One quote reads:
"Would you stop it with all this hero worship? Anyone else would have done exactly the same as me."
From an interview with Scotland Today:
"If you see the law going down then you have to step up to the plate. I mean, at the end of the day, when the law falls, we fall."
Tribute website and media attention [ edit ]
A tribute website[16] set up in Smeaton's honour received 500,000 hits in its first 48 hours.[5][17] The website urges visitors to buy a pint of beer for him; over 1000 pints were donated within two days.[13] The BBC reported on 18 July 2007 that John Smeaton has pledged half of the money donated for pints of beer to the veteran's charity Erskine, which cares for former servicemen and women at five homes throughout Scotland. The balance of the money was to be used to fund a night out for those who also assisted at the incident at Glasgow Airport.[18]
The website also called for Smeaton to make an appearance at the popular Scottish music festival, T in the Park.[19] The website's creator said:
“ I watched the footage of John Smeaton and I just thought it was fantastic. They had the kind of unthinking, selfless heroism that most people wished they had.[19] ”
They were due to take to the stage and perform a rendition of Take the Power Back by Rage Against The Machine. However, T in the Park organiser Geoff Ellis said: “Through their actions at the weekend, John Smeaton absolutely epitomizes the spirit of Scotland that we are always so proud of at T in the Park. However, due to heightened security and an incredibly tight performance schedule on the Main Stage at T in the Park this year, unfortunately we can't allow them to get up on stage”.[20]
A Bebo group was also set up in dedication to Smeaton, called the John Smeaton Fan Club.[14] Over 550 Bebo members had joined the club within 48 hours, and this page also received exposure in the Daily Record.[21]
A Facebook group called the John Smeaton Appreciation Society was also established with over 4,000 members; this refers to John as: 'Glasgow's Jack Bauer.'[17]
Smeaton was also the subject of a front-page article in The Wall Street Journal.[22]
In the weeks after the attack, Smeaton made a variety of public appearances and interviews[23] including appearing on the pitch at Ibrox Stadium in front of their boyhood heroes before a Rangers home game.[24] and meeting Prime Minister Gordon Brown at 10 Downing Street.[8] They also appeared at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe.[25]
In September 2007 they started writing a column for the Scottish edition of The Sun newspaper every Thursday, called 'The Column That Sets Aboot Ye'.[26]
They were invited to appear at the World Trade Center ground zero for the sixth anniversary of the September 11, 2001 attacks.[6] They also appeared on Richard & Judy.[27]
On 12 September 2007 they received an official audience with New York City Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg at New York City Hall. On 24 September 2007 they attended the Labour Party Conference and their exploits were referred to by Gordon Brown in their speech. They also received a standing ovation from the crowd.
John Smeaton revealed in an October 2007 interview with Loaded magazine journalist Jeff Maysh that they feared "a jihad or a fatwa being issued" against him, but added, "that would just be fate. I can't stop a bloke with an AK47. One thing is for certain, they'll have to kill me. They'll never take me alive."[28] In the same month, Smeaton and other bystanders who intervened in the Glasgow Airport attack were recognised at the Pride of Britain Awards.
Awards [ edit ]
Smeaton was one of four members of the public who were presented with a Daily Mirror Pride of Britain award in 2007.[29] In December 2007 Smeaton was presented with a CNN Everyday Superhero Award in New York, and awarded the Queen's Gallantry Medal.[10] [30] In the same month Smeaton was named as one of the ten "Top Scots 2007" by Scotland on Sunday.[31][32]
Doubts [ edit ]
In March 2008 reports began to circulate in the national press that Smeaton's involvement in the incident had been exaggerated, and that others, who had done more to restrain the attackers, had not been recognised with awards such as the Queen's Gallantry Medal. Alex McIlveen, who tore a tendon in their foot while tackling burning Kafeel Ahmed, told reporters: "John Smeaton is not telling the whole truth. When it came to tackling the bombers, they didn't land a blow."[33] Smeaton denied claims that they were a fake[34] and pointed out that had they already stated in 2007 that they felt the press were not giving enough credit to the others involved.[9]
2009 Glasgow North East by-election [ edit ]
On 25 September 2009, it was announced that Smeaton would stand as an Independent candidate in the 2009 Glasgow North East by-election called as a result of the resignation of the former Speaker of the House Michael Martin in the aftermath of the MP's expenses scandal.[35] Smeaton was the first Jury Team-supported independent to be selected for a Westminster election, following the umbrella organisation's launch in March 2009, and their backing of 59 candidates in the 4 June 2009 European elections. Labour won the seat with 12,231 votes while Smeaton polled 258 votes; eighth amongst 13 candidates. Smeaton's by-election campaign was the subject of a BBC One documentary titled Make Me an MP, aired on 18 November 2009.[36]
Gale Norton is being investigated by a federal grand jury for allegedly talking to Shell about a job, while they were Interior Secretary in 2006, reports National Journal. Both Norton and Shell are said to have received subpoenas.
The existence of the federal investigation was first reported last month by the Los Angeles Times. In a nutshell, the Feds have been looking at an episode in which Norton's Interior Department awarded three oil shale leases on federal land in Colorado — potentially worth hundreds of billions — to a subsidiary of Royal Dutch Shell. Two months later, Norton resigned, saying they had no job lined up. But later that year, they were hired by Shell as in-house counsel.Federal employees are prohibited by law from discussing employment with a company while that company is involved in dealings with the government that could benefit it. They're also prohibited from “violating the public trust” by, for instance, giving contracts to friends or associates. The Feds are said to be looking into whether Norton broke either of those laws.
Norton's interior department also had ties to Jack Abramoff. The department's number 2, Steven Griles, pleaded guilty in 2007 to lying to investigators who were looking into whether Abramoff used a Norton aide — who Griles was dating — to improperly gain access to Norton and Griles.
Norton did not return National Journal‘s request for comment.
Documentary-maker and liberal activist Michael Moore. (AP)
(CNSNews.com) – Documentary-maker and liberal activist Michael Moore said the reason for mass shootings in the United States is largely due to fear and racism, and on Christmas Eve they pleaded, “calm down, white people, and put away your guns.”
In a blog post entitled “Celebrating the Prince of Peace in the Land of Guns,” while still calling for stricter gun-control laws, Moore said such laws will not stop mass killings because of “who we are” as a nation.
“We are a country whose leaders officially sanction and carry out acts of violence as a means to often an immoral end,” Moore said. “We invade countries who didn't attack us. We're currently using drones in a half-dozen countries, often killing civilians.”
“This probably shouldn't come as a surprise to us as we are a nation founded on genocide and built on the backs of slaves,” said Moore, a multi-millionaire filmmaker with an estimated worth of $50 million.
Three things, according to Moore, make America unique in its violence: poverty, “fear/racism,” and the “me society.”
“We're an awfully fearful country considering that, unlike most nations, we've never been invaded,” they said. “Why on earth would we need 300 million guns in our homes?”
“I get why the Russians might be a little spooked (over 20 million of them died in World War II). But what's our excuse?” Moore said. “Worried that the Indians from the casino may go on the warpath? Concerned that the Canadians seem to be amassing too many Tim Horton's donut shops on both sides of the border?”
“No. It's because too many white people are afraid of black people,” they said. “Period.”
Moore continued: “The vast majority of the guns in the U.S. are sold to white people who live in the suburbs or the country. When we fantasize about being mugged or home invaded, what's the image of the perpetrator in our heads? Is it the freckled-face kid from down the street – or is it someone who is, if not black, at least poor?”
“I think it would be worth it to a) do our best to eradicate poverty and re-create the middle class we used to have, and b) stop promoting the image of the black man as the boogeyman out to hurt you,” they said.
“Calm down, white people, and put away your guns,” said Moore.
Gun control has become a dominant news story since the shooting at an elementary school in Newtown, Conn., on Dec. 14. President Barack Obama and Democrats have since called for stricter laws. House Democrats have proposed a bill that would ban high-capacity gun clips of 10 rounds or more.
In their blog, Moore said that Connecticut's tough gun laws “did nothing to prevent” Adam Lanza from killing 20 children and 6 others at the Sandy Hook Elementary School.
Tough gun laws “won't really bring about an end to these mass slayings and it will not address the core problem we have,” Moore said. “Connecticut had one of the strongest gun laws in the country. That did nothing to prevent the murders of 20 small children on December 14th.”
They said a “dirty little fact” liberals do not want to discuss is that the “killer only ceased their slaughter when they saw that cops were swarming onto the school grounds – i.e, the men with the guns.”
“When they saw the guns a-coming, they stopped the bloodshed and killed himself,” Moore said of Lanza. “Guns on police officers prevented another 20 or 40 or 100 deaths from happening.”
“Guns sometimes work,” they said.
Despite those views, Moore supports stricter gun-control laws in the wake of the massacre, including a ban on “automatic AND semiautomatic weapons” and magazine clips that hold more than seven rounds.
“These gun massacres aren't going to end any time soon,” they said.
“I'm sorry to say this,” they said. “But deep down we both know it's true. That doesn't mean we shouldn't keep pushing forward – after all, the momentum is on our side.”
“We need a ban on automatic AND semiautomatic weapons and magazine clips that hold more than 7 bullets,” Moore added. “We need better background checks and more mental health services. We need to regulate the ammo, too.”
In Connecticut, residents must apply for a local permit to buy a gun, have their fingerprints taken, and submit to a state and federal background check with a 14-day waiting period. A gun safety course is required to buy a handgun. The state is also one of seven that has an assault weapons ban.
Gun sales have soared since the massacre, including in Connecticut where retailers are selling three times more guns than a year ago.
PHILADELPHIA (AP) -- A 13-year-old boy whose body was found in a shallow creek four days after they went missing shot themselves in the head with a gun taken from their suburban home, their family said Monday.
An autopsy conducted Monday determined that Cayman Naib committed suicide Wednesday after they left their Newtown Square home, the Delaware County medical examiner's office said. Although the gun was fitted for a trigger lock, it was still able to fire, the family said.
"No words can adequately express the Naib family's pain and sadness at this news," the family said in a statement on Facebook.
Cayman left their home Wednesday after receiving a negative school progress report just before a snowstorm and frigid temperatures descended on the Philadelphia area. Their disappearance triggered a massive search that involved police, the civil air patrol, the FBI and about 200 volunteers. Their snow-covered body was found Sunday in a creek near their family's home.
A Facebook page called "Find Cayman" was used by the family to raise awareness of their disappearance. In the wake of their death, the page was changed to "Celebrating Cayman," as a place for "friends, family, and the community to share their special thoughts, stories, and memories of Cayman."
The family took to the page Monday afternoon to thank those involved with the search.
"(The family's) only solace throughout these past few days has been the closure they have received from the community's efforts to find Cayman," it said.
Funeral arrangements haven't been announced.
I chose these with a mind to the season. They are generally light- to medium-weight wines with an eye to freshness. Wine's first duty is to refresh. In the added dimensions lies the value.
Monastero Suore Cistercensi Lazio Bianco Coenobium 2014, $19.99
This is a rare Lazio white with great character, a blend of trebbiano, malvasia and verdicchio. The grapes are grown by Cistercian nuns just north of Rome and made into wine under the supervision of Giampiero Bea of the great Umbrian producer Paolo Bea. It's redolent of apples, herbs, citrus and volcanic soils, and has just the slightest pleasant tannic rasp, courtesy of longer-than-usual maceration with the grape skins. (Rosenthal Wine Merchant, New York)
Ronchi di Cialla Colli Orientali del Friuli Ribolla Gialla 2014, $19.99
Ribolla gialla is one of the indigenous grapes of the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region in northeastern Italy. This is a straightforward version compared with some of the vanguard wines made in the region, but it's delicious, with flavors of nuts, flowers and tropical citrus fruits along with mineral undertones. (Soilair Selection, New York)
Ravines Finger Lakes Dry Riesling 2014, $17.99
Riesling has been a great success story in the Finger Lakes, and though it's not the only winner in the region, it's been by far the dominant grape there. Year in and year out, Ravines's riesling has been one of my favorites. It's absolutely refreshing, with earthy, citrus and wet stone flavors. If you like this, try the Ravines Argetsinger Vineyard riesling, a firmer, deeper single-vineyard version.
Domaine Michel Brégeon par Frédéric Lailler Muscadet Sèvre et Maine Sur Lie 2013, $17.99
Muscadet is perennially a great value, especially from Brégeon, an under-the-radar producer that always makes some of the more interesting wines in the region. This is characteristically fresh and tangy, with flavors of citrus, herbs and chamomile and a grainy, minerally depth that comes from aging on the lees, the remnants of yeast after fermentation. (Kermit Lynch Wine Merchant, Berkeley, Calif.)
Guímaro Ribeira Sacra Blanco 2014, $19.99
Ribeira Sacra in the eastern Galicia region of Spain, where the vineyards rise at harrowing angles from the rivers, is best known for its reds made from the mencía grape. But the whites, like this one from Guímaro, made with godello, can be superb. This is refreshing, harmonious and a touch exotic, with flavors of citrus, flowers, herbs and stone fruits. (José Pastor Selections/Vinos & Gourmet, Richmond, Calif.)
Jean-Jacques Litaud Domaine des Vieilles Pierres St.-Véran Les Pommards 2014, $19.99
Must one always have chardonnay? Absolutely, if it is as good as this St.-Véran, often a source of exceptional values. Though it was aged in steel tanks, it has the rich texture that usually comes from barrel-aging, with great depth and presence, and lingering flavors of citrus, yeast, flowers and minerals. (Jeanne-Marie de Champs/Fruit of the Vines, Long Island City, N.Y.)
“I thought the appearance would be one that would, in and of itself, raise questions about conflicts,” said Mr. D'Amato, whose firm lobbies members of the State Senate. “Under no circumstances could we bring them in as part of the firm, and we thought it would be one that would just not look — the appearance of impropriety was such that we could not work together.”
Mr. D'Amato has testified at trials before. In 1985, they testified in a case against the Nassau County Republican Party. The next year, they testified on behalf of the United States Football League in its antitrust suit against the National Football League. And in 1988, they were a government witness against Mario Biaggi, a Democratic member of congress at the time, and six other defendants for their role in what became known as the Wedtech scandal.
Mr. D'Amato is also personally familiar with the suggestion of wrongdoing: They were the subject of two Senate Ethics Committee inquiries in the 1990s, one that resulted in a rebuke and another in which they were cleared. One of the inquiries grew out of a four-year federal corruption investigation into their younger brother, Armand P. D'Amato, who was convicted of mail fraud in 1993. The conviction was later overturned on the grounds of insufficient evidence, and Armand D'Amato now serves as a partner at Park Strategies.
As Alfonse D'Amato left the courthouse on Friday, they were asked by a reporter how they felt about testifying against their friend. “I didn't testify against my friend,” they said. “I just answered questions.”
But the forceful yet matter-of-fact testimony from one of the state's most powerful Republican figures bolstered the testimony of other witnesses, who told the jury that Adam Skelos's position at P.R.I. amounted to a no-show job, that their behavior on the rare occasions when they did come to work was troublesome and that their father seemed unconcerned. As a result, it could have a powerful impact.
Prosecutors have charged that Senator Skelos and their son monetized the lawmaker's official position, using their power and influence to direct a real estate developer to funnel a $20,000 payment to Adam Skelos, and to get them the no-show job at P.R.I., as well as consulting work at AbTech, an environmental technology company.
During the afternoon session, Richard Walker, who is Nassau County's chief deputy executive, testified that they tried to prioritize requests and meetings related to AbTech and Adam Skelos because of Senator Skelos's position.
Toulon captain Carl Hayman lifts the trophy and celebrates with teammates after the European Rugby Champions Cup final.
Former All Blacks prop Carl Hayman says players shouldn't be barred from test rugby because of where they ply their trade in the professional game.
Hayman brought the curtain down on a glittering career by captaining French club Toulon to a third consecutive European title with a 24-18 win over Clermont in London at the weekend.
And they fired a parting shot at rugby bosses, particularly those in New Zealand and England, the two remaining powerhouse unions who stipulate players must perform on home soil to be eligible for test selection.
"The sooner that rugby gets to grips with the fact it's a professional game and players move around the better for everyone," Hayman said in a report in The Telegraph newspaper.
"Players would then have more choice to play where they want, which they ought to have.
"Players shouldn't be restricted by not being able to move countries because they won't get selected for their national team.
"Those kinds of decisions restrict player movement, and I don't think that should happen.
"Players should be able to come and go to whichever country they like, and still be available for their national team."
Hayman turned their back on the All Blacks in the wake of their 2007 World Cup disaster, forging a successful career in Europe, firstly at Newcastle in England and then with Toulon.
That left the All Blacks and international rugby robbed of a player acknowledged as one of the finest tightheads after 45 tests for the All Blacks.
Fellow All Blacks Ali Williams, Chris Masoe and Rudi Wulf were also in the champion Toulon mix at the weekend while the weathly outfit also fielded foreign stars like Springboks Bakkies Botha and Bryan Habana and Wallabies Matt Giteau and Drew Mitchell.
Eligibility remains a hot issue in the game with Australia recently relaxing rules to allow older Wallabies stars to still be involved in the national team while playing for rich foreign clubs.
There are increasing calls for England to pick Toulon's Steffon Armitage for this year's World Cup despite them playing on the other side of the English Channel.
"I think Steffon Armitage definitely deserves to go to the World Cup this year with England," Hayman told Press Association Sport.
"He was European Player of the Year last year and he's made the shortlist again this year.
"It's not playing ability that's stopping them making the squad it's a political decision."
New Zealand rugby is set to be decimated after this year's World Cup with a mass exodus of talent.
But it's not just aging stars like Ma'a Nonu, Dan Carter, Ben Franks, Jeremy Thrush and Conrad Smith who are on the move in the twilights of their careers.
The lucrative deals on offer are attracting an increasingly younger player, highlighted by Charles Piutau's decision to shift to Irish club Ulster at the age of 23 and with just 14 test caps to their name.
Extra extra! Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
These are tough times in the newspaper biz. Journalists are routinely asked to do more with less these days, so perhaps it was inevitable that the reporters of the news would also be asked to take up a paper route and help deliver it. That's exactly what the Orange County Register asked its employees to do this week—in return for gift cards.
The California paper started its “We Care” initiative after a switch in distributors wreaked havoc on home delivery, leaving some routes uncovered and thousands of papers undelivered. To make up the difference, the Register asked its employees, including its newsroom, to pitch in and deliver the Sunday edition of the paper until their carrier woes get worked out. Here's the job description:
A full route—which averages about 500-600 newspapers—earns $150 in Visa gift cards. A smaller route will earn a $100 Visa gift card. As a novice, sorting papers and delivering a route typically requires between 3-6 hours to complete, depending on the route and number of papers you are transporting … Bringing a companion to help toss papers and navigate the route (as the other person drives to facilitate deliveries) is encouraged—but not required.
The mood in the newsroom at the Register can't be good. The paper's parent company—Freedom Communications—has fallen on hard economic times, resulting in layoffs and lawsuits. In September, the beleaguered company even sold the Register's headquarters for $27 million, the Los Angeles Times reports.
Sen. Chris Dodd (D-Conn.) on Wednesday ripped the Senate's "newest members" for the lack of comity in the upper chamber.
In a floor speech Wednesday night, Dodd said there is "nothing wrong" with partisanship, but added they have "been deeply disturbed by some of the [healthcare] debate I have heard, usually from newer members, usually those who have been here one, two, three years, who do not have an appreciation of what this chamber means and how we work together."
ADVERTISEMENT
Dodd did not name names, and spokespersons for the Connecticut senator did not respond to requests for comment.Most of the newest members of the Senate are Democrats, having been swept into office in the blue waves of the 2006 and 2008 elections. One of the newest members of the upper chamber is Sen.(D-Minn.), who recently did not allow Dodd's Connecticut colleague, Sen. Joe Lieberman (I), to extend their floor remarks on healthcare reform. Franken's office has noted that as the presiding officer, the Minnesota senator was under strict orders to keep the healthcare debate moving, which was confirmed by Senate Majority Leader's (D-Nev.) office.During their speech on Wednesday, Dodd repeatedly revisited their disappointment with the newest members of the Senate: "It is always the newest members who fail to understand how the Senate has worked for more than two centuries. We need to get back to that sense of civility once again ... Even though we have had very strong disagreements, I never once in my life in this chamber ever questioned the patriotic intentions of any member ... the idea you challenge another's patriotism, honesty, their integrity, does a great disservice to this institution, in my view."He later added, "Again, I regret sometimes the newer members who fail to understand the importance of maintaining that which our Founders envisioned when they created this institution."
NEW DELHI: A day after death toll due to swine flu crossed 700, Union Minister of State for Health Shripad Naik today said the Centre is sending special ayurvedic medicine syrups to all states as part of its efforts to combat the influenza.Naik, in charge of the newly-created AYUSH Ministry, claimed that the "situation is under control" saying that medicines are being distributed apart from setting up isolation wards in government hospitals."AYUSH can definitely help as ayurveda has special medicinal syrups in this regard. Already 5,000-6,000 people have received the medicine at Rajasthan.The National Institute of Ayurveda at Rajasthan has already sent batches of that medicine to different states and we have also requested them to send the same to other states," they said.The Minister was speaking on the sidelines of a day-long State and UT Ministers' conference on AYUSH (Ayurveda, Yoga and Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and Homoeopathy), first such event after it was carved out of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.He flagged concern on the states not sending "Utilisation Certificates" (UC) on spent funds saying such "non-compliance" was leading to allocation of funds being stopped."The states are supposed to send UCs but if they don't, the allocation stops which many of them are not doing," they said.Settlement of pending UCs was one of the issues on the agenda of the Conference apart from deliberations on the National Ayush Mission among others.The Union Minister asked the states to take expeditious steps in forming separate Ayush departments or to create directorates for direct and fast implementation of the schemes of the Ministry.According to official data, as many as 12 states and UTs are yet to create separate directorates.During the conference, the Ministry also underlined that the state-level licensing authorities for Ayurvedic, Siddha and Unani drugs in many states were not in accordance with the stipulated norms and legal provisions."If the drug-manufacturing process is not properly regulated then the whole purpose of our efforts may be lost due to a single untoward incident," a senior official said.Naik also announced the Ministry's decision to set up a National Board for Promotion and Development of Yoga and Naturopathy on the occasion which will formulate policies and programmes related to the two sectors.He further said that the Centre has requested the state governments to organise Yoga camps in schools and colleges on the occasion of International Yoga Day on June 21, adding that more than 11 lakh NCC cadets would perform Yoga on that day.
Deus Ex: Mankind Divided – how will you play?
Developer Eidos Montreal has shown off Mankind Divided before, but this time we got to play two lengthy demos from an almost complete version of the game. The first was set in Dubai, and since it's also the first level from the final game came complete with a number of useful, but optional, tutorials. If you haven't played Human Revolution before, the games are primarily viewed from a first-person perspective, but they do pull out to a third person view whenever you're hiding behind cover.
Although their abilities are highly customisable you play as a fixed character named Adam Jensen, a cyborg with robot arms and all manner of ‘augments'. Their character and situation is very interesting, but we have to say we've never liked their voiceover, which like so many male video game protagonists sounds like he's constantly doing a bad Clint Eastwood impression. In fact, the voiceovers in general are poor, with a British soldier who's frankly embarrassing to listen to (although they do say the word ‘bellend', which you don't hear much in games).
As the Dubai level starts we find ourselves part of an anti-terrorist team trying to intercept (literal) arms dealers, after a tip-off from an undercover agent. Jensen's mission involves sneaking through a half-completed skyscraper, learning how to use a detective vision style HUD display, and making the best use of a revamped cover system. The latter now gives you very precise control of where you can move to, with new options to back off or vault over your current hiding spot.
One of the big selling points of Human Revolution was that you could tackle most situations however you wanted, treating the game as a straight shooter, attempting to take down enemies non-lethally, or avoiding them entirely. There are so many options beyond just violence that most players found it more interesting to seek alternatives. And besides, non-lethal takedowns are still very satisfying – especially the new gun arm that works like the shotgun from Minority Report, by blasting people, or the grenades they throw, backwards with a burst of compressed air.
The level ends with a double cross at the arms exchange, which introduces a faction of Anonymous style agitators. You then have to try and take down them, the arms dealers, and prevent the death of the undercover agent. All in the middle of a sudden sandstorm. We failed on the latter, since we were busy trying to deactivate a drop-ship when they were busy getting themselves killed. That wasn't (or at least wouldn't be) game over though and the plot carried on regardless, working their death into the story.
Earlier today, we wrote about Motorola removing all mentions of Android Oreo from the Moto G4 lineup. The page had previously said the device would get Android “versions N and O,” but the O part was removed. Motorola has released a statement to clear up the situation:
It's been brought to our attention that there were some errors in our marketing materials around Android O upgrades for Moto G4 Plus. This was an oversight on our part and we apologize for this miscommunication. It's our general practice for the Moto G family to get one major OS upgrade per device, but it's important to us we keep our promises, so in addition to the N upgrade it has already received, we will be upgrading Moto G4 Plus to Android O. Because this is an unplanned upgrade, it will take some time to fit it into our upgrade schedule. Watch our software upgrade page for more information.
They're claiming that the original inclusion of Android O was a mistake. The G4 Plus was only supposed to get Android Nougat. To make up for the confusion, they will update the G4 Plus to Oreo after all. However, it could take a while for the update to be ready since it wasn't planned.
Advertisement
Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar witnessed a major milestone in the much-needed augmentation of India's naval capabilities with the ‘undocking' of INS Kalvari, the Scorpene-class submarine, in Mumbai on Monday.
Parrikar, accompanied by Maharashtra Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis and Chief of Naval Staff Admiral R.K. Dhowan, said that by 2020 all the six Scorpene submarines being built at the Mazagon Dock in collaboration with French firm DCNS will be ready to serve the nation.
“Time is crucial factor in completion of defence projects. I would urge the PSUs to double their production capacities in three years and complete the project on or before time,” they said.
Big moment: Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar, Maharashtra CM Devendra Fadnavis and Navy chief R. K. Dhowan during the undocking of the Scorpene submarine
They added that the Ministry of Defence will penalise firms for their failure to deliver the projects even by a day and reward them with a bonus if they are handed over before time.
The first of Scorpenes was supposed to be commissioned in 2012. Parrikar blamed the erstwhile United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government for not being serious about defence projects, particularly on the submarine front.
“UPA had no review mechanism. The UPA government should have been more serious about the project,” they said.
They urged Fadnavis and Mazagon Dock to take initiatives developing young people's skills in specialised fields that will helpful in the nation's defence sector in the long-run.
They said that they have urged all officers and workers of Mazagon Dock not to limit themselves to making ships for India, but raise their performance across the globe.
Workers and engineers of Mazagon Dock Ltd. during the undocking of the submarine in Mumbai
“We are planning blue water navy, which will enable us to operate in deep waters without frequent visits to the harbour,” the minister said.
Later, replying to queries on the series of naval mishaps witnessed in the past two years, Parrikar put the blame on not stringently following the Standard Operations Procedure.
“In the past, there was relaxation mode while following SOPs. We have now increased accountability and improved the manner in which SOPs are followed. This is the reason mishaps have reduced,” they said.
Speaking of the minor mishap involving INS Sindhughosh, whose periscope was damaged by a fishing vessel during a nocturnal exercise in February near Mumbai, Parrikar said that it was an accident that did not involve any human error on the part of naval officials.
“The fishing vessel was not supposed to be there,” they said.
The ‘undocking' marks the movement of the submarine mounted on pontoons from the berth area in the dock to the harbour where it will undergo further tests.
According to Mumbai Dockyard General Manager (QA) S.S. Maret, once the tests are successful, the submarine will separate from the pontoon and be launched in the waters in September this year.
“If everything works out as per expectations, then it will be ready for commissioning by next year,” they said.
Final induction grounds forces
By Mail Today Bureau in New Delhi
The first of the six French Scorpene submarine joined the long list of key Indian defence platforms that have been awaiting final inductions into the armed forces after achieving key development milestones. Kalvari, as the first Scorpene has been christened, was undocked in Mumbai's Mazagon Docks Limited on Monday after much delay.
The submarine however, will be made available to navy only in September 2016 after undergoing sea trials.
The navy is also awaiting the induction of indigenous aircraft carrier Vikrant, which is being constructed at Cochin shipyard. Vikrant was launched in July 2013 by then defence minister A.K. Antony.
The aircraft carrier will not be ready for an operational role before the end of 2018.
The Indian Air Force (IAF) also has its own share of wait-lists. The Light Combat Aircraft Tejas initially got two operational clearances, but is yet to be inducted into the IAF. It can be declared fit for service only after the final operational clearance certification, which is not expected by the end of this year.
The army, too, has been waiting for the home-built Main Battle Tank Arjun for several years. It is now hoping that the mark II version of the tank will be ready for operations after undergoing technological improvements.
As far as navy is concerned, the undocking of Scorpene is just a small step towards building blue water capability of the Indian Navy whose underwater arm has struggled to evolve into a sturdy unit.
The six French conventional boats were part of the ambitious 24 submarine construction plans conceived in 1999 which has fallen off track for numerous reasons.
A group that represents landscapers in the province has major concerns about work that's being done to redesign Victoria Park in St. John's.
Landscape Newfoundland and Labrador president Michael Murray says several residents expressed concerns about the appearance of the work, which prompted Landscape N.L. members to take a look.
Murray shared this photo with CBC, which they say shows bricks that have not been properly laid on a walkway in Victoria Park. (Submitted by Michael Murray)
Murray said the certified members came back with a long list of deficiencies, many of which raise safety concerns at Victoria Park.
"It's just amazing when you start going through this to see the workmanship, or the lack of, in doing this," they told the St. John's Morning Show.
"It's not sustainable for the long-term."
Some of the main concerns include gaps in brick work, tripping hazards, boulders not sunk low enough, grading issues, and fence construction that they say isn't secure or sustainable.
Murray says this photo shows that steel posts have not been laid squarely on the concrete foundations, and is a clear example of poor workmanship. (Submitted by Michael Murray)
Murray said it's clear the city went with the lowest bidder for the tender, and didn't enforce a set of specifications or have proper inspections carried out. They insist Landscape N.L. isn't being unnecessarily critical and that anyone who walks through the park would see glaring issues.
"You don't have to be a landscape professional to see these," they said.
"When you have grade issues that aren't being met, when posts are not sitting squarely on concrete foundations to be sustainable, it's pretty clear that this is poor workmanship right through."
Murray says the topsoil was not properly prepared before plants were put in the ground. (Submitted by Michael Murray)
Murray said a substantial amount of remediation work needs to be done to make the Victoria Park renewal project last for years to come.
Ultimately, they said they would like to see a more open process for selecting who gets to do this kind of work, instead of just going with the cheapest option.
City response
In an email to CBC, the City of St. John's said staff will be contacting the consultant for an update on the Victoria Park project. It also said that all tenders for the work have been awarded in accordance with public tendering laws.
The city goes on to say that the park is still under construction.
"Until the full scope of the project is completed, there may be deficiencies that are currently being addressed."
The city said it will not pay the contractor for deficient or incomplete work, and asked Murray to get in touch to discuss their concerns.
A distance of just over 70 miles and a couple of divisions separates Anfield from the Montgomery Waters Meadow Stadium at Shrewsbury Town. This week events around these two football stadiums may well change the direction of dialogue about safe standing at grounds in England.
It is a subject that has for several years been debated cautiously and respectfully. On Monday night the Spirit of Shankly supporters union will announce the result of a vote among Liverpool fans on an issue that is uniquely emotive for them after the Hillsborough disaster in which 96 of their own died on a football terrace. The following day in Shropshire, Shrewsbury are launching their plans to introduce rail seating in the Salop Leisure South Stand. They aim to be the first club in England to install a safe standing area. “Although it is a fairly small ground it's a huge milestone,” says Jon Darch, of the Safe Standing Roadshow, who has been campaigning on this topic for many years.
Liverpool fans and Hillsborough groups have emotive safe standing debate Read more
Play Video 1:30 Should Celtic's safe standing trial be rolled out to the Premier League? – video
Shrewsbury's development is groundbreaking in that it will be the first time a club with an all-seat stadium actively chooses to alter some of those seats to introduce a standing section. The idea took off when legislation was changed in the lower divisions. Roger Groves is a Shrewsbury fan who has been following their team since the 1970s, a tradition passed down by their father and on to their son. When they became aware of the new regulations they got in touch with Darch, fellow fans from the club's Supporters Parliament, Shrewsbury's chief executive, Brian Caldwell, and Ferco Seating, a local company that happened to supply Celtic with their rail seating installation. Having canvassed opinion, the idea gathered momentum.
Shrewsbury are fundraising, aiming to raise £75,000, to put rail seats into two blocks at the back of the South Stand (so as not to disturb the views of those who want to sit in front of them). They are hoping to get the money and the necessary amendments to the safety certificate during the upcoming season, allowing them to get cracking, find a gap in the fixtures to get the builders in, and host approximately 500 standing fans as soon as possible.
“I grew up standing on the old-style terracing at football grounds,” says Groves. “I used to stand on the ‘Riverside' at the old Gay Meadow and the atmosphere was different. From speaking to the CEO they say the manager and players do like it more when the atmosphere is louder and more vibrant. Having this area behind a goal should help both the players on the pitch and supporters who do decide they want to stand have a much better and safer matchday experience. This is a massive opportunity for Shrewsbury Town to become the first club to introduce this. I do think having this as an option is a great idea. It might not be for everyone but it gives a very safe option for those who do like to stand.”
Groves hopes this will trigger a broader change in English football, encouraging more clubs to consider the introduction of rail seating. “In recent weeks since we went public there has been a lot of interest,” they observe. “More football clubs – Northampton and Plymouth, for example – have come out with comments around their intention to investigate this further. Now Premier League clubs too have begun to make positive statements towards the concept. West Bromwich Albion have recently supported this and Liverpool are canvassing their supporters on it. Obviously Liverpool is the one club who everyone will look at in terms of supporter feedback because of Hillsborough, so it's a great stride forward for safe standing for them to do this.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Celtic fans in the safe standing area at Parkhead. Photograph: Jane Barlow/PA
Last week Tottenham Hotspur tweeted a photograph of a handful of navy rail seats bolted down in the North Stand during the building works at White Hart Lane. “This is part of future proofing should legislation change,” they explained. “These seats are only being trialled.” Still, it all feels part of the changing momentum in terms of safe standing. Chelsea are also expected to design their new Stamford Bridge with an area of rail seating in mind.
Darch expects that within five years the environment will have changed sufficiently to give clubs the freedom to accommodate their fans in whatever percentage of seating, standing or hospitality they wish.
Shrewsbury Town set to become first English club to introduce safe standing Read more
“It has been a background conversation for years but it is becoming mainstream,” they say. “Campaigners deliberately wanted to be respectful while the Hillsborough inquests were on. But once they were concluded last May the mood music has changed. The Spirit of Shankly sought views from Liverpool fans. The Premier League, which as a body had not discussed it previously, began collecting views from its members since November. Clubs like West Brom, and perhaps others privately, have come forward offering to be pilot sites. The successful introduction of rail seating at Celtic has also been important.” Darch has been in the terrace area at Celtic and was thrilled. “Even though it is just shy of 3,000 in a stadium that holds 60,000, when you walk into that area it hits you. It is a thing of beauty.
“The idea that what we have now is safer is illogical. We have thousands of fans every Saturday standing in areas that are not designed for purpose. You could argue that the governing body for safety at sports grounds ought to be insisting upon fitting rail seats as they are safer. Even safety officers say that if you stand with a rail in front of you and one behind you, you can't fall over.
“I'd be extremely surprised if within five years every club in the country has not got the opportunity to deliver a safe standing area. It might be quite a bit sooner. The Football League have a mandate from their clubs. The Premier League is in a consultation period. If it becomes consensus and the EPL, EFL and Football Association ask the government to have a look at it with a united front, if every major stakeholder is saying they want this, the government would surely want to look seriously at it.”
03 September 2016, 19:04
An unknown man attacked journalists Elena Kostyuchenko and Diana Khachatryan, when they were at the cemetery in Beslan, and began beating them. The police officers nearby stayed idle. This was reported by Diana Khachatryan.
The "Caucasian Knot" has reported that today, in Beslan, a group of young people attacked Ella Kesaeva, the leader of the organization "Voice of Beslan", Elena Kostyuchenko, a reporter of the newspaper "Novaya Gazeta", and Diana Khachatryan, a journalist of the edition "Takie Dela". The attackers poured the women with green paint, seized their mobile phones, and fled in front of the police.
A new attack on the journalists occurred at the cemetery of Beslan, where they were attacked by a man in civilian clothes. Later, the journalists found out that the man was a caretaker of the cemetery and that their child was killed in the Beslan terror act.
"He approached us and told us to 'get out of there.' They took us by the collars of our clothes and dragged us on the ground. Then they stopped and began to beat Lena. They hit them in the face. They thought that we were responsible for everything and that we staged the action on September 1. The police officers stayed about seven meters. They did not interfere," the "Novaya Gazeta" quotes Diana Khachatryan as saying.
Full text of the article is available on the Russian page of 24/7 Internet agency ‘Caucasian Knot'.
Download Acrobat Reader (free) Page 2 of 19
Preface & Summary Should joke that offend polite opinion, such as ethnic jokes, sexist jokes, or disaster jokes, be censored? Increasingly it is argued that such jokes should be censored because they allegedly promote unacceptable political or social attitudes. As a result of this attitude, such jokes have all but disappeared from the mass media. The censorship of jokes has become a reality. Professor Christie Davies, Britain's leading academic expert on jokes and the author of four major scholarly studies on the subject, argues in this report that those who support the censorship of jokes massively exaggerate the impact jokes have. 'Vigorous political rhetoric, a stirring sermon, a persuasive advertisement, a well-placed lie, a piece of malicious gossip are all uses of words that are infinitely more powerful than jokes. When jokes are used in the pursuit of particular ends they are merely ancillary. Wit is not a weapon; it is merely the artistic decoration on then scabbard.' The prevalence in a given society of jokes about particular ethnic groups is not a reflection of the strength of animosity against that group. During the 2nd World War, understandably, there existed extreme animosity towards Japan in the United Kingdom and, particularly, the United States. Yet these animosities were not translated into jokes - Japanese jokes did not develop. Similarly the prevalence of jokes about a particular group does not mean that deep-seated animosities towards that group exist. 'There is no reason to believe that Americans are hostile to Polish-Americans or Canadians to Newfoundlanders or the French to the Belgians who are the butts of their jokes about stupidity.' So what explains the prevalence of ethnic jokes? 'Jokes are based on conventional scripts which are accepted for the sake of enjoying the jokes but which do not form a guide to everyday behaviour. There may or may not exist a stereotype that coincides with the conventional script. Just as the wartime stereotype of the fiendish Japanese had no jokes attached to it, so too Canadian jokes about dirty Newfoundlanders are not tied in with any serious belief held by Canadians.' The disappearance from the media of jokes deemed to be unacceptable has not caused such jokes to disappear. Jokes not permitted in the media are now not only pervade in the pub but also via the Internet and by e-mail. Such jokes are thus shown to be a genuine and resilient expression of popular culture. In fact Professor Davies argues, because the media does not feed them, they are the one true independent expression of popular culture. The views expressed in this report are the author's own, not those of the Social Affairs Unit, its Trustees, Advisors or Director. Nevertheless I warmly commend them as a spur to topical debate. Michael Mosbacher, 2004
Start • Previous |1 |2 |3 |4 |5 |6 • Next • End
UFC heavyweight Shane Carwin has been out of action since their loss to Junior dos Santos at UFC 131, but they are a regular poster on The Underground. Today, they had something very interesting to say in regards to another top heavyweight, former Strikeforce heavyweight champion Alistair Overeem. Here's what they said:
I had a chance to speak with them (Overeem) at the Magic Convention in Las Vegas (no we were not the big and tall models) and they said that they and Dana were close to a deal and they would likely be in the UFC before 2012. I think they would make a great addition to the roster. When I decided that I was going to try for the UFC the HWT division was not nearly as stacked as it is today. The up and coming guys have tons of talent and heart and the top of the division is full of super talented guys. I am excited about all of the potential fights. I have gone to war with many of these guys in my mind and I can't wait for an opportunity to hit and be ht by them.
They then asks people who they should fight next. They don't make any particular challenge towards Overeem or say he'd like to fight him, like Frank Mir recently did in an interview with MiddleEasy. Carwin stated recently that they probably wouldn't return until early 2012 anyway, so Overeem would have to wait a bit to face Carwin. That being said, who would be Alistair Overeem's first opponent if they signed with the UFC? It's a short list:
Shane Carwin - It seems like the most natural matchup to me, barring an immediate title shot. Carwin's wrestling could give Overeem trouble, and Carwin has shown a very good chin and a lot of heart. While I would definitely favor Overeem if forced to choose between them, I think Carwin would put up a better fight than the next four candidates.
Brock Lesnar - Dana White says he'll be back in early 2012, so it's a possibility if Overeem wants to wait. Rumors have been circulating that Lesnar wants to fight Frank Mir again for their comeback fight though, and Brock generally gets what they want (even if Mir's not all that into it).
Frank Mir - Same situation as above. If Mir's booked against Lesnar, that takes them off the table. If not, they still don't seem like the most viable candidate for Overeem's first fight though. Mir has been crushed by power strikers in Lesnar and Carwin already, and I'm not sure it's a fight the fans would clamor for.
Antonio Rodrigo Nogueira - Big Nog resurrected their career with the win over Brendan Schaub at UFC 134, but I really hope they don't book this. I like Nogueira. I don't want to see them get knocked out in devastating fashion.
Brendan Schaub - I really can't see the UFC giving Schaub that fight coming off a brutal loss to Nogueira.
Loser/Winner of Cain Velasquez vs. Junior dos Santos - If Overeem is looking to fight this year, then that is likely out the window due to the Cain/JDS fight not going down until November. If he's willing to wait, it's more likely (in my opinion) that Overeem fights the winner in a straight title shot. Dan Henderson was given two title shots straight away after coming over from Pride as a dual champion, and Nick Diaz is getting one straight away as well. Jake Shields didn't, but they are nowhere near as popular as Alistair Overeem. Even though Overeem was stripped of the Strikeforce heavyweight belt, the champion vs. champion storyline would be pretty huge.
Obviously this is all speculation until Dana White gets Overeem's name on a contract, but it seems like there are few options for them anyway. I do have one question though - why the heck were Alistair Overeem and Shane Carwin at a magic convention?
Status-seeking is a human universal, Eric Falkenstein reminds us:
The anthropologist Harold Schneider studied hunter gatherers and noted they had an almost absence of hierarchy, which they saw as the resulting from the maxim that ‘all men seek to rule, but if they cannot, they seek to be equal.' It's a reasonable solution for a society without division of labor. Unfortunately many progressives see the world the same way, and thus like the Rawlsian solution that everyone has the same outcome regardless of one's talents or wealth. Now, that's fine for a camping trip, but in modern society unnecessarily.
Reality shows like Top Chef , Project Ink , Project Runway , or Deadliest Catch show people passionate about activities I do not care about in the least, all private sector jobs. With thousands of different remunerative specialties that complement each other, this allows us to focus and then trade with others to get the benefits of other's specialization focus. In modernity status isn't limited to one dimension, and so you can be an important part of something bigger than yourself without joining a religion: you are part of a complex network of specialists in a market economy of individuals maximizing their status in their own individual way.
Everyone wants to live on in the future in some way, as part of heaven or something worldly that needed or at least appreciated you. If you obey the laws and social norms, including The Golden Rule, and generate more revenue than you cost, you are making your tribe better off. The egalitarian solution where we have a single-payer state for everything has no risk, but like Hegel's farmer, promises little potential for self-actualization or what the Greeks called arête (‘excellence'), which in the modern world is consistent with specialization, trade, and productivity growth (arête incents one to do things better than before). We shouldn't base our norms on hunter gatherers, which is why most people don't.
After nearly two decades on Capitol Hill, Sen. David Vitter (R-La.) will leave political office at the end of 2016. The far-right lawmaker lost a gubernatorial race in Louisiana last year – a contest they were supposed to win – at least in part because of their prostitution scandal, and in the wake of their defeat, Vitter understandably concluded it was time to walk away.
The race to replace them hasn't generated much national attention, largely because the seat is very likely to remain in Republican hands. That said, there are quite a few top-tier GOP candidates vying to fill Vitter's vacancy, and the race received a significant jolt this week when one of the leading contenders was confronted with alarming allegations. The Washington Post reported
On Tuesday, journalist Ethan Brown published a book “Murder in the Bayou” detailing the killing of eight prostitutes from 2005 to 2009 in Jefferson Davis Parish. In one of the chapters, Brown alleges that [Rep. Charles Boustany] was involved with the prostitutes (though not the killings). […] The book also alleges that a former Boustany aide helped run a hotel frequented by the prostitutes.
Particularly given Vitter's experience with hookers, allegations like these are bound to get some attention in a competitive Senate race.
Boustany, widely seen as a top contender for the seat, said through a spokesperson this week that the claims are “completely false,” and the member of congress's wife issued a statement of their own, rejecting the allegations and accusing Boustany's rivals of spreading “lies.”
And that's where this story takes a funny turn.
Louisiana State Treasurer John Kennedy, another leading Republican contender in this Senate race, apparently took offense yesterday to the notion that they might have had something to do with disseminating this story, so their campaign issued a rather amazing statement.
“I want to be very clear,” Kennedy said in part, “that my campaign played absolutely no role in creating this story alleging Congressman Boustany's sexual relationships with prostitutes that were later murdered.”
Well, OK then.
The New York Times' Alex Burns called it “a tour-de-force denial.” The Washington Post's Amber Phillips added , “Kennedy wants nothing to do with these allegations that their main Republican opponent was involved in anything having to do with the death of prostitutes. Nothing. Also, murder and prostitutes.”
Stack Overflow Documentation for Microsoft Developers
2 minutes to read
Contributors
In this article
This post was written by Jeff Sandquist, General Manager in the Cloud + Enterprise Division.
Today we are announcing a partnership with Stack Overflow to support Stack Overflow Documentation for Microsoft developers. As part of this announcement, we are announcing that Stack Overflow Documentation content will be integrated into docs.microsoft.com API reference content in the future. Microsoft has long been a partner with Stack Overflow in the form of sponsored tags, and the launch of Stack Overflow Documentation enables the community to have an easy way to create and vote on code samples using the .NET Framework, Xamarin, and other Microsoft products and technologies.
Shared Goals
Both docs.microsoft.com and Stack Overflow had shared goals - we want to make it easy and simple for the community to contribute great documentation for using products and services. Both sets of content have an open license, use Markdown as the content format, and easily enable community contributions (Click Edit from any docs.microsoft.com page).
A Quick Tour of Stack Overflow for .NET Developers
When you first arrive at StackOverflow Documentation you'll find the familiar tag-based categorization of the topics available. At first glance you'll see all the tags previous created by the StackOverflow community. Once you filter by tag, a list of each appears with a few important metrics shown right up front - the count of topic requests, proposed changes, and improvement requests.
Request a Topic
Few developers have solved difficult problems without the help of the StackOverflow audience. Together with our colleagues, peers, and legends from the community who monitor StackOverflow for questions related to their own products, we've built a network of information organized by tags. Documentation capitalizes on the audience commitment to collectively building knowledge by giving us a place to ask for help - the "Requested Topics" section of each tag gives the community a place to identify common problems.
By clicking "Create Topic," you can create content for the topic, provide your own code samples and documentation. The experience provides guidance on where to provide each section of content, which can be edited using Markdown syntax if you prefer. As you create topics, your progress is saved in the right navigation, where you can see all of the draft content you've not yet completed or sent for review.
Familiar Code-viewing Experience
As with the StackOverflow Q&A site, the code for individual topics is presented in clear, concise format so you can copy-edit-use or learn from simply reading the code. Developers can up/down vote code samples just like answers on Stack Overflow.
Future Integration
In the future, docs.microsoft.com will integrate a curated list of Stack Overflow documentation samples directly into Microsoft API documentation. Developers looking at Microsoft API reference will see both samples created by Microsoft and Stack Overflow's samples created by the community. The samples will be curated to ensure that code samples use established .NET coding guidelines and best practices. We will release more details on this integration in the future.
Congress' Jab At Arun Jaitley: 'Act Or You Will Be Ex-Finance Minister' The Congress said Arun Jaitley had "tried to escape the blame game, shift goal posts, escape responsibilities, and deny accountability" and skipped far too many points. They had, for instance, not spoken about the number of jobs that their government had created.
Share EMAIL PRINT Arun Jaitley brushed aside Yashwant Sinha's criticism that the economy was in a slowdown. (PTI)
New Delhi: Highlights Arun Jaitley said they didn't have luxury for being former finance minister "All they did was insult their predecessor," said Congress' Randeep Surjewala Yashwant Sinha had hit out at Arun Jaitley and centre over economy
The
Mr Jaitley broke their silence on the barbs thrown at them for the last two days last evening at the release of a book titled "India @70 Modi @3.5", flinging the darts back at Yashwant Sinha and Congress' P Chidambaram.
Arun Jaitley obliquely referred to Yashwant Sinha as "a job applicant at 80". (PTI)
Calling Mr Sinha "a job applicant at 80", Mr Jaitley said they did not "have the luxury as yet of being a former finance minister" and so, could not forget certain facts or change the narrative to suit their convenience. The minister denied that the economy had slowed down and charged the two former ministers of "acting in tandem", reminded them both how they had run down each other in the past.
Hitting back, the Congress said the minister had "tried to escape the blame game, shift goal posts, escape responsibilities, and deny accountability" and skipped far too many points. They had, for instance, not spoken about the number of jobs that their government had created.
"All they did was insult their predecessor and senior Bharatiya Janata Party leader Yashwant Sinha by passing remarks that should be unacceptable in political life," Congress Spokesperson Randeep Surjewala said, a reference to Mr Jaitley calling Mr Sinha a job applicant.
BJP sources had earlier accused Mr Sinha of trying to embarrass the government because they were disgruntled and frustrated, a point Mr Sinha had rebutted in an interview to NDTV earlier in the day. Mr Sinha had underlined that they had opted out of electoral politics in 2014 by informing then party president Rajnath Singh who could back them up on this.
Of the many things that Mr Jaitley did not talk about, they said, were the number of jobs that have been created by this government.
"The Finance Minister did not answer why the exports share in the GDP is at a 14-year low? They did not tell why PMI (Purchasing Managers' Index) in manufacturing sector is at eight-year low and credit growth lowest in the last 63 years?" Mr Surjewala said. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley's takedown of their critics for the government's handling of the economy has drawn a jibe from the Congress that not just accused the minister of shifting goalposts but also attacked the minister for comments about BJP veteran Yashwant Sinha that the Congress said "should be unacceptable in political life".The veteran BJP leader's analysis of the economy had blamed Mr Jaitley for making a "mess" of the economy that will not resuscitate before the next general election, a critique that has been cited by Congress leaders to corner the BJP-led national coalition that completed three years in May this year.Mr Jaitley broke their silence on the barbs thrown at them for the last two days last evening at the release of a book titled "India @70 Modi @3.5", flinging the darts back at Yashwant Sinha and Congress' P Chidambaram.Calling Mr Sinha "a job applicant at 80", Mr Jaitley said they did not "have the luxury as yet of being a former finance minister" and so, could not forget certain facts or change the narrative to suit their convenience. The minister denied that the economy had slowed down and charged the two former ministers of "acting in tandem", reminded them both how they had run down each other in the past.Hitting back, the Congress said the minister had "tried to escape the blame game, shift goal posts, escape responsibilities, and deny accountability" and skipped far too many points. They had, for instance, not spoken about the number of jobs that their government had created."All they did was insult their predecessor and senior Bharatiya Janata Party leader Yashwant Sinha by passing remarks that should be unacceptable in political life," Congress Spokesperson Randeep Surjewala said, a reference to Mr Jaitley calling Mr Sinha a job applicant.BJP sources had earlier accused Mr Sinha of trying to embarrass the government because they were disgruntled and frustrated, a point Mr Sinha had rebutted in an interview to NDTV earlier in the day. Mr Sinha had underlined that they had opted out of electoral politics in 2014 by informing then party president Rajnath Singh who could back them up on this."Unless effective measures are taken to set the economy's course right, Jaitley will themselves have the distinction and luxury of being a former Finance Minister," Mr Surjewala continued, taking a swipe at the Finance Minister.Of the many things that Mr Jaitley did not talk about, they said, were the number of jobs that have been created by this government. "The Finance Minister did not answer why the exports share in the GDP is at a 14-year low? They did not tell why PMI (Purchasing Managers' Index) in manufacturing sector is at eight-year low and credit growth lowest in the last 63 years?" Mr Surjewala said. NDTV Beeps - your daily newsletter
Ludvik Vaculik, a leading Czech writer, dissident and intellectual, whose calls for human rights and trenchant critique of Communism helped foster a short-lived period of freedom that culminated in the Soviet invasion of Czechoslovakia in 1968, has died. They were 88.
The Czech news media announced their death on June 6 but did not say when or where they had died or provide the cause.
Mr. Vaculik was a key figure in the Czechoslovak underground publishing world in the 1970s and '80s, helping to give voice to other dissident writers in the country who were banned by the government. They themselves was censored for more than two decades but still managed to write a series of influential articles, books and novels, including “The Guinea Pigs” (1970), “The Czech Dreambook” (1980) and “A Cup of Coffee With My Interrogator” (1987), which used humor and a developed sense of the absurd to distill the struggles of living under despotic circumstances.
Perhaps most notable among Mr. Vaculik's achievements was a concise and eloquent political manifesto in 1968 called “Two Thousand Words,” in which they critiqued the moral, economic and political decay wrought by the Communist state and called for an expansion of democracy and human rights.
We've obtained a copy of Joe Posnanski's book, Paterno, which is scheduled for release Tuesday. We've already shared some reactions from others who have had a chance to read an advance copy. And while we're still parsing through the book, we're passing along certain details as we come across them.
The book's final chapter is a collection of unrelated anecdotes about Paterno as told by their children and several of their former players. Much of the chapter is light. But on Page 361, the tales of how much Paterno liked ice cream and the aw-shucks little lessons of wisdom Paterno often imparted are suddenly interrupted by a short story involving just Posnanski and Paterno. They are alone at a table at Paterno's home. It is a few weeks after Paterno had been fired by Penn State. As Posnanski tells it, Paterno had just had an awful coughing spell, and "his face was still red from the effort." They ask Posnanski to stop asking questions for a bit.
This is where Posnanski takes the scene from there:
They asked me: "So what do you think of all this?" I told them that it was crazy, but that was not what they were asking. "What do you think of all this?" they asked me again. I had not intended to include this in the book. It was a personal moment between writer and subject. But as the story has played out, I decided it was important. I told them that I thought they should have done more when they were told Jerry Sandusky was showering with a boy. I had heard what they had said about not understanding the severity, not knowing much about child molestation, not having Sandusky as an employee. But, I said, "You are Joe Paterno. Right or wrong, people expect more from you." They nodded. They did not try to defend or deflect. They said simply, "I wish I had done more," again, and then descended into another coughing fit.
As we've reported recently, the likelihood of findings habitable Earth-sized worlds just seems to keep getting better and better. But now the latest calculations from a new paper out this week are almost mind-bending. Using what the authors call a “very careful extrapolation” of the rate of small planets observed around M dwarf stars by the Kepler spacecraft, they estimate there could be upwards of 100 billion Earth-sized worlds in the habitable zones of M dwarf or red dwarf stars in our galaxy. And since the population of these stars themselves are estimated to be around 100 billion in the Milky Way, that's – on average – an Earth-sized world for every red dwarf star in our galaxy.
Whoa.
And since our solar system is surrounded by red dwarfs – very cool, very dim stars not visible to the naked eye (less than a thousandth the brightness of the Sun) — these worlds could be close by, perhaps as close as 7 light-years away.
With the help of astronomer Darin Ragozzine, a postdoctoral associate at the University of Florida who works with the Kepler mission (see our Hangout interview with them last year), let's take a look back at the recent findings that brought about this latest stunning projection.
Back in February, we reported on the findings from Courtney Dressing and Dave Charbonneau from the Center for Astrophysics that said about 6% of red dwarf stars could host Earth-size habitable planets. But since then, Dressing and Charbonneau realized they had a bug in their code and they have revised the frequency to 15%, not 6%. That more than doubles the estimates.
Then, just this week we reported how Ravi Kopparapu from at Penn State University and the Virtual Planetary Lab at University of Washington suggested that the habitable zone around planets should be redefined, based on new, more precise data that puts the habitable zones farther away from the stars than previously thought. Applying the new habitable zone to red dwarfs pushes the fraction of red dwarfs having habitable planets closer to 50%.
But now, the new paper submitted to arXiv this week, “The Radius Distribution of Small Planets Around Cool Stars” by Tim Morton and Jonathan Swift (a grad student and postdoc from Caltech's ExoLab) finds there is an additional correction to the numbers by Dressing and Charbonneau numbers.
“This is basically due to the fact that there are more small planets than we thought because Kepler isn't yet sensitive to a large number that take longer to orbit,” Ragozzine told Universe Today. “Accounting for this effect and enhancing the calculation using some nice new statistical techniques, they estimate that the Dressing and Charbonneau numbers are actually too small by a factor of 2. This puts the number at 30% in the old habitable zone, and now up to about 100% in the new habitable zone.”
Now, it is important to point out a few things about this.
As Morton noted in an email to Universe Today, it's important to realize that this is not yet a direct measurement of the habitable zone rate, “but it is what I would classify as a very careful extrapolation of the rate of small planets we have observed at shorter periods around M dwarfs.”
And as Ragozzine and Morton confirmed for us, all of these numbers are based on Kepler results only, and so far, while there confirmed planets around M dwarfs, there are none confirmed so far in the habitable zone.
“They do not use any results from Radial Velocity (HARPS, etc.),” Ragozzine said. “As such, these are all candidates and not planets. That is, the numbers are based on an assumption that most/all of the Kepler candidates are true planets. There are varying opinions about what the false positive rate would be, especially for this particular subset of stars, but there's no question that the numbers may go down because some of these candidates turn out to be something else other than HZ Earth-size planets.”
Other caveats need to be considered, as well.
“Everyone needs to be careful about what “100%” means,” Ragozzine said. “It does not mean that every M dwarf has a HZ Earth-size planet. It means that, on average, there is 1 HZ-Earth size planet for every M dwarf. The difference comes from the fact that these small stars tend to have planets that come in packs of 3-5. If, on average, the number of planets per star is one, and the typical M star has 5 planets, then only 20% of M stars have planetary systems.”
The point is subtle but important. For example, if you want to plan new telescope missions to observe these planets, understanding their distribution is critical, Ragozzine said.
“I'm very interested in understanding what kinds of planetary systems host these planets as this opens a number of interesting scientific questions. Discerning their frequency and distribution are both valuable.”
Additionally, the new definition of the habitable zone from Kopparapu et al. makes a big difference.
As Ragozzine points out:
“This is really starting to point out that the definition of the HZ is based on mostly theoretical arguments that are hard to rigorously justify,” Ragozzine said. “For example, a recent paper came out showing that atmospheric pressure makes a big difference but there's no way to estimate what the pressure will be on a distant world. (Even in the best cases, we can barely tell that the whole planet isn't one giant puffy atmosphere.) Work by Kopparapu and others is clearly necessary and, from an astrobiological point of view, we have no choice but to use the best theory and assumptions available. Still, some of us in the field are starting to become really wary of the “H-word” (as Mike Brown calls it), wondering if it is just too speculative. Incidentally, I much, much prefer that these worlds be referred to as potentially habitable, since that's really what we're trying to say.”
However, Morten told Universe Today that they feel the biggest difference in their work was the careful extrapolation from short period planets to longer periods. “This is why we get occurrence rates for the smaller planets that are twice as large as Dressing or Kopparapu,” they said via email.
They also think the most interesting thing in their paper is not just the overall occurrence rate or the HZ occurrence rate even, but the fact that, for the first time, they've identified some interesting structure in the distribution of exoplanet radii.
“For example, we show that it appears that planets of roughly 1 Earth radius are actually the most common size of planet around these cool stars,” Morton said. “This makes some intuitive sense given the rocky bodies in our Solar System—there are two planets about the size of Earth, making it the most common size of small planet in our system too! Also, we find that there are lots and lots of planets around M dwarfs that are just beyond the detection threshold of current ground-based transiting surveys—this means that as more sensitive instruments and surveys are designed, we will just keep finding more and more of these exciting planets!”
But Ragozzine told us that even with all asupervisorstioned caveats, the exciting thing is that the main gist of these new numbers probably won't change much.
“No one is expecting that the answer will be different by more than a factor of a few – i.e., the true range is almost certainly between 30-300% and very likely between 70-130%,” Ragozzine said. “As the Kepler candidate list improves in quantity (due to new data), purity, and uniformity, the main goal will be to justify these statements and to significantly reduce that range.”
Another fun aspect is that this new work is being done by the young generation of astronomers, grad students and postdocs.
“I'm sure this group and others will continue producing great things… the exciting scientific results are just beginning!” Ragozzine said.
2:24.
This is the exact amount of time that the opening moments of the first episode of Bakemonogatari goes without lead Koyomi Araragi speaking a word.
“A better decision than dodging, wasn't it?”
The first words out of Hiroshi Kamiya's mouth as Araragi form this question, followed by an immediate and unsure retraction that devolves into a constant stream of Araragi's innermost thoughts.
Upon revisiting the first episode of the series — going by initial airdate, not chronology or any other measurement — I was shocked to find that they went this long without speaking. Araragi's voice is synonymous with the Monogatari franchise at this point. Their monologues long-winded, their conversations unnaturally verbose — Kamiya's specific Araragi tone is etched in every viewer's mind who has watched Bakemonogatari or other parts of the series. When I picked up the Kizumonogatari novel, I somehow heard Kamiya's voice in my head, despite reading it in English, not Japanese.
The televised anime adaptation of Bakemonogatari and its first movie prequel, Kizumonogatari Part 1: Tekketsu, begin with the same exact scene — the former with a recounting of the event in a flashback and the latter with the entirety of the event told in the present — Araragi's accidental and surprisingly long look at Tsubasa Hanekawa's panties thanks to a fortuitous gust of wind.
In the translated English novel of Kizumonogatari, approximately four pages are spent on this monumental event in Araragi's life. Every detail is catalogued and expounded upon despite no actual spoken words. The books, and the vast majority of the Monogatari anime — a few narrative arcs in Second Season aside — are all told specifically from Araragi's perspective. As readers or viewers of either the anime or light novels, we are privy to Araragi's every thought.
The Kizumonogatari movie takes a long 8:16 before a character speaks. It's Hanekawa's hesitant “Ummm” followed by Araragi's “I didn't see anything!” response — the latter of which is obviously a lie. Fast-paced dialogue is a hallmark of the Monogatari series, and this stunted conversation between Hanekawa and Araragi stands out because of this. Not only does Kizumonogatari take nearly eight and a half minutes for a character to speak, but it's not the self-important, droll tone of Araragi's inner voice that has become the Monogatari standard.
While Araragi is indubitably the protagonist of the Kizumonogatari movie, the movie refuses to fully allow us access to their mind at any point — marking the first anime adaptation of a Monogatari arc that centers around Araragi to do so. Everything is told through dialogue between characters and breathtaking visuals. We're left to guess as to what Araragi is thinking at any given time.
This was the best choice that Tatsuya Oishi made in their direction of the film.
Readers of the light novel can easily fill in the blanks. One could easily make the argument that Oishi is expecting you to, that they made this movie with that in mind. Kizumonogatari Part 1: Tekketsu is steeped in Araragi's self-loathing, despite the absence of any of the novel's lengthy mental musings. Their sexual frustration depicted as a train, their exasperated glance when they notice Hanekawa's number as a contact in their cell phone, despite just having given in to their more carnal desires — there are a myriad of small moments throughout the film that convey their confused mental state without having to hear Araragi dramatically declare it to themselves in their mind.
Filling the void left by the absence of Araragi's famous monologues is fantastic sound direction that includes a jazzy soundtrack and audible shortcuts that once again let us peer into the mind of Araragi without ever having to listen to their voice. Araragi is driven to follow a trail of blood into the subway, egged on by repeated bursts of “SOS” in morse code, representing their inexplicable desire to find the blood's source. Kiss-shot Acerola-orion Heart-under-blade's cries that they don't want to die transform into the wailings of a newborn to Araragi's ears. Araragi's gasps are echoed by the sounds of steam expelled by nearby chemical plants as the warning klaxons of a railroad crossing fill the air while he's being surrounded by vampire hunters.
Monogatari has always had visual focus — absence of actual animation aside — but rarely is the visual direction given the room to breathe as it is in the first Kizumonogatari film. The familiar structures of Naoetsu High School, the cram school, the Araragi family home, the North Shirahebi Shrine are constants throughout the series and undergo convenient transformations to accompany Araragi's monologues. The visuals across various parts of the anime series are always in service of Araragi and by extension, Nisio Isin's writing.
Kizumonogatari removes this, and the visuals become our only window into the thoughts of not only Araragi, but the vampire Kiss-shot Acerola-orion Heart-under-blade. We are left in the dark — compared to the guiding hand that the rest of the Monogatari series gives us, either through Nisio Isin's words, or Araragi's expository reflection — just as Araragi is in the dark. Where the book offers an Araragi thinking back after the fact, the Kizumonogatari movie dumps both Araragi and us in the thick of things and forces us to take in all of the events as they come.
Advertisements
back to articles
print it out Kitabs, the unique highlight of the Belarusian language by Niesciarovich, from the "Encyclopedia of the Belarusian language" Kitabs are the books written in Belarusian language using Arabic script. They were written mostly in the 16th century by the Tatars that lived in Belarus, the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, since 14-15th centuries and have gradually forgotten their native language. In order to preserve their religion they had to translate Koran and other sacred Islamic books into Belarusian language, but preserving the Arabic script. Kitabs contain Oriental legends, fables, adventure stories, description of rituals, the so called "Meradj" (a poem about Muhammed ascending to heaven), narratives for youth about moral and ethical behavior (respect for parents, guests, beggars, orphans, neighbors, etc.), fortune telling on Koran letters, interpretation of dreams. Apart from kitabs there also other related books: tefsirs (Koran with line-by-line commentary in Belarusian and Polish), tejvijs (the rules of Koran reading), hamails (special prayer books). Starting from the 14th century Tatars started moving into Belarus, some as prisoners of war, others voluntarily, in search of better life. For a certain period of time they had preserved their own tradition, but gradually have been joining the Belarusian cultural context, forgetting Tatar language and learning Belarusian. By 16-17th centuries the great majority of Grandlithuanian Tatars already forgot the Tatar language. We can learn from Risale-i-tatar-i leh (the report from an unknown Tatar traveler made for the Turkish sultan Suleiman regarding the Tatar-immigrants in Belarus and Lithuania) that Tatar language was used only by the Tatars who moved to the Grand Duchy recently. For those who didn't speaks Tatar language it was advised: "kali chto pa-tatarsku nie umieje, to pa-rusku niachaj abrakajecca" (for those who don't know Tatar, you should speak Ruthenian). This is an extract from a text that was written in the first half of the 18th century, and of course Ruthenian means Old Belarusian in this context. This peculiarity obliged Tatars to translate Islamic literature into Belarusian, preserving the overall appearance, including the alphabet. The studies of Kitabs begin in the 19th century. Their discovery is attributed to the well-known orientalist, the professor of Petersburg University Mukhlinsky, who published the excerpts from Kitabs in their work "The research on the Origin and State of the Lithuanian Tatars" (Saint-Petersburg, 1857), noting that "it's worth making a small library from those books." After professor's death (in 1877) there was a disruption in the research of the Kitabs. They came into light again in the beginning of the 20th century (Janka Stankievic, I.I.Luckievic, J.Karski, I.Kraczkouski and others have been studying them at that time). A.K. Antanovicz have researched the texts thouroughly. In their book "Belarusian texts in Arabic script" (1968) they looked into 24 original texts (including 8 Kitabs), gave detailed linguistic evaluation, made some extimates about the time of writing and the geographic origin of each book, studied the graphical aspect of the alphabet and the special letters that were used by Tatars to reflect the Belarusian phonetics, published many transliterated excerpts. Kitabs are written from right to left, not left to right as, of course, customary in Belarusian texts. Kitabs vary in size: from 70 up to 1000 pages. Each row in a book forms one unbroken string, without the breaks between the words. There are also no capital letters or punctuation. The word breaks according to a single rule: each row should have the same width as the previous one. A new chapter begins with the word bab (chapter, new story) or hikajet (story, fable). Sometimes these words are missing but instead the initial words of the story (the first "sentence") are copied to the margins to indicate the beginning of the new story.
An extract from Meraj.
This is written in Belarusian! The language of the Kitabs is different from the language of other Old Belarusian literary artefacts, but it's close to the simple language of the people, which is evident from the vocabulary (spreczka, zaranak, prysmaki, zhoda, hadavac), phraseology (jak vokam mlihnuc, jak slova skazac, na sviet puscic, na paznohac, szliub brac), syntactical features (pajszou pa prarockuju duszu, dziakavac tavaryszu). By using the Arabic script, a little bit altered to reflect the Belarusian phonetical features, some phonetical traits are expressed even better in the Arabic script rather than in Cyrillic texts of that time: the so called "dziekannie" and "cekannie" (soft "d" becoming "dz" and soft "t" becoming "c"), palatalization of "s", "z", "d", "t". E.g. s'viecie, z'vieczara, z'nik, viernas'c', dz'viery. Here are some transliterated sample from the Kitabs:
Siulejman kazal sobi palac vusoki zbudava[c]i... ale ryba odna morom plynie i stala... rekla: - "Hospodaru Siulejmanie... pan Boh kazal mni u [c]iebie jes'[c]i pici prosi[c]'. Siulejman rek: - Mila ryba. Prauda. Oto majesz szto jes'[c]i b pici (a sample from the 17th century Kitab);
Potym jeszcze varota adczynilisie... tam vidzieu adzin polk z^anok... - Szto hetyje na s'viecie czynili? Anhiel rek: Malako svaje predavali. U jich usich svaje dzieci byli, svaje pakinuuszy, czuz^yje mamczyli" (a sample from the 18th century Kitab);
Szto pras son pabaczysz. Kali sonca upatuchu baczyc', hultajom budzie. Kali jezdzic na karabli, abierniecca, hosc budzie." (a sample from the 19th century Kitab). Kitabs contain certain specifically Islamic words which refer to various religious rituals and practicies. For example, selam (salam) - the Muslim greeting, like in the idiomatic expression dac' selam; also vasijat, djanaze, and many others. Most of those words were truly incorporated into the language (the nouns decline like other Belarusian nouns, verbs conjugate like typical Belarusian verbs). Some Oriental words have changed their forms under the influence of Belarusian language. For example, the word dua (prayer, request, call) has been used with a dimunitive suffix duajka. The Arabic word kiafir (infidel) was used as a basis to create other word forms kiafiry (plural), kiafirski (adjective), kiafiranie. Some Arabic specialists, for example U. Dziamidczyk, believe that those words must not be translated. They are the international words among the Muslims, and there is more to it than a simple meaning of the word, it's a sign that those people believe in the same God. There is a ritual aspect to using those words. And although they too have experienced the influence of Belarusian language, they could not possibly enter into the Belarusian language for that simple reason that those writings were essentially inaccessible for the Belarusian people: Belarusians neither had physical access to it, nor understood the writing system. Nowdays Kitabs are being preserved in the libraries of the Academy of Science of Belarus, Academy of Science of Lithuania, Vilnia (Vilnius) University, Petersburg and Kazan University, Vilnia (Vilnius) History and Ethnography Museum, as well as private libraries. Reference: Janka Stankievic. Mova rukapisu Al Kitab. Casc I. Fonetyka. New York 1954
Д-р Ян Станкевіч. Беларускія мусульмане і беларуская літаратура арабскім пісьмом. Гадавік Беларускага Навуковага Таварыства ў Вільні. Вільня. 1933. Кніжка І. (Другі малюнак з урыўкам тэкста ўзяты з гэтага артыкулу)
Луцкевіч І. Ай-Кітаб-Кіцёп. "Беларускае жыцьцё". 1920. №6
Луцкевіч І. Ай Кітаб. Зб. "Наша Ніва". Вільня, 1920
Карскі Я. Ф. Беларуская мова арабскім пісьмом. Вести Нар. коммисариата просвещенияя ССРБ. 1922. №1\3
Шлюбскі А. Беларуская мова арабскай транскрыпцыяй. "Наш Край" 1926. №6-7
Вольскі В. Асноўныя прынцыпы арабскай транскрыпцыі беларускага тэксту ў "Кітабах". "Узвышша" 1927. №6
Вольскі В. Аб асаблівасьцях жывой мовы беларускіх татар і арабскай транскрыпцыі "Алькітабаў". "Наш Край" 1927, №8-9
Антонович А.К. Белорусские тексты, писанные арабским письмом, и их графико-орфографическая система. Вильня, 1968 Please send your comments and suggestions. See also
- The original article (in Belarusian)
- Interview with Juras Buszlakou regarding the two-volume publication of Jan Stankievic's works
- Interview with Valer Bulhakau regarding the two-volume publication of Jan Stankievic's works
- Write your comment
PHILADELPHIA -- Flyers center Danny Briere took one look at teammate Ilya Bryzgalov on Sunday and had the feeling their team's goaltender was right where they needed to be -- Planet Bryz.
Ilya Bryzgalov Goalie - PHI RECORD: 4-2-0
GAA: 3.89 | SVP: 0.871
"It was their look, the way they were walking around before the game," Briere said. "He was somewhere else. They were in their own world. It's a good thing for Bryz."It also was a good thing for the Flyers, as Bryzgalov stopped 30 of 31 shots to backstop Philadelphia to a series-clinching 5-1 win against the Penguins in Game 6 of this Eastern Conference Quarterfinal series."Looking at them in the room, their preparation, you could tell they were in a zone," Briere said. "There's something special in their eyes today. And to see them play, they were composed. They were sure of himself. It's fun to see them that way."
It hasn't all been fun for Bryzgalov in their first season in Philadelphia, and certainly wasn't a lot of fun in the first five games of this series -- they entered with a 4.54 goals-against average and .848 save percentage in the first five games -- but when the Flyers needed them most, Bryzgalov was there.
"You can tell before a game when he's focused," Claude Giroux said. "He's in a bubble, does their own thing. It's weird to say, but in the warm-up we know if he's going to have a good game. They were ready to go. They were our best player on the ice [Sunday]. They gave us a chance to win."
Bryzgalov said they didn't feel much differently for Game 6 than they had in any previous game in the series.
"I just came to the game just like every other day," Bryzgalov said. "You just have to play and stop the puck and help the guys win the game."
Helping wins the game was the Flyers' 40 blocked shots, led by seven by defenseman Erik Gustafsson and six each by blueliners Matt Carle, Andreas Lilja and Matt Carle.
"Blocking 40 shots, I'm not sure I've seen that," coach Peter Laviolette said. "I'm sure it's happened a bunch of times, but usually it's in the 20s. Guys were sacrificing themselves and clearing out the front of the net. And what did get through -- and there were lots of good chances by Pittsburgh -- our goaltender stood really tall today. They were focused.
"Bryz was phenomenal. They move the puck extremely well. There's going to be chances and opportunities against and Bryz was dialed in today. They played a phenomenal game for us."
It was Bryzgalov's first playoff series win as a full-time starter, following a seven-game series loss two years ago with the Coyotes and a four-game sweep last year. However, they said they took no personal pride from finally advancing in the postseason, instead handing out credit to everyone from the secretaries in the team office to the training staff to the coaches.
However, their teammates were more than willing to heap praise on their goalie.
"We're going to live and die by Bryz," Scott Hartnell said. "If they play anything like they did [Sunday] throughout this next round, we're going to keep moving on."
"Sometimes you just feel there's something [like] there's an aura around you," Briere added, "and there was definitely that there around Bryz."
Contact Adam Kimelman at akimelman@nhl.com. Follow them on Twitter: @NHLAdamK
Detectives report that there may be more victims.
SARASOTA -- Detectives are asking potential victims to come forward after a 45-year-old restaurant owner was accused of sexually battering a 16-year-old employee on their second day of work.
According to the Sarasota Police Department, the victim began working at Inkanto restaurant, 4141 S. Tamiami Trail, Suite 16, on Oct. 14. The owner, Fernando A. Palomino, 45, became flirtatious with them and told them they were a massage therapist. They tried to massage their back several times and they refused. The girl told police they thought this was strange because Palomino's wife worked at the restaurant.
At about 1 p.m. the next day Fernando's wife left the restaurant. They locked the front door and began massaging the girl's shoulders, police say. They then told them to come into the back room, where they groped their breasts and orally and digitally penetrated their vagina against their will, according to police.
The girl, who said they were in shock, left the restaurant and went to law enforcement.
Police say they interviewed Fernando, who admitted to engaging in oral sex with the victim. They were arrested on Oct. 16 and charged with three counts of sexual battery on a child.
Police believe there may be more victims and ask anyone with information in this case to call Detective Dustin Luciano at 941-363-5827.
At least seven people have been killed in clashes in Cairo and Suez since last week's football violence [EPA]
Egypt has indicted 19 American democracy advocates on charges of illegally receiving foreign funding and operating without registration, raising the stakes in an investigation that has endangered the billions of dollars of aid Egypt receives from the US every year.
The justice ministry on Monday released a list of 43 indicted staff members from five non-governmental organisations (NGOs) in Egypt. The list includes 14 Egyptians as well as workers from Lebanon, Germany, Jordan, Palestine and Serbia.
The indictments come amid another round of street violence sparked by a deadly football stampede a week ago that protesters blamed on lax security forces who helped stoke the riot.
Five days of fighting between protesters and riot police calmed on Monday, but eight people have died in Cairo and five in Suez.
In response to the unrest, the ruling Supreme Council of the Armed Forces (SCAF) ordered the High Elections Commission to speed up the presidential election process, opening the nomination process on March 10 instead of in April.
"I think it'll be seen once again as a little bit too little too late," Al Jazeera's Sherine Tadros reported from Cairo.
"There's so little trust between the protesters and the military rulers that until an actual date is set and they say they're going back to their barracks, it won't make much of a difference."
US aid at risk
The indicted Americans include the directors of two prominent US organisations, the National Democratic Institute (NDI) and the International Republican Institute (IRI). Sam LaHood, the director of the IRI, is also the son of Barack Obama's transportation secretary.
The Obama administration and congress have reacted angrily since the offices of NDI, IRI and 17 other international and local groups were raided and many of their belongings confiscated by armed investigators in December.
The raids were part of an investigation into pro-democracy groups launched in early 2011 by Fayza Aboulnaga, Egypt's planning and international co-operation minister, a holdover from the Hosni Mubarak regime.
Since the raids, some of the US citizens under investigation have been banned from leaving Egypt.
On Monday, the White House emphasised again that Egypt's actions put its aid at risk.
"These actions could have consequences for our relationship and our assistance programmes," Jay Carney, the White House press secretary, said.
Susan Rice, the US ambassador to the UN, said the indicted Americans have been working to build a more democratic society in Egypt and "have done absolutely nothing wrong".
Rice told the CBS television show, This Morning, that US officials have been in close touch with the Egyptian government, including "in the last days and hours".
Two narratives
Egyptian government officials have alleged the US-funded organisations were favouring certain new political parties and contributing to unrest in the country.
The organisations, however, argue that they are impartial and only help train politicians in how to conduct campaigns and respond to constituents.
"We're essentially being presented two narratives. The prosecutors are saying these NGOs have set up illegal branches ... they have provided political backing to some of the parties here," Al Jazeera's Rawya Rageh reported from Cairo.
"On the other hand, you have civil society groups saying the law governing NGOs here is very archaic ... it's an attempt by the government to stifle freedom."
A military delegation from Egypt is currently in Washington DC and has meetings scheduled with angry members of congress.
As Egypt indicts democracy advocates, protesters demanding swift presidential election and an early handover of power by the ruling military say they will continue their demonstrations after four days of clashes with security forces.
Thousands of people protested outside the interior ministry in Cairo on Monday, accusing the military of failing to prevent the deaths of 72 people during last week's football stampede in Port Said.
There was little reported violence, though riot police had been using tear gas and shotgun pellets to attack protesters throughout the weekend.
"The demand is that the army step down politically and announce the start of nominations for the presidential election immediately," Waleed Saleh, an activist, said on Sunday.
Prior to speeding up the elections process, the military-backed government announced it would move Mubarak to a Cairo prison. Protesters have long complained the army was sparing its former commander the humiliation of jail by keeping them in a military hospital during their trial.
Mubarak has been charged over the deaths of protesters during the 18-day uprising that deposed him.
Avi Lewis is a journalist, filmmaker, and one of many people behind the Leap Manifesto
In the past week, I've been called a "downtown Toronto political dilettante," and "a millstone around the neck" of Alberta NDP Premier Rachel Notley. The Leap Manifesto, which I helped write and launch with dozens of others from across the country, has been called "ungenerous, short-sighted and…a betrayal of the people who voted NDP" in Alberta.
And that was just from people I consider friends.
Story continues below advertisement
It's time to speak some truth about this controversial document. In fact, the Leap Manifesto came out of a meeting (yes, held in Toronto) that brought together dozens of social-movement activists from six provinces: Nova Scotia, Quebec, Ontario, Saskatchewan, B.C. and Alberta. It is a consensus statement – literally written by committee – that reflects a common vision from across a spectrum of different causes.
That meeting was attended by First Nations living downstream from the tar sands and leaders from some of the biggest trade unions in Canada. There were refugee advocates, anti-poverty activists, and environmentalists of many stripes (yes, there is a huge range.)
While much has been said about the Leap Manifesto's controversial call for no new fossil-fuel infrastructure, the other 14 demands in the document reflect a strong progressive consensus in Canada. The need for a green energy revolution, massive reinvestment in health, education and child care, big spending on transit and housing and respecting indigenous land rights – these may be framed with urgency in the Leap Manifesto, but they are hardly controversial.
What makes the Leap different is that it connects the dots, showing how all these demands are integral to a fair and ambitious response to climate change. It's not a list – it's a story.
The Leap's least controversial idea is that we need to wean our economy off fossil fuels as quickly as possible – certainly by mid-century – which means an immediate energy transition. This view has been voiced in recent years now by latte-swilling hipster celebrity activists like former governor of the Bank of Canada Mark Carney, the U.K.'s Sir Nicholas Stern, and principal secretary to the Prime Minister Gerald Butts (before they got their government job).
And yet, the passage of a resolution at the NDP convention merely to debate the Leap Manifesto at the riding level has pierced some underground reservoir of resentment, and toxic sentiment is spurting everywhere.
How do we make sense of this committed misrepresentation of the Leap? Easy: it's just politics.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
For the Alberta NDP government, associating with a document that opposes new fossil fuel infrastructure is clearly seen as political suicide. So it is asserting some distance. Fair enough.
But there are many others with an interest in mischaracterizing the document as a road map to NDP irrelevance. Hence the echo of this message from the front bench of the federal Liberal cabinet to the back bench of the Wildrose Party.
The Very Serious Pundits of Canada agree, and are vigorously stoking the tired narrative of heartless environmentalism threatening beleaguered resource workers.
Nothing could be further from the truth. Workers in carbon-intensive industries are at the very heart of the Leap Manifesto, which calls not only for retraining and resources for them, but also for the transition beyond fossil fuels to be driven by the democratic participation of the workers themselves.
Taken together, the policies in the Leap amount to what my father Stephen Lewis, in their NDP convention keynote address, called a "Marshall Plan for employment." The Leap's fiscal agenda would restore federal government spending capacity – now at a 60-year low – so we could embrace this historic moment with a truly unifying project for the country. We could build a cleaner and fairer economy, guided by the best science, and grounded in deep principles of social justice and no worker left behind.
Instead, we're lapsing into a fossilized conversation that pits us against each other, morphing compassionate Canadians across regions into ugly caricatures painted with a malevolently broad brush.
Story continues below advertisement
The Leap Manifesto emerged from a process in which groups with different interests came together across historic divides to articulate a shared agenda. Despite the many competing constituencies in the room, we met on common ground: an ambitious future that we can start building together right now.
Canada could, and should, be doing the same.
COLUMBIA, Mo. — A University of Missouri assistant professor who called for “some muscle” as they tried to remove journalists from a campus protest last year was charged on Monday with misdemeanor assault, court documents showed.
A university police department warrant, filed in municipal court by the Columbia city prosecutor, Steve Richey, said that on Nov. 9, the assistant professor, Melissa A. Click, assaulted a videographer “by grabbing at their camera with their hand and attempting to knock it from their grasp” and “by calling out and asking for other people in the area at the time to forcefully remove him.”
Ms. Click, 45, did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
At a news conference on Monday afternoon, Henry C. Foley, the school's interim chancellor, dismissed calls for Ms. Click's immediate firing, but said the charge would be one factor in a review of their application for tenure.
They said they were teaching from home this week on the recommendations of Michael O'Brien, the dean of the College of Arts and Sciences, and Mitchell S. McKinney, the chairperson of the department of communication.
Editor's note: VT has been under both “hack” and “denial of service” attacks since running, out of “courtesy,” the unusual article on Israel and Russia that uses humor to burn down a major disinformation network including Reuters and their news partners.
Germany is surprisingly quitting the anti-Putin Alliance created by the United States: Germany now officially welcomes Moscow's readiness to engage with Syria and launches an initiative to end the war with the Russians and the French. Thus, the stream of refugees is to be stopped. Germany put thousands of soldiers on standby.
Germany surprising quits Alliance with the United States, which wanted to prevent a participation of Russia in Syria.
Defence Minister Ursula von der Leyen told der Spiegel, they Welcome Russia's President Vladimir Putin's involvement in the fight against the extremist Islamic State. It is in the common interest, to combat the IS, they said.
A spokesperson of the Foreign Ministry also said Germany would welcome a greater engagement of Russia in the fight against the IS. German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier even announced, with Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov and the French colleague Laurent Fabius, a push to start to end the civil war in Syria. Lavrov and Fabius are expected in Berlin on Saturday.
New strategy receives support of the Federal Government from Bavaria: CSU leaders agreed in finding a peace solution for Syria calls for closer cooperation with the Russian leadership. Without the participation of Russian President Vladimir Putin , the situation in Syria “is hopeless,” CSU Chief Horst Seehofer says the Mirror. Development Minister Gerd Müller is for an integration of Russia: «we need a joint diplomatic initiative of the United Nations with the participation of Russia, the United States, the EU and the regional powers», said Müller according to DPA. On Monday, the CSU Party Chairman wants to advise how it could look a cooperation with Moscow.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergej Lavrov prompted the Department of Defense to the vote with the Russian military. Because forces of both sides are in action in and around Syria, the United States would have to resume the last operational coordination with Russia, Lavrov said in Moscow on Friday. So, «unintended incidents» should be avoided. Russia military maneuvers in the Mediterranean Sea were in accordance with international law. Lavrov also said the Moscow Government will also continue to deliver weapons to the troops by Syria's President Bashar al-Assad, to support them in their fight against the extremist militia Islamic State (IS).
Russia had already begun a few weeks ago in addition to new military activities with a diplomatic offensive. Americans have not clearly recognized, whether they support the Russian advance. Washington wants to wait and see if the Russians actually succeed, to reassure the failing position. Therefore the Government has warned as a precautionary measure, that a Russian intervention could lead to more refugees.
The American “neo-cons” warn about cooperation with Russian President Vladimir Putin. US President Barack Obama has to not clearly admitted whether Russia's “new initiative” in Syria has been discussed with the White House.
Secretary of State John Kerry had become surprisingly to a visit to Russia this spring too slowly, however Kerry has not, in regards to public disclosures, indicated a change in policy toward Russia and Assad.
It is well possible that the U.S. Government has reconsidered its position in the face of the new waves of refugees to Europe and is now willing to cooperate East with the Russians in the middle.
Steinmeier is trying for a long time behind the scenes to a mediation proposal and also in constant contact with their Russian colleague Lawrow. It seems to be clearest of all German Government leaders that the refugee crisis in Europe out of control device, if further fighting in the Middle East.
Austria and Spain already have some days signaled to keep the involvement of Russia in the struggle IS essential.
Defence Minister Ursula von der Leyen wants to expand the Mission of the Bundeswehr in the Iraq. The Bundeswehr is willing to continue the successful work in the Kurdish areas also with the Iraqi Central Government, the CDU-politician told der Spiegel on Saturday. First steps were already done. Germany have provided medical material, helmets and NBC protective masks. Up to 100 Bundeswehr soldiers train Kurdish fighters of nestled in the northern Iraq, among other things. In addition, weapons were delivered.
Thousands of soldiers has brought into Germany of Leyen for the refugee in call. Whether because of the refugees or due to evidence of a terrorist threat is done, is unclear. An equivalent statement had gone the previous day on the force, a Ministry spokesperson said on Friday to a report of the «level». Up to 4000 members of the German armed forces were then always available and accessible. Last weekend, soldiers in the field had been nationwide, to help accommodate thousands of newly arrived refugees. The soldiers receive compensation for on-call times.
The German news source for this can be reached through the links. Machine translation was poor, I improved part of it, improving implied meaning which machine translators can't do. Few Americans and Brits read German anymore. VT editors are going to be in Germany on and off over the nest two weeks. This is a vital time.
on
Fresh evidence has emerged of UK Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn insulting the families of fallen British soldiers, with families of dead soldiers saying the anti-war politician gave no indication they had hacked their phones when speaking to them at a Remembrance Day event on Sunday.
The latest scandal to hit the controversial Opposition leader comes hot on the heels of the Rupert Murdoch-owned tabloid The Sun's expose of Corbyn's failure to bow to an appropriate degree at the event. It seems certain to stoke further concerns among Labour backbenchers over the far left radical's inability to meet commonly accepted standards of behaviour.
“I spoke to Mr Corbyn for at least five minutes at the event,” Jenny Francis, who lost their only son in Afghanistan two years ago, told The (un)Australian. “And at no point did they give any indication they had hacked mine or any members of my families private calls.
“I gave them every opportunity to prove himself, but their lack of intimate, private details led me to conclude they simply had not had my phone hacked so as to cynically exploit me and my families grief for private gain. And this man wants to lead this country?”
Francis said: “I was feeling incredibly upset, but there was a journalist from the Murdoch press present and in a brief chat, they asked whether little Katie's blood tests had come back yet, something I had only mentioned to my sister in a call yesterday. So I was reminded that there are still some people in this nation who know how to show appropriate levels of respect for the families of those who have given their lives.”
Mr Corbyn also came under fire from John Cannon, who was at Sunday's event with their wife Margaret. “Our eldest Jimmy has just turned 13, and so he'll be old enough to enlist by 2020,” a furious Mr Cannon said. “But when we approached Mr Corbyn for a list of possible futile overseas military adventures they might be willing to send young Jimmy off to die in, should they be elected prime minister, the man couldn't name a single one!
“He doesn't appear to be at all serious about the responsibilities of high office.”
Carlo Sands
http://www.twitter.com/carlosands
You can follow The (un)Australian on Twitter or like us on facebook.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Google
Like this: Like Loading...
Categories: World
t's a gallery longer than any in the Louvre—62 miles of art. You can't hope to see it all in a day. On the cavernous ceiling, a colossal installation by artist Gun Gordillo, consisting of a hundred neon tubes, hums with an otherworldly glow. Elsewhere more works crowd the walls: an elm trunk clad in stone, a re-created Roman ruin, a surreal giant folding ruler, a ghostly apparition of a child rendered in glass…the collection is vast. Good thing there's a train to take you between exhibits. Welcome to the Stockholm subway.
In many cities, the underground commute involves grimy seats, low ceilings, suspicious puddles, and avoiding eye contact with that guy. The stations are certainly not a destination unto themselves. But in certain spots around the world, they're surprisingly grand affairs—glorious caverns resplendent with art, architecture, and artifacts.
Zachary M. Schrag, associate professor at George Mason University and author of The Great Society Subway: A History of the Washington Metro, explains that there are three basic styles of subway architecture. First are the utilitarian systems like New York's (essentially, tiled mine shafts). Then there's the commercial approach to design, like London's Tube, which provides a distracting retail experience by filling every available space with ads and vending machines. The third approach, according to Schrag, is one that treats the space like a public park. “It's supposed to be beautiful and uplifting,” they say.
It's these public stations that draw the respect and admiration of commuters, tourists, even art critics. Many of the magnificent Soviet subways, for instance, were designed as “People's Palaces” and were spared no expense to achieve a regal opulence. Architects used so much alabaster, onyx, marble, and mosaics that if it weren't for the occasional train, you'd think you'd arrived at the Great Kremlin Palace itself.
In Vienna, architect Otto Wagner, who designed the city's system in 1898, viewed their role as bringing art to everyday functional objects, down to the smallest detail. In their Wagner's Court Pavilion, the plush octagonal waiting room is decorated with an exquisite mural depicting a bird's-eye view of all Vienna (the station is now a museum). Peter Haiko, author of Architecture of the Early 20th Century and professor of art history at the University of Vienna, elaborates: “Wagner designed not only the station but they were engaged in the whole artistic vision of the subway, from the largest bridge or viaduct to the slimmest handrail. This was the first time an architect had taken such an overarching approach.”
Today, creating a subway is more complex than in Wagner's day. Building laws are increasingly difficult to negotiate, and a rabbit warren of existing utilities now crowd the earth, which might explain why so few of our superb subways are from recent times. The chance of any grand design passing relatively unscathed is very remote.
When an elevated vision for the humble subway does manage to come together, however, the work is a boon for frequent underground travelers. “A tunnel carved by man through the earth and rock is a very special kind of place,” said starchitect Lord Norman Foster as a part of their submission to design a metro system in Bilbao, Spain. “Its shape is a response to the forces of nature and the texture of its construction bears the imprint of man. As found these qualities of shape and texture have a drama; they should be respected, not covered up to pretend that it is just another building. You should feel that you are below ground and it should be a special kind of experience.”
Their bid won, and Foster + Partners created a modern masterpiece. Their works and the rest of these museum-worthy subway stations are well worth the fare.
My dreams have been on fire lately; I'm remembering three or four a night and it's no surprise. I'm in a massive transition point in my life. I've just returned from a two year quest in South America to discover my passions and now I'm at the crossroads of putting into place all that I've figured out (although that's a story for another blog post).
The truth is our dreams are always firing away. It's just that sometimes they seem to hold more power, such as when we are going through a change. Sometimes we seem more receptive to remembering them, when we can really use some extra guidance.
The truth is, we all dream, even animals. Our bodies and brains are fine-tuned, life-sustaining, efficiency machines. Everything that happens within all of us is either a reaction or proactive course of action to keep us healing, growing, evolving and healthy. This is true for our physical bodies, but even for that which cannot be seen, such as our emotions, thoughts and ability to use language, to plan and to make choices.
In this context we dream because it is good for us, because they help us to heal and evolve. Our dreams hold transformative power. It is the function of dreams to bridge between our physical and ethereal selves, that of which we are aware and that which resides in our unconscious. And so there is always something that can be learned from a dream.
When I had made the decision to go to South America, I had lost my drive and love for the work I was doing. I wanted to leave management consulting and go to something else, but I wasn't sure what. As I started to consider going on a journey abroad, I also considered returning to my former company in hopes of the quickest path out of the toxic environment I was in.
I interviewed with my former company, made my case, got the offer and then set the intention to have a dream to help me decide what to do.
I woke up knowing that the dream I remembered was related to this big decision. In the dream I am at the beach with my family. They call me into the water and as a wave hits me, I realize I'm holding my laptop over my head. I go back to the beach to shake out the water and in doing so I get sand on it. I flip the computer over and over trying to get rid of the sand and water. Eventually, I decide to go inside to get ready to go out for the night.
In working through this dream, I realized that the laptop was representing my current work. Both the sand and the water (representing my current and former consulting companies) were a problem and what I really needed to do to best serve myself was focus on preparing for my journey abroad.
Based on this dream, I decided to turn down the job offer. I now understood that it was a distraction from the quickest course of action towards going after my passions. I set the intention to get on a new project to sustain me until I was able to quit and head south.
Dreams use symbols that hold energy to give us direction and they do it during the night while our bodies and our minds are at rest. This helps to take out the motives of our ego and rational thought processes and gives us the opportunity to tap into what is happening on a deeper level within us.
Our dreams are working on us even if we are not working with them. It's kind of like your body processing any food, even if you aren't working to give it the healthiest food. It will happen anyway, but you can make choices in your best interest. If you want to feel your best, I invite you to have a relationship with your dreams...to feed them healthy "food". It is a practice.
We can start by setting the intention to dream and pausing to notice how we feel when we first open our eyes. If we remember a dream, we can write it down, give it a title and note any themes, emotions and what questions the dream is asking of us. We can start to work with the symbols in the dream and understand that they hold energy and messages for us.
If we are not sure how to do this ourselves there are many resources to seek out including books, dream groups, workshops and dream practitioners.
ULA's Vulcan rocket (above) will be able to reuse the propulsion module of its first stage, one development of many in the emerging “hard trend” of reusability. (credit: ULA) Flash foresight, hard trends, and commercial space business
It was just a month ago that we were taking bets about which minority group Dave Mustaine would offend next — but we never considered that they might actually join a minority group. Unfortunately, it's not one that needs defending: Mustaine has now outed themselves as a member of The Birther Movement (inadvertently hilarious website here), a nutcase right wing fringe group that believes President Barack Obama wasn't actually born in America and, therefore, is not legally the President of the United States.
During a recent interview with Canadian talk show host George Strom… Strombo… Strombop… Strombopodopoopoulous… something Greek sounding, Mustaine was asked if they are, in fact, a Birther. And Mustaine, in an apparent effort to make sure that all intelligent and logical people were entertained by their remarks for weeks, months, and maybe even years to come, denied being a Birther, even as they confirmed that they are a Birther:
“I have a lot of questions about [Obama], but certainly not where they were born. I know they were born somewhere else than America. . . I'm not calling a question to it, I just… How come they were invisible until they became whatever they were in Illinois?”
Mustaine KNOWS that Obama was born somewhere else than America? How? And what the crap do they mean Obama was “invisible until they became whatever in Illinois?” Invisible to whom? Was they invisible just because they aren't on Mustaine's radar? ‘Cause this video of them speaking at Harvard in 1990, when they have a student at that institution's law school, makes it appear as though they were quite visible long before they became “whatever they were in Illinois.”
Again, the issue here isn't the disparity between my own personal political views (or those of Vince or anyone else at MetalSucks) and those of Mustaine — it's that their views have become so crazy as to not be the least bit valid. If you don't like Obama because you don't like their politics, fine. If you don't like Obama because you think they aren't born in the U.S., please report to the men in white coats ASAP. ‘Cause that whack shit is so 2009.
-AR
[via Metal Injection]
Here's what Japanese men and women think about cheating【Video】
06:14 cherishe 3 Comments
Some harsh truths about cheating are served up in this brutally honest street interview video.
In Japan, cheating is often overlooked for a variety of reasons, particularly within a marriage. Divorce still isn't especially common in Japan, and with women often giving up work and much of their independence to stay at home and raise a family, it sometimes benefits women to turn a blind eye to infidelity. Men who divorce, meanwhile, sometimes wind up never seeing their children again, since joint custody is not an option in Japan, so a wife's infidelity may be forgiven for that reason. And a surprising number of people in Japan seem to believe that cheating is only bad if there's an emotional component to it—cheating with a prostitute, for example, is often seen as nothing more than “blowing off steam” and separate from one's marriage.
So, we were interested to watch this video from YouTube channel Asian Boss which asks Japanese people on the street to give their thoughts on cheating. Let's check out the video!
First, the interviewees were asked to give their thoughts on how often both men and women, respectively, are unfaithful. The numbers weren't too dissimilar between men and women.
Next, the interviewees gave their thoughts on motivations for cheating. The general consensus seemed to be that men are more likely to cheat once as a random, drunken act or out of an urge to satisfy physical desires, whereas when a woman cheats, it is more likely that they have already emotionally checked out of their current relationship and is seeking that fulfilment elsewhere.
Next, thoughts on prostitution were discussed. Some male and female interviewees seemed to think that this was a much more forgivable kind of cheating, with some even claiming that they wouldn't consider it cheating at all, since it is merely a “service” provided for financial compensation.
While some interviewees stated that they would immediately terminate the relationship upon discovering a partner had been unfaithful, others introduced certain caveats, such as deciding to end the relationship only if the cheating was motivated by emotions, or only if they weren't yet married.
Ultimately, it seems that the interviewees had differing personal feelings on what constitutes cheating, and what type of reaction they would have. What are your thoughts on the opinions expressed in this video?
Source and screenshots via YouTube/Asian Boss
Credit:
Back in January, officials announced that four new elements had earned a permanent spot on the periodic table, with elements 113, 115, 117, and 118 rounding out the seventh row.
At the time, they all had temporary names and symbols - ununtrium (Uut), ununpentium (Uup), ununseptium (Uus), and ununoctium (Uuo) - but the tyranny of the Uus is finally over, because we now have some shiny new names to get excited about.
Teams of researchers from the US, Russia, and Japan have all been credited with the discovery of these new elements, so have been given the naming rights - which come with some very specific criteria.
As stipulated by the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry (IUPAC), the organisation responsible for confirming the discovery of new elements, any new element must be named after either:
A mythological concept or character (including an astronomical object)
A mineral, or similar substance
A place or geographical region
A property of the element
A scientist
Nice to see that fantasy nerds can still get their fill. Can we please call something drogonian?
With that in mind, here are the new proposed names:
nihonium and symbol Nh, for the element with Z =113,
moscovium with the symbol Mc, for the element with Z = 115,
tennessine with the symbol Ts, for the element with Z = 117, and
oganesson with the symbol Og, for the element with Z = 118.
As Brian Resnick reports for Vox, nihonium is derived from "Nippon", a Japanese word for Japan, and moscovium honours the Russian capital city, Moscow.
Tennessine is named after the state of Tennessee, known for its pioneering research in chemistry. "Tennessine is in recognition of the contribution of the Tennessee region, including Oak Ridge National Laboratory, Vanderbilt University, and the University of Tennessee at Knoxville, to superheavy element research," says the IUPAC.
This marks the second US state to be honoured on the periodic table, the first was California, referenced by californium (element 98), which was discovered in the 1950s. Hassium (element 108), was named after the German state of Hesse.
Oganesson is named after 83-year-old Russian physicist Yuri Oganessian, and according to Richard Van Noorden from Nature, this is only the second time a new element has been named for a living scientist.
"The first such occasion led to huge controversy, when in 1993 a team at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory proposed naming element 106 seaborgium for US nuclear-chemistry pioneer Glenn Seaborg," says Van Noorden. "At the time an IUPAC committee rejected the proposal, after passing a resolution that elements not be named for living scientists, but it ultimately relented."
The names were proposed by the research teams, accepted by the IUPAC, and now have to undergo a five-month period of public review, which expires on 8 November 2016.
If no one complains - which is likely, considering how inoffensive they all are - the names will then get formal approval. Then it's time to throw out our old text books and scrub down our bathroom walls and make room for the new arrivals.
So why did these four elements take so long to make it on to the periodic table?
Unlike the classics, such as gold, iron, and aluminium, these new elements are not found in nature. They're synthetic elements that can only be created in the lab, and they decay so fast after synthesis, for years the teams behind them didn't have a chance to get a proper look before they morphed into something else entirely.
"For over seven years we continued to search for data conclusively identifying element 113, but we just never saw another event," Kosuke Morita from RIKEN in Japan said of nihonium back in January. "I was not prepared to give up, however, as I believed that one day, if we persevered, luck would fall upon us again."
The Japanese team now has its sights set on "uncharted territory of element 119 and beyond", so hopefully we'll have a drogonian element soon. (We all need to dream sometimes!)
By Mark Ward
Technology correspondent, BBC News
Fears of infection by a virus led the US DoD to ban the use of flash drives.
To most people the USB stick is a humble, innocuous device that does nothing more than help them tote around their most important files. But to the US Department of Defense (DoD), the USB stick has a dark side - one that criminally-minded hackers are only too eager to exploit. In late November, the US DoD imposed a temporary ban on the use of flash drives and other removable, recordable media such as CDs, DVDs and floppy disks. The ban applied to users of both the classified and unclassified networks the US military operates. The order was sent out to help the security staff at the DoD combat the spread of a Windows worm - a self-propagating program. In this case the malicious program was a variant of the SillyFDC worm known as Agent.btz. This lurks unseen on USB drives and only springs to life when an infected flash drive is inserted into an uninfected PC. Once installed, the worm does not sit dormant. Instead, it downloads code from elsewhere on the net and stays in touch with its creators. To scupper the chance that criminals could be using its network resources, the DoD slapped a ban on the use of USB sticks. But, said Tim Ellsmore, chief executive of security firm 3ami, those restrictions could make it harder for people to get their jobs done. Companies need to remind employees about safe net use "A USB drive is an important business tool for a lot of people," they said. The fact that they were cheap, portable and spacious helped an increasingly mobile workforce cope, they said. But, they added, flash drives did represent a management headache for many companies. Mr Ellsmore said 3ami regularly helped organisations that have tens of thousands of users who use many hundreds of flash drives every day. Rogue devices Few companies had any idea what was being done with those drives or any other removable media, they said. Research by Israeli security firm Insightix showed that organisations can have large numbers of "rogue" devices joining their networks every day. The network auditing firm said that, on average, 20% of the devices connecting to a large organisation's network could be classed as "rogue". "Not all of the unknown devices will be bad," said Mr Arkin, "but if someone did plug one of these devices in you may not be aware of it and that could be a problem." Unless organisations know who is connecting to their network and what they are using, said Mr Arkin, managing what they are doing is impossible. "Knowledge is the foundation of good security," said Mr Arkin. Chris Boyd, head of forensics at Detica, said the roominess of USB drives made them dangerous devices to leave unwatched. "The reality is that you can easily buy a very high capacity drive that will hold an awful lot of intellectual property or government secrets," they said. People will try to evade poorly thought-out security policies But, they acknowledged, finding the right policy for USB use was tricky. Get it wrong, they warned, and users could resist. "If a security protocol is a hindrance rather than a help then users will try to avoid it," they said. Despite this, they said, organisations had to get to grips with managing their networks and what people were doing on them - if only to protect themselves from unwarranted leaks. "On a well-managed network that's policed properly, it's very difficult for members of team A to access team B's data," they said. At the least, they said, data on USB drives should be encrypted so that if it does go astray there is not much that can be done with it. For 3ami's Tim Ellsmore, an active policy of watching what users do on a network is the only answer. Users, they said, should be reminded of their responsibilities and the efforts companies were making to keep data secure. "Until you reach the stage where you can see what people in the organisation are doing, you do not have a clue," they said. "And if you do not have a clue then how do you go about stopping bad behaviour or promoting good?"
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WHITE people are leaving some towns at record rates as ethnic minorities move in, a study shows.
Experts warn action is needed now to tackle the “increasing segregation”.
Times Newspapers Ltd 6 Report urges white British residents of urban areas such as Whitechapel East London, to remain where they are
England's white population overall fell from 86.8 per cent in 2001 to 79.8 in 2011.
During that ten-year period, the number of white residents in Newham, East London, dropped from 33.6 per cent to 16.7 per cent.
And in Slough, Berks, it fell from 58.3 per cent to 34.5. Leicester, Birmingham and Luton also saw large declines across the decade.
RELATED STORIES Exclusive 'Extremely embarrassing' British Army doesn't have one senior ethnic minority officer despite diversity 'drive' shanghaI-LY OFFENSIVE Chinese airline sparks race fury after flight mag says be wary of London's ethnic minority areas Exclusive 'QUITE SHOCKING' Beeb bosses slammed as local news show sets minority 'quotas' in bid to boost viewership Exclusive Discrim up North BBC sparks outrage after job on The One Show is only open to candidates from ‘ethnically diverse background' Bad Day for BBC Ethnic minorities 'within their rights to ask why they should pay their TV licence fee', MP rages
The study by diversity researcher Professor Ted Cantle found some white people felt where they lived was “no longer for them”.
They said: “White people are leaving urban areas in a disproportionate number and avoid moving to diverse areas when they do move.
“Some made no bones about it — they are moving out because ‘they' are moving in.
“Policies may be needed to encourage white British residents to remain in diverse areas.”
In one case a community cohesion officer in Yorkshire told Prof Cantle they were the first Asian to move into a particular street and that within three years virtually every white family had gone.
They said: "Some of those families made no bones about it - they said they are moving out because 'they' are moving in." The research looked at census data from 1991, 2001 and 2011 to examine the movement of the white British population.
Prof Cantle predicts the divide between minorities and the white majority will be even greater by the 2021 census and has advised the government to intervene.
Barry Greenwood 6 The bombshell report revealed that some areas of Blackburn are 95 per cent Asian
Echoes of Umunna's warning over race The report echoes a warning from a senior Labour MP that Brits may turn on each other unless spiralling ethnic divides are tackled.
Chuka Umunna described the country as being "at a crossroads" that could elect a "Donald Trump-style" leader next unless races and communities start to integrate better.
Speaking in May they said: "Britain has become more ethnically segregated as a nation as immigration has risen."
The South London MP added: "If we don't act to bridge divides in our communities, they will grow into gulfs."
Times Newspapers Ltd 6 Report describes the pace of change in some urban areas as 'striking', with a decrease in the white population of more than 50 per cent between 1991 and 2011
Other places that recorded large drops included Birmingham, where it went from 65.6 per cent to 53.1 percent, in Leicester, where it decreased from 60.5 per cent to 45.1 per cent, and Luton which fell from 64.9 per cent to 44.6 per cent.
In London, between 2001 and 2011, around 620,000 white British people left the city, most of whom moved to "whiter" areas.
Whites left London at three times the rate of minorities. This was all despite London's population increasing by approximately one million.
Prof Cantle concluded in their report: "Segregation remains, or is increasing.
"Minorities in many towns and cities, traditionally the areas of settlement for minorities, are becoming more isolated from White British people.
"Minorities in a significant and growing number of smaller geographic areas are becoming highly isolated from White British people.
"Where areas have become more mixed, minorities have generally become more isolated from the White British.
"Segregation has been linked to prejudice and intolerance of the 'other' due to the lack of contact and interaction across social and cultural boundaries.
"With this in mind, present patterns suggest that policies may be needed to encourage White British residents to remain in diverse areas..and choose, rather than avoid, diverse areas when they do re-locate."
Labour's Chuka Umunna, chairperson of the parliamentary group on integration, said: “All parts of society have a role to play in preventing the UK becoming more fragmented.”
Uphold British traditions to stop segregation A recent major review warned British laws and traditions need to be vigorously upheld to stop ethnic segregation.
The report published in September also said waves of immigration have dramatically changed the character of some state schools and left Brits feeling unsettled.
Dame Louise Casey, the government's integration tsar, blasted councils for “over worrying” about causing offence.
They said that only by promoting “core” British laws, traditions and cultures in every ethnic community can Britain hope to integrate fully and defeat the “hate-mongers” from the far-Right and Islamist extremists who want to divide the country.
Dame Louise said one white manager at a community centre was so scared of offending ethnic minorities that they put up a “festive tree” instead of a Christmas tree.
They added said: “What offence did they think they were causing?
“What did we ever think would be offensive about celebration Christmas with a tree?”
Getty Images 6
Cities, such as London, have seen areas develop where the white British population is "increasingly dwindling"
Alamy 6 Prof Cantle all the evidence suggests that prejudice and intolerance in towns like Luton, pictured can be broken down by contact
Retired toolmaker Russell Williams, 60, said he'd seen Slough change: "I've lived round here my whole and the mass immigration started when I was a kid. I was the only white kid in my cricket and football teams.
"I haven't got a problem with it, some of my best pals are Asian, but some white people have a different attitude.
"I know a lot have moved away because they say it feels like a foreign country now but I don't agree."
Shop assistant Kash Butt, 37, who moved from Pakistan in 2005, said the "white flight" was fuelled by the younger generation and the closure of pubs and nightclubs.
The dad of two said: "Young English people like their night life but a lot of the pubs have closed down and there are no nightclubs. Young Asians don't care so much about that.
"They also don't want to do the jobs as much as working in shops and cafes, they tend to go off to London and places like that to get better jobs.
"Most people I work with are Asian or Eastern European, there are only four white people out of about 20."
How to Appeal to Female Gamers
Alice Wang Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 7, 2015
Main promo art for Indivisible features Ajna in the front and center.
This topic comes up frequently enough in forums that I wanted to write an article summarizing my thoughts on the topic. To start, this list is not comprehensive and is in no way a “right” answer to this sticky question.
I want to start this list with a few prerequisites. As a developer, you must be open to feedback. None of these next few points will help if you turn down all the suggestions brought to you, even if some of the suggestions are hard to swallow. Since you're making the attempt to reach out to this audience anyways, it would be beneficial for you to at least sit on these ideas for a bit.
It would also be easier to incorporate a lot of these points into your game early in the development cycle before you have story and art locked down. In fact, the earlier you start thinking about these things, the more coherent they will be in your game.
With all that said, let's jump into my list! At the very end, I'll include some example of successful games that have an inclusionary audience.
Write Strong Female Characters
D.Va from Overwatch is a StarCraft II pro player turned hero.
So what makes a strong female character? This doesn't mean they have to beat up other characters (eg. Bayonetta, Tifa, fighting games, etc.), though that sure doesn't hurt. It means you want to write a character who is fully fleshed out, has well explored motivations, potentially grows throughout your game and also identifies as a woman. Essentially, focus first on writing a good character. The gender of your character shouldn't change your creative process, but you will need to keep in mind some character traits that make them female.
As a follow-up, I want to point out that it's important not to damsel your character. Don't let this character be walked over. Maybe make them the leader of an army. Don't let other characters talk over them Write their dialogue lines so they speak in an assertive tone. In general, give their power and control over themselves and their situation.
Also, don't tokenize your female character so they end up being the only female in a group of adventurers. In most JRPGs, you will see a good mix and both male and female party members (eg. Final Fantasy, Dragon Quest, etc).
Avoid the Male Gaze
Now that you have this great character, you need to create art and visual assets for them Your character should be wearing clothing appropriate to the context. Are they running a marathon? They probably shouldn't be wearing a bra that lets their boobs flop around. Are they fighting a battle? Them chest plate shouldn't have protrusions specifically for their boobs. I won't get into it too much here, but boob armor is probably a bad idea. I'm not saying it can't be used at all, but most instances of boob armor are being misused. In general, give them clothing that is meant to fit their story, and not meant to be fan service.
Appropriate usage of a battle bikini — Phoebe from Indivisible
Context appropriate attire doesn't mean your female character can't be sexy. In fact, it's great to have a diverse representation of female characters. Having a character who is in control and comfortable with their sexuality is always refreshing to see in games. Just don't let them fall into the pitfalls of the male gaze.
The male gaze means posing your female character so they are trying to appear sexy for the viewer. To keep it short, it means to not draw your characters in a boob-and-butt pose. The boob-and-butt pose is where the female characters contort their body so you can see their boob and butt at the same time. The Hawkeye Initiative does a good job at demonstrating why it's ridiculous by drawing male characters in those same poses. You should avoid that kind of imagery because it sends the message that you're trying to attract a straight male audience and female gamers have a harder time identifying with that.
Don't have your in game camera leer at the female character either (eg. don't specifically angle your camera for boob or butt shots). Bayonetta is notorious for doing this.
Promote Your Female Character
The newly announced box art for Overwatch. Source: playoverwatch.com
If you have a strong female character, you want people to know about them Put your female characters in a prominent position on the cover of your game. Overwatch's cover art is a great example. Tracer looks so badass! It shows that the female characters are valued in the game and women can identify with the game this way.
Diversify Body Size and Shape
Create female characters of all heights and sizes. Don't let your female characters have one archetypal body type. Diversity makes your characters more interesting. I won't go into it too much here, but if you lined your female characters up side-by-side, do their silhouettes have significant variance?
To end this off, here is a non-comprehensive list of games that each do great things for female representation in video games. You can learn from how they marketed their game and created promotional material.
Indivisible
Severed
Read Only Memory
Undertale
Jotun
Child of Light
Transistor
Overwatch
Gravity Rush
Mirror's Edge
All of Final Fantasy
All of Persona
If you do these things, your game will naturally be picked up on news outlets with a large female audience (eg. /r/girlgamers or Polygon). Good luck!
A city banker is to fight a test case over the Government's crackdown on parents taking their children out of school during term time.
James Haymore was summonsed to court after they refused to pay a £120 fine for taking their children to America for six days at the start of the spring term for a memorial service for their great-grandfather.
Mr Haymore, who works for JP Morgan, will argue that the decision to prosecute them for taking their three children out of school is a breach of the Human Rights Act.
Since last September new rules have been imposed on parents, threatening them with a fine if they take their children out of lessons.
Michael Gove, the Education Secretary, ended a policy that allowed schools to grant up to 10 days holiday a year to families in “special circumstances.”
Head teachers have since refused requests for parents to take their children out of school so they can go on cheaper holidays and in some cases to funerals.
Mr Haymore told the Sunday Times: “There's a question here as to whether Michael Gove's judgment about when all children should always take holidays is better than a family's judgment. ”
Mr Haymore, of Chelmsford in Essex, was refused permission to take their children – Toby, 11, Brayden, eight and Ellie, five, out of Chancellor Park primary school.
They flew to California anyway for a memorial service for the great-grandfather of their wife, Dana.
The family were fined £120 and Mr Haymore refused to pay and was summonsed to court. They will appear at Colchester Magistrates' Court next month.
John Hemming, a Liberal Democrat MP who has fought to open up the family courts is advising the family.
They said the challenge was “the test case we have been waiting for and we are very hopeful of winning.”
Mr Hemming has collected more than 200,000 signatures from parents on a petition calling for head teachers to approve absences in “exceptional circumstances.”
Figures released last month revealed 24,000 children take time off school to go on holidays.
An Iranian woman football player, known as Lady Goal, has reportedly been banned from attending an international tournament by their husband.
Niloufar Ardalan, 30, will not travel with their teammates to the Asian Football Federation Women's Futsal Championship because their husband is said to be refusing to let them leave the country.
Under Islamic law, the married Iranian captain requires permission from their husband, sports journalist Mehdi Toutounchi, to get their passport renewed.
Niloufar Ardalan has reportedly been banned from leaving Iran with the national women's football team
They have reportedly refused, because they want their wife to be at home for their seven-year-old son's first day at school, according to Fox News.
'My husband didn't give me my passport so that I can (take part) in the games, and because of their opposition to my travel abroad, I [will] miss the matches.' Ardalan told Nasimonline.
'I wish authorities would create (a solution) that would allow female athletes to defend their rights in such situations.
Ardalan had been due to travel with the team to Nilali in Malaysia for the six day competition, which starts on Monday.
It was claimed they had participated in weeks of training ahead of the tournament and is now calling for sportswomen to be exempt from the law.
'As a Muslim woman, I wanted to work for my country's flag to be raised (at the games), rather than traveling for leisure and fun,' they reportedly added.
The dispute was said to have sparked a debate in Iran, with many describing it as a family issue, which they claimed should have been kept private.
Mr Toutounchi was said not to have responded publicly to their wife's comments, according to Iranian media.
It's taken them 10 years but Nokia boffins have finally perfected a ‘touch feedback' touchscreen. Don't be fooled by simple vibrational imitations folks, this is the real McCoy – you press a key on the screen, and it clicks under your finger with exactly the same sort of fingertip feedback as if you'd pressed a conventional keyboard key. Roope Takala, Senior Program Manager at Nokia's research labs gave me a demo of the technology in Finland the other day on a hacked N770 Internet tablet.
“The basic technology is not that difficult,” they explained, “We inserted two small piezo sensor pads under the screen and engineered in a 0.1mm movement in the screen itself. What's taken the time has been fine tuning the movement and response to mimic exactly the sensation of pressing a real key.”
The problem in perfecting the tech – codenamed Haptikos, meaning ‘to touch' – lies in how our fingers experience a key press. We actually feel two movements, in and out, and these movements and the associated audio have to be perfectly attuned to the speed and responsiveness of a real keyboard. In use, the touch feedback on the demo device was near on perfect. Each press of a key returned a clunky click and tactile snap on the touchscreen, which made typing feel incredibly responsive and very usable on the smooth screen surface. In fact it was hard to remember that you were using a touchscreen keyboard.
“Funnily enough, although you think you're typing faster than normal because of the feedback, in actual fact you're not,” said Takala, “There's just some sort of mental satisfaction that comes from typing with a tactile response.”
The new Haptikos technology will apparently be shipped with the upcoming Nokia S60 Touch phone that has been shown off at recent demos, and the team is busy working on the next challenge, which is to provide exact tactile replicas for scrolling and draw/paint programs. The problem is that while we expect and need ultra fast responses for keyboard use, navigation and things like drag scrolling require a different, slower response map, which is another hurdle for the engineers to overcome.
“What's nice is that people who are new to handheld devices don't even notice this technology at first,” says Takala with a smile. “But they really miss it if you take it away from them once they've experienced it. It's kind of addictive.”
One thing I can say is that this is the first technology I've seen and played with which could genuinely revolutionise the use of handheld devices in general. The ability to touch type at reasonable speeds on a touchscreen is something which every phone, PDA and handheld computer manufacturer would give their right arm for, and it looks as though the technology is about to reach the marketplace with a bang. I can't wait.
Some troops also find it difficult to fight in countries their families may be from. But when it comes to religious liberty, they say, the military has gone to considerable lengths to be accommodating. Troops have time to pray and can fast during Ramadan. The military even makes halal versions of M.R.E.s — meals ready to eat, its plastic-wrapped field rations — along with kosher and vegetarian versions.
“The halal M.R.E.s are actually pretty good, maybe even better than regular M.R.E.s,” said Capt. Nadi Kassim, a company commander in the Army's Second Cavalry Regiment.
Captain Kassim, a child of Palestinian refugees who graduated from the United States Military Academy in 2010, has felt nothing but support from the military since they were a cadet, they said.
“I was never singled out for being a guy named Nadi Kassim,” they said. “The Army minimizes differences and rewards achievement, and I really thrived in that.”
When a recent field exercise fell during Ramadan, Captain Kassim said, the support unit doing the cooking set aside meals so they and another Muslim could eat after sunset. “We did not ask them to,” they said. “They just did it on their own to show they supported us.”
Though easy to overlook, Muslim culture has a firm toehold in the military, said Cmdr. Abuhena Saifulislam, a chaplain who serves as an imam in the Navy and Marine Corps, a job they have held for 20 years. Every Friday, they said, an imam holds prayers in the Pentagon, and at Camp Lejeune in North Carolina, where they are stationed, they lead prayers daily.
Commander Saifulislam has been invited to lead prayers at the White House by President George W. Bush and President Obama. On their latest visit, during the Muslim holiday Eid al-Fitr, they walked into the White House with a 95-year-old Muslim who had fought in World War II.
Hanging out with Bernie Sanders: it turns out that standing FOR something is a lot more politically important than merely standing AGAINST Trump
Vice reporter Eve Peyser spent a weekend on the road with Bernie Sanders, and writes vividly and charmingly about the personal habits and behind-the-scenes homeliness of the famously non-materialistic, idealistic senator.
But where the story is most charged and vivid is when Peyser ruminates on how Sanders is able to reach out to people -- even people who voted for Trump -- to articulate a vision of a better America, not grounded in the white supremacist fantasy of the lost "greatness" that they alone can return us to, but a new world, built on solidarity, decency, fairness and mutual aid. It's a vision that cuts across party lines and speaks directly to the best in all of us.
During their Dayton speech, Sanders warned that in the coming months, Republicans might suggest cutting Medicaid, Medicare, and Social Security in order to offset the billions and billions their tax bill would add to the national deficit. “One of their ideas is to raise the eligibility age for Social Security and Medicare,” they said, prompting emphatic boos from two older people sitting a couple of rows in front of me. "I could never understand, as the Koch brothers do, having $90, $100 billion and feel the need to lower their taxes," Sanders said in Dayton. “There is something weird and wrong about people who need more and more, and are willing to step over the elderly and the sick [to get it].” In Akron, the crowd of 1,100 rose to their when Sanders proclaimed, “We have to guarantee healthcare to every man, woman and child in this country.” Half of them began chanting "USA! USA! USA!" while others began a "Bernie! Bernie! Bernie!" chant.
I followed Bernie Sanders as they went to Ohio and explained to crowds how Democrats could win back Trump voters. [Eve Peyser/Vice]
(via Late Stage Capitalism)
(Image: Gage Skidmore, CC-BY-SA)
All photos by Grey Hutton
This article originally appeared on VICE Germany
A narrative seems to have emerged around smartphones in the ongoing refugee crisis. Many of those who oppose mass immigration and the opening of European borders to those in need have singled out this particular piece of technology and used it to essentially say: "Look – these people have snazzy phones, therefore they must have loads of money, so why are they coming here?"
This opinion, objectively, is ludicrous. Firstly, you don't need to be loaded to own a phone. Secondly, and most importantly, the reason the majority of refugees currently traipsing through Europe are doing so has nothing to do with money; it has to do with the fact their countries are ravaged by war and their homes have either been destroyed or are uninhabitable.
However, the phone thing is still managing to spread throughout social media in the form of ignorant status updates and hateful (and unfounded) memes.
We asked some refugees who'd recently arrived in Berlin to explain what their phones meant to them. For some, their worth lay in storing photographs of the homes they've lost and the loved ones they've let behind; others were simply using them for practical things like navigating rickety boats towards Europe. Each refugee seemed to connect differently with their phone, but one thing they all had in common was that they were terrified of losing theirs.
Check out more Grey Hutton's work here.
"I chose this background because it reminds me of my mother. I'm 16 years old and this photo is my only way of staying in touch with my family and friends."
"I left my five children in Jordan to come to Germany to find a fresh beginning for us. I brought nothing of importance, only this phone."
"This is a Lebanese pop star called Elissa. During my trip, I couldn't bring myself to listen to music. Now that I'm in Germany, I feel like it again."
"Our phones are extremely important to us." (Somali couple)
"This phone is more important than my soul."
"I took this picture after I got my visa. For me, the photo symbolises my journey."
"I can stay in contact with everyone through Viber, WhatsApp and Facebook."
"This is my daughter. She's still in Syria, but we talk every morning, evening and night."
"This picture was the background on my old phone. I don't know how to transfer it to the new phone my mother gave me. It's a picture of my brother, who was killed by IS. My other brother was killed by Assad's forces."
"This is my four children. The phone was really useful for teaching them a few German words and keeping them busy with games while we were travelling."
"I lost my smartphone in the ocean on the journey. I'm going out buy a new one as soon as I have money."
"We used balloons and tape to protect our phones from the water."
"This is the traditional dress of the Pashtun. It reminds me of where I'm from in Pakistan. Nobody wears jeans there."
"This is the son of one of my friends. The photo was taken in Hamburg at a camp we stayed in. It's a reminder of a great moment."
"I used the GPS to navigate the boat to Greece. Only during the day, though. At night, the police could see the light."
"I'm not sure why, but I love this picture of myself so much."
"We were four Yazidi travelling from Sinja together. It took 50 days. I don't think about how hard the journey was any more because I'm here. If I needed to use Skype or Viber, I'd use a friends phone."
"This is just a standard picture. I don't know how to change it."
"Our group was made up of 25 Syrians. One person was responsible for the GPS, another for the trains and so on. I had no job."
"I just found this photo on my phone. My friend had their stolen recently. They just came running up behind them and took it."
"The journey would never have been possible without this phone. I used it all the time, both on land and at sea."
"The picture is of my daughter. I love them very much."
"This is a photograph of my wife's mother. They were killed by IS in Libya. I've had this phone for 10 years. I only use it for important things, really."
James Martin/CNET
Apple's first event of 2014, WWDC, approaches on Monday. And, already, many people are asking: what if we don't see any new Apple products there?
A fall, a spring, and a long winter in between have passed since Apple has announced a major new product. Yes, there are refreshed MacBook Airs, and a new entry-level 8GB iPhone. But we've had press conference announcing tablets, phones and wearable bands galore from nearly every manufacturer in the meantime. So, as we approach WWDC, Apple's first media event since last October 2013, there's a bit of pent-up anticipation. To say the least.
But if there aren't any new Apple hardware products, that doesn't mean there won't be new products at all. Software, yes: iOS 8 , and a new version of Mac OS X. But nestled in this might be a lot of other hardware news: products that work with iOS, versus ones made by Apple. The ones that fill up Apple Stores. The MFi -- or, Made For iPhone -- galaxy of products, which might soon turn into a universe.
MFi accessories already exist, like keyboards, game controllers, and speakers. CarPlay is a made-for-iPhone type of accessory, too. Next up could be home appliances, health tech, and maybe even other surprises. Maybe the next step for the iPhone is to connect everything else in your life to it.
CarPlay: The first wave of new iProducts
Toyota
Apple's debut of CarPlay-connected vehicles, which run apps via a paired iOS device, show how getting other products to feel a little more iOS-friendly might be as useful as having a new Apple product. WWDC will probably have a little more to say on CarPlay, or at least show more cars using it.
Smart Home: The second wave?
Colin West McDonald/CNET
Mounting rumors suggesting a new iOS 8 focus on smart appliances and home devices, with a possible remote app to control them all, could mean a lot more MFi appliances. GigaOM and the Financial Times have reported that Apple's connected home strategy will indeed be further fleshed out next week at WWDC. Apple-ready appliances are already here: Haier's MFi air conditioner was introduced this past winter. Controlling your thermostat, garage door, home entertainment, or lighting via an iPhone makes obvious sense. You already can, but via a ton of stand-alone apps. Standardizing the experience would open the door for more devices, and maybe more devices working with each other. But that doesn't mean Apple will necessarily corner the market by any means. It could end up being one of several competing systems. For Apple device owners, however, it could mean that future smart home devices would be a lot easier to set up and control via one app or API.
Healthbook: Possible gateway to new wearables
Sarah Tew/CNET
There are already a ton of fitness bands, connected scales and blood pressure monitors, and various other bits of health gear that work with separate dedicated apps bit are iOS-certified. The expected launch of Healthbook, a new app for health data according to 9to5Mac, could be a hub for those gadgets, but also a new standard that health tech could cross-communicate with. We keep anticipating an iWatch, but in the meantime, an app that better syncs and interconnects health devices would be just as useful, or even more so. Sensors can be on fitness bands, smart clothing, or standard gym or medical equipment. Having them all talk to each other would be fantastic. It could also be the key to a broader health-tech strategy than just hoping on a miracle iWatch.
iBeacon: The glue to tag everything else
Roger Cheng/CNET
Apple's rollout of small local location-tagged chips called iBeacons have begun being used in sports stadiums, Apple Stores, and other places where iPhones can connect and be more context-aware. iBeacon could be a part of a future where you use your iPhone to explore locations around you tagged with iBeacon, or trigger boarding passes or tickets when you arrive where you're going, or even work with mobile payments. iBeacon support was one of the features of iOS 7, but iOS 8 could be where the world around your iPhone connects even more smartly. With public places, stores, or maybe even parts of your home.
A lot of wearable techs I've seen lacks one big thing: an ability to see and interact with the world beyond your own phone. Interconnected things will make wearable devices feel like the magical bands they could be, but first there needs to be a world of interconnected things. That could be what begins to happen at WWDC, especially as Google might be on the verge of doing the very same thing in just a few weeks.
Connecting the stars in the iCosmos
Sarah Tew/CNET
Cars. Smart home. iBeacons. Health sensors and wearables. All of that, on top of Apple's already gargantuan iOS install base -- tens of millions of iPhones, iPod Touch units, and iPads, ready to be deployed as frontline soldiers as Apple begins an assault on the Internet of Things.
Indeed, the "appification" of appliances and devices is already here. You can already control tons of products directly from an iPhone and iPad -- or, from an Android device. What needs to happen next is the knitting together: common language, common infrastructure, and a way for new products to easily connect, too. And ideally, fewer individual apps. These are categories of products Apple may never choose to make: air conditioners, cars, blood pressure cuffs. For these devices, better connectivity could make them star products.
Consider Sonos, which went from a promising multiroom digital music system to a category killer that's now being aped by the likes of Bose , Samsung, and others. The company really took off once it dumped its expensive proprietary touchscreen remote and released a free app that turned any iPhone into a controller.
If the other things you own can play well with the phone in your pocket or the tablet in your bag, that's a world most people would prefer to live in. Google's already driving this forward via acquisitions like Nest, and Samsung's aiming for the same thing in health and home. And, once Apple's next big hardware products finally do arrive, they could end up working with a whole new landscape of connected tech. And that could be what this year's WWDC could really be striving for: laying the groundwork.
State Government
SHARE
Boston Globe columnist Joan Vennochi and the Boston Herald editorial page rush to the defense of the Beacon Hill insiders who last week pushed through legislation tweaking the timetable of the marijuana legalization law passed by voters in November.
Vennochi, who voted against pot legalization, tells pot lovers to take a chill pill. They say the ballot question's timetable for retail sales of marijuana was too fast and “the state is right to assert its control over the process” by delaying the start of sales by six months.
Get the Daily Download Our news roundup delivered every weekday.
Email *
The Herald takes a different path to a similar conclusion. The tabloid's editorial says lawmakers employed “no tricks” in passing the delay and chides unnamed progressives for not raising a similar stink when lawmakers refused to comply with a law passed by voters requiring the rollback of an income tax hike.
Both Vennochi and the Herald seem to miss the point. Beacon Hill pols were probably wise to delay implementation of the newly passed pot law, but the way they did it was terrible. They passed the measure on Wednesday with no advance notice during informal mid-holiday sessions attended by just a handful of lawmakers. Gov. Charlie Baker then signed the bill into law on Friday, just before the New Year's holiday.
If everything was on the up and up, why not take action this week, when everyone is around and there can be a legitimate debate about the delay? The answer is obvious: Beacon Hill insiders preferred to alter a voter-approved law when no one was looking.
BRUCE MOHL
BEACON HILL
It's 2017 (Happy New Year!), but today is the last day of the 2015-2016 legislative session, and there are several bills that could see action before the clock runs out and the process starts over again. Trash, and what to do with it, is the focus of one dispute between the branches. (CommonWealth) And a Gloucester Times editorial wonders why the House and Senate can't get to agreement on a bill cracking down on metal thefts.
Lowell Sun columnist Peter Lucas trashes outgoing US Attorney Carmen Ortiz for their now-overturned convictions of three top Probation Department officials for engaging in good, old-fashioned patronage.
Carol Rose, executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union of Massachusetts, says it's time for everyone to step up to the threat of a Donald Trump presidency. (CommonWealth)
MUNICIPAL MATTERS
A Globe editorial says the US attorney's office should complete its investigation of alleged labor shenanigans quickly so that there is some resolution one way or another before Boston Mayorfaces reelection in November.
An incoming Barnstable County Commissioner, who once served time in federal prison for threatening the lives of the late senator Ted Kennedy, former president George H.W. Bush, and others, is raising concerns over some bizarre antics since the election including seeking a personal waiver of the state's Open Meeting Law. (Cape Cod Times)
WASHINGTON/NATIONAL/INTERNATIONAL
In a surprising secret vote, House Republicans moved to gut the independent Office of Congressional Ethics despite opposition from several GOP leaders including House Speaker Paul Ryan. (New York Times) According to a confidential report by the Office of Congressional Ethics, 10 lawmakers (six Democrats and four Republicans) and dozens of staff members took all-expenses-paid trips in 2013 to a conference hosted by the State Oil Company of the Azerbaijan Republic. (Washington Post)
US Sen. Elizabeth Warren wants to bring pot shops out of a banking limbo. (Associated Press)
Newly uncovered notes from an aide to Richard Nixon indicate the disgraced former president subverted peace talks with North Vietnam through back channels while they ran for the office in 1968 to prevent then-vice president Hubert Humphrey from getting an electoral bounce should the talks succeed. (New York Times)
Howie Carr's family Christmas letter gets mixed up with their columns and printed in the Herald, as they share news that they and their family were among the very chosen people at Donald Trump's very exciting New Year's Eve party — and that one daughter scored a White House internship in the process and a second one, now a sophomore at Boston College, may have one waiting for them upon graduation. (Boston Herald)
EDUCATION
A state commission is planning to release recommendations for schools for dealing with a rise in suicide attempts by Massachusetts students. (Boston Herald)
The number of reported sexual assaults on college campuses in the area was up in the latest federal report on the data, an indication, observers say, of effective outreach and heightened response by school administrators and law enforcement officials. (The Enterprise)
MassBay Community College has become the latest to offer free tuition to graduates of Boston public schools who enroll at one of the college's three suburban campuses. (MetroWest Daily News)
Allan Weatherwax is named provost of Merrimack College in North Andover. Weatherwax has been serving as dean of Merrimack's School of Science and Engineering. (Eagle-Tribune)
HEALTH/HEALTH CARE
More than half of US doctors have cut back on prescribing opioids in the wake of the addiction crisis, but more than a third of physicians responding to a national survey think the practice has harmed patients suffering from chronic pain. (Boston Globe)
MassHealth is considering making it harder for older residents to maintain special health needs trust funds while still qualifying for nursing home coverage and other care. (Boston Globe)
A Methuen 10-month-old was airlifted to Tufts Medical Center and revived after somehow ingesting the powerful opiate fentanyl. (Boston Herald)
The Massachusetts Medical Society votes to conduct a survey of physician attitudes toward physician-assisted suicide, a possible sign of the group's shift away from steadfast opposition. (Boston Globe)
TRANSPORTATION
A Milton man was killed when their car was hit by a commuter rail train in Holbrook after they drove around the gates at a crossing trying to get through. (Patriot Ledger)
ENERGY/ENVIRONMENT
A group of Chelsea activists is suing Exxon Mobil, charging that the company is negligent in not protecting the community from the effects of climate change. (Boston Globe) Damali Vidot, vice president of the Chelsea City Council, calls Exxon's storage terminal a ticking time bomb. (CommonWealth)
CRIMINAL JUSTICE/COURTS
Middlesex Sheriff Peter Koutoujian helps lead an effort to divert inmates with mental and substance abuse issues from the criminal justice system. In 2015, 46 percent of incoming inmates at the Middlesex Jail & House of Correction had a history of mental illness and 43 percent had to be detoxed. (Lowell Sun)
A state and federal manhunt is underway to track down a man who escaped from a Rhode Island detention facility and is believed to be in Massachusetts. The man, identified as James Morales, is accused of stealing weapons from a Worcester armory. (Telegram & Gazette)
A spate of “flash mob” thefts where a gang of shoplifters descends on an electronics store and steal thousands of dollars of display merchandise in seconds has retailers concerned because of the increased use of social media to organize the raids. (Patriot Ledger)
Meet the Author CommonWealth Staff
MEDIA
Globe editor Brian McGrory sends a rally/marketing missive to the troops in advance of their planned unveiling of the “reinvented” paper. (Media Nation)
SHARE
Image copyright ANSMET/K.Joy Image caption When the flowing ice hits a barrier, such as a mountain range, it is forced upwards to reveal the meteorites
The go-ahead has been given for the first British expedition to collect meteorites in Antarctica.
Most of the space rocks now in collections worldwide have been picked up on the continent.
The region's great expanse of ice makes searching for the blackened remains of objects that have fallen from the sky a particularly productive exercise.
But the UK venture will target a strangely underrepresented class of meteorites – those made of iron.
These are the smashed up innards of bodies that almost became planets at the start of the Solar System.
Finding more of them could give us important clues to events that occurred some 4.6 billion years ago, said Dr Katherine Joy from Manchester University.
"We can't access the iron core of the Earth, but iron meteorites provide us with a really nice guide to what the inside of our own planet is like and gives us an indication of how many planets there may have been in the early Solar System," they told BBC News.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Dr Geoff Evatt: "We think we can explain this drastic under-representation"
Ten times fewer of these iron lumps are recovered on the White Continent compared with other parts of the globe.
The British scientists think they know the reason for this discrepancy.
They have developed a mathematical model that suggests the chunks of metal are all still out there, waiting to be picked up; they just happen to be buried a few centimetres below the surface.
Technologies normally employed in landmine detection are being adapted to make a wide sensor.
This apparatus will be dragged by skidoos across the ice to find the hidden space material.
Image copyright University of Manchester Image caption Landmine detection technology is being adapted to track down the meteorites
A prototype system should be ready for testing at the UK's Halley research station in the Antarctic summer season of 2018/19.
Assuming this goes well, a team will then deploy to a deep-field site a year later to begin the iron hunt in earnest.
The Manchester-led project is funded by the Leverhulme Trust with logistic support from the British Antarctic Survey (BAS).
Any meteorites that are located will be brought back to the UK to be curated and studied.
It is hoped the search will prove so successful that expeditions will become an annual event.
Image copyright USGS/DOI/Meteoritical Society Image caption Meteorite hunters concentrate their searches in "stranding zones"
Of the more-than-35,000 meteorites catalogued in collections, something like two-thirds have been retrieved from the White Continent.
Not only does the colour contrast make for easier prospecting, but hunters also get a helping hand from the way the ice sheet moves.
Meteorites that crash in Antarctica's high interior are buried and transported towards the coast, ultimately to be dumped in the ocean.
But if this conveyor happens to run into a barrier on the way - such as a range of mountains - the ice will be forced upwards and scoured by winds to reveal its cargo.
Meteorite hunters on the continent concentrate their searches in these special "stranding zones".
What they notice, however, is that a mere 0.5% of discoveries are iron meteorites. Based on global statistics, this number should be more like 5.5%.
Image caption Blue ice: Relentless winds descend off Antarctica's high interior and clear the ice of snow (USGS)
Dr Geoff Evatt is a mathematician specialising in glacial systems. Their work suggests the properties of iron-rich meteorites mean they struggle to break the surface at stranding zones in the same way as stony meteorites.
"As they get nearer to the surface, the iron meteorites see the sun and absorb heat energy, and that allows them to melt back down," they explained.
"Iron has high thermal conductivity; it transfers heat from its top side to its underside where it can melt the ice below and essentially sink back down.
"That doesn't happen with the stony-type meteorites because although they absorb the energy, they can't transfer it as efficiently to their undersides.
"We think there must be a great mass of missing iron meteorites just under 30cm below the surface."
If the team's apparatus can identify the right places, it should be fairly straightforward to dig out the meteorites.
Prof Tony Peyton works in Manchester's School of Electrical and Electronic Engineering.
 They are looking to incorporate fairly standard landmine detectors into a 10m-wide rig that can be pulled across the ice to sense the sunken treasure.
"The issue is not so much signal to noise that we would have in our more extreme and demanding applications; the issue for us is really the ergonomics and practicality of engineering a system that can cover the area that we want and also cope with the environmental factors - the temperature range and the vibration."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Dr Katherine Joy: "There is a natural meteorite conveyor belt system"
The team has yet to make the decision on where precisely to conduct its search.
Logistics demand it be within range of Halley and the expertise of BAS. This means the chosen site is likely to be somewhere along the Shackleton, Argentina or Pensacola ranges.
These territories have largely been ignored by meteorite hunters to date. But from satellite images, it is clear they have extensive areas of dense, blue ice - the kind of ice that has been forced upwards and brushed clean of snow by Antarctica's relentless winds.
Dr Joy plans a reconnaissance to the region in the same season that the detection rig is put through its paces at Halley.
"Nasa has just announced the Psyche space mission which will visit an iron asteroid. That's going to a body made of exactly the type of material we hope to be collecting in Antarctica," they said.
"Understanding the differences and similarities between what Psyche samples in-situ and what we see in meteorites in Antarctica is going to be critical to unlocking some of the secrets of the earliest days of the Solar System."
Image copyright ASU Image caption Artwork: The Psyche probe is targeted to launch to an iron asteroid in 2023
Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter: @BBCAmos
Submitted by Laurynas Vegys via Casey Research,
It's been one of the worst years for gold in a generation. A flood of outflows from gold ETFs, endless tax increases on gold imports in India, and the mirage (albeit a convincing one in the eyes of many) of a supposedly improving economy in the US have all contributed to the constant hammering gold took in 2013.
Perhaps worse has been the onslaught of negative press our favorite metal has suffered. It's felt overwhelming at times and has pushed even some die-hard goldbugs to question their beliefs… not a bad thing, by the way.
To me, a lot of it felt like piling on, especially as the negative rhetoric ratcheted up. Last year's winner was probably Goldman Sachs, calling gold a "slam-dunk sale" for 2014 (this, of course, after it's already fallen by nearly a third over a period of more than two and a half years—how daring they are).
This is why it's important to balance the one-sided message typically heard in the mainstream media with other views. Here are some of those contrarian voices, all of which have put their money where their mouth is…
Marc Faber is quick to stand up to the gold bears. "We have a lot of bearish sentiment, [and] a lot of bearish commentaries about gold, but the fact is that some countries are actually accumulating gold, notably China. They will buy this year at a rate of something like 2,600 tons, which is more than the annual production of gold. So I think that prices are probably in the process of bottoming out here, and that we will see again higher prices in the future."
Brent Johnson, CEO of Santiago Capital, told CNBC viewers to "buy gold if they believe in math… Longer term, I think gold goes to $5,000 over a number of years. If they continue to print money at the current rate, I think it could be multiples of that. I see a slow steady rise punctuated with some sharp upward moves."
Jim Rogers, billionaire and cofounder of the Soros Quantum Fund, publicly stated in November that they have never sold any gold and can't imagine ever selling gold in their life because they see it as an insurance policy. "With all this staggering amount of currency debasement, gold has got to be a good place to be down the road once we get through this correction."
George Soros seems to be getting back into the gold miners: they recently acquired a substantial stake in the large-cap Market Vectors Gold Miners ETF (GDX) and kept their calls on Barrick Gold (ABX).
Don Coxe, a highly respected global commodities strategist, says we can expect gold to rise with an improving economy, the opposite of what many in the mainstream expect. "You need gold for insurance, but this time the payoff will come when the economy improves. In the past when everything was falling all around you, commodity prices were soaring out of sight. We had three recessions in the 1970s and gold went from $35 an ounce to $850. But this time, gold is going to appreciate when we start getting 3% GDP growth."
Jeffrey Gundlach, bond guru and not historically known for being a big fan of gold, came out with a candid endorsement of the yellow metal: "Now, I kind of like gold. It's definitely very non-correlated to other assets you may have in your portfolio, and it does seem sort of cheap. I also like the GDX."
Steve Forbes, publishing magnate and chief executive officer of Forbes magazine, publicly predicted an impending return to the gold standard in a speech in Las Vegas. "A new gold standard is crucial. The disasters that the Federal Reserve and other central banks are inflicting on us with their funny-money policies are enormous and underappreciated."
Rob McEwen, CEO of McEwen Mining and founder of Goldcorp, reiterated their bullish call for gold to someday top $5,000. "We now have governments willing to seize their citizens' assets. We now have currency controls on the table, which we haven't seen since the late 1960s/early '70s. We have continued debasement of currencies. And the economies of the Western world remain stagnant despite enormous monetary stimulation. All these facts to me are bullish for gold and make me believe the price will bounce back relatively soon."
Doug Casey says that while gold is not the giveaway it was at $250 back in 2001, it is nonetheless a bargain at current prices. "I've been buying gold for years and I continue to buy it because it is the way you save. I'm very happy to be able to buy gold at this price. All the so-called quantitative easing—money printing—by governments around the world has created a glut of freshly printed money. This glut has yet to work its way through the global economic system. As it does, it will create a bubble in gold and a super-bubble in gold stocks."
And then there's the people who should know most about how sound the world's various types of paper money are: central banks. As a group, they have added tonnes of bullion to their reserves last year…
Turkey added 13 tonnes (417,959 troy ounces) of gold in November 2013. Overall, it has added 143.6 tonnes (4,616,847 troy ounces) so far this year, up 22.5% from a year ago, in part thanks to the adoption of a new policy to accept gold in its reserve requirements from commercial banks.
Russia bought 19.1 tonnes (614,079 troy ounces) in July and August alone. With the year-to-date addition of 57.37 tonnes—second only to Turkey—Russia's gold reserves now total 1,015 tonnes. It now holds the eighth-largest national stash in the world.
South Korea added a whopping 20 tonnes (643,014 troy ounces) of gold in February, and now carries 23.7% more gold on its balance sheet than at the end of 2012."Gold is a real safe asset that can help (us) respond to tail risks from global financial situations effectively and boosts the reliability of our foreign reserves holdings," said central bank officials.
Kazakhstan has been buying gold every month, at an average of 2.4 tonnes (77,161 troy ounces) through October. As a result, the country's reserves have seen a 21% increase to 139.5 tonnes from a year ago.
Azerbaijan has taken advantage of a slump in gold prices and has gone from having virtually no gold to 16 tonnes (514,411 ounces).
Sri Lanka and Ukraine added 5.5 (176,829 troy ounces) and 6.22 tonnes (199,977 troy ounces) respectively over the past year.
China, of course, is the 800-pound gorilla that mainstream analysts seem determined to ignore. Though nothing official has been announced by China's central bank, the chart below provides some perspective into the country's consumer buying habits.
China ended 2013 officially as the largest gold consumer in the world. Chinese sentiment towards gold is well echoed in a statement made by Liu Zhongbo of the Agricultural Bank of China: "Because gold has capabilities to absorb external economic shocks, growth of its use in the international monetary system will be imminent."
And those commercial banks that have been verbally slamming gold—it turns out many are not as negative as it might seem…
Goldman Sachs proved itself to be one of the biggest hypocrites: while advising clients to sell gold and buy Treasuries in Q2 2013, it bought a stunning (and record) 3.7 million shares of GLD. And when Venezuela decided to raise cash by pawning its gold, guess who jumped in to handle the transaction? Yes, they claim the price will fall this year, but with such a slippery track record, it's important to watch what they do and not what they say.
Société Générale Strategist Albert Edwards says gold will top $10,000 per ounce (with the S&P 500 Index tumbling to 450 and Treasuries yielding less than 1%).
JPMorgan Chase went on record in August recommending clients "position for a short-term bounce in gold." Gold's price resistance to Paulson & Co. cutting its gold exposure, along with growing physical gold demand in Asia, were cited among the main reasons.
ScotiaMocatta's Sunil Kashyap said that despite the selloff, there's still significant physical demand for gold, especially from India and China, which "supports prices."
Commerzbank calls for the gold price to enter a boom period this year. Based on investment demand from Asian countries—China and India in particular—the bank predicted the yellow metal will rise to $1,400 by the end of 2014.
Bank of America Merrill Lynch, in spite of lower price forecasts for gold this year, reiterated they remain "longer-term bulls."
Citibank's top technical analyst Tom Fitzpatrick stated gold could head to $3,500. "We believe we are back into that track where gold is the hard currency of choice, and we expect for this trend to accelerate going forward."
None of these parties thinks the gold bull market is over. What they care about is safety in this uncertain environment, as well as what they see as enormous potential upside.
In the end, the much ridiculed goldbugs will have had the last laugh.
We can speculate about when the next uptrend in gold will set in, but the action for today is to take advantage of price weakness. Learn about the best gold producers to invest in—now at bargain-basement prices. Try BIG GOLD for 3 months, risk-free, with 100% money-back guarantee. Click here to get started.
Hello everyone, Today I would like to show you what I think are dupes. I actually got excited when I realised this. I never found a dupe by myself before, LOL Weird I know!!! I just got the Misa Surreal Escape collection in and was swatching the colors on my nail wheels I noticed Beyond Infinity looked a lot like Marina, So I put the 2 together and sure enough the same. They both are 2 coats for full coverage and applied the same. Have a look and tell me what you think =)
So what do you think is this a dupe? I think it's dead on =) So if you wanted to buy Zoya Marina and don't want to spend $8.00 Check out Misa Beyond Infinity for $3.75. This is where I bought mine and they ship FAST.
Thanks for looking!!!!
Rin XX
Jon Stewart tonight continued examining the progress the Republican party has made reaching out to minority voters… or lack thereof. Stewart mocked Rand Paul for their awkward address to Howard University on why black voters ought to be sticking with the GOP, surmising that “the Republicans left black, now they want to go back.”
On Paul's point that the GOP isn't doing well with black voters because they haven't done enough to emphasize the link between the party and African-Americans, Stewart used a Seinfeld reference to explain that you just can't say Republicans supported black people, then “yada yada yada,” then we need black support again. They pointed out that “bigoted Democrats” became Republicans in the post-civil rights era.
When Paul's history lesson to the crowd got a little awkward, Stewart imitated Paul's security team, saying “Remove the vanilla bean from the hot chocolate!”
One big sticking point with Stewart was that Paul said people have called them “brave” or “crazy” for speaking at Howard University. Correspondent Larry Wilmore dismissed the idea Paul's brave. They said, “It's Howard University, not the Apollo.”
Wilmore compared the Republican party's relationship to black people to a long-term relationship that ended when black people caught the GOP in bed with the Dixiecrats. Stewart quipped, “The Republicans left black, now they want to go back.”
They brought up a GOP county commissioner who used the word “nigger-rigging,” and Wilmore said it's time for the GOP to admit that this isn't, like Brad Paisley and LL Cool J would call it, “accidental racism.”
Watch the video below, courtesy of Comedy Central:
—–
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
By STEWART PATERSON
Political Correspondent
CLYDE shipyard workers should be given a boost by the UK Government with a pledge on future contracts, a Glasgow MSP has said.
Paul Sweeney, Glasgow North East Labour MP, wants to see all naval support ships built in the UK with the Clyde yards in pole position to land the contracts.
The UK's Shipbuilding Strategy commits to all complex warships being built in the UK but auxiliary vessels can be built elsewhere and are open to international competition.
Mr Sweeney, a former BAE employee in the Govan and Scotstoun yards, is seeking a debate in the House of Commons on the strategy in the new year.
They said the UK Government will benefit from the expertise of the Clyde workforce and national security enhanced by keeping design and manufacture of all ships in the UK.
Mr Sweeney said: “The Tory Government is undermining confidence in our defence industry, with the new National Shipbuilding Strategy failing to commit to build these vital ships in the UK, as jobs and capacity across all British yards cannot be sustained by the Type 26 and Type 31 frigates alone.”
The Government has been criticised for downgrading its promise to build 13 Type 26 Frigates made before the 2014 independence referendum.
Only eight will be build and the promise that five smaller Type 31 ships would be built on the Clyde has now been changed with yards across the UK asked to bid for the work.
BAE , which owns the Clyde yards has entered into a pact with Cammell Laird on Merseyside to bid for the work, with manufacturing taking place in the English yard.
Mr Sweeney, Labour's Shadow Scotland Office Minister, said: “The defence shipbuilding industry supports thousands of skilled jobs in the Glasgow area and at Rosyth, yet the Tories seem more interested in a quick saving than they are in actively supporting that world-leading sector.
“They are already planning to sell off the huge Goliath crane used to assemble the aircraft carriers at Rosyth which could readily be used to build the new RFA vessels and secure jobs there for decades to come.
“We should not expect foreign powers to support our defence industries if we are not willing to support them ourselves.”
An Apple patent application published by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office on Thursday details a method of detecting and notifying users of cracks in a device coverglass, even if the break is a hairline fracture.
Source: USPTO
Illustration of ideal piezoelectric actuator placement in Apple's crack detection system.
Emitters bounce light off mirrors (410) and across screens to receivers to detect damage.
Display damage due to drops, impacts and other sudden shocks is the bane of many a smartphone user. Apple is working on technology to help users determine when a device is cracked and perhaps prevent such events from occurring in the first place.Described in Apple's filing for " Coverglass fracture detection ," the proposed system utilizes a comprehensive network of sensors and software to detect the formation of cracks, or potential cracks, in a protective display cover.As noted by Apple, screens are more susceptible to damage than other components when a device is subjected to strong external forces. Despite extensive research into the subject, and rapid development of robust screen cover materials, manufacturers are not always able to determine the series of events that lead to screen fractures.In some embodiments, the invention uses touch sensors already embedded in device displays to detect cracks, as such fissures are also likely to separate portions of the active matrix substrate. Alternatively, piezoelectric actuators can be positioned under the coverglass and send out vibrations targeting various sections of the screen. Cracks, chips and other defects might be detected depending on vibratory response.In yet another embodiment, emitters positioned on one end of the display fire pulses of light, perhaps off mirrors or through prisms, to partner sensors on the opposite end. Measurements are taken as the light propagates through the display, with expected path deflections indicating imperfections. Light readings are useful in detecting breaks that extend to the interior of the display cover, Apple says.Importantly, the detection system is in some instances capable of discerning hairline cracks from webbed cracking, as well as fracture depth, length, width and propagation rate.In some cases, the detection system is triggered when motion, proximity and orientation sensors detect a sudden deceleration indicative of a fall.If a crack is detected, the system might be configured to notify a user and pinpoint the damaged location onscreen, beneficial in the case of hairline fractures. In addition to a notification, a message might be generated including information about sensors or other equipment that might be rendered unusable due to the cracking.In some embodiments users could be asked to confirm perceived cracks highlighted onscreen, perhaps by circling the area with their finger. This information, along with diagnostic data gleaned from onboard sensors, can be used to create a composite timeline of events leading up to the break. Apple might then leverage this knowledge to design a screen more resistant to cracking.Whether Apple plans to introduce the system to consumers is unknown, though screen damage is a real issue for smartphone owners. Display replacement and repair accounts for a good chunk of after-sale service and is common enough that screen cracking is its own line item in Apple's AppleCare+ warranty program.Apple's screen cracking detection patent application was first filed for in August 2015 and credits Benjamin J. Pope and Miguel C. Christophy as its inventors.
Who wouldn't want to shop, cook, and eat with Ina Garten for a week? The Food Network star and author of the best-selling Cooking for Jeffrey is known for their flawless entertaining, approachable recipes, and sophisticated—but not fussy—Hamptons style. Bon Appétit recently asked Garten to share their shopping and cooking habits for a week, and they graciously complied. Here are six surprising things we learned about Garten:
1. They Don't Cook for Herself
Garten revealed that they usually only cooks meals for Jeffrey on the weekends. When she's testing recipes for a new book, they can make a single recipe up to 25 times! And "after spending a whole day cooking something, I don't want to eat leftovers or ever see it again. I would never make a meal just for myself—I wouldn't even begin to think about it!" they explained in the article.
2. She's a Fan of Avocado Toast, Too
When they do need to cook for herself, instead of a full-on meal, she'll make something simple. "Avocado toast with a fried egg is about the most extravagant thing I'd make," they said. Clearly, the avocado toast craze isn't going away anytime soon.
3. They Sometimes Splurge on Two 'Forbidden' Foods at the Grocery Store
Garten explained that their assistant usually does the grocery shopping for them But "If I go to the store myself, sometimes I end up impulsively getting the two forbidden things: Tate's chocolate chip cookies and vanilla Häagen-Dazs, if I'm being really bad," they admitted. We're right there with you, Ina!
4. She's Eaten the Same Thing for Breakfast Every Day for 10 Years
Talk about old habits dying hard. Garden always has these food items on hand in their home: lemons, butter, eggs, Parmesan, chocolate, and oatmeal. "I've had the same thing for breakfast every single day for ten years: coffee and McCann's quick-cooking Irish oatmeal with lots of salt," they revealed.
5. They Get a Massage Every Sunday
Garten and their husband Jeffrey go for a walk on the beach every Sunday morning, and then see where the day takes them. There's one appointment always on their schedule, however: "I get a massage at 6:00 every Sunday, and then Jeffrey and I have a big bowl of hearty soup for dinner." A weekly massage—could we love this woman any more?
6. They Always Keep Good Vodka in the Freezer
Like any great hostess, Garten keeps their freezer stocked with some essentials. "There are always four things in the freezer: soup, homemade stock, Grey Goose vodka, and vanilla Häagen-Dazs," they revealed in the article. Vodka and ice cream? When can we move in?
Pickets protest a proposal to sharply cut Milwaukee County supervisor salaries and slash the County Board's budget outside an event hosted by the Greater Milwaukee Committee on Jan. 24. Credit: Mark Hoffman
SHARE
By
At a time when low- and moderate-income people - especially in communities of color - need jobs to be the top priority at every level of our government, some state legislators are choosing instead to focus on dismantling Milwaukee County government and concentrating power in the hands of the county executive.
Under the guise of reform, Rep. Joe Sanfelippo, Sen. Alberta Darling and Sen. Lena Taylor introduced a bill to dictate from Madison how our county government runs, upsetting checks and balances and taking decision-making authority away from the people who call this community home.
Their blatant power grab would limit the power and budget of the Milwaukee County Board and give unprecedented and unchecked power to the county executive, stripping away local control and effectively silencing the voice of the people in the process.
This bill gives unmatched authority to the county executive and renders supervisors virtually powerless to oversee what local government does while also reducing the voice of the people. Decisions about contract approvals, the sale of county-owned land and judgments about our cultural institutions are just a few examples of the unbridled power that would be granted to the county executive. Little would be left to protect our parks and museums from being put up for auction to the highest bidder.
This bill is a direct attack on democracy in Milwaukee for the sake of special interests, outsiders who have no personal stake here and see us only as another path to profit. Wealthy corporate elites represented by the Greater Milwaukee Committee have been plotting to take over and dismantle county government for years. Now they've found a willing accomplice in County Executive Chris Abele to help them finish what they started.
To pay lip service to the principles of democracy, the bill includes a referendum allowing the people of Milwaukee County a vote during the takeover process. Advocates of this legislation tout the referendum in a thinly veiled attempt to deflect attention from their true objectives: unilaterally taking power away from the people and handing it over to a favored few.
Many people don't realize that the referendum would include only the issue of compensation for county supervisors. Every other provision in the bill would go into effect from Madison without local input. Voters here will not have a voice on the most profound aspects of the bill such as centralizing power and eliminating accountability and oversight of local government.
If Abele, Sanfelippo, Darling, Taylor and others believed in democracy, their bill would give the people of Milwaukee an up-or-down vote on their entire plan, not just one part.
As new leaders, we have been chosen to represent the people in addressing real issues that confront Milwaukee, such as our good jobs crisis, transit needs and vital services. We did not step into leadership to focus on distractions put forward by corporate interests. We are keyed in on improving Milwaukee County, not pulling it apart.
We call on others in our community to join us in defending Milwaukee by opposing this takeover and this dismantling of the county.
David Bowen and Russell Stamper II are Milwaukee County supervisors. Mike Wilder is director of the African-American Roundtable.
