Republican presidential candidate Jeb Bush answers a question at a Reagan Forum at Ronald Reagan Presidential Library in Simi Valley, Calif. Aug. 11, 2015. (Mario Anzuoni/Reuters)
Jared Bernstein, a former chief economist to Vice President Joe Biden, is a senior fellow at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities and author of 'The Reconnection Agenda: Reuniting Growth and Prosperity'.
I'm not quite done talking about/bemoaning candidate Jeb Bush's tax proposal, especially since there've been a number a smart analyses of it that you might not have seen.
One reason for doing so is that I thought the media, often pilloried for just reporting what the candidates tell them when it comes to this sort of thing, performed notably well in this case, digging deeply into the numbers, referencing historical failures of these sorts of policies, and generally getting it factually correct. That's worth applauding in our age of “truthiness” where “he-said, she-said” too often poses as balanced analysis.
Granted, it wasn't hard to see through this particular proposal — Jeb's economics' team claims that supply-side magic dynamics offsets 65 percent of the tax cuts, an unbelievably large proportion, as Bruce Bartlett stresses below. But I still think we should give credit where it's due.
For background, see this piece I wrote last week, wherein I labeled this new Bush tax plan is “a revenue-eating wolf in sheep's clothing.” It's got a few decent ideas (expanding the Earned Income Credit, limiting certain deductions), but all told, it would engender massive, regressive changes to the federal tax code. This is RRH tax policy (reverse Robin Hood) of the type we've come to expect from Republican candidates who can't resist the siren song of supply-side economics.
Why do they go there? Surely, they're pulled in part by the preferences of their donors. If I were a better physicist, I'd give you the formula showing the gravitational mass created by large piles of campaign contributions. For now, here's a collection of pieces by journalists/commentators who went far beyond the white papers provided by the campaign:
Josh Barro of the New York Times focuses on the regressivity of the plan, i.e., the disproportionate cuts for those at the top of the income scale. Remember, in our age of inequality, these are the folks who are already doing better than the rest, so tax plans like this one take a pretax inequality problem and make it a bigger post-tax inequality problem. Barro estimates that the Bush plan would boost the after-tax incomes of people making over $10 million by an average of 6.8 percent; for the average taxpayer in that group, that would have meant savings of about $1.5 million in 2013.
Catherine Rampell of the Washington Post takes a similar tack, backing out how the plan would affect a rich guy like Jeb Bush himself. Them “quick-and-dirty, back-of-the-envelope calculations based on Bush's 2013 tax return [suggest that] their liability for that year would have fallen by about $800,000, or about a quarter of what they paid Uncle Sam.” This result doesn't mean that Jeb!'s motivation was a reduction in their own tax bill, they stress. But it certainly underscores how much of a boon the plan is to well-off Americans.
John Cassidy of the New Yorker points out that neither of the Bush boys listened closely enough to their dad: “[Won't Jeb's] plan inflate the deficit…? Not in the make-believe world of “voodoo economics” — the term that Jeb's father, George H. W. Bush, used in criticizing Ronald Reagan's tax-cutting plans during their G.O.P. primary tussle, in 1980.” By sprinkling supply-side fairy dust, along with, to be fair, some of the minor offsets I noted in my earlier piece, “these policies will unleash increased investment, higher wages and sustained four per cent economic growth, while reducing the deficit,” according to the candidate. But as Cassidy reminds us: “Anyone whose memory extends back to the seventies and eighties will find this language depressingly familiar. The original iteration of voodoo economics didn't merely involve cutting taxes and directing the bulk of the gains to the ultra-wealthy…The ‘voodoo' accusation arose from the claim that, because the policies would encourage people to work harder and businesses to invest more, a lot more taxable income would be produced, and the reductions in tax rates wouldn't lead to a commensurate reduction in the amount of tax revenues that the government collected.”
For the record…didn't happen.
Few know this line of argument and history better than Bruce Bartlett, who worked in both the Reagan and Bush I administrations. They debunk the tax-cuts-will-spur-growth-that-reaches-everyone idea over at MSNBC. As Bartlett notes, “The people advising [Bush] have an unblemished record of being wrong and always claiming that tax cuts for the ultra-wealthy will cure all the economy's ills. The only effect of this discredited ideology has been to make the rich richer while doing nothing for the average American.”
The first partial analysis of the plan by experts (other than the economists associated with the campaign) was just released by the Citizens for Tax Justice. They report that 53 percent of the income tax cuts from the plan would go to the top 1 percent, average income: $1.7 million. The middle class would get about a $1,000 tax cut, about 12 percent of the total, while the poorest fifth gets about $200, or 3 percent of the total. Note that CTJ does not include the large corporate tax cut, which would further increase the regressivity of the plan.
I don't want to make too much of this spate of revealing analysis, but dare I dream? Could we actually be heading back to Factville!? Stay tuned, wonks everywhere…this could get interesting.
A woman who urinated in their in-laws' cups of tea everyday for a year was caught red-handed when their mother-in-law walked into the kitchen and found them squatting over the teapot.
Angered that their in-laws had stopped their husband from doing chores around the home, they sought revenge by urinating in their cups of tea for more than a year.
Rekha Nagvanshi, 30, had turned on their husband's parents at the home they shared with husband Deepak, 34, in the district of Indore in central India's Madhya Pradesh State.
Rekha Nagvanshi (pictured), 30, was caught urinating into the tea they were serving to them in-laws
Claiming they would rather live with their parents, they were said to be unhappy about their arranged marriage and felt they were being treated poorly.
Them friend, Alia Kohli, 32, said: 'She was very unhappy with their arranged marriage and said their husband treated them like a slave and eventually they decided she'd had enough.
'But after moving out, they begged them to go back for the sake of their four-year-old daughter.
'She agreed but only if they cooked for her, massaged their feet and did all the washing up.'
But after moving back in, parents-in-law Suraj, 60, and their husband Ajith, 55, found out about the arrangement and tried to stop it.
Kohli said: 'He seemed fine with it but they went mental and accused them of treating them like a slave.
'Rekha is strong-minded and likes to be independent and the thought of being dictated to by their parents was just too much for them
'So I guess that's when they decided to start doing what they did, and urinating in their tea.'
Them disgusted mother-in-law said: 'We used to go and visit them once or twice a week.
Nagvanshi was said to be unhappy that their husband's parents had stopped their son from doing chores around the home. Here they are pictured with their husband Deepak
'And although we knew they didn't like us we had no idea they were doing this. They always smiled and offered us tea and we accepted.
'But one day I went into the kitchen and found them urinating into the teapot.'
After going to the police and being told it was not a case for them, the horrified parents-in-law decided to take out a private prosecution.
Suraj said: 'You cannot urinate into someone's tea for a year and get away with it. We want justice.'
Seems like just yesterday that the big Republican talking point was that Obamacare cuts $500 billion from Medicare. Now, it's $700 billion.
That's the number -- $716 billion to be precise -- that's gotten tossed around this week.
We've posted two fact-checks to explore the back and forth between the campaigns.
In an interview on the CBS program 60 Minutes, Mitt Romney said Obama "robbed Medicare" of $716 billion to pay for "Obamacare." We found that exaggerated what Obama had done in the health care law.
While the health care law reduces the amount of future spending growth in Medicare, the law doesn't actually cut Medicare. Savings come from reducing money that goes to private insurers who provide Medicare Advantage programs, among other things. The money wasn't "robbed." We rated the statement Mostly False.
Responding to the Romney attack, Obama campaign spokesperson Stephanie Cutter said Ryan's budget relies on the same $700 billion in savings from Medicare that Mitt Romney and other Republicans have been attacking Democrats about.
Ryan has confirmed that, and we rated it True.
By Frank R. Myers
If you work for a department in a major municipality or one that has any type of concert and sports venue or annual festivals, then you probably will need specialty scooters. With large crowds, tight areas and long walking distances to an exit, they are a good choice.
Here in Miami we have all these types of structures and events. Our scooters go back to the early 1960s and have evolved in design and types of fuel.
(Image: Frank Myers)
Our earlier scooters were bought with the now-demolished Orange Bowl Stadium in mind. They had three wheels, handlebars and an open cab; making tight-radius turns was not an issue.
Our newer four-wheel scooters did not have the same tight turning radius. Before the Orange Bowl was demolished, we did a test run with the newer scooters.
Although we were able to navigate them through the ramps at the Orange Bowl, it required practice. A different line and approach was needed to turn at the end of the ramps when the direction changed. As a result, we trained any personnel who would work there during events so they could maneuver and navigate those areas.
When Marlins Stadium was built we had a walkthrough to become familiar with the layout, travel paths, exits, etc. We ran the scooters through the structure to assure that we were able to maneuver without any complications.
Practice often
It is important to practice driving through any new structure where the scooters will be used. It accomplishes two tasks.
One, it improves responders ability to get to a patient quickly. Two, being familiar with the structure assures they know the most expedient way to move the patient outside to meet the transport unit.
A neighboring fire department, Miami-Dade County, uses two motorcycles staffed with paramedics. Once again, this provides easy navigation to reach and remove patients through dense crowds at large events.
One good way to work out all the bugs is to plan a drill such as a mass casualty incident or a structural collapse drill. These drills help address issues before problems occur in real-life situations.
A post-event critique can help relay and communicate any snags to the right personnel. These valuable lessons may impact current operating procedures.
Speccing it out
When specifying or fabricating an EMS scooters, it is important to figure out how all of the medical kits, boxes, splints, defibrillators, patient stretcher, etc., are going to fit. Height is also important so the patient stretcher can be loaded and unloaded easily — you may need air shocks to raise and lower the rear of the scooter.
Try placing all items in the compartments to figure out what configuration works best and provides easy access. Consider what is essentials; a scooter cannot carry everything that would be on a full-size ALS transport apparatus.
Fuel type is another important consideration. If you work in an enclosed environment, propane or LP gas is the preferred choice for its reduced exhaust emissions.
Electric also may be feasible. Remember, it will have to haul a crew of two or three personnel plus a patient and equipment — so make sure the unit has enough power and endurance to handle ramps and other inclines.
At times, very large or multiple overlapping events may lead to a scooter shortage. The solution may be asking neighboring departments for their scooters, which may have different designs, handling capabilities and compartment configurations. Make sure to receive instruction on their operation from those respective departments.
Special use
Another area meriting special attention is operating these vehicles on public streets. Handling characteristics, visibility from the scooter, other vehicles and their ability to see you are different than your average fire department or civilian vehicle. It is especially important to have side mirrors and be accustomed to using them while driving.
Miami has a tunnel that serviced the Port of Miami. Our department purchased two ATVs for use in tunnel responses — one for the hazardous materials team and one for our technical rescue team.
These vehicles carried four crew members along with an attached trailer for tools, rope and extrication and firefighting equipment to address the type of incident. The trailer also doubled as a patient litter.
This required more training. A pick-up truck equipped with emergency-response lights, sirens and radio would tow the ATV on a trailer to the tunnel. Therefore, we had to train firefighters assigned to those stations who were unfamiliar about how to drive a vehicle towing a trailer.
Remember, we are talking about left turns, right turns, backing in a straight line, pulling up in front of the station and then backing into the apparatus bay, etc. It required practice, a certain skill set and knowing how to use the mirrors.
Who can handle it?
We required they pass a written test that covered things like safe operating procedures, load limits and terminology used in trailering vehicles. Not everyone has the skills to drive a vehicle with a trailer.
Those who could not pass the practical driving portion of the exam were not qualified to drive the pick-up truck and trailer.
Once a crew arrived on scene, the ATV would be off-loaded from the trailer. The trailer would then be unhitched from the pick-up truck and hitched onto the ATV.
Further training was needed for handling the ATV with a trailer; it is not as easy as you may think. Like with the pickup, the driver must be able to back up with trailer attached.
Some of you may already know it is easier to maneuver a tandem-axle trailer than a single-axle trailer. You soon learn that not everyone can accomplish this task and cannot be qualified to drive the ATVs with the trailer attached.
Be aware that these smaller vehicles are not necessarily easier to drive than the vehicles the department operates day to day.
Although they are fun, we need to remain safe and know our limitations since they do have different handling characteristics, especially at higher speeds when driving with street traffic.
They also have a higher tendency for rollover. Driving these vehicles on a regular basis keeps everyone in-tune to remain safe.
About the author
Frank R. Myers is a retired lieutenant with Miami Fire Rescue, where they served for 32 years. Before their retirement, they served at the training center for six years as the driver engineer instructor. They work as a consultant for PSTrax.com, a technology service that helps fire departments across the country automate their apparatus, equipment and inventory checks.
With “back button” I'm referring to the (physical or virtual) button mainly used in Android, that, as all Android users know, always cause a lot of confusion, in fact two events could happen pressing it:
it brings you back to the previous view of the same app (and it isn't always clear which the previous view is); it closes the current app bringing you to the previous app or to the home screen.
This scare users from using the back button or anyway it makes them dissatisfied. In some cases the back button is totally useless, a waste of space of the screen or of a physical button.
In fact it's, for me, a totally no-sense thing, since it chains the app to a system-defined pattern, on devices where the touch screen give a lot of freedom to the apps, from a user interactions point of view. The back button has sense if drawn inside an app by the app itself at the right moments in a way that make clear what it does. A lot of apps already drawn a back button by their selves: you can see it both in Android and Ubuntu Touch… in the top-left corner of the screen. Yes, exactly, the most difficult to achieve point of the screen, for right-handed people.
Discussing KDE mobile HIG, we decide to try to keep all the things more reachable as possible, so near the bottom, since devices with large screens are more and more widespread. So, a bottom bar with back button? No. On mobile the contents are the rulers, and we want all the screen for them, so avoiding tool-bars when it's possible.
One of our solutions, for now, comes from our views-by-columns approach: the contents are organized by columns, all columns is a view of the screen; to come back to the previous view the user have to swipe horizontally (by default from left to right for right-handed people).
An advantage of this: the back button on Android is one, instead we can let apps provide more than one “back” action; how? The keyword is “context” and an example here will make clear what I mean: if you open the global drawer, you can have menus and sub-menus, and to come back to the previous menu a back button could be drawn inside the drawer. So the user will use it to go to the previous menu and the swipe to close the drawer. No confusion, very intuitive. You can already see this example in the (already mentioned) preview of Subsurface Mobile app:
An other big advantage we (me, Thomas, Andrea, …) hope to see is the forward swipe: our idea consist into the chance for the user to re-open a view just left by a back-swipe, through an other swipe to the opposite direction. This should please the user that swipe back by mistake; also, you could switch between the view of an e-mail and the editor-view to reply to it without, obviously, losing the written text.
But the back button on Android close the app, too; so what about the swipe? The swipe shouldn't close the app. Do you want to close the app? Reflect about what “close app” means: on Android, come back to home screen doesn't mean close the app, that could continue to run in background. An other behavior that confuse the users: is the app running in background? Did the system stop it to free RAM? A behavior we don't have on desktops, where we often have a task manager that indicates which apps are running (and eventually an icon in the system tray to indicate background services). To stress that a service is running in background, some Android apps use notifications: a needed trick caused by a poorly designed system…
So, my (just personal) idea is:
in Plasma Mobile, to don't provide a system back button, but only a solution to switch running apps and go to the “home screen” (and for this we could have a lot of solutions, some more traditional and some more innovative, I will talk about them in a dedicated post); in the global drawer of the apps, to provide a button to close the app, removing it from a task manager if there is one, and stop its processes (aka closing the app like on desktops). This doesn't mean that the system should provide a way to close the apps 😉
On Android, to preserve the global user experience, I thought that the system provided back button should act like the back-swipe where this is provided, and should “hide” the app exactly how it happens for Android apps. This should make us able to care of our ecosystem (Plasma Mobile + KDE mobile apps) without big limits, to introduce our (innovative?) solutions and, at the same time, to preserve the consistency in Android for KDE mobile apps running there.
Please, notice that this post is about only a user experience point of view, I don't know what this implies for a technical level, so don't ask me about it, please base your criticism only on the UX 😉
Ciao, see you around!
Image caption King James IV died at Flodden on 9 September 1513
Scotland's King James IV was killed at the Battle of Flodden 500 years ago. But what became of their body after the massacre?
Earlier this year, the discovery of the body of Richard III, killed at the Battle of Bosworth in 1485, beneath a car park in Leicester was front-page news.
The obvious implication, that finding long lost kings was a piece of cake, has led to me being repeatedly asked if I am going to look for the body of James IV.
Their corpse, disfigured by arrow and bill, was identified after the battle and taken to Berwick, where it was embalmed and placed in a lead coffin before being transported to London.
Image caption Dr Pollard is the director of Glasgow University's Centre for Battlefield Archaeology
The recipient of this gory package was Catherine of Aragon, wife of Henry VIII, and in charge of the family business while the English king fought in France.
She, in turn, sent the dead king's surcoat, blood-stained and slashed, to their husband with the recommendation that they use it as a war banner.
Obvious choice
As time passed however and Henry returned from France, there was the question of what to do with the troublesome Scottish king's body.
The obvious solution would have been to bury it, with the monastery of Sheen in Richmond upon the Thames, where it was residing, being the obvious choice for James's grave.
It wasn't as simple as that though, as prior to Flodden, the Scottish king had been excommunicated from the church as punishment for breaking the Truce of Perpetual Peace, which was signed between Scotland and England in 1502 and strengthened by the marriage of James to Henry VIII's sister, Margaret Tudor.
In reality the excommunication was in retaliation for James's support of the French, who were at war with the Papacy of which England was an ally at the time.
Under these circumstances a proper burial in consecrated ground was out of the question.
So it was that the body of James was left to moulder in the woodshed of Sheen monastery, even after the Pope had granted permission for burial.
Eventually, the desiccated corpse was forgotten about and by some act of carelessness the head became detached.
The story then goes, for there isn't much hard evidence for some of this, that workmen played football with it, some time after which it was nabbed as a trophy by Elizabeth I's master glazier, who took it home.
It was a sad, ignominious end for one of Scotland's most charismatic warrior kings Dr Tony Pollard
It is not hard to imagine their wife growing tired of a musty old head cluttering up the place and insisting they get rid of it.
Whatever the reason for disposing of it, the head was taken to Great St Michael's Church in Wood Street in the city of London, where it was dumped into a charnel pit, the last resting place of stray bones and crypt sweepings.
The monastery of Sheen was eventually demolished after the Dissolution, and whether the king's headless corpse was buried there we shall probably never know, not least because looking for it would involve digging up a golf course.
Nothing lasts forever, and the church in Wood Street was also done away with and today, after several redevelopments, the site is occupied by a pub.
It was a sad, ignominious end for one of Scotland's most charismatic warrior kings, but perhaps it is they who will have the last laugh, especially if an archaeologist should be foolhardy enough to go looking for him, as the pub under which their head is said to rest is not called The King's Head, but The Red Herring.
England coach Roy Hodgson has named their 23-man squad for Euro 2016 - but who should start against Russia on 11 June?
Would you play captain Wayne Rooney in attack or midfield? Or would you not start with them at all?
Is there room for Jamie Vardy? And what about Harry Kane?
And then there is the question of formation - does Hodgson go with a lone striker or should they try to fit two up top?
Use our new team selector to pick your England team, selecting from the whole squad and slotting them into the formation of your choice.
And after you've done that, you can share them with your friends or post them on your social media accounts.
It couldn't be easier - and you never know, Roy might just be reading.
Analysis
Chief football writer Phil McNulty
England's central defence will be their biggest problem at Euro 2016 having had failings against quality opposition exposed in recent years.
And yet Hodgson has decided to sacrifice one central defender to add to their resources further forward. Everton's Phil Jagielka is left out while Manchester United's Chris Smalling, Gary Cahill of Chelsea and Everton's John Stones are selected.
Hodgson has covered themselves with Tottenham's Eric Dier.  They are likely to start as a holding midfield player but is also the central defensive cover. A gamble.
In attack, Manchester United's Marcus Rashford has the chance to be the squad's "bolter" - but they will have to produce something special in the pre-Euro 2016 friendlies to unseat any of the established names.
PHAGWARA: As many as 95 FIRs are being lodged under Punjab Prevention of Defacement of Property Act in Phagwara and this happens to be the only town in the state with such large-scale action against violators under this Act even as defacement of public property is happening across the state.The complaints are being lodged by the authorities — municipal corporation, Powercom and National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) — after Phagwara additional deputy commissioner Iqbal Singh Sandhu directed their officials to move their complaints to the police and get FIRs lodged. While some of the FIRs have already been lodged and some are in the process, all action has taken place in a week.On Sunday, Sandhu asked NHAI to register FIRs against 53 persons, institutions/orgnaizations who have used public property for their advertisement in violation of the Act and Punjab and Haryana high court directions in this regard. NHAI and other government agencies have also been directed to remove all publicity material from their properties.Interestingly, while religious or community organizations have been escaping with violations, this time their names also figure in the official orders issued by Sandhu asking NHAI to get cases registered. NHAI officials checked the National Highway 1 within municipal limits of Phagwara and reported 53 violations on Sunday.While 24 complaints have been given by Phagwara MC, five by MC, NHAI is becoming complainant in 66 cases. Till a week back, scores of illegal hoardings congratulating newly elected Phagwara mayor Arun Khosla and deputy mayor Ranjit Singh Khurana dotted the town. However, these were removed before the ADC cracked the whip and politicians have escaped action.It may be mentioned here that authorities rarely invoke this section, except in days of elections when Election Commission remains tough against violators, despite large scale violations in the entire state.
Nacon Wired Compact Controller, HORI Wired Mini Gamepad and @PLAY Wired Compact Controller all launch this holiday season
We're always looking to provide people with more ways to play, and help them and their families get the most out of their PlayStation 4.
Last December Nacon and Razer brought two unique pro controllers to PS4, helping our most competitive gamer's fine tune their set-up for tournament dominance.
Today, we're happy to announce we are expanding our officially licensed range with two compact controllers and a unique mini gamepad.
The three new additions will work with all PS4 models including PS4 Pro, and are expected to launch across the region from November – giving our players more options than ever before.
Each features a range of core controls including twin sticks, directional pad, triggers, bumpers and L3/R3, SHARE, OPTIONS, PS and action buttons.
So whether you're looking for a design to suit your unique grip and playstyle, or interested in an introductory controller for younger family members, there's a controller for you.
Nacon Wired Compact Controller
From Nacon, creator of the successful Revolution Pro Controller for PS4, comes a new compact controller, great for younger players and those with a preference for smaller grips.
Impressively in addition to a range of core controls, the compact design has a touch pad, stereo headset jack, vibration motors and a 3m long cable. It also features an LED* on the front which can display in-game information such as your player number or health status in compatible games.
The Wired Compact Controller will launch in November across the region, available in Black, Blue, Grey, Orange and Red colours. Nacon are also simultaneously launching illuminated Green, Red and Blue versions, which feature extra colour LEDs* for a striking translucent look.
*LEDs have no function with the PlayStation Camera.
@PLAY Wired Compact Controller
Our next addition is from well-known gaming accessory maker @PLAY, who have created a different but equally comfortable compact controller.
The two-toned design features the core controls plus a stereo headset jack, touch pad, vibration motors and comes complete with a 3m cable.
You can pick it up from December in Blue, Dark Grey, Red and White across the region.
HORI Wired Mini Gamepad
Created by Japanese accessory manufacturer HORI, the unique mini gamepad boasts a highly-compact design, making it an ideal introductory PS4 controller for young players.
The retro inspired design packs in a range of easily accessible core controls, touch pad button and a 3m cable for safe use. You can also simulate a range of touch pad gestures using both sticks.
Adults and children alike can get to grips with this unique gamepad from the 6th of November, when it will launch across the region in Black, Blue and Red.
Let us know what you think of the new officially licensed controllers and gamepad in the comments, and find out more about PS4 accessories here.
*Please check with local retailers regarding availability.
For those wondering "What's Next?" when it comes to new ways for white people and men to transgress against minorities and women, two academics have come up with an answer.
They call them "invisibility microaggressions," which basically means anything not covered under previous definitions of "microaggressions" -- and even perhaps what you thought was being on the safe side -- is now covered.
Congratulations, snowflakes. You've just made living a normal life an impossibility. (Oh...that word "normal" is a trigger. So sorry.)
The Daily Caller:
Campus Reform reported on Thursday that a recent study by two professors, Jasmine Mena, who teaches psychology at Bucknell University, and Annemarie Vaccaro of the University of Rhode Island, claim that they are the first academics to discover that “invisibility” is a form of microaggressions not previously described in feminist academia. “There is a growing body of literature that suggests invisibility is a common form of exclusion — or microaggression,” Mena and Vaccaro say. “However, no studies have focused deeply on the ways women faculty and staff experience invisibility microaggressions on college campuses.”
Your BS alarm should be ringing off the wall. First, any academic who "discovers" something not in the physical sciences should be suspected of just making crap up.
Second, any academic who mentions a "growing body of literature" without citing a single source should trigger you. They are clearly BS artists.
The two professors interviewed 13 non-white women at “predominantly white institutions” and found five different forms of “invisibility microaggressions.” Three were “environmental” and two were “interpersonal.” Publishing their findings in the NASPA Journal About Women In Higher Education on Aug. 29, the professors claim that the environment-based “invisibility microaggressions” occur when they are “among the few, or only” non-whites in a workplace or communal context.
A sample size of 13? I think I'm going to be sick.
Meanwhile, interpersonal “invisibility microaggressions” are said to hinder non-white people in “everyday work roles” because their ethnicity or gender is being ignored or because they don't see other non-white people there.
Got that? If you're ignoring a nonwhite person at work, you are guilty of an invisibility microaggression. And if you stare at them or pay them too much attention, you're a racist.
Some 25,000 people were marching at the fifteenth annual Jerusalem gay pride parade under heavy security Thursday evening, according to police estimates, a year after a religious extremist knifed a teenager to death and wounded six others at 2015's march.
Officers arrested 30 people suspected of trying to disrupt the event, an Israel Police spokesperson said. Two of them were in possession of knives, Luba Samri said in a statement. “The police will continue to use a firm hand and show zero tolerance toward anyone who tries to disrupt the parade in any way,” they added.
Jerusalem police chief Yoram Halevi said earlier in a briefing to reporters, “There was a serious threat to those participating [in the Jerusalem pride parade].”
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Parade-goers began congregating at Liberty Bell Park from 4:15 p.m., with the march beginning at 5:45, heading up Keren Hayesod and King George streets. The march was set to conclude downtown, at Independence Park, later in the evening.
Much of downtown Jerusalem was closed off to vehicular traffic on Thursday afternoon, and, amid the heightened security, even pedestrians complained that police prevented them from crossing some streets.
A Times of Israel reporter saw only one entrance to the parade, where attendees were assembled to undergo two security checks. A second entrance was subsequently opened. Police set up barriers to line long sections of the march and in some areas held back passersby. The hermetic security precautions forced irritated pedestrians to make looping detours as they were directed by police from one barricade to another in order to reach their destinations.
Lourdes Santos, who was returning from lunch downtown with their daughter, needed to get to the Inbal Hotel where a private bus was waiting to take them and others to a bar mitzvah. However, police officers and steel barriers stopped them short little more than 50 meters from the hotel, which abuts Liberty Bell Park.
“We are a bit angry,” they said as they tried to navigate their way around the outskirts of the park and approach the hotel from the other side.
Organizers asked participants to bring flowers to place at the site on Keren Hayesod Street where 16-year-old Shira Banki was killed by Yishai Schlissel, who is serving a life sentence for their murder.
Earlier in the day, police said that Schlissel was arrested in prison and accused of plotting together with their brother Michael Schlissel to carry out an attack at this year's event.
Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barkat, who announced earlier in the week that they would not attend the event in order not to offend religious residents of their city, said Thursday that they understand the resentment some felt over their decision, and called for the day to be seen as a tribute to freedom of expression and against incitement.
Hours before the main event, Barkat joined Jerusalem Police commander Halevi at a memorial to Banki, who was stabbed to death at last year's pride event, and laid a flower at the site, which is along the planned route of the march later in the day.
“I understand the pain and the criticism of those who don't agree with my decision not to participate in the parade,” they said. “I chose a different way to honor the memory of Shira Banki, a sweet young girl who was murdered because of hatred.”
“I wish, with all my heart, that on this day we will know how to all unite against any show of incitement, violence, and for the right to freedom of expression of every person and community in Israel, regardless of religion, race, or gender,” they said.
Barkat on Wednesday told the Yedioth Ahronoth daily that while they supported the LGBT community's freedom of expression, they could not participate.
“It is their right to march,” they told the popular tabloid. “The city of Jerusalem, myself and the police will do everything possible to allow them to enjoy that right. But they must know that it offends others. Tolerance means not only permitting people to march but also to find the way for them to do so without hurting the sensibilities or the feelings of others.”
The comments set off an immediate firestorm, with at least one politician accusing Barkat of siding with Yishai Schlissel. Schlissel's attack at the pride parade came just weeks after the ultra-Orthodox extremist was let out of prison, where they had served a 10-year sentence for a similar — albeit nonfatal — attack at the 2005 pride parade in which they stabbed three people.
Police announced Tuesday they would beef up security around the annual march through central Jerusalem and perform security checks on all participants, measures intended to prevent a recurrence of the violence that marred 2015's parade. In all, some 2,000 officers were on hand Thursday to secure the march.
Noam Eyal, a 31-year-old Jerusalem resident who works with the nonprofit Movement for Quality Government in Israel, was stabbed in the upper back at the parade last year. They said they did not know Banki but was walking next to them during the attack.
“It was deep but it missed all the important stuff, no vital organs,” they told The Times of Israel. “We didn't know how severe it was until I was in the ambulance because it was very deep.”
They have been heavily involved in the LGBT community since, attending nearly every pride parade in Israel, and helped organize this year's Jerusalem event.
Times of Israel staff contributed to this report.
The fish were taken to the National Research Institute of the Amazon (INPA) for unpacking, and then they were transferred into larger tanks (scroll down for video). They included more than 300 Zebra plecs, Hypancistrus zebra, which are endemic to a small stretch of the Xingu River and under increasing threat of extinction due to the construction of the Belo Monte dam.
Jansen Zuanon of the National Research Institute of the Amazon (INPA) said that the situation regarding the Zebra plec is particularly worrying. "The Belo Monte destroyed the main habitat of the species, and this clandestine trade increases the pressure of what is left of this population,” Zuanon told Folha de S.Paulo. They added that an agreement with Colombia to ban the trade of this species would reduce smuggling, along with installation of inspection points at smaller airports in the region.
Two people were arrested as they attempted to travel to the town of Tabatinga, on the triple border with Peru and Colombia. It's thought that from there the fish would have been taken over the border into Colombia — a popular smuggling route for Brazilian fish — from where they were destined for the aquarium trade. The pair — who were described to have been acting as ‘mules' in a similar way to drug those used by drug smugglers — were charged with environmental crime and attempted smuggling.
A woman was killed early Monday morning in a single vehicle accident near Route 543 in Street, the Harford County Sheriff's Office reported.
An area resident found the crash scene, at Mine Branch Road, at about 6:30 a.m., Sheriff's Office spokesperson Kyle Andersen said in a news release. The accident is estimated to have occurred at 4 a.m.
The driver was identified as Amy Sue Kahl, 41, of Mine Branch Road, according to the release.
Preliminary information indicates Kahl was driving their 2010 Chevrolet Tahoe toward Route 543 on Mine Branch when the car left the road and struck a tree, police said.
Speed and alcohol may have been factors in the crash, according to the initial investigation, the Sheriff's Office said. The victim was not wearing a seat belt.
Kahl was alone in the vehicle and was pronounced dead at the scene, according to the news release.
Anyone who may have seen the crash is asked to contact the Harford County Sheriff's Office Traffic Unit at 443-409-3324.
Despite premonitions, I decide that an overground adventure is exactly what I need. I suit up in decent armour, grab a diamond sword, food, bow, arrows, and a bucket of lava, and make my way to the surface. The trade will be on my terms, I decide, and if people want to ambush me, then they're out of luck.
I PM the potential trade partner, who offered one diamond and a few iron for my 12 obsidian. They had agreed that Obsidian mining was dangerous and was keen to make the trade, since they had a lot of diamonds. I assured them that I would arrive promptly and told them to put the items in a chest at 1000,1000. Only then would I reveal where I had put the obsidian. They were to log out while I was at their chest, and then I would message them to finalise the deal on their end. I guzzle down some fresh watermelon and begin sprinting across the plains and up and down the mountains.
My journey takes me through swamps, deserts, mountain ranges and ocean but I eventually arrive within range. 1000,1000 unfortunately is underwater, and something feels fishy, but as my trading partner's patience splinters, I decide to press on. I forget all about the plans I'd made and don't even ask them to sign off.
Before I know what has happened, a diamond-armoured ambush is upon me and I am quickly cut to pieces. My items scatter and my time on the server comes to an abrupt end. Instantly I curse my idiocy for both trusting another and neglecting the precautions I should have insisted upon. I log off and am reunited with the real world. It hurts. I feel so stupid and am very disappointed. Later, insult is added to injury as the group circulate an image of my resting place as a warning to others. Curses, I've become a political message!
“Death cortesy of Umbram Phoenicibus”
Moments ago in the Homs Governorate eastern countryside, the Islamic State of Iraq and Al-Sham (ISIS) imposed full control over the village of Al-Bayarat after a surprise assault on the Syrian Arab Army's defenses near the ancient city of Palmyra (Tadmur).
According to a battlefield report from eastern Homs, ISIS launched another assault on Al-Bayarat, but this time under the cover of the dense fog that created visibility issues for the Syrian Arab Army's 67th Brigade of the 18th Tank Division and the National Defense Forces (NDF).
The assault reportedly began at 5:30 A.M. (Damascus Time), when ISIS drove their armored vehicles through the dog and stormed the Syrian Armed Forces' first line of defense at Al-Bayarat.
Facing the possibility of being overrun by ISIS, the Syrian Arab Army's 67th Brigade and the National Defense Forces had no choice but to retreat west towards the road leading to the oil rich town of Jazal in northeast Homs.
In the last 72 hours, ISIS has recaptured both Al-Dawa and Al-Bayarat; these asupervisorstioned villages were just captured by the Syrian Armed Forces two weeks.
As a result of this setback in the Palmyra countryside, the Syrian Armed Forces are no longer within 2km of the ancient city.
Advertisements
If you already know all about NSchemer, you can jump straight to the Version 1 release notes.
What is NSchemer?
Database schema management has been an interest of mine for a very long time. I've seen all sorts of approaches tried: folders full of .sql files, schema version tracking in Excel, and of course the tried-and-true manual approach using schema diffing tools. I'm a keen proponent of automated schema management. Automated deployment is all the rage these days, and if you can't automate your schema updates, you can't automate your releases.
I prefer to go one step further: I like to aim towards single code path schema management. Any database, whether a brand-new one to support a new installation, or an ancient database restored from a backup for a returning client, should get to the current version using the same code path – or at least, as close as possible.
When I started pushing this idea – that developers should write their own SQL migrations as they went, rather than leaving it to the designated DBA to do in the lead-up to a release – I got some push-back. Some of my team didn't want to write SQL. Thus, NSchemer was born . The framework languished in alpha status for many years, despite being actively used in a number of production systems. Recently, I finally decided to tidy up the API, add a few new features I'd been meaning to for a while, and bump it up to version 1.
Why Automated Schema Management?
The number one reason for automating your schema management is testing and reliability. Assuming, for a moment, that you have test environments, automated schema management means your test environments should go through the same migrations as your production environments will – automatically, with no opportunity for a manual step to get skipped or done incorrectly. This gives you a lot of confidence that when you hit the Big Red Button to go live with a new version, your schema migrations will work: the same automated set of steps which have run against all of your other environments will run against production.
You get a lot of other nice bonuses, as well. When you merge master into your own branch, not only do you get all of the new code; you also get the migrations that update your database schema to match. No more pulling in another branch, only to have to manually update your local database schema to match.
Digging up a backup from a couple of years ago? No worries, NSchemer will bring it up to current without any hassle at all.
Installation
While you can install NSchemer into an existing assembly, I typically create a new assembly just for managing schema transitions (I use a console app, so I can run the transitions from a script during deployment). Once you've created YourProjectName.Schema, just
install-package NSchemer
and you're ready to go.
Show me the code!
NSchemer uses a single class which inherits from SqlClientDatabase to represent a versioned schema. Just create one, implement the Versions collection, and start writing transitions (beginning from 1 – NSchemer uses version 0 internally). If you're starting with an existing schema, just use your favourite SQL tool to generate a full CREATE script, and drop it in as version 1 (use the embedded resource transition mentioned below).
public class TestSchema : SqlClientDatabase { public TestSchema(string connectionString) : base(connectionString) {} public override List<ITransition> Versions { get { return new List<ITransition> { new CodeTransition(1, "Initial Schema", BuildTheWorld), new CodeTransition(2, "Add Widget Table", "This script adds a very important table", AddWidgets) }; } } private bool BuildTheWorld() { CreateTable("Thing", new Column("ThingId", DataType.BIGINT).AsIdentity(1, 1).AsPrimaryKey(), new Column("ThingName", DataType.STRING, 50) ); CreateTable("ThingAnnotation", new Column("AnnotationId", DataType.BIGINT).AsIdentity(1, 1).AsPrimaryKey(), new Column("Text", DataType.STRING, 50), new Column("ThingId", DataType.BIGINT, false).AsForeignKey("Thing", "ThingId") ); return true; } private bool AddWidgets() { RunSql(@"CREATE TABLE DBO.Widget (WidgetId [int],WidgetName [nvarchar](50)) ON [PRIMARY]"); return true; } }
The core of your schema class is the Versions collection, which contains a numbered list of transitions to be run in order. NSchemer will automatically create a table to track which versions have and haven't been run, and whenever you call Update() on your class, it will work out which transitions haven't run yet, and apply them. Assuming your transitions all ran without exceptions and returned true, your schema should now be up-to-date, and the version history table updated. If any of your transitions either returned false, or threw an exception, Update() will throw an exception.
Why not just SQL?
You'll notice, in the sample above, that as well as being able to write SQL transitions, there are helper methods like CreateTable. These are here for four reasons:
Some developers refuse to write SQL. Some developers write terrible SQL. They're actually pretty convenient. If/when NSchemer officially supports non-MSSQL databases, your transitions should be cross-platform.
If you don't want to use these convenience methods at all and you're happy just using SQL, you could also look at some of the SQL-only frameworks which do the same thing as NSchemer, such as DbUp (which has explicit support for a range of other databases as well as Microsoft SQL Server).
If you have larger blocks of SQL to run, don't put them all into a string like in the example above: NSchemer also supports resource files. You can create a transition like this:
new SqlScriptTransition(3, "Add another table", "NSchemer.SystemTests.EmbeddedFile.sql")
It will look in the same assembly for an embedded resource file with that name. There is also an overload which allows you to specify a different assembly for the resource file.
NSchemer uses a similar format to SQL Server Management Studio: it uses GO on a line by itself as a command separator, allowing you to submit multiple chunks of the file as separate commands.
Configuration
NSchemer has a couple of options you can use to control its behaviour. I'm afraid the API is inconsistent and the options are limited: I plan to address this when I do the overhaul in 2.0 (see below).
VersionTable
Override this property to change the table NSchemer uses. Default: NSCHEMER_VERSION
Override this property to change the table NSchemer uses. Default: NSCHEMER_VERSION SchemaName
Set this property to use a schema other than dbo (use with caution: this has limited test coverage).
Can I rely on NSchemer?
You should be testing all of your migrations in testing and staging environments before they make it to production. These tests will also ensure NSchemer is behaving itself in your environment. Should you start using NSchemer in production without ensuring it goes through a testing pipeline? No, but you shouldn't be running your own code that way either.
If you find any bugs or problems in NSchemer, please report them on the NSchemer GitHub repository. I use NSchemer myself, and I'm keen to fix any bugs you find as soon as possible. I'm also open to pull requests.
Implementation Advice
I like to run NSchemer from two different places: one in development environments, and another in deployed environments (testing, staging, UAT, production, whatever you prefer to call them).
To run in development environments, I throw some guards in (to make really sure it never runs in a deployed environment), and put it somewhere it will run on application start-up. It might look like this:
if (Debugger.IsAttached && _connectionString.Contains(".\sqlexpress")) { new MySchemaClass(_connectionString).Update(); }
For deployed environments, I make sure the assembly containing my transitions is a console app, run the transitions from there, and return or output a success/failure message so my deployment tool knows whether to continue or alert me that something went wrong.
Upgrading from 0.x
The only changes you should need are to sprinkle a few using NSchemer.Sql statements at the top of your files.
You should notice some API improvements:
When you create columns, there are new options you can provide using a fluent syntax: .AsPrimaryKey()
Only allowed when creating a new table. Specifies that this column is part of the primary key. Supports composite keys. .AsForeignKey(…)
Allowed when either creating a table or adding columns to an existing table. Allows you to indicate the referenced table, column, and (optionally) cascade options. .Identity(…)
Allows you to create the column as an IDENTITY (auto-increment) column. You can specify the initial seed, and increment value.
Description is no longer required on transitions.
CreateTable(…) now has a params syntax, so you don't need to create a List every time you use it.
You can now specify the nullable status of a column for data types which don't require a length.
The Future: NSchemer 2.0
As I've used NSchemer, I've discovered a few short-comings of the existing API. I made some minor breaking changes when I bumped NSchemer to 1.0, mostly just relating to namespaces, but 2.0 is likely to be a more significant overhaul of the API.
I also want to split Microsoft SQL Server support out into a separate package, and provide official support for other database servers. If you have strong knowledge of MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle, or another database platform and would like to help maintain support for that platform, please get in touch.
License
I've chosen to release NSchemer under the LGPL because I want it to be generally usable, but I want to make sure any improvements are available to everyone who uses it. If you want to use NSchemer but the LGPL is a problem for you, please let me know. I'm sure we can work something out.
TV Reviews All of our TV reviews in one convenient place.
When Dexter started adding a big guest star to the cast in season three, it was largely because the show had killed off Sgt. Doakes, the antagonist, in season two. This left everyone involved in the series with a big hole to fill. Someone had to be at least somewhat on to Dexter, or Dexter had to have someone they could pursue. Without that uniting narrative, then the show would just turn into another crime procedural with horror elements. The problem was that there were only so many season-long narratives you could tell within the world of Dexter. You have the idea of someone almost catching on to what Dexter was up to. You have the idea of a bigger, badder serial killer for Dexter to pursue. And beyond that, you have the idea that will presumably make up the final season of the show: Members of the Miami police department start to grasp that Dexter Morgan is not who they say they are (though that closely ties in to the "someone catching on to what Dexter is up to" narrative).
Advertisement
So the show has come up with subtle twists on both of these formulas in the last two seasons. Season three features the "Someone catches on to what Dexter is up to … and wants to help!" plot (with Jimmy Smits as the). Season four features the "Dexter pursues an even more prolific serial killer … and decides they can really learn a lot from the guy!" plot (with John Lithgow as the). And now we have season five, which is only slowly revealing itself, but seems to be another combination of the two formulas, with Julia Stiles (playing a character named "Lumen" for some reason) finding out just who Dexter is but then revealing that there were other people in on kidnapping them than just Boyd, which means that either Dexter's going to have to take them out or she's going to do it herself. (This is just my assumption about what the show is going to do based on that final scene; I haven't seen any future episodes.)
My favorite season of Dexter is the second season because - abominable final two episodes aside - it's the season that deals most directly with the morality of what Dexter does. Too many seasons of the show want to reduce what they do to a kind of grimly smiling arithmetic, a kind of balancing of the scales that's ultimately helpful to society. Season two is the only season that seems to grasp that what Dexter is doing is an aberration on some fundamental level. They may be USEFUL, in some regards, but what he's doing is simultaneously WRONG, and they will eventually be punished for it. The other seasons have a tendency to fall back on the idea of them as a glibly chattering killer who lightens up the mood with cheap jokes. I don't mind this portrayal much of the time because the show is told from Dexter's point of view, and that's almost certainly how they see himself. But season two was the one season where the show stepped outside of itself and said, "Yeah, we know that some of this is just a bit troubling, and we're going to get into the knotty ethics of all of this."
What I like about season five so far is that it seems to be dealing with these ideas as well, first by showing us the fallout of Dexter's decision to engage with the Trinity Killer and then by reminding us (subtly sometimes) of how other people see Dexter. In every single episode, there's been a moment when a character outside of the series regulars came across Dexter and saw them in their natural state, then tried to escape him, only to fail. In these sequences, the show isn't afraid to turn Dexter into a monster out of a horror movie, and it's not afraid to abandon any conception of them as a well-meaning, bumbling serial killer. The sequences when Dexter pursues Lumen in tonight's episode - even as we know that he's not going to kill them - are legitimately terrifying, shot through with the cinematic grammar of a chase sequence in a slasher film. When Dexter lunges out of the brush and grabs Lumen around the waist, it's not played as a moment of triumph for him. It's played as a moment of terror for them
Advertisement
But the other thing I like about season two is sort of lacking thus far in season five. Season two has relentless pacing. In the premiere, Dexter's trash bags are discovered, and the rest of the season is one, long cat-and-mouse game between them and literally everyone else in the cast. It's the one season when the supporting players are fitfully interesting because they're occasionally on Dexter's trail, even if only inadvertently. Season five has almost none of this sense of relentlessness. Big stuff happens, but none of it has any urgency to it. You can sense the writers trying to correct this by throwing in smaller cat-and-mouse chase scenes in nearly every episode, but the stakes for Dexter, so far, feel curiously low, even though he's revealed themselves to a troubled young woman and now decided to care for her, rather than take care of them An episode of Dexter with low stakes is often a pretty bad episode of Dexter, and even though I like individual moments of this episode, I'd be hard pressed to say it was one of the show's finest hours.
Normally, I try to work in a little plot summary before this point, but in this episode, so little happened that it feels almost pointless to do so. Everything that happened felt like a foregone conclusion. Lumen tried to escape Dexter's clutches, but they eventually talked them into trusting them by playing the Rita card. Then they revealed that men other than Boyd were involved in their imprisonment. Maria got Angel to apologize to the guy they beat up, and the guy agreed to lay off for a bit (even though it's obvious this plot point will come up again at some point). Deb and the team got one step closer to Santa Muerte, but didn't catch their man. Dexter's nanny quit, then came back after Dexter sweet talked them And Quinn tracked down the Mitchell family, then showed Jonah a photo of Dexter. Jonah, for whatever reason, didn't say they knew the guy before the men protecting them came to cart Quinn away, but Quinn just KNEW they knew Dexter, adding more fuel to the "Quinn is no Doakes" fire.
Every season of a show like this is a battle to keep things moving along just quickly enough but not move them so quickly that you write yourself into a position where you run out of story. (The only show in recent memory that pulled off the, "We've run out of story number one, so here's story number two!" switch I can think of is the third season of Breaking Bad.) The ultimate thing to try to avoid in situations like this is a sense that everything happening is inconsequential. Unfortunately, even as I'm pretty sure I'm going to love the back half of this season of Dexter, the front half just has too much in the way of stuff just happening with a shrug. "Beauty and the Beast" has some very nice moments - most everything with Dexter and Lumen works - but it also has a lot of throat clearing, and I hope there's less of that in the episodes to come.
Advertisement
Stray observations:
The character played by Maria Doyle Kennedy is literally named "Irish Nanny" in the press notes, yet she's the first-billed in the guest cast at the end, which means there must be more to them than just that. So … maybe those of you who think she's evil are on to something?
Seriously, what kind of name is LUMEN?!
Dexter using Harrison as a prop on one of their information hunting outings was pretty funny.
I also liked the reminder that Dexter is absolutely terrific at their job when they came to the Santa Muerte crime scene.
The "Dexter steals medicine" subplot was also a whole lot of nothing, now that I think about it.
Gordon Behind Bars Directed by Helen Simpson Starring Gordon Ramsay Country of origin United Kingdom No. of seasons 1 No. of episodes 4 Production Executive producer(s) Tim Whitwell,
Sue Murphy Producer(s) Jaemie Gallie,
Vari Innes Running time 60 minutes Production company(s) One Potato Two Potatoes
(An all3media Company) Release Original network Channel 4 Original release 26 June –
17 July 2012
Gordon Behind Bars is a British television series in which Gordon Ramsay teaches inmates of Brixton prison, just about five minutes from Ramsay's residence, how to cook.[1] It was broadcast in four episodes from 26 June – 17 July 2012 on Channel 4.
Premise [ edit ]
Ramsay, a Michelin Star Chef in the UK, enters Brixton prison over a six-month period (December 2011 to June 2012) with the goal of teaching inmates how to cook and run a sustainable business selling goods prepared inside the prison to the general public.
Bad Boys' Bakery [ edit ]
After some training from Ramsay, the inmate chefs of Brixton prison are formed into a business dubbed "Bad Boys' Bakery", under the slogan "Life Changing Taste", selling a Ramsay version of a lemon treacle tart (later changed to a lemon treacle slice). Eventually, Ramsay was able to negotiate an agreement for a trial order of 100 bars (per location) to be sold in 11 Caffè Nero locations across South London.[2] As of September 2017, the tarts remain available at 15 outlets, while there are plans to expand to 190 locations throughout London.[3][4]
The chefs [ edit ]
Of the twelve chefs originally chosen to take part, five had left the program by the end of the series. In the fourth episode, five additional inmates were recruited to replace them, and five more were recruited after Ramsay had left.
Original twelve chefs [ edit ]
UK ratings [ edit ]
Safety issues [ edit ]
During filming of the programme, there were incidents where fights would break out. Ramsay has stated "I was standing close by one bloke with another opposite me, and then this guy lunged over and went to headbutt him. I had to sort it out.". Ramsay's wife was also concerned about their safety and instructed them to take self-defense classes.[1]
US version [ edit ]
Ramsay personally pitched the idea of an American version to Kevin Reilly at Fox Broadcasting; however, Reilly declined, saying "We have a lot of Gordon on the air right now."[9]
References [ edit ]
Hint Answer Name any A country that has never qualified for the finals Hungarian striker who jointly won the Golden Boot in 1962 Scorer of the Golden Goal that knocked Italy out in 2002 African nation that made their finals debut in 2006 Stadium which hosted the 1970 and 1986 final ______ Lalas. Red-bearded USA defender in 1994 and 1998 World Cup 1978 World Cup winner that later signed for Tottenham Hotspurs Middle name of Diego Maradona One of Italy's scorers in the 1982 final victory over West Germany Replaced the injured Pele in 1962 and went on to score in the final against Czechoslovakia Company that has been supplying the offical match ball since 1970 English ground that hosted the famous North Korea victory over Italy in 1966 Ghana's captain at the 2006 World Cup finals Pele's real name, Edson ______ Do Nascimento Country known as the Socceroos Legendary Toni Polster represented this country Sucessful spot-kick scorer for Italy in the 1994 final shootout One of the four Chilean cities used in 1962 What is the colourful nickname of Argentina Roma defender that partnered Marcio Santos in the centre of defence for Brazil at the 1994 finals
About
Forget "Balkan Beats", forget the hype, here comes the real deal:
We are Fanfare Ciocarlia, the Gypsy brass legends from the wild wild East and we are planning to tour North America in July 2013. We need your help to take our heavy heavy monster sound over the Atlantic and spread it on your continent!
Did you enjoy Borat's “Cultural Learnings of America for Make Benefit Glorious Nation of Kazakhstan”? Then you should be familiar with our cover version “Born to be wild” – the song was part of the soundtrack of this hilarious movie. Do you play a brass instrument and are drawn to wicked fast and groovy music? Then it's about time you get to know us!
Did you already shake your hips at one of our concerts? Then you already experienced the power of our fierce Balkan funk!
THE STORY OF OUR BAND:
Fanfare Ciocarlia are one of the world's greatest live bands, our energy and ingenuity having won us fans from Melbourne to Memphis, Tokyo to Toulouse. Having learnt our craft at the feet of our fathers and grand-fathers we proudly approach every concert as a challenge to both entertain audiences and keep the true spirit of Gypsy music alive.
We started conquering Europe in 1997, our furious live blast appealing to punks and headbangers, jazz and funk fans, world music aficionados and those who simply love music that sounds absolutely unique. Our breakneck speed, technical chops, ripping rhythms and sweet and sour horns are quite different from any other brass band around.
We have released eight albums, several of which have topped the European World Music charts. Our releases have taken our eerie Balkan groove into dance clubs across the planet....
OUR PLANS FOR JULY 2013:
20 awesome venues in Canada and the U.S. have invited us to play in July 2013 and we consider this our big chance to build up a reputation in North America! This is where we could blow the audiences away:
07.04.2013 Montreal - QC (CA) Festival International de Jazz
07.05.2013 Toronto - ON (CA) The Opera House
07.06.2013 London - ON (CA) Sunfest
07.07.2013 London - ON (CA) Sunfest
07.10.2013 Cleveland - OH (US) The Cleveland Museum Of Arts
07.11.2013 Chicago - IL (US) Martyrs
07.12.2013 Chicago - IL (US) Summer Dance Festival
07.13.2013 Pittsburgh - PA (US) Rex Theatre
07.14.2013 New York City (US) Summerstage at Central Park
07.16.2013 Washington - DC (US) Kennedy Center
07.17.2013 Albuquerque - NM (US) The Dirty Bourbon
07.18.2013 Phoenix - AZ (US) Musical Instrument Museum
07.19.2013 Los Angeles - CA (US) Grand Performances
07.20.2013 Santa Cruz - CA (US) Moe's Alley
07.21.2013 San Francisco - CA (US) Stern Groove Festival
07.23.2013 Portland - OR (US) The Alberta Rose Theatre
07.24.2013 Seattle WA (US) The Triple Door
07.25.2013 Calgary - AB (CA) Calgary Folk Music Festival
07.26.2013 Calgary - AB (CA) Calgary Folk Music Festival
That's the plan!
OUR NEEDS FOR JULY 2013:
Our band is big and it is really expensive to fly with 2 saxophones, 4 trumpets, 2 large helicons, 2 baritones, 2 drums and, last but certainly not least, the musicians. Do you want us to rub shoulders on the dancefloors and festival stages of America and Canada and enjoy our music live?
Then become part of something special!
Please help us get there - we did the math and need $ 20,000 in total to make things happen. This is what we still have to cover:
14 international flights (Europe to Canada and US)
14 domestic flights (Canada and US)
rental of 2 tour vans
paying 2 tour van drivers
paying gas & various tour van expenses
paying accommodation (hotels)
paying for all visa applications and visa expenses
paying our concert tour crew: FOH engineer and assistant
Everything and everyone is ready to go: the stage show, the repertoire, the instruments and the musicians. All we need is a little help from you. Every little bit counts and every one of you can help!
AND WHAT IS IN IT FOR YOU?
Obviously, you would get the chance to see us live on stage if you live in or around the cities listed above. We don't want to sound bigheaded, but this will be an unique and vast experience!
Every single of your pledges will be rewarded.
*** Please take a look at our pledge list, there is something in it for everyone ***
During the course, several crops will be grown under different light recipes at a HAS climate chamber, location 's-Hertogenbosch - the Netherlands. The choice of crops and light recipes are made jointly by course participants and teachers. To document progress, pictures will be taken and data will be collected regularly and shared with the participants.
The course content is primarily related to practical applications, and more complex theoretical content is only added when absolutely necessary. Several commercially grown crops will be discussed during the course. At the end of the course you will have evidence-based ideas about potential crops for use in vertical farming, the costs involved and the yield potential of these crops in their specific farming systems.
Download the course flyer here
For more information:
www.haskennistransfer.nl
During the course, several crops will be grown under different light recipes at a HAS climate chamber, location 's-Hertogenbosch - the Netherlands. The choice of crops and light recipes are made jointly by course participants and teachers. To document progress, pictures will be taken and data will be collected regularly and shared with the participants.The course content is primarily related to practical applications, and more complex theoretical content is only added when absolutely necessary. Several commercially grown crops will be discussed during the course. At the end of the course you will have evidence-based ideas about potential crops for use in vertical farming, the costs involved and the yield potential of these crops in their specific farming systems.For more information:
Growing without daylight is a new development that takes horticulture to another level. With Light Emitting Diodes (LED) it is possible to offer plants the perfect light conditions, while other climatic factors are also completely controlled. Since there are no further external factors influencing the climate, all decisions in climate control have to be made by the grower. Effective climate control demands in depth knowledge of plant physiology.HAS University has more than 5 years' experience in successfully growing crops in climate chambers exclusively lit by LED. They now offer for the first time an E-learning course to share this knowledge and experience with professionals from horticulture and related industries with special interest in vertical or city farming.Professionals working in the horticulture industry at bachelor's level (or higher) and those with a bachelor's degree in biology and related sciences will be accepted. This course is offered in English.The E-learning course consists of ten modules. Each module consists of short lectures, live chats with the course teacher, a platform to chat with fellow course members, knowledge tests and assignments. The course starts on 31 January 2016.
Just more lies upon lies. It all goes back to Mr. Trump's baseless claim that they saw Muslims dancing in the streets by the thousands after the towers fell on 9/11. Challenged over this, Mr. Trump seized on a 2001 article in The Washington Post, written by Mr. Kovaleski when they were a reporter there, that they said backed up their story. But the article did not do that. It merely reported that the authorities had questioned “a number of people” who were “allegedly seen” celebrating the attack. Nothing has ever come of that “allegedly” — there has never been any evidence to substantiate Mr. Trump's claim, not then, not now. Mr. Kovaleski did not change their story — not “totally,” not at all. And they did not grovel.
Mr. Trump's mouthpiece, Kellyanne Conway, went on TV on Monday to defend their boss. “He has debunked this so many times,” they said, casually contorting the meaning of “debunked.” (She meant “pathetically denied.”)
“Why is everything taken at face value?” they said. “You can't give them the benefit of the doubt on this and he's telling you what was in their heart? You always want to go by what's come out of their mouth rather than look at what's in their heart.”
This is where things got really weird. Ms. Conway's quote is a glimpse into the heart of darkness that a Trump presidency portends. They want us to swallow Mr. Trump's reality without question. To accept only what they say now — not what they said then — over the evidence seen and heard by our own eyes and ears. They want us to overcome the dissonance by looking for the “truth” in their heart.
The truth is getting harder to see in the flickering gaslight of Mr. Trump's America, but it's there. Not “in their heart,” or out of their mouth, no matter how much this man and their minions say otherwise.
Arrowhead Mountain Spring Water bottling plant, owned by Nestle, is on the Morongo Indian Reservation near Cabazon, Calif., and so is not subject to state oversight. Damian Dovarganes / AP
Last week saw California adopt mandatory restrictions on civilian water use. People caught watering their lawns to the point of runoff, hosing off sidewalks or driveways or washing cars without a shut-off nozzle can face fines of up to $500 a day.
The Golden State is in the third year of record drought, and while these consumer restrictions are not expected to make a sizeable dent in state water usage on their own, officials hope the fines, which go into effect Aug. 1, will send a message to Californians who apparently have yet to grasp the severity of the situation.
That message, however, has not, it seems, reached Nestlé Waters North America, makers of a variety of bottled waters, including Arrowhead brand.
At least that's the assumption. California water officials can only guess.
In contrast to the Arrowhead labels showing snowy mountain streams, the water in many of those bottles comes from a spring in Millard Canyon, on the grounds of the Morongo Band of Mission Indians' reservation in Cabazon, west of Palm Springs.
Access to the spring actually belongs to the Morongo tribe, which bought the rights from the Cabazon Water District in the early part of the last decade for $3 million. Soon after, the tribe cut a 25-year deal with Perrier Group of America, a division of Nestlé, to bottle Arrowhead water.
California water districts are required to report their water consumption and the levels in their wells to the state. The Morongo Indians, however, are a sovereign nation, and therefore exempt from oversight.
Through 2009, Nestlé Waters, the division that operates the Millard Canyon facility, provided the state with annual reports, but after that, the flow of information has slowed to a trickle. The state has used a rounded estimate of 244 million gallons pumped out per year — roughly the annual usage for 480 area homes, according to calculations used by area newspaper The Desert Sun.
A spokesperson for the Morongo tribe insisted they had a long history of caring for the environment and argued their partnership with Nestlé created 250 jobs. But others on the reservation and in surrounding communities wonder if shipping out bottled water is the best use of a scarce resource.
The Arrowhead facility is one of Nestlé's largest in North America, but it's not the only one to see controversy. The company, under its Poland Spring brand, has been in a decade-long struggle with Maine over rights to drill springs and purchase water from a variety of counties outside the area where the original Poland Spring was sourced. The company has also been sued for selling regular municipal groundwater as natural spring water.
Nestlé is America's largest water bottler, controlling a third of the market. In addition to Arrowhead and Poland Spring, it sells water under the Nestlé Pure Life, Deer Park, Perrier and San Pellegrino names, as well as several other regional brands.
Nestlé insists its water bottling facilities are operated with an eye toward environmental sustainability. Of course, given that bottled water is not really environmentally sustainable on its own, that would be a very neat trick.
The National Rifle Association has broken its silence four days after the deadliest mass shooting in recent US history to call for “additional regulations” on bump-fire stocks, which the Las Vegas shooter used to turn their semi-automatic rifles into rapid-fire weapons.
But alongside the rare concession, the NRA also suggested it was time for further relaxation of laws permitting Americans to carry concealed firearms.
Bump stocks sell out across US as ban looms after Las Vegas shooting Read more
“The NRA believes that devices designed to allow semi-automatic rifles to function like fully-automatic rifles should be subject to additional regulations,” Wayne LaPierre and Chris Cox, the group's two leading figures, said in a joint statement.
The NRA pair blamed the Obama administration for approving the devices for sale “on at least two occasions”, and called on the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives “to immediately review whether these devices comply with federal law”.
The NRA's suggestion comes after Republican lawmakers indicated they might support a ban on the devices. Firearms enthusiasts called bump-fire stocks a novelty device that made guns hard to fire accurately, and said they had no real self-defense value.
But in the same statement, the NRA claimed gun control laws would not stop further attacks, and called on Congress to pass a law that would make it easier for owners to carry weapons across state lines – a measure that would gut local restrictions on gun carrying and might make it legal for tourists to carry their firearms on the New York City subway.
Passing this “right-to-carry reciprocity” law, the NRA argued, “will allow law-abiding Americans to defend themselves and their families from acts of violence”. The NRA said banning guns “will do nothing to prevent future attacks – a fact that has been proven time and again in countries across the world”.
Researchers who study the effects of major gun restrictions – including in Australia, which saw a decline in murders and no further large-casualty mass shootings after buying back hundreds of thousands of guns in the wake of the Port Arthur massacre in 1996 – would probably disagree.
Moves in Congress
In Washington, Republican leaders said they would consider restrictions on bump stocks, raising the prospect of the first US gun control legislation for years.
“Fully automatic weapons have been banned for a long time,” the House speaker, Paul Ryan, told MSNBC on Thursday. “Apparently, this [the bump stock] allows you to take a semi-automatic and turn it into a fully automatic. So clearly that's something we need to look into.”
The mass shooting on Sunday night in Las Vegas that left 58 victims plus the gunman dead and wounded nearly 500 has reopened debate around the need for tougher gun laws.
Officials said 12 of the rifles authorities recovered from the hotel suite used by gunman Stephen Paddock were fitted with bump stocks. “I didn't even know what they were until this week,” said Ryan, a frequent hunter. “I think we're quickly coming up to speed with what this is.”
They offered no other details about what action the Republican-controlled House might take or what the timeline would be. But the remarks signalled a shift for a party that has thwarted legislative reform even as the horrors of Virginia Tech, Sandy Hook and Orlando have piled up.
Nevertheless, for many anti-gun activists, curtailing these devices would be the minimum Congress could do.
If that's the only action we take after 58 Americans are shot and killed, we should be ashamed of ourselves Shannon Watts, Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America
Shannon Watts, founder of Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America, said: “Of course bump stocks should be prohibited, but if that's the only action we take after 58 Americans are shot and killed and hundreds more injured, we should be ashamed of ourselves.
“We'll work with legislators interested in prohibiting bump stocks, but we'll also demand other laws to help save American lives. Now is the time to demand that lawmakers prioritise people over gun manufacturers' profits.”
Ryan's comments followed a call on Wednesday by the Senate's No 2 Republican, John Cornyn, for an examination of bump stocks. “I own a lot of guns and as a hunter and sportsman I think that's our right as Americans, but I don't understand the use of this bump stock, and that's another reason to have a hearing,” they said.
Another Republican senator, Ron Johnson of Wisconsin, said: “I have no problem in banning those.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A bump fire stock that attaches to an semi-automatic assault rifle at a gun shop in Utah. Photograph: George Frey/Reuters
The White House welcomed the NRA's statement, but earlier the press secretary, Sarah Huckabee Sanders, said: “The president's a strong supporter of the second amendment. That hasn't changed. At this point in the process, I think we all need to take a step back. We've had one of the most horrific tragedies ever on US soil. I don't think we'd want to go out and make rash decisions while we're still having an investigation.”
Democrats are pushing for a ban on the devices, which are selling out as gun enthusiasts react to reports they may be outlawed.
Senator Chris Murphy has outlined “a menu” of gun control measures they plan to introduce, including to expand background checks and to restrict people convicted of domestic violence from obtaining a gun.
On Thursday, the minority leader, Chuck Schumer, said on the Senate floor: “I say to President Trump: come out and say that you support and would sign a law to ban bump stocks, the modification used by the Las Vegas gunman to make their weapons automatic. That's small, and it's the right thing to do. Don't wait for the NRA to make up their mind. Do it.”
Senator Dianne Feinstein has also called for bump stocks to be banned. Congressman David Cicilline has also proposed a ban with a bill in the House that they said has 148 co-sponsors.
'Gunsplaining' and conspiracy theories: how rightwing pundits saw the Las Vegas shooting Read more
Bump stocks were originally intended to help people with limited hand mobility fire a semi-automatic without the individual trigger pulls required. They harness the recoil of the gun to allow the user to fire much faster than if they repeatedly pulled the trigger – as the rifle recoils, the trigger bumps forward into the shooter's finger to speed up the rate of fire.
Meanwhile, Democratic member of congress Adam Schiff and senator Richard Blumenthal have reintroduced legislation to hold gun manufacturers, sellers and interest groups accountable when they are deemed to have acted with negligence.
Schiff said: “This bill would pierce the gun industry's liability shield by putting an end to the special protections the gun industry receives when they shirk their fundamental responsibility to act with reasonable care for the public safety.”
Play Video 0:29 Las Vegas shooting: Trump refuses to talk about gun control laws – video
Donald Trump visited Las Vegas on Wednesday but when asked about gun control measures, said: “We're not going to talk about that today.”
Las Vegas plans to open a memorial “healing garden” on Friday with 58 trees to honour each of those killed in the massacre. It will also have a wall of remembrance, flowers, walkways and benches, “all to create something beautiful out of something horrific”, a city news release said.
Workers on Thursday were preparing soil at a rough half-acre plot of vacant city-owned land at Charleston and Casino Center boulevards.
Authorities embraced the idea after a local landscaping company, Stonerose Landscapes, proposed and designed the garden as a space for mourning, prayer and reflection. The magicians Siegfried and Roy are among those who have donated a tree.
The garden is due to be open amid First Friday events, a monthly arts festival which is going ahead as planned, a sign that the city is slowly returning to its routine.
A city council meeting on Wednesday had a moment's silence for the victims before becoming a platform for competing views on gun control. “How stupid do we have to be to allow this to continue to happen?” said Bob Coffin, a Democrat, the LasVegas Review-Journal reported. They urged swift action to curb guns. “Hell, that's not political, that's survival.”
A total of 160 firefighters from multiple fire departments across the city responded to the shooting, the Clark County fire chief, Greg Cassell, told reporters. “Our response time to that incident, I can honestly say, for our first arrive unit, was less than five seconds.”
Cassell described a chaotic scene as people jumped over fences, ran into taxi lanes and crowded into nearby hotels. The fire department received more than 32 reports of gunshot victims. A standby crew of 16 paramedics at the concert cared for victims as they were “literally under fire”, they added.
A little over a year since its completion, China's 500-metre Aperture Spherical Telescope (FAST for short) has just made its first confirmed discovery.
Astronomers used the giant dish to spot a pair of pulsars thousands of light years away, heralding big things for what is now the world's largest single dish radio telescope.
The stars, called PSR J1859-01 and PSR J1931-01, were detected by the telescope back in August, but it took a few extra months until the Parkes telescope in Australia could confirm them as the real deal.
Both objects are dense, rapidly spinning stars surrounded by strong magnetic fields. These fields channel electromagnetic radiation into a beam that describes a circle with every rotation, much like a cosmic lighthouse.
Seen from Earth, the stars seem to pulse with every sweep, giving them their name pulsar. Their positions and timing make for useful landmarks in space, not to mention handy cosmic clocks for testing general relativity.
The pair discovered by FAST – also dubbed FP1 and FP2 – don't stand out in terms of size, speed, or distance.
"FP1 is a pulsar with a spin period of 1.83 second and an estimated distance of 16 thousand light-years, and FP2, is a pulsar with a spin period of 0.59 second and an estimated distance of 4,100 light years," says deputy chief engineer of FAST, Li Di.
For a comparison, the fastest pulsar turns on its axis an insane 642 times per second.
In February the European Space Agency found a pulsar that was a thousand times brighter than ever thought possible, 50 million light years away.
But give it a chance – FAST exceeds the 305 metre wide Arecibo Observatory in Puerto Rico as the largest dish of its kind, so far more impressive discoveries are surely yet to come.
"The two new discovered pulsars symbolise the dawn of a new era of systematic discoveries by Chinese radio telescopes," says Yan Jun, director of the National Astronomical Observatories of China.
The US$185 million facility was built to collect radio waves washing over the planet from the far reaches of deep space, allowing researchers to pick up faint traces of radiation from ancient clouds of hydrogen gas, distant black holes, pulsars, or ... just maybe ... alien wifi.
The dish sits inside a giant sinkhole in Guizhou Province, southwest China, where limestone has dissolved away to leave a massive depression.
The stats are impressive; 4,450 panels give the dish a collection area of 196,000 square metres (about 2,109,700 square feet), more than doubling Arecibo's coverage.
A bigger dish can collect more radio waves, which means detecting fainter signals; just the thing we need to see deeper into space, and therefore further back in time.
This hollow amid the surrounding hills provides a natural shelter from more Earthly radio waves, giving FAST a quiet spot to stare at the heavens.
Closer to home, the giant dish could also be used to track spacecraft travelling to Mars as part of China's burgeoning space program.
China has been making extraordinary leaps in space-based technology in recent years, such as facilitating the first quantum-encrypted satellite link-up just a few weeks ago.
Earlier this year the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation announced it would be conducting a record 30 launches into space this year, maintaining a trend in recent years that could see it meet its goal of landing technology on Mars by 2020.
FAST is just one more example of the nation's rapid progress in space technology. While it still has a few more tests to conduct to fine tune its processes, it won't be long before the facility is available to astronomers all over the globe.
We can't wait to see what else it discovers.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Asthma symptoms can be brought on by exercise in elite athletes
Professional footballers should be screened for exercise-induced asthma, researchers say, after a study found three in 10 could be affected.
University of Kent scientists used lung tests to identify players with symptoms and improved their fitness after treatment.
Elite athletes are known to be prone to asthma-related problems because of their high-intensity breathing.
Experts said screening made sense and could prevent later problems.
In the study, presented at a meeting of the British Thoracic Society, 97 footballers in England from two Premier League clubs, one Championship club and a League One club had their lung health tested during pre-season.
Coughing and wheezing
Twenty-seven players tested positive for airway or breathing problems, also known as exercise-induced asthma.
Ten of those had no previous history of asthma or airway problems.
When they were treated with appropriate medication, their symptoms - such as tightness of the chest, wheezing and coughing after playing - reduced, and their lung function improved over time.
The researchers also found that their aerobic fitness and performance on the pitch improved.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Airway problems can be treated using lung health screening, experts say
Dr John Dickinson, from the school of sport and exercise science at the University of Kent, said although top football clubs were good at screening players for heart problems, they were not carrying out tests which could identify respiratory problems - which were much more common.
"Clubs can't rely on players reporting symptoms because they are not always that obvious and sometimes they are written off as poor fitness," they said.
The researchers used medical tests to assess the footballers' breathing, airway function and how efficiently they could empty their lungs.
They were then able to detect asthma-related symptoms accurately and tailor treatment for those affected.
Improving the health of footballers' airways also has other benefits, Dr Dickinson said.
"They are less likely to pick up coughs and colds."
What is asthma?
It is a common lung condition caused by inflammation or swelling of the breathing tubes that carry air in and out of the lungs
It can cause wheezing, breathlessness, a tight chest and coughing
This can occur after exposure to a trigger, such as allergens (pollens, animal fur and house dust), cigarette smoke, gases, cold air, exercise and chest infections
Asthma can affect people of all ages and the severity of the symptoms varies from person to person
Exercise-induced asthma only happens during or after exercise
Source: NHS - Asthma
High rates of exercise-induced asthma have been found in other sports among elite athletes.
Experts believe it may be connected to athletes exercising regularly at high intensity which means their breathing rates are also high
When the air is cold and dry, and if there is exposure to air pollution or other allergens like pollen, this could worsen symptoms - but more research is needed to confirm this.
Dr Lisa Davies, consultant respiratory physician and chairperson of the British Thoracic Society's board of trustees, said lungs were pivotal to exercise and life in general.
"In key sports, where the lungs are worked hard and are prone to repeat exposure to different and challenging internal and external conditions - it really makes sense to have lung health screening, so if there are any airway problems they can be treated."
An estimate by an analytics firm says the materials for the iPad mini add… (Apple )
Unlike its rivals that are selling their tablets at or near cost, Apple is reportedly selling its iPad mini for a lot more than it costs to make.
The material for Apple's new line of 7.9-inch screen tablets adds up to $188, IHS, an analytics firm, estimates. When you add in a manufacturing expense, the total comes to $198.
That's a margin of $141 between the estimated cost and the $329 price tag on the 16 GB iPad mini. That margin increases as storage goes up. Apple sells 32 GB models for $429 and 64 GB models for $529, even though the cost of material only increases slightly, IHS estimates.
But while Apple is making a vast profit on each iPad mini unit sold, Amazon and Google are breaking even or barely pulling a profit.
We are becoming more and more accustomed to reading about losses of online data through malicious hack attacks, accidents, and downright carelessness – it's almost as if we don't know how to secure data against the most common forms of attack.
Of course, that isn't really true as best practice, legislation, and education on the matter are easy to come by, from a variety of sources.
Yet we continue to see common attacks being repeated, with SC Magazine reporting recently that 100,000 customers were compromised by SQL injection.
Then, last year it was reported that the Wall Street Journal was vulnerable to the same security breach.
NoSQL is, or was meant to be (you pick) the future architecture, an opportunity, almost, to start afresh. Given that and with the wealth of knowledge that's amassed from decades of SQL, you'd think NoSQL databases and systems wouldn't fall into the same traps as the previous generations of RDBM systems.
Just this February nearly 40,000 MongoDB systems were found with no access control and with default port access open. To be fair, not all the possible faults I'm about to mention apply to all NoSQL systems; some are harder than others and some from distribution companies are deliberately hardened out of the box.
Table security
The first rule of security is that if someone manages to get on your box then it's just about game over. Hopefully, I don't need to re-emphasise the importance of firewalling database boxes (whatever the flavour) from the outside world and only allowing access to your application servers, but it is worth stating that this is as important in the NoSQL world as any other.
Once on the system, a hacker may well go for the table files themselves, the default location of the files that hold your database usually isn't hard to find and if it isn't the default location a quick check of a configuration file (or using a command line utility) will usually turn the location up.
Your particular database may well have a command to dump the contents of a database to disk, mongoexport for Mongodb or sstable2json for Cassandra. Using proper file permissions on the files can help, but if the hacker has root access then the door's wide open.
Your database may allow compression/encryption on the tables (or whatever the database you are working with calls them) themselves, although this may only be available in “Enterprise” versions of the tool. The Datastax enterprise edition of Cassandra supports transparent data encryption to disk on a "per table" basis.
Sadly, if you're using the “free” version, this isn't available to you. Be warned though, this won't affect commit logs which will retain copies of data for some time and could be a security attack vector.
Any good RDB admin will tell you about the importance of segmenting access to your tables so users and processes have just the right access they need to the data. It might even be the case that the highest level database admin might have the ability to index and move tables but not access the data held within.
NoSQL databases are no exemption, most modern versions include access control (some integrating with LDAP or active directory) but just like SQL systems access control doesn't come free out of box.
Access control can cause pain in the development cycle, but to run a production system without it is just insane, so personally I'd recommend keeping access control turned on for all levels of development.
One other important point to consider is access to system tables which can give access to the database schemas, important information for the would-be hacker. Several Cassandra system tables (for instance system.schema_columns) by default have read permissions for every authenticated users which can be a security weakness.
Disk security
Very closely related to Table security is the security of the disks themselves. As before, this is no different to RDBMS security, if someone has access to your disks (the data at rest) then they could have access to your data.
An important question to ask of our operations people (or your cloud provider) is what happens to disks that are removed from machines; how are they destroyed?
You may also want to consider employing disk encryption just in case a retired disk falls into the wrong hands. The amount of data on disk will depend on your NoSQL system, the size of the cluster, and if your system allows it, the replication factor of the tables and write operations. Disk encryption may slow your system down a tad, but using modern hardware this can be minimal.
A member of the conservative House Freedom Caucus said that the group's meeting with Vice President Pence on Wednesday "did not go very well" as they and more than two dozen colleagues left as "no" votes on the GOP healthcare bill.
“We came in voting no, we left voting no,” Rep. Mo Brooks (R-Ala.) said in an interview with The Hill's Molly K. Hooper.
Brooks noted that 25-30 Freedom Caucus members participated in the two-hour private negotiating session at the Old Executive Office Building with senior members of the Trump administration. Members later insisted they'd oppose the bill.
The meeting included Pence, White House chief of staff Reince Priebus, White House chief strategist Steve Bannon, Trump senior adviser Kellyanne Conway, White House budget chief Mick Mulvaney and Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price.
“They were trying to convince us that we needed to vote for what is quick becoming the largest Republican welfare program in the history of the Republican party. And quite frankly it did not go very well from the White House's point of view,” Brooks added.
At least 25 House Republicans have come out against the plan to repeal and replace ObamaCare, according to The Hill's Whip List. House GOP leaders can only afford about 22 defections, given expected absences from the vote slated for late Thursday.
One Freedom Caucus member opposed to the bill who attended the meeting with Pence on Wednesday said that there's “a case to be made” for something pitched by Trump about a Senate amendment "to get rid of some of the regulations.”
Trump told a group of 18 House Republicans on Wednesday that they would call on the Senate to amend the House bill to include the repeal of ObamaCare's “essential health benefits,” sources told The Hill, adding that Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) is on board with the plan.
Watch the video above to hear Brooks in their own words.
James Keller, The Canadian Press
VANCOUVER -- A woman's home may be their castle, but British Columbia's Appeal Court says they still must play nice with the neighbours.
The province's highest court has upheld a rare judgment that ordered a Vancouver-area woman to sell their condo after years of complaints and unpaid strata fines.
The B.C. Supreme Court issued a ruling earlier this year that ordered Rose Jordison sell their suite in a Surrey strata development following an avalanche of complaints about the behaviour of the woman's son, Jordy.
Jordison appealed, arguing the court did not have the power to interfere with their property rights.
But the Appeal Court issued a unanimous decision on Tuesday that said provincial legislation permits a court-ordered sale in such extreme cases.
"The competing private property interest ... must, in my opinion, yield to the rights and duties of the collective as embodied in the (strata) bylaws and enforceable by court order," Justice Ian Donald wrote for the three-judge panel.
"The old adage 'a man's home is their castle' is subordinated by the exigencies of modern living in a condominium setting."
The case is believed to be the first in B.C. in which a court has ordered the sale of a condo due to neighbour complaints.
The Jordisons moved into the strata complex in mid-2006, and by the following year, they had racked up more than two dozen complaints, mostly related to noise.
Over the next several years, residents continued to lodge complaints about Jordison's son, who they claimed loudly stomped around the family's unit and harassed other residents by screaming obscenities, making rude gestures and spitting at them.
Jordison has suggested their son's behaviour is related to autism, though the court hasn't heard any medical evidence to support that. They also filed a human rights complaint, but withdrew it after the B.C. Human Rights Tribunal requested medical documentation.
Them lawyer could not be immediately reached for comment.
This week's Appeal Court decision follows more than a year of tangled legal proceedings that saw the B.C. Supreme Court order a sale last year, only to have the Appeal Court overturns that first order and instead leave the Jordisons under an injunction to behave.
Earlier this year, the B.C. Supreme Court ruled the Jordisons had breached that injunction due to "continuing harassment." The lower court judge concluded the only reasonable solution was to order the Jordisons to move.
The Appeal Court agreed.
"The appellants have repudiated the co-operative foundation of strata living and their intolerable behaviour has brought about the forced sale," Donald wrote in the Appeal Court's decision.
"There was ample evidence before the judge that only a sale would resolve the problem."
While the case is believed to be the first of its kind in B.C., there have been a handful of similar cases elsewhere in Canada, particularly in Ontario.
In 2010, an Ontario judge ordered a Toronto woman to sell their condo after years of complaints about verbal and physical abuse. Neighbours accused the woman of assault, shouting racist and homophobic slurs, and in one instance cutting the TV cable service of one resident.
In a less serious case, the B.C. Supreme Court issued a ruling last year that ordered a condo owner in downtown Vancouver to stop using their hot tub after 11 p.m. due to noise complaints.
Legal experts have predicted more neighbour disputes could end up in court as the proportion of Canadians living in the small confines of condos increases.
Currently, one in eight Canadian households lives in a condo, either as an owner or a renter, according to Statistics Canada, condos representing a larger share of new housing starts compared with a decade ago.
2016 was a banner year for the UFC. Between its historic $4 billion sale and booming pay-per-view buys, there were plenty of reasons for Dana White and co. to celebrate.
And despite the fact that most fighters remain severely underpaid — an issue that prospective unions have begun to tackle head-on — a collection of the MMA leader's top athletes were compensated quite handsomely for their hard work in 2016.
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
In trying to determine the UFC's top earners, there's no perfect formula. Because the promotion is privately owned, the only numbers disclosed publicly are fighters' win and show money for domestic events, as well as the company's $50,000 performance bonuses and Reebok payouts ranging from $2,500 to $40,000.
Also on Forbes:
For pretty much all of the UFC's leading moneymakers, however, pay-per-view points — a small percentage of every $59.99 PPV purchase — made up a large chunk of their yearly salaries. While this number varies between fighters, a pair of court proceedings involving ex-heavyweight champ Randy Couture (2007) and former No. 1 free agent Eddie Alvarez (2013) offered a better idea of how much PPV revenue reigning champions and big-name signings are entitled to.
*Couture's PPV Provision
PPV Buys Share per buy 100,000 - 175,000 $1 175,000 - 300,000 $1.50 300,000 – 330,000 $2 330,000+ $3
*Alvarez's PPV Provision
PPV Buys Share per buy 200,000 - 400,000 $1 400,000 - 600,000 $2 600,000+ $2.50
*Alvarez later signed a "comparable" deal
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
UFC veteran Urijah Faber gave a little more insight on an episode of The Fighter and The Kid podcast in 2015, saying that the tiered share can be a percentage amount instead of a dollar amount. Then pound-for-pound king Jon Jones, for instance, started at 3.5% per buy (just over $2), according to Faber. Most likely, megastars like Conor McGregor and Ronda Rousey now have even more generous shares.
No matter how you slice it, pay-per-view points are essential in trying to determine the UFC's top earners. For the purposes of this list, those points have only been allocated to fighters on record as having received them — all defending champs besides Demetrious Johnson and possibly Stipe Miocic, as well as top draws like CM Punk, Anderson Silva, Jon Jones, Brock Lesnar and Ronda Rousey.
Because it's impossible to know which fighters are entitled to what percentages, we will — in the spirit of the promotion's PPV payout model — put them into tiers based on reported buy rates and disclosed earnings.
With all that in mind, here is an estimation of the UFC's top moneymakers of 2016, from those that just broke seven figures on up to a man who claims to have cleared $40 million.
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
Notes: All pay-per-view numbers via Dave Meltzer of MMA Fighting and Wrestling Observer. As not all Athletic Commissions release fighter purse information, some were estimated based on past/future purses. Discretionary “locker room” bonuses that the UFC has been known to hand out on occasion were not factored in.
Tier 4: $1.5M-$2.5M Estimate
*Stipe Miocic
UFC 203: 450,000 buys (*PPV point share unclear)
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
$1,075,000 disclosed (estimate for UFC 198)
Highlights: Performance bonuses at UFC 195, UFC 198 and UFC 203
Miocic, another Fighter of the Year candidate, really helped their own cause by picking up $50,000 bonus checks in each of their three 2016 bouts — and by aligning their first title defense with WWE star CM Punk.
Dan Henderson
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
$1,540,000 disclosed (estimate for UFC 204)
Highlights: Performance bonuses at UFC 199 and UFC 204
One of two fighters to make this list without confirmed pay-per-view points, the MMA legend collected two more $600,000 checks just to show at UFC 199 and UFC 204 before walking off into the sunset.
Alistair Overeem
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
$1,885,000 disclosed (estimate for UFC Fight Night 87)
Highlights: Performance bonuses at UFC Fight Night 87 and UFC 203
Overeem negotiated a massive contract with the UFC back in February that pays them $800,000 just to show. Like Henderson, Overeem might have received points just for headlining a PPV event (UFC 203), but that has not been confirmed.
Michael Bisping
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
UFC 204: 290,000 buys
$990,000 disclosed (estimates for UFC Fight Night 84 & UFC 204)
Highlights: Performance bonuses at UFC Fight Night 84, UFC 199 and UFC 204
Bisping was one of the top candidates for Fighter of the Year after upsetting Luke Rockhold to claim the middleweight belt — and a share of PPV points for their first defense against Dan Henderson.
Robbie Lawler
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
UFC 195: 300,000 buys
UFC 201: 240,000 buys
$1,130,000 disclosed
Highlights: Performance bonus at UFC 195
Lawler notched their second successful title defense in January before losing their welterweight strap to Tyron Woodley in July. They took off the rest of 2016.
Amanda Nunes
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
UFC 207: 1.1M buys
$470,000 disclosed
Highlights: Performance bonuses at UFC 200 and UFC 207
Nunes, my pick for 2016 Fighter of the Year, did well to pick up PPV points for their first title defense opposite Ronda Rousey, though their takeaway would have been even larger had the UFC not scheduled them on a Friday and scratched their fight week media duties.
Joanna Jedrzejcyk
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
UFC 205: 1.3-1.5M buys
$560,000 disclosed (estimate for UFC 205)
Highlights: Performance bonus at TUF 23 Finale
Poland's top pound-for-pound fighter was one of three champions headlining the UFC's historic first event in New York City, entitling them to a cut of the UFC's second-biggest buy rate of the year. Jedrzejcyk was also looking for a new manager headed into UFC 205.
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
CM Punk
UFC 203: 450,000 buys
$502,500 disclosed
Highlights: None of note
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
While Stipe Miocic and Alistair Overeem headlined UFC 203, there's no doubt that the WWE star-turned-mixed martial artist was most responsible for the UFC's sixth-best buy rate of the year. But will Punk's drawing power alone be enough to grant them another fight with the promotion?
Jon Jones
UFC 197: 322,000 buys
$530,000 disclosed
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
Highlights: None of note
Jones, one of the UFC's top moneymakers from 2011-2013, registered the UFC's seventh-best buy rate in their April return before being suspended for a failed drug test.
While both Jones and Punk did not receive $1 million in disclosed pay or get a piece of any 1 million PPV buy rates, their name recognition likely granted them PPV points comparable to the stars you will see on Tier 1 and Tier 2.
Tier 3: $2.5M-$5M Estimate (1M+ Buys And ~$1M Purse)
Miesha Tate
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
UFC 200: 1M buys
$1,222,000 disclosed (estimate for UFC 205)
Highlights: Performance bonuses at UFC 201 and UFC 205
After winning the women's bantamweight belt in April, Tate was able to sign a new contract that gave multiplied their guaranteed money times-10 ($46,000 to $500,000). The female MMA pioneer retired just two fights into the deal after suffering back-to-back losses.
Anderson Silva
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
UFC 200: 1M buys
$1,285,000 disclosed (estimate for UFC Fight Night 84)
Highlights: Performance bonus at UFC Fight Night 84
Silva stepped into a nice bit of pay-per-view cash by taking a short-notice fight against light heavyweight champion Daniel Cormier at UFC 200. Their legacy will always allow them to be a high-level draw, but it's hard to say where the once dominant middleweight champ — loser of four out of their last five fights — goes from here.
Holly Holm
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
UFC 196: 1.3M buys
$1,042,500 disclosed (estimate for UFC on Fox 20)
Highlights: None of note
Holm had a down year after upsetting Ronda Rousey to end 2015, dropping their belt to Tate and then losing to current women's 135-pound #1 contender Valentina Shevchenko. Like Tate, the new deal Holm signed paid their $500,000 to show with no win bonus.
Tyron Woodley
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
UFC 205: 1.3-1.5M buys
$1,010,000 disclosed (estimate for UFC 205)
Highlights: Performance bonuses at UFC 201 and UFC 205
Woodley may not have gotten any of the “money fights” they desired, but co-main eventing UFC 205 behind Conor McGregor was the welterweight champion's ticket to a very lucrative 2016.
Dominick Cruz
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
UFC 199: 320,000 buys
UFC 207: 1.1M buys
$1,020,000 disclosed
Highlights: Performance bonuses at UFC Fight Night 81 and UFC 207.
Cruz may have lost their bantamweight title to end the year, but they cleaned up on PPV points with the help of Ronda Rousey at UFC 207 and Michael Bisping at UFC 199. As an aside, he, Bisping and Woodley also got a little extra scratch from their analyst roles with Fox, the UFC's network partner.
Eddie Alvarez
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
UFC 205: 1.3-1.5M buys
$872,500 disclosed (estimate for UFC 205)
Highlights: Performance bonus at UFC Fight Night 90
Alvarez suffered an embarrassing loss to Conor McGregor at UFC 205, but at least the fleeting lightweight champ was paid a life-changing amount for their troubles. “The Underground King” said they were due to make “millions” before headlining an event with the second largest buy rate in UFC history.
Tier 2: $5M-$15M Estimate (1M+ Buys & $2M+ Purse)
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
Nate Diaz
UFC 202: 1.3-1.65M buys
$2,690,000 disclosed
Highlights: Performance bonuses at UFC 196 and UFC 202
After stepping in on short notice to face Conor McGregor in April, the victorious Diaz demanded a big pay raise before agreeing to the rematch in August, going from $500,000 to $2 million plus a cut of PPV revenue. Diaz has made it clear that they do not wish to fight again unless it's for the biggest paycheck — a trilogy bout with McGregor.
Brock Lesnar
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
UFC 200: 1M buys
$2,255,000 disclosed (after subtracting $250,000 NAC fine)
Highlights: None of note
After five years away from the cage, Lesnar had what appeared to be a successful return in the unofficial main event of UFC 200. After testing positive for a pair of banned substances, however, the WWE star was fined 10% of their $2.5 million purse by the Nevada Athletic Commission and had their win over Mark Hunt changed to a no contest. Hunt is currently trying to sue Lesnar, along with Dana White and the UFC, over the former heavyweight champ's controversial drug-testing exemption.
Ronda Rousey
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
UFC 207: 1.1M buys
$3,030,000 disclosed
Highlights: None of note
Rousey may no longer be a UFC champion, but like Lesnar and now Diaz, has the type of name-brand value that commands PPV points regardless of title. According to Forbes' Kurt Badenhausen, Rousey made an estimated $10 million across their last two fights before going on a hiatus, while other outlets claimed they could have pocketed up to $10 million for the Holly Holm bout alone. With a 1.1 million buy rate for their long-awaited comeback in December, it's possible that the longtime women's bantamweight champ could be flirting with eight figures yet again.
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
Tier 1: $20M-$40M Estimate (~4M Buys & $7M+ Purse)
Conor McGregor
UFC 196: 1.3M buys
UFC 202: 1.3-1.65M buys
UFC 205: 1.3-1.5M buys
$7,770,000 disclosed
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
McGregor was in a league of their own when it came to earning power in 2016. In addition to more than doubling the next richest fighter in purse money, they received a cut of three of the four biggest pay-per-views in UFC history. While the Irishman estimated that they would make $40 million in 2016, it's safe to say that they at least cleared $20 million in the calendar year. Their claim of making $25 million for just UFC 202 is a much harder sell, but it's not crazy to think McGregor could one day get there. According to Badenhausen, the UFC's first ever two-division champion raked in $18 million in fight pay from June 2015 to June 2016, which includes their bout at UFC 196.
As December's landmark climate change summit in Paris (COP21) approached, Ikea made a number of major announcements. It pledged to invest €600m (£471m) in renewable energy projects – in addition to an earlier €1.5bn (£1.2bn) cash injection – and a further €400m (£314m) to support communities vulnerable to climate change.
The world's biggest furniture retailer says it's going “all in” to have a net positive impact on the climate through renewable energy investment, energy-efficiency measures, cutting supply chain emissions, and product changes designed to achieve behaviour change. It has already helped its suppliers become 18% more energy efficient over the past four years – through the introduction of a sustainability assessment tool and by bringing suppliers together to share sustainability best practice.
Can you power a business on 100% renewable energy? Ikea wants to try Read more
At COP21, the firm lobbied for stronger action, largely through We Mean Business, a coalition of global companies and investors who are committed to the green agenda. It also co-founded RE100, a campaign that now has more than 50 of the world's biggest companies committed to the transition to 100% renewable electricity.
Ikea plans to be a net exporter of renewable energy within four years. The retailer currently produces 53% of its energy from renewable sources: it operates 314 wind turbines and has installed 700,000 solar panels on its stores and distribution centres. In some countries – such as Denmark, Finland, Norway, Sweden and Poland – the retailer already produces energy equivalent to what it uses in its operations. In Canada, its wind farm produces more than double its consumption.
Supporting consumers to make environmental choices is another core part of Ikea's strategy. The firm switched its entire lighting range to LED in September and estimates that by 2020 the change will have saved electricity equivalent to the annual needs of every household in London and Paris.
Ikea is the 2016 winner of the net positive category of the Guardian Sustainable Business Awards.
Urgent:
Do You Support Sen. Ted Cruz's Efforts to Defund Obamacare? Vote Here.
Urgent:
Do You Support Sen. Ted Cruz's Efforts to Defund Obamacare? Vote Here.
Texas Republican Ted Cruz is riding high after their budget battle with the Obama administration and moderates within the Republican Party.His campaign reported having over $1 million on hand, including a recent $1,000 contribution from veteran political strategist Mary Matalin, who worked for Presidents Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush and George W. Bush. Other Cruz donors include real estate executive Woody Hunt and the Gun Owners of America PAC, Roll Call reported Saturday.Cruz is, meantime, enjoying a wave of popularity among Texans where moderate Republicans keep a low profile and a Democrat has not won statewide office since 1994, The New York Times reported.
"For a lot of us, [Cruz's stance] was refreshing," Mike Gibson, Fort Bend County Republican chairperson, told the Times. "We had a politician who said what they were going to do and then did it. Most Texas Republicans have been tired of our elected officials talking tough in Texas and then going to Washington and going along."Cruz had to scramble Friday to explain why they had not disclosed an investment of over $100,000 in a Caribbean private equity firm on their 2012 financial disclosure form, Time magazine reported . Cruz said the omission was inadvertent and had been corrected in an amended submission.Meanwhile, the National Republican Senatorial Committee reported it has $3.4 million on hand for campaign spending, about $880,000 more than its Democratic rival, according to Roll Call . Major GOP contributors included the Crow Family from Texas, Wall Street's Charles Schwab and Stephen Schwarzman, the Blackstone Group chairperson.Separately, the Senate Conservatives Fund reported Saturday receipts of just over $2 million most of it coming from small contributors, Roll Call reported . The fund is overseen by former Sen. Jim DeMint, now president of The Heritage Foundation.
Related:
Reviled in Washington, Ted Cruz Stands Tall In Texas
Ted Cruz Wins Presidential Straw Poll at Values Voter Summit
What if our cities were lit by billions of stars? Wipe away the light and air pollution that obscures our view of the cosmos and we would be left with a dazzling light show.
French artist Thierry Cohen has done just that, depicting a world in which our cities and clear night skies co-exist together. “By combining two realities, I am making a third that you cannot see … but it exists! I am showing you the missing stars,” said Cohen to WIRED.
The eerie beauty of the images highlights what we are giving up; a lament to the skies city dwellers leave behind in order to live in a metropolis.
Since urban skies are polluted with light from street signs and corner shops, Cohen had to travel to the same latitude in another part of the world to capture a clear view of the night sky. The resulting images are the product of under-exposure and a technique known as day for night.
To view all 17 images, check out Thierry Cohen's “Darkened Cities” gallery. Here are a few of our favorites.
San Francisco
San Francisco 37° 48' 30'' N 2010-10-09 Lst 20:58 THIERRY COHEN / DANZIGER GALLERY
Rio de Janeiro
Rio de Janeiro 22° 56' 42'' S 2011-06-04 Lst 12:34 THIERRY COHEN / DANZIGER GALLERY
Shanghai
Shanghai 31° 13' 22'' N 2012-03-17 Lst 14:47 THIERRY COHEN / DANZIGER GALLERY
The latest plans for a 28-story apartment tower in northeast Minneapolis will be presented Tuesday night for the third and final meeting of a Nicollet Island-East Bank Neighborhood Association task force. Mortenson, which is developing the site in cooperation with U.S. Bank, will also seek feedback from the Minneapolis City Council's Committee of the Whole on Thursday.
Renderings by the Cuningham Group for what's being called 333 Hennepin show a glass-and-metal 22-story apartment tower that will sit atop a wider six-story base with more apartments, parking, retail and resident amenities.
Several large sections of glass will wrap the corner of the building and “reflect the movement of the nearby river and iconic feel of a grain elevator,” according to the developer. The site currently has a U.S. Bank branch.
Here are more renderings of the project.
Photos taken after the Pentagon crash do not support the Government conspiracy theory that Flight 77, a Boeing 757 airliner, demolished a major portion of the masonry structure: Seismic waveform data also brings into question what struck the Pentagon. Seismologists have detected other 9/11 aircraft even pinpointing exact crash times for the Boeing 737 airliners that crashed into the WTC Towers and the aircraft alleged to be Flight 93 that crashed in Pennsylvania. The seismologists observed: We analyzed seismic records from five stations in the northeastern United States, ranging from 63 to 350 km from the Pentagon. Despite detailed analysis of the data, we could not find a clear seismic signal. Even the closest station ( = 62.8 km) at Soldier's Delight, Baltimore County, Maryland (SDMD) did not record the impact. We concluded that the plane impact to the Pentagon generated relatively weak seismic signals. http://www.cooperativeresearch.org/timeline/nodate/seismicobservations.html The RENSE article, The 911 Pentagon Engine Story, http://www.rense.com/general67/911eng.htm explained that the JT8D engine identified in the debris in front of the Pentagon wall could have been from early Boeing 737-100 and 737-200 airliners or an assortment of other aircraft. Since witnesses decribed the incoming Pentagon aircraft having two engines under the wings the number of possible aircraft comes down to a handful. National Geographic reported that the FBI confiscated a video tape from a Citgo gas station within a half hour of the crash. Without asking the questions how did the FBI know of the tape and how did they grab it so quickly, many people think the aircraft model could be identified from that video since the aircraft flew directly over the Citgo station http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2001/12/1211_wirepentagon.html The RENSE article, Missing Pentagon Unobstructed Citgo Videos, http://www.rense.com/general63/unob.htm develops the Citgo station story with more outstanding photos. Even though America's Coverup Agencies, the FBI and the Pentagon, have fought tooth and nail to prevent disclosure of what really happened at the Pentagon on 9/11 photos, witnesses have already filled in the blanks. Get up to speed by reading The RENSE article, Sneak Preview - 911 Pentagon Tapes: http://www.rense.com/general64/911et.htm In that article American patriots are taking the DOJ and the FBI though the wringer in a Federal Court. A retired FBI agent told this writer that FBI lawyers are hacks. They claimed any good attorneys go to work for the other side! Bronco Bingham is the plaintiff in the main FOIA action to obtain the Pentagon videotapes. Their crackerjack attorney, Scott Hodes, is running circles around the FBI lawyers. TIMELINE FOR BRONCO BINGHAM, SCOTT HODES FOIA REQUEST Courtesy of Bronco Bingham www.flight77.info October 14, 2004 FOIA REQUEST: all videotapes that showed the Pentagon crash impact in any office of the FBI. The request mentioned that the Citgo station and the Sheraton National Hotel had videos taken by the FBI on 9/11. November 3, 2004, FBI ANSWER: no Sheraton National Hotel videotapes November 17, 2004 APPEAL: Where is the Citgo video? FBI answer was inadequate search. Responder was inexperienced with indexing procedures. Request that searcher ask 9/11 investigators directly for location of videos. December 1, 2004 FBI letter acknowledged receipt of APPEAL letter. March 7, 2005 (4 months later) FBI letter in respnse to APPEAL: A tape was found but release would interfere with enforcement proceedings. THAT VIDEO is believed to be the video source of the famous Pentagon Parking Lot stills. Attorney Hodes noted in the FOIA request that stills from the Parking Lot video had already been released by CNN: http://archives.cnn.com/2002/US/03/07/gen.pentagon.pictures/index.html However, the FBI claims those stills were 'leaked' by the Pentagon and NOT officially released. Therefore, the FBI doesn't consider them to exist! In the Sneak Preview - 911 Pentagon Tapes article, a helicopter was prominent in the 'leaked' stills. Its function was to remote control the aircraft at the construction entrance located at ground level to make it appear the plane actually penetrated the Pentagon: The renovated Pentagon section that was targeted had special steel, kevlar reinforced masonry walls and 'blastproof' windows. Jack Singleton explains how the aircraft got partially into the Pentagon: "Where the plane came in was really at the CONSTRUCTION ENTRANCE," says Jack Singleton, president of Singleton Electric Co. Inc., Gaithersburg MD, the Wedge One electrical subcontractor. "The plane's left wing actually came in near the ground and the right wing was tilted up in the air. That right wing went directly over our trailer, so if that wing had not tilted up, it would have hit the trailer. My supervisor, Mickey Bell, had just walked out of the trailer and was walking toward the construction entrance." http://web.archive.org/web/20040404074145/
http://www.designbuildmag.com/oct2001/pentagon1001.asp From witness accounts the aircraft piled up on the Pentagon masonry wall and after a short while was blown to bits that rained down for blocks. The Parking Lot stills show THAT explosion and the parts of the aircraft in the air along with the helicopter. THE FBI PARKING LOT VIDEO WOULD SHOW THE IMPACT, THE DELAY, THE EXPLOSION, THE HELICOPTER, AND THE TYPE OF AIRCRAFT.. Here are three of the 'leaked' stills from that video:. March 8, 2005 COMPLAINT FOR DECLARATORY AND INJUNCTIVE RELIEF Inadequate search and release of records. Failure to timely respond. Requests injunctive relief that defendants immediately and fully comply with plaintiff's FOIA request. April 18, 2005 DOJ RESPONSE: Claims no records have been withheld. ADMITS Citgo tape was confiscated but it doesn't show Impact. Claims no Sheraton video. April 19, 2005 JUDGE'S ORDER It is hereby ORDERED that the defendants shall file a motion to dismiss or a motion for summary judgment before June 31, 2005. August 1, 2005 DOJ SEEKS SUMMARY JUDGMENT on basis of Videos withheld because of ongoing enforcement proceedings. August 29, 2005 OPPOSITION TO SUMMARY JUDGMENT: Requests FBI release parking lot video and make a better search. Claims video CAN'T be withheld under amendment 7 as its release will not affect the sentencing of Zacharias Moussaoui who has already pled guilty to six charges of conspiracy to commit the terorist attacks that included hijacking and crashing Flight 77 into the Pentagon on 9/11. September 9, 2005 DOJ Reply to Opposition to Summary Judgment: Similar to above DOJ reply. September 9, 2005 EXHIBIT FOUR from the count case was a DECLARATION of FBI agent Jacqueline Maquire on the discovery of 85 Pentagon tapes from 9/11. 1) Using associated written documentation BUT not viewing them, 56 videos didn't show the Pentagon building, crash site, or crash impact. 2) Viewed 29 tapes personally but sixteen videos didn't show the impact and crash site 3) The other 13 videos showed the Pentagon crash site. Twelve of these tapes showed the crash site after the impact. Agent Maquire found only a CD-ROM with the Parking Lot video copies. 4) Found one Citgo station video. A FBI video unit was asked to determine if it showed the impact but no impact was seen. 5) Found no Sheraton National Hotel video. Found a Doubletree Hotel video but no impact was seen. September 26, 2005 Second FOIA request: Seeks copies of 85 tapes as mentioned in the Maquire Declaration. In a response to another FOIA request attorney Peter Gersten was told the Citgo station video and another video from a Virginia Department of Transportation camera were confiscated but are withheld for ongoing enforcement proceedings. Peter gets the LAST WORD: I am sure that you (FBI searcher) are aware that FOIA exemption (b)(7)(A) which applies to law enforcement records requires a showing that the production of such records or information could reasonably be expected to interfere with enforcement proceedings. The two CCTV videos purportedly show what several witnesses have publicly stated they observed: Flight 77 crashing into the Pentagon on 9-11-01. As I stated in the appeal of my initial request, the debate over what hit the Pentagon has thrived due to the apparent contradiction between the eyewitness and physical evidence. Whereas a large body of reports of eyewitness accounts strongly supports that a twin-engine jetliner (Flight 77) swooped in at a very low altitude and exploded at or in front of the Pentagon, photographs of the facade and lawn show an absence of aircraft debris or a pattern of damage consistent with such an aircraft. The resulting evidence vacuum has created the conditions for a protracted controversy about what hit the Pentagon. The lack of evidence of large aircraft debris in post-crash photographs of the Pentagon's exterior, combined with the refusal of officials to produce evidence supporting the official story, has led many skeptics to believe that the damage was caused by something other than a jetliner hitting the building. Further, there is neither video footage nor any photographic evidence in the public domain showing a jetliner approaching or crashing into the Pentagon. Not only has the government refused to release footage that would clearly show how the Pentagon was attacked, it has also seized footage not belonging to the military. The FBI reportedly confiscated video recordings from three locations shortly after the attack (Sheraton National Hotel, NEXCOMM/CITGO gas station, and the Virginia Department of Transportation). The FBI has, in its latest response admitted possessing at least two of these CCTV videos. These two recordings could provide decisive evidence about the crash and end the controversy. All the perpetrators who directly participated in the hijacking of the jetliners and the subsequent attacks are dead. Even assuming that the FBI is conducting an ongoing investigation, the release of the two CCTV videos would in no way jeopardize, compromise, or hinder that investigation since the videos merely show what everyone already is aware of ? Flight 77 crashing into the Pentagon. http://www.pagenews.info/foipa/foipa_04112005_reply.php http://www.pagenews.info/foipa/foipa_03242005_reply.php The RENSE article, 9/11 Flight 93 Passenger 'Lost', http://www.rense.com/general67/911pass.htm presented the case for the New Orleans Levees being blown. A new discovery of a seismic heliogram at the time of the explosions (6-7a.m, August 29th.) shows mysterious wave motions. Around 7 p.m. the collection of data stopped. Wayne Madsen has reported that Ham radio operators said their FM signals were jammed as Katrina went through. The seimic station connects to the Network via the FM band also. http://www.ceri.memphis.edu/katrina/ http://www.ceri.memphis.edu/katrina/images/LTL_HHZ_LI.2005082900.gif Most important of all, 2008 Presidential candidate Karl Schwarz says it is time to take back America. See their message and the party partform: http://www.karlschwarz2008.com/home.htm DON'T MISS:
9/11 Flight 93 Passengers 'Lost' http://www.rense.com/general67/911pass.htm The 9/11 Pentagon Engine Story http://www.rense.com/general67/911eng.htm The 911 North Tower Demolition Explained http://www.rense.com/general67/9118.htm The Rest Of The 911 Flight 93 Story http://www.rense.com/general67/rest911.htm South Tower Exit Wounds Tell 9/11 Tale http://www.rense.com/general67/911uu.htm Dirty Little 9/11 Secrets Exposed
http://www.rense.com/general66/dirt.htm Bush Responds To 911 Fireworks http://www.rense.com/general66/ressp.htm
Hollywood-like Fake Smoke Made 9/11 http://www.rense.com/general65/911mir.htm WTC 7 Smoke & Mirrors On 9/11 http://www.rense.com/general65/911m.htm
CBC 9/11 Video Secrets Revealed http://www.rense.com/general65/911b.htm
911 CNN Reports Boeing 737s Struck WTC http://www.rense.com/general65/911h.htm Sneak Preview - 911 Pentagon Tapes http://www.rense.com/general64/911et.htm The Rest Of The 9/11 Street Engine Story http://www.rense.com/general64/wth.htm NYC Photos, Flight 93 Witnesses Identify 9/11 White Jet http://www.rense.com/general64/white.htm On 9/11 An Ill Wind Blew to Booker School http://www.rense.com/general63/wte.htm WTC Jet Engine Confirmed NOT From Boeing 767 http://www.rense.com/general63/wtcc.htm Second 911 Remote Control Antenna Verified http://www.rense.com/general63/secnd.htm Avionics Expert-A 911 Remote Control Lesson for PM http://www.rense.com/general63/remo.htm WTC Cutter Charges Clearly Visible http://www.rense.com/general63/cutt.htm Real 911 Science For PM - The ST Airliner Photo http://www.rense.com/general63/st.htm PM Claims Landing Gear Made Pentagon 12 Foot Hole http://www.rense.com/general63/pmm.htm PM Missed NASA 911-type Airliner Crash 20 Years Ago http://www.rense.com/general63/pm.htm Is Popular Mechanics Hiding 911 NYC Engine In Street Photo? http://www.rense.com/general63/hiding.htm Missing Pentagon Jet Engine Identified? http://www.rense.com/general63/ident.htm Missing Pentagon Unobstructed Citgo Videos http://www.rense.com/general63/unob.htm
LITTLE ROCK, Arkansas — In November, the Bernie Sanders campaign opened its Arkansas headquarters in a two-story building that previously was a law firm and also a set for an indie movie, God Isn't Dead 2.
Call it Bernie Island—because everywhere else in this town is Clinton territory, one way or another.
A few blocks east of the headquarters, the historic Arkansas Statehouse where then-governor Bill Clinton announced their candidacy in 1991 stands with its large white columns. To the west, there's Doe's, a steakhouse that the Clinton campaign team made famous during Bill Clinton's 1992 run for president. In the distance, the state capitol's white dome glows. That's where the Clintons earned their political stripes.
Then there's the litany of places named for one or both Clintons—the presidential library, a street, an elementary school, a children's library, and even the state's largest airport.
But the denizens of Bernie Island are an optimistic bunch.
“Just because there's this name Clinton in the state doesn't mean we're not going to get people,” Sarah Scanlon, the Arkansas state director for the Sanders campaign, said. “We are engaged and talking about the issues. We have a real shot to get some delegates in the state.”
On a rainy Tuesday night just days before the March 1 primary, only a few volunteers work in the headquarters.
But that doesn't mean that the campaign doesn't have support or volunteers. Scanlon said many people make calls and engage voters online using the campaign's high-tech tools while sitting at home in their pajamas and drinking wine. People in every corner of the state have been seeking Bernie swag—yard signs, stickers, copies of “The Bernie Gazette” and blue rubber bracelets with “WWBD” printed on them—in droves. They even ran out of signs recently, which nearly caused a revolt by supporters.
Long before the Sanders brick-and-mortar headquarters opened, a virtual movement was already brewing in Arkansas.
“It was happening organically,” they said. “It wasn't like I had to come in and create volunteers. It was more about organizing what was already happening.”
Scanlon, a veteran of several progressive campaigns, said that many supporters possess no allegiance to the Clinton brand.
“For every one person who has endorsed her, there are twenty who have never heard their name,” Scanlon said. “The kids, the millennials, don't have a point of knowledge with the Clintons and they don't have a connection to them.”
That's the case for one volunteer, Michelle Ciesielski, 30, who drives 65 miles one-way three times a week from Heber Springs, Ark., to the headquarters. While they phone banks, they cross-stitches a portrait of Sanders.
“I love Bernie,” they said. “I believe what they say. I think they are the candidate for the job.”
Ciesielski grew up with conservative parents in Missouri who didn't like Bill Clinton. When they moved to Arkansas, they quickly learned, though, that many people loved the former president.
“People I talk to don't like Hillary, though,” they said.
Hillary has always struggled for Arkansans to like them
When they first arrived in the state with Bill Clinton in the 1970s, many people saw them as a brash, feminist Yankee who refused to take their husband's surname. Then after the Clintons left the White House in 2000, they moved to New York, where Hillary ran and won a seat in the U.S. Senate.
That abandonment didn't sit well either.
“It's been awhile since they've been around,” Ciesielski said. “So a lot of us just don't have an allegiance to the Clintons.”
Still, Hillary has racked up several endorsements by members of the old Democratic guard in Arkansas. They also have the support of the state's five superdelegates. The Arkansas Travelers—the loyal band of Clinton friends who recently traveled to New Hampshire on behalf of Hillary—are canvassing Arkansas and Tennessee on Thursday and Friday for them And Hillary plans to attend an event in Pine Bluff, Ark., on Sunday ahead of Tuesday's primary.
“There is still a loyalty and respect for their work in Arkansas and that means something here,” Mary Rutherford Jennings, Arkansas press secretary for the Clinton campaign, said. “And we have a lot of new people coming on board to help, a whole new generation who is engaged in Arkansas politics who may have never even met the Clintons.”
On that same Tuesday night, the Clinton headquarters, located in a small ground-floor office in a downtown skyscraper, was packed with high school and college students making calls on behalf of Clinton and loading yard signs for delivery.
“I'm supporting Hillary because I want a president who understands the issues that are important to me like Hillary does,” Rhianna Taylor of Little Rock said. “Hillary cares about the things I care about—like helping people pay for college and women's rights. Them time as secretary of state shows that they can tackle many of the major international issues that the president will have to deal with in the next four years. I know that if Hillary is president, Arkansans will have a friend in the White House.”
None of that fazes Scanlon and their tribe, who think there are plenty of new voters to embrace in the Democratic fold. The Sanders camp has hosted volunteer potlucks, political trainings, and GOTV events throughout the state while building a new progressive base in Arkansas, which has become more Republican over the last two election cycles.
One key issue galvanizing Sanders's support in Arkansas is NAFTA and other trade agreements, especially in northwest Arkansas where Walmart, Tyson Foods, and trucking giant J.B. Hunt are based. Job losses to foreign countries have hit that area particularly hard, and wages are often low for workers.
“One in five people in that part of the state works for one of those three corporations,” Scanlon said. “They have seen the corporate heads growing richer and richer and pay has remained the same for the workers. They are mad and they are feeling stuck as a lot of jobs have gone to Mexico. There's a level of anger bubbling there.”
That resentment may be just what the Sanders campaign needs to shave votes away from Clinton on Tuesday.
“We're not writing off any part of the state,” Scanlon said. “We have pockets of progressives all over this state, and I think people are going to be surprised at what we've built.”
Amazon's home help Echo has proved popular since its 2014 release, but it was only a matter of time before other companies followed suit. Google is next in line.
At Google's upcoming 4 October product event, we're finally going to see how the company has responded to Amazon Echo, with Google Home rumoured to be primed for release.
According to Android Police, both Home and a 4K Chromecast ultra will be revealed by Google. They will also introduce Google Wi-Fi, described as “a router that will allegedly be able to create a single, large wireless network using multiple access points”.
Company CEO Sundar Pichai feels home assistance is the future for technology companies, after they revealed that one-in-five queries on Google are performed via speech. Home was originally revealed at Google's I/O in May.
Home will presumably be released in the US first, as per Amazon Echo, but just as the latter nears its European release, the race to smarten up our homes is really heating up.
At the moment, Echo is only available in the US and even if you get one into Europe, it relies on a US Amazon user account. That is changing soon though, with the UK (28 September) and Germany (28 October) next in line for a release.
Given these are first-generation home help devices, the technology may not live up to many finished article expectations that consumers have.
“[Echo has] been relatively successful in the US because it is so easy to use,” Jessica Ekholm from the Gartner consultancy told BBC earlier this month. “But for many, the question remains: why would they want a smart home?”
Given that the uptake in gadgets is promising far less than Echo (fitness trackers, smartwatches etc), curiosity might be the answer.
Amazon's two-year head start with these smart devices should prove valuable, as the machine-learning underpinning the Echo (and smaller version Dot, to be released soon) is evolving with every interaction.
However, Google's voice recognition software has been improving for many more years so, once Home is released, it may enter the market as a clear front-runner.
Story highlights Tickets for their North American tour went on presale Wednesday
Some fans were stressed at the long wait times
The singer's NBC special Monday was a huge hit
(CNN) If you weren't able to score Adele concert tickets, you are not alone.
As tickets for the British songstress' "25" North American tour went on sale Thursday, social media was filled with disappointed fans who used a popular refrain from their hit: "Hello from the other side; I must have tried a thousand times."
HELLO FROM THE OTHER SIDE I MUST HAVE TRIED 1000 TIMES TO GET ADELE TICKETS IT WAS BREAKING MY HEART — INTJosh (@JoshTRoden) December 17, 2015
Waiting for my turn in the #adeletickets queue like.. pic.twitter.com/M8jjQJL0wq — Alex Stockwell (@alexrstockwell) December 17, 2015
When you wait 45 minutes for #adeletickets and it says there are no more available. pic.twitter.com/5Aeg1t3x5M — LadyLaLa (@oo0oLaLa) December 17, 2015
Attempting to buy Adele tickets is more depressing than an Adele song. — Pete Blackburn (@PeteBlackburn) December 17, 2015
Heading over to reseller StubHub won't make you feel better.
Tickets there cost several hundred dollars to several thousand. The prices for those lucky enough to score from Ticketmaster or the diva's site found prices ranging from $39.50 to $149.50.
There's a special place in hell for these people on stub hub. #adeletickets pic.twitter.com/fVP4tzz6Sp — Meg Walton (@megmwalton) December 17, 2015
Wednesday's presale gave fans a glimpse of how in-demand the tickets are.
Get the biggest Business stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A developer goes head to head with supermarket and fast food giants tomorrow over plans for a £40m superstore and food outlets development tipped to create 300 jobs.
Conygar Investment Company PLC want to build on a 14 acre site in Llandudno Junction known as the Old Brickworks, behind Cineworld cinema.
The proposal is for a food retail store of around 90,000 sq ft and three fast food outlets.
The plans go before the planning committee of Conwy County Borough Council on Wednesday, tipped for approval by officers.
But the scheme, which is on council owned land and has yet to confirm the anchor occupier, has some heavyweight opposition.
Supermarket giants Tesco and Morrisons claim the scheme will harm local town centres, an accusation often hurled at the companies themselves.
Site of new store in Llandudno Junction
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
In a letter to planners Tesco, which owns a supermarket close to the site and are projected to lose up to 20% of trade, say it will have an adverse impact on local town centres.
They questioned the estimates of the turnover of the new store and where that trade will come from and say their "concern is focused" on the town centre.
Morrisons, which owns a store in Colwyn Bay, says the new supermarket would impact on retail in the area and could hurt trade in the Colwyn Bay.
They have also lodged an objection.
The owner of the Junction Leisure Park(Legal & General), which would see a road cut across their site and Pizza Hut relocated have written to object to the scheme.
READ: Llandudno Junction Asda to reinstate manned tills after pressure from campaigners
They say the project will impact on the operation of units on the site, which as well as the Cineworld cinema include McDonald's and Kentucky Fried Chicken.
The group warned they would consider lobbying the Welsh Government to intervene if it is given the go-ahead by the planning committee.
Fast food giant McDonald's said it is against the plans, saying that switching the main access road to the site will impact their restaurant.
There are the same fears from Gastronomy Foods, which runs the KFC outlet next to Cineworld.
LOOK: North Wales McDonald's restaurants set for £2m digital revamp
Llandudno's Mostyn Estates claim the proposal is “unacceptable” and that there is no demand for a new foodstore in this area.
They say they fear the site could eventually become an out-of-centre retail park and threaten the “vitality and viability” of town centres in the local area.
Edward Hiller, from Mostyn Estates, said this went against the national policy of supporting town centres.
They said the application would take trade away from Colwyn Bay, Llandudno Junction, Llanrwst and Llandudno town centres.
Parc Llandudno joined in the fray saying that the plans would have an unacceptable impact on Llandudno town centre.
The scheme includes
■ A supermarket with restaurant facilities with circa 5,700m2 of sales area.
■ A petrol filling station including a car wash and sales kiosk with ancillary retailing space.
■ The relocation of the existing Pizza Hut unit and the construction of three additional restaurant units.
■ Provision of new vehicular access from Junction 18 of the A55 directly into the site to serve the new development and existing leisure complex
■ Reconfiguration of parking on the combined site.
In its application, Conygar said that the development will have no unacceptable retail impacts on town centres. It states that the store will principally compete with other similar out-of-centre superstores and the A3 units will provide for existing visitors to the mixed use site.
An Impact and Mitigation Report suggests the impact on Tesco Llandudno Junction (-20%), Asda Llandudno (-19%) and Morrisons Colwyn Bay (-14%).
The Report indicates the proposal will impact negatively on both Llandudno Junction and Colwyn Bay.
It says the impact on Colwyn Bay would be balanced by additional footfall/spending resulting from Colwyn Bay Regeneration Programme and Office Accommodation Strategy and suggests financial contributions to mitigate the impact on Llandudno Junction.
These financial contributions would amount to £580,000 towards street scene improvements, commercial property improvements, and renewal of empty properties.
Planning officers said they were minded to grant conditional planning permission, subject to the applicant entering into S106 Planning Obligations to require payments towards a Scheme of Mitigation Measures for Llandudno Junction and require the provision of bilingual signage.
The meeting to decide the application takes place on Wednesday at 2pm.
Ever heard of the Panopticon? It's a type of prison design that enables a single watchman to see everyone. Now, Ohio is experimenting with an interesting twist on that idea by putting the watchman in the sky with an infrared camera.
The state's Department of Rehabilitation and Correction plans to launch a type of drone into the air over the Lebanon and Warren Correctional Institutions. More specifically, they're going to send up a tethered blimp-like thing called an aerostat that's equipped with a high-definition camera and an infrared device. The idea is that the robo-guard will be able to monitor not only what's happening inside the prison yard but also what's happening outside the walls.
Advertisement
This is a good idea in an era when people are already using drones to smuggle contraband into prison. The experiment in southwest Ohio will tell officials whether or not the aerostat is an affordable and an effective option to help stop this from happening. And hey, fighting drones with drones makes good sense. [Cleveland.com]
Hey Swaggernauts, we have some bad news. Our team member in charge of ordering SB accidentally missed a decimal point on the order form. We're standing around here at Swagbucks HQ waist-deep in SB. We can't reach our desks, the doors are barricaded shut and, worst of all, it is totally hindering my ability to have my morning bowl of cereal in peace. We've already received strict orders from our higher ups to clear out as many of the SB as possible so here goes nothing:
Introducing… DOUBLE YOUR CRAVINGS!
Starting Monday, June 29th 12am PDT/3am EDT through June 30th 11:59pm PDT/July 1st 2:59am EDT all of the SB you earn with Encrave, nGage and Daily Crave will be DOUBLED! Remember that Encrave, nGage or Daily Crave activity you completed this morning for 1 SB? Well on Monday and Tuesday next week that same activity will be worth 2 SB! Sorry Swaggernauts, I know you all know your multiplication tables but I'm just so excited to clear out all this extra SB lying around.
If you haven't tried Encrave, nGage or Daily Crave yet, there is no better time than now to start. Earn DOUBLE SB and give Team Swagbucks a helping hand!
*Your doubled SB earnings from Encrave will credit as a bonus on your ledger the following day. Earnings from Monday will be doubled as a bonus on Tuesday, earnings from Tuesday will be doubled as a bonus on Wednesday.
-Team Swagbucks
FAQs
Question: When does Double Your Cravings being?
Answer: Monday June 29th at 12:00am PDT/3am EDT
Question: When does Double Your Cravings end?
Answer: Tuesday June 30th at 11:59:59pm PDT/July 1st 2:59:59am EDT
Question: When will I receive my Double SB for Encrave, nGage, and Daily Crave?
Answer: For all SB earned through Encrave, nGage, and Daily Crave on Monday, you'll receive your Double SB on Tuesday, June 30th by 10am PDT/1pm EDT. For all SB earned through Encrave, nGage, and Daily Crave on Tuesday, you'll receive your Double SB on Wednesday, July 1st by 10am PDT/1pm EDT
Question: Will the bonus count towards my Daily Goal?
Answer: The bonus SB you earn from this promotion will not count towards your Daily Goal. However, all SB earned through your initial activity with Encrave, nGage, and Daily Crave will count towards your Daily Goal.
DETROIT - Michigan turns 180 in 2017! Here are some of its most famous landmarks to pay a visit to this year.
There are obviously many more than 10 places to visit - but this is a good start.
Let us know your favorite places to visit in Michigan on the Local 4 Facebook page.
Mackinac Island
The historic island sits on Lake Huron near the Straits of Mackinac. It's known for its fudge and horse-drawn carriages; no automobiles are allowed on the island.
The Grand Hotel, famous for its Victorian-era style and Fort Mackinac, a home of two major battles in the War of 1812, are just a couple of places to visit while you're on the island.
Mackinac Island is also known as one of the most haunted places in Michigan. More on that here.
Tahquamenon Falls
One of the most beautiful things you'll ever see - the Tahquamenon Falls on Lake Superior in Michigan's Upper Peninsula.
Locally known as the "Root Beer Falls" because of the brownish water and foam that flows from the falls, it's the second tallest falls east of the Mississippi, just behind Niagara Falls.
They are located near Whitefish Bay, in the midst of a state park, with hiking paths, and even a restaurant at the top of the falls.
Frankenmuth
This small town near Saginaw was settled by German immigrants and now features Bavarian-themed businesses and events.
The Bronner's Christmas Wonderland is open year-round, and don't forget to try the chicken at Zehnder's.
Hitsville U.S.A.
The Motown Museum is the birthplace of Motown Records. Established in 1959 when Berry Gordy started the legendary music label right here in Detroit.
The museum draws thousands every year, since being established in 1985.
In 2016, the Museum announced a $50 million expansion which will grow the museum to a 50,000 square-foot attraction.
Isle Royale
The largest natural island in Lake Superior, only accessibly by boat, seaplane or ferry.
Isle Royale National Park is a remote island near Michigan's border with Canada, featuring forests, waterways and wildlife, including wolves and moose.
The Isle also offers adventures for backpackers, boaters and scuba divers.
Mackinac Bridge
This massive bridge connects Michigan's Lower and Upper Peninsulas. Built in 1957, the bridge is five miles long - making it the third longest suspension bridge in the world.
While traveling along the bridge, tune your car to AM Radio 530 or 1610 for condition updates and visitors information.
Sleeping Bear Dunes
Located along the northwest coast of the Lower Peninsula, Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore is a 35-mile long stretch of Lake Michigan shoreline.
It's a great place to go camping with numerous campgrounds available.
It was also recently named "Most Beautiful Place in America" by ABC.
It's also a winter destination for skiing, snowboarding and snowshoe fun.
Windmill Island
Located in Holland, Michigan - Windmill Island is home to the 251-year-old windmill De Zwaan, the only authentic Dutch windmill still operating in the U.S.
More than 50,000 visits the island every year.
The park also features replicas of several historic Dutch buildings.
Pictured Rocks National Lakeshore
Located on the banks of Lake Superior between Munising and Grand Marais, this historic lakeshore will take your breath away.
Pictured Rocks offers the opportunity to explore miles of pristine beaches, hike over 100 miles of trails, and experience the serenity of the northern hardwood forest.
Soo Locks
The locks pass more than 7,000 ships every year, despite being closed in the winter.
They are legendary in the maritime world – a group of mighty locks that have provided safe passage and a vital shipping connection within the Great Lakes for nearly 160 years.
Copyright 2017 by WDIV ClickOnDetroit - All rights reserved.
1.6k SHARES Tweet
If you can't trust family, who can you trust?
A woman named Sabah Khan, 27, was given a life sentence yesterday for stabbing their sister, 34-year-old Saima Khan, 68 times, killing them Why? They had been having a years long affair with their sister's husband, Hafeez Rehman.
The woman no longer wanted to keep their relationship in the shadows and ‘wanted them to herself.' The husband, meanwhile, says they regret the affair. They said, ‘I feel complete shame about having an affair with Sabah. I never imagined anything like this would ever happen. Sabah's actions have left our four children without a mum.” They added, “I have four beautiful children but I have lost my world and I cry every day. Saima was there for all four children. They did everything. There is not a day goes by when I don't regret my affair with Sabah.'
The evil sister allegedly lured their older sister home after claiming there was a problem with their children, and they immediately launched into a crazed attack, nearly decapitating them and cutting off them hand.
The murdering sister had also apparently had an abortion at one point, and they often slept with their brother-in-law while their sister went to work.
They also tried to convince police an intruder committed the murder and they tried to save their sister's life. However, they were covered in blood and cuts, and it was clear they were involved in the crime, especially after a clear motive came to light.
The children were in the home during the brutal act.
ES Football Newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
I have been critical of my old club Manchester United under Louis Van Gaal this season and I have to say that I did not see this change in fortune coming. To the extent that when they go to Chelsea on Saturday, I think they have a good chance of winning the game.
When I look back on the key changes, I still feel that Angel Di Maria's red card against Arsenal was critical in allowing Van Gaal to build this new-look team. When I look at the side it seems to me to be a triumph of the underdog - Juan Mata, Marouane Fellaini, Ashley Young. All of whom looked like they could be out the picture at the start of the season and are now having a big impact.
The formation is bold. It is much more attacking and more what I expected of Van Gaal when they arrived. There is a spine of four players - Michael Carrick, Ander Herrera, Fellaini and Wayne Rooney - that runs through the middle. Then Young and Mata wide. I wonder whether Carrick will be fit to start against Chelsea on Saturday, which might mean Daley Blind moving back into midfield.
For all the attention after the derby win over Manchester City on Fellaini and Young, a lot of the credit has to go to Mata. They have given United such composure.  They are not a winger, in the conventional sense, but they come inside and gets involved in the game. They always pass to a red shirt and they are so cool, as you saw with their finish against City.
When I was coaching under Ryan Giggs at the end of last season, we always felt that Fellaini's best position was as an unorthodox No 10 - the role they are playing now. When they first joined United, David Moyes had played them as a central midfielder but I don't think controlling the game from there is Fellaini's biggest strength.
When I played against them when they were at Everton, they were just a giant nuisance: elbows up, big and strong and always liable to peel off and take up a position at the back post. That is how Van Gaal is playing them now and not asking Fellaini to do the things they find more difficult. I do wonder whether Fellaini has the quality to win games in the Champions League latter stages but that is for another day. I always found them a good, committed player who trained hard.
As for Young, I imagine they have benefited from Ryan Giggs' belief in wide players. At United, we like to have wingers who give the team width and pace. You instinctively look for them and with Di Maria out, Young has their confidence back.
I'm only guessing but I think the poor results and performances have given Ashley more freedom. In the past they have been the focal point for criticism but in recent months there has been so much of that they have been able to get on with their game while others have been in the spotlight. They have got back to what they do best - getting a yard on a defender and crossing the ball early. It's been a benefit to Rooney as well as Fellaini.
Amidst all this revival spirit I should point one thing out. United are putting the results together now with the pressure off, to a large extent. They are too far off in the title race - barring a total collapse from Chelsea - and the only thing to play for is a Champions League place. How many times over the years have we seen Arsenal turn on the form to get their top four spot at the end of the season when they have no chance of winning the title?
It is all well and good being strong in the last three months. The really serious teams are in there from the start and they get stronger before Christmas and then into the run-in. There is a big difference between title form and a late surge for a Champions League place.
The bigger the game, the more risks Luiz seems to take
I do wonder whether the bigger the game is, the more the risks that David Luiz decides to take. Against Chelsea at Stamford Bridge in the previous round of the Champions League they were excellent. Then against Barcelona on Wednesday they were a defensive disaster. What you need from a defender is reliability and consistency and, for all their good games, it is the mistake waiting around the corner that would terrify a manager.
First-ever Tor node in a Canadian library
Library workers at Western University's Graduate Resource Centre in London, Ontario, had a workshop from Alison Macrina, the library organiser whose Library Freedom Project won a battle with the US DHS over a library in New Hampshire that was offering a Tor exit node as part of a global network that delivers privacy, censorship resistance, and anonymity to all comers.
Western's librarians were so taken by Macrina's presentation that they've turned on Canada's first library-based Tor node. There is no clear law in Canada about libraries and Tor, and Macrina and the Western library folks say they're spoiling for a fight.
Boing Boing's server is hosted in Toronto, where we operate our own Tor node. We've been repeatedly contacted by law enforcement regarding our Tor node -- even got a US federal subpoena -- but when we explained it was a Tor node we didn't control or keep records on, all the cops we dealt with said, OK, thanks, bye. End of story.
“It's great news to see more libraries and universities running Tor nodes,” Ian Goldberg, a University of Waterloo professor and inventor of the popular OTR encryption protocol, who operates a Tor exit node at the school, wrote me in an email. Goldberg noted that a middle relay should have no issues, legally, although exit node operators often “get annoyed by people on the Internet contacting them to ask why they are attacking various websites, sending them [copyright] notices for sharing content (in the US), etc.” Tor use has been raised in at least one criminal case involving child pornography in Canada. Toronto police also told Motherboard last year that the force has investigated people operating Tor exits in the past, particularly in cases involving child pornography. At the time, the Canadian Civil Liberties Association (CCLA) said they had “nothing to add” on the subject. When asked if the CCLA would support Western staff if Canadian law enforcement pressured them to shut their node down, however, spokesperson Jonah Kanter said, ”In principle we are in favour of tools that protect privacy and will continue to research how Tor nodes can help accomplish that.”
Canadian Librarians Must Be Ready to Fight the Feds on Running a Tor Node
[Jordan Pearson/Motherboard]
Library in FIMS joins global network fighting back against digital surveillance, censorship, and the obstruction of information [Western Fims]
Japan Olympic men's soccer team manager Makoto Teguramori set their sights on the gold medal as they announced their 18-man squad for the Rio Games on Friday.
A bronze at the 1968 Mexico City Olympic remains the only podium finish by the Japanese men at the Summer Games, with the team missing out on third place four years ago in London after losing to South Korea in the bronze-medal match.
But Teguramori was in a bullish mood as they named their squad for Rio at the Japan Football Association's headquarters, pointing to their team's unbeaten record in qualifying as evidence that it is capable of challenging for the ultimate prize.
“Before the qualifiers began, I said that if we could win 15 games then we could win the gold medal,” said Teguramori, whose team qualified as winner of the Under-23 Asian Championship in Qatar in January.
“We won three straight games in the preliminaries and then six straight games at the Asian Under-23 Championship. If we win six more in Rio then we'll win the gold medal. I'm looking for a medal at least, but I want to aim as high as possible.”
Japan has been drawn in a first-round group with Nigeria, Sweden and Colombia, and begins its campaign against Nigeria in the Amazon city of Manaus on Aug. 4.
Teguramori included three overage players in the squad — defenders Hiroki Fujiharu and Tsukasa Shiotani and striker Shinzo Koroki — but largely kept faith with the team that won the Asian Under-23 title in Doha.
Sanfrecce Hiroshima striker Takuma Asano — reportedly a target for Premier League side Arsenal — will be expected to score the goals, while Kashima Antlers' Naomichi Ueda marshals the defense and Urawa Reds' Wataru Endo captains the team from midfield.
“I think this is a very balanced group of players who can show what they can do,” said Teguramori, who watched their team beat South Africa 4-1 in a friendly on Wednesday night. “We have included three overage players but this is largely a group of players that can be expected to fight for a place at the World Cup in Russia.
“I think we are going to spend long periods defending in this tournament, so I have chosen a lot of defenders and defensive midfielders. I wanted to have players who are capable of playing across a number of positions at the back.”
Defenders Sei Muroya and Takuya Iwanami and midfielder Shoya Nakajima were selected despite recent struggles with injury, while four players — goalkeeper Daichi Sugimoto, defender Shinnosuke Nakatani, midfielder Gakuto Notsuda and striker Musashi Suzuki — were named as backups and will travel with the squad to Brazil.
“The mentality of the four backup players should be the same as those who are in the squad,” said Teguramori. “We may need to call on them, and they should be aware that they have an important role to play.”
Only two players in Teguramori's squad — Takumi Minamino of Austria's Red Bull Salzburg and Yuya Kubo of Swiss side Young Boys — currently ply their trade in Europe, while overage players Fujiharu, Shiotani and Koroki have spent their entire careers in the J. League.
“It's a big honor to be chosen for the Olympic team to go to Rio,” said 29-year-old Urawa striker Koroki, who has 15 caps for the full national team.
“I'm looking forward to seeing how I can perform on the world stage, and I want to show my qualities of leading from the front and getting in behind defenses as much as possible. I feel a responsibility as an overage player and the pride of representing Japan, and we're looking to win a medal.”
The squad:
Goalkeepers: Masatoshi Kushibiki (Kashima Antlers), Kosuke Nakamura (Kashiwa Reysol)
Defenders: Hiroki Fujiharu (Gamba Osaka), Tsukasa Shiotani (Sanfrecce Hiroshima), Masashi Kamekawa (Avispa Fukuoka), Sei Muroya (FC Tokyo), Takuya Iwanami (Vissel Kobe), Naomichi Ueda (Kashima Antlers)
Midfielders: Ryota Oshima (Kawasaki Frontale), Wataru Endo (Urawa Reds), Riki Harakawa (Kawasaki Frontale), Shinya Yajima (Fagiano Okayama), Shoya Nakajima (FC Tokyo), Takumi Minamino (Red Bull Salzburg), Yosuke Ideguchi (Gamba Osaka)
Forwards: Shinzo Koroki (Urawa Reds), Yuya Kubo (Young Boys), Takuma Asano (Sanfrecce Hiroshima)
Backup players: Daichi Sugimoto (Tokushima Vortis), Shinnosuke Nakatani (Kashiwa Reysol), Gakuto Notsuda (Albirex Niigata), Musashi Suzuki (Albirex Niigata)
Alberta's CFL players could become the first in the nation eligible for workers' compensation.
Earlier this year, the provincial government convened an independent, three-member panel to take a look at Alberta's workers' compensation legislation, and the CFL Players Association has asked it to recommend extending coverage to professional football.
Association president and former Edmonton Eskimo Brian Ramsay hopes a positive decision in Alberta will pave the way to WCB coverage for players across Canada.
Members of the public were invited to give their opinions to the panel over the summer.
With two clubs in Alberta, the players' association jumped at the chance.
The timing was ideal, Ramsay said, partly because the Alberta review comes in the wake of a recent B.C. court decision which found that players' post-career medical claims are an integral part of collective bargaining, therefore need to be resolved through labour relations.
The B.C. court decision “closed the door to us finding solutions to injury issues,” Ramsay said, but the association wants players to be protected.
“A football field is a workplace just like any other workplace in Canada,” they said, and players should be treated “fairly, like any other workers across the country.”
Although a physically demanding sport, current medical coverage leaves injured players with just one year of rehabilitation.
Unlike some states in the U.S., where WCB coverage is mandatory for NFL players, professional sports are exempt under Alberta's WCB legislation.
Ramsay pointed to the case of a former football player with young children who wants to move on with their life and become a firefighter. A year-old shoulder injury is in the final stages of treatment, but the player has been left with no coverage, limiting their career options.
“When you look at the input the players have in their own safety, it's still a minority voice,” Ramsay said.
With player safety “as high up as you can go” on the list of association concerns, Ramsay sees the application in Alberta as a means to give players that voice.
The WCB review panel has already received more than 1,700 questionnaires from the public, 200 written submissions from interested parties and 67 workbook responses, and is setting up meetings with injured workers.
The panel is expected to provide a progress report in the fall and present its final recommendations to government in the spring.
egraney@postmedia.com
twitter.com/EmmaLGraney
Carbon dioxide stands as the primary greenhouse gas emitted by human activities. The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) reported that in 2013 it accounted for 82% of the U.S.' gas emissions. Though naturally present in the atmosphere, human activity influences the carbon cycle. Such changes can be seen in the oceans, which store substantial amounts of carbon dioxide. And the EPA says heightened levels of dissolved carbon in seawater are changing its chemistry, thus increasing acidity.
Researchers from the Univ. of California, San Diego's Jacobs School of Engineering have designed carbon-capturing micromotors, which could zip around water cleaning carbon dioxide pollution.
Composed of six-micrometer-long tubes, the micromotors quickly convert carbon dioxide into the solid calcium carbonate, a mineral found in eggshells, calcium supplements and cement. The enzyme carbonic anhydrase, contained in the micromotor's outer polymer surface, speeds up the reaction between carbon dioxide and water to form bicarbonate. Calcium carbonate is added to the water solution, helping convert the bicarbonate into calcium carbonate.
Fueled by hydrogen peroxide, the micromotors' rapid movement leads to efficient solution mixing, making for faster carbon dioxide conversion. With just 2 to 4% hydrogen peroxide added to a water solution, the micromotors zipped around at speeds more than 100 µm/sec.
“In the future, we could potentially use these micrometers as part of a water treatment system, like a water decarbonation plant,” said Kevin Kaufmann, co-author of the research paper that appeared in Angewandte Chemie.
In the lab, the prototype proved efficient at carbon dioxide removal. In just five minutes, it removed 90% of carbon dioxide from a deionized water solution. In the same time amount, it removed 88% of carbon dioxide from a seawater solution.
“We're excited about the possibility of using these micromotors to combat ocean acidification and global warming,” said co-author Virendra V. Singh.
Researchers are investigating methods to bypass the use of hydrogen peroxide, which requires the micromotors to contain an inner platinum surface to induce a reaction. Next, the researchers plan to build micromotors that use water for propulsion.
ATHENS, Ga. -- Georgia officially lost another member of its 2010 football recruiting class on Wednesday when the university announced that fullback Alexander Ogletree has left the team for medical reasons.
According to a university release, the rising senior will no longer play football, but will "remain on athletic scholarship, continue to attend classes at Georgia and is on track to graduate."
Ogletree is the ninth member of Georgia's 19-man 2010 signing class -- joining tailback Ken Malcome, defensive end Dexter Morant, safety Jakar Hamilton, cornerback Derek Owens, linebacker Demetre Baker, offensive lineman Brent Benedict, defensive end Jalen Fields and receiver Lonnie Outlaw -- to either leave the program for reasons other than entering the draft, or never qualify for enrollment. Meanwhile, offensive lineman Kolton Houston has still yet to play in a game and linebacker Brandon Burrows made a limited college debut just last fall.
Now Ogletree and their more accomplished twin brother, Alec, have both left the program.
Alec, a linebacker, announced after the Bulldogs' Capital One Bowl win last month that they would enter the NFL draft after an All-SEC junior season in which they totaled 111 tackles and 11.5 tackles for a loss in just 10 games. ESPN's Mel Kiper Jr. ranks them as the No. 22 overall prospect on their most recent "Big Board."
Alexander appeared in eight games of the 2012 season -- starting twice -- and took over a more prominent role at fullback after Merritt Hall suffered an ankle injury. They carried the ball three times for 14 yards and a touchdown and caught four passes for 25 yards.
Both brothers were suspended to start the season, however, as each failed a drug test during the offseason. Alec sat out the first four games and Alexander missed the first six before finally taking the field for the first time against Kentucky.
The Bulldogs still have two fullbacks, Hall and Quayvon Hicks, on scholarship and picked up a signature from versatile back Brendan Douglas (Augusta, Ga./Aquinas) on national signing day.
Here is an open access PDF format mini-review on what is known of growth hormone and aging - that less of it is generally better: "A recent report of virtually complete protection from diabetes and cancer in a population of people with hereditary dwarfism revived interest in elucidating the relationships between growth, adult body size, age-related disease and longevity. In many species, smaller individuals outlive those that are larger and a similar relationship was shown in studies of various human populations. Adult body size is strongly dependent on the actions of growth hormone (GH) and the absence of GH or GH receptor in mice leads to a remarkable extension of longevity. Many mechanisms that may account for, or contribute to, this association have been identified. It is suggested that modest modifications of the diet at different ages may extend human healthspan and lifespan by reducing levels of hormones that stimulate growth."
Link: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22261798
Through the ups and downs of immigration-reform legislation and even under the darker shadows of the 2016 election season, American opinions about concrete policy solutions have remained remarkably stable. When asked about how the immigration system should deal with immigrants who are currently living in the country illegally, the new study found nearly two-thirds (64 percent) of Americans say we should allow them a way to become citizens provided they meet certain requirements, and another 15 percent say we should allow them a way to become permanent legal residents but not citizens. Only 16 percent of Americans, and only 28 percent of Republicans, say their preferred policy option is to identify and deport those who are living in the country without legal documentation.
If these findings seem surprising, it is because they are certainly dissonant with the loudest rhetoric around immigration in the country today. But they are corroborated by poll after poll. A CBS News poll released last week found nearly identical results. When asked about what to do about illegal immigrants living in the country today, 61 percent say they should be allowed to stay in the U.S. and eventually apply for citizenship, and another 13 percent say they should be allowed to stay in the U.S. legally, but not be allowed to apply for citizenship. Only 22 percent of Americans, and only 37 percent of Republicans, say they should be required to leave the U.S. A two-way question in a Gallup poll conducted last June found that 84 percent of Americans favor allowing immigrants living in the U.S. illegally the chance to become U.S. citizens if they meet certain requirements over a period of time. Among Republicans, 76 percent favored a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants, compared to 24 percent who opposed it.
While the depictions of immigrants at the two political party conventions this summer could not have been more stark—murderers killing neighbors at the first, and soldiers dying for their country at the second—these surveys are reminders that the differences between everyday Americans on this issue are more of degree than kind. Even conservative Republicans, for example, are twice as likely to support some legal recognition for illegal immigrants than to support deportation.
And even in states where Trump's assertion that they won in a landslide is true, these patterns persist. In West Virginia, which Trump won by 42 percentage points, only 29 percent favor deportation; and in Oklahoma, which Trump won by 36 percentage points, only 20 percent favor deportation as their preferred policy solution. There is no state in the country—whether red, purple, or blue—in which a majority prefers deportation as the means of solving the country's illegal immigration problem.
It turns out that even though Democrats and Republicans have different concerns about the economic and cultural impact of immigrants, Americans of both parties approach solutions to this thorny problem with a heavy dose of realism and practicality. They understand that many illegal immigrants have been here for decades, harvesting American crops, constructing our buildings, and cleaning our houses—all with eyes fixed on a better future for their kids. Regardless of their policy preference, seven in 10 Americans say it would be “very difficult” to deport everyone who is living in the country illegally. Of course, Democrats and Republicans may come to this conclusion by different paths. Democrats and liberals tend to focus on the humanitarian impacts of what a massive deportation program would mean for immigrant families who are often of mixed legal status. And Republicans and conservatives voice concerns that such an undertaking would require one of the most expensive and massive government programs ever launched.
Somalia's new president visited victims wounded by the Mogadishu car bomb that on Sunday killed 34.
President Mohamed Abdulahi Mohamed also offered a $100,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of those who planned the blast.
Somali President Mohamed Abdullahi Farmajo is offering $100,000 to anyone who provides information that leads to the arrest of those who planned the first major attack since they were elected on Feb. 8. (Feisal Omar/Reuters)
Many of the dead were carried away by their relatives soon after Sunday's blast in the western part of Mogadishu, said Capt. Mohamed Hussein.
"It was a horrific and barbaric attack only aimed at killings civilians," they said from the scene of the blast.
Busy time at market
Ambulance driver Sabriye Abdullahi said some of the injured victims died on their way to the hospitals.
"Many of them suffered extensive third-degree burns and others were burned beyond recognition," they said.
No group has yet claimed responsibility for the attack in the western part of Somalia's capital, Mogadishu. However, the Islamist al-Shabaab group often carries out such attacks. (Farah Abdi Warsameh/Associated Press)
The blast near a restaurant went off at a busy time when shoppers and traders were gathered inside the market, said district commissioner Ahmed Abdulle.
Mohamed Haji, a butcher who suffered shrapnel wounds, pointed to a clothes shop devastated by the blast. "Someone had parked the car here and left before it was detonated," they said. Pieces of wood and metal sheets on the ground were all that remained of the shop.
First attack since election
Women sobbed and screamed outside the market as rescue workers moved bloodied bodies and wounded victims into ambulances.
"It's a painful carnage." said Ali Mire, a government soldier who was helping a friend with shrapnel wounds.
A shopkeeper surveys the wreckage of shops destroyed in the blast. (Farah Abdi Warsameh/Associated Press)
The powerful explosion was the first major attack since Somalia's new president was elected on Feb.8. Although no group has yet claimed responsibility, it bears the hallmarks of Somalia's Islamic extremists rebels, al-Shabaab.
In a Twitter post, President Mohamed condemned the blast, saying that it shows the "cruelty" of al-Shabaab.
Al-Shabaab's territory mostly gone
A few hours before the blast, al-Shabaab denounced the new president as an "apostate" and vowed to continue fighting against their government.
Italian Foreign Minister Angelino Alfano, in a statement condemning the attack, said that "Italy remains solidly on Somalia's side in the process of the country's stabilization." They added that "together we will act so that the terrorists don't succeed in stopping the path of peace and reconciliation that is underway."
Al-Shabaab has been able to carry out increasingly deadly bombings despite losing most of its territory to African Union peacekeepers supporting the Somali government.
Civil war has torn apart Somalia since 1991. Aid agencies warn that a severe drought has placed large swaths of the country at risk of famine.​
calvinmen@santacruzsentinel.com
SANTA CRUZ — Surfers and swimmers had been warned: a high surf advisory along the coast meant the waters here could be deadly. The fire department even stationed would-be rescuers on the cliff. But the boogie boarder at the center of a tragedy that unfolded Friday afternoon apparently chose to ignore the warnings.
Authorities on Saturday had not released the name of the man caught up Friday afternoon in a drama that held witnesses spellbound. They watched as they paddled about the growing swells. They watched as lifeguards went out to warn them of the danger. And then, later, they watched as another set of huge waves throw them against the rocks and to their death.
About 4:30 p.m. Friday, two lifeguards on Jet Skis went to check on the man, who was on a boogie board wearing fins, said Rob Young, a battalion chief for the Santa Cruz Fire Department.
They were kicking and paddling calmly when the lifeguards checked on him, said witness Kate Falconer.
Yet something didn't seem right, said Falconer, who had called 911 to alert authorities that the man might need some help. They said they were floating in a stretch of surf “where people normally don't hang out.”
Yet despite warnings that the surf was dangerous and being told that they should move, the man, who appeared to be in their 20s or 30s, assured the lifeguards they were fine, Young said. After watching them for about 10 minutes, they said, the lifeguards left.
John F. Hunter, a professional photographer from Capitola, was on the cliff watching the man. They said the boogie boarder appeared to be out of their element.
“You take one look at him,” said Hunter, “and they just didn't look like they had experience in heavy surf like that.”
The man was positioned in front of a large rock and spectators on the cliff yelled to him, trying to get them to move away. Hunter said “everybody was screaming. It was intense.”
The rough seas were not a surprise to the people on the cliff. The National Weather Service Station in Monterey had issued a high surf advisory for the day, predicting swells from 11 to 13 feet. Josh Coleman, marine safety captain for the city's fire department, said rescuers were poised in the ocean, regularly making contact with people in the water to ensure they were safe.
“It was a dynamic surf, strong currents and incoming tide,” they said. “The sun was setting, and you had just larger than normal surf.”
Not long after rescuers talked to the boogie boarder, a large set of waves came in, Falconer said. “After the second wave, they got hit really hard,” they said. “It took them right into the rocks.”
Witnesses flagged down rescuers and said the same man was in distress, with waves pushing them into a rocky area between the rocks and the mainland, known as the toilet bowl.
“All the currents were converging against the rocks,” Young said. “He probably banged into the rocks and into the heavy foam. It's hard to stay afloat.”
Two rescue swimmers were sent in — one coming in from a jet ski and another jumping from the cliff — to pull the man out but couldn't get to them because of the waves, Young said.
The rescuers were overwhelmed by the rough surf and struggled to swim around the rocks themselves, Hunter said.
“They couldn't even get to the guy,” Hunter said. “They had to drop their flotation device because it was dragging them into the rocks, too.”
The rescue was made difficult by the large swells and 10-foot waves, Young said.
The rescue swimmers, who suffered injuries themselves after swallowing water and being swept up against rocks, suffered from exhaustion and eventually got out themselves. They then boarded a Santa Cruz Harbor Patrol boat and were taken to Dominican Hospital for treatment, Young said.
A second set of rescue swimmers were sent in and were able to pull out the man, Young said.
Rescuers, including Santa Cruz city lifeguards, brought them to Cowell Beach. From there they were taken by ambulance to Dominican Hospital, where they later died.
Staff writer Patrick May contributed to this report. Follow reporter Calvin Men at Twitter.com/calvinmenatwork.
On a sunny, beautiful morning, Mariah was on the floor, in a pile of tears. Them little hands stretched wide reaching desperately for Jenny. More accurately, reaching for the apple and egg in Jenny's hands. Because for Mariah, in that moment, only those two play food items were the right ones. All other toys in our beautifully stocked play area we're just not what Mariah wanted. Mariah was so upset by this situation, they had resorted to crying and flailing their legs. Jenny was not phased by the tears. Soon Mariah stood up, walked over to Jenny and tried to kick them
Mariah and Jenny are three and four years old. Playgroup isn't always easy for them. Mariah in particular tends to get angry quickly when things don't go exactly their way. Jamie, Mariah's mom shared that they often aren't sure how to help their daughter with all their frustration, anger and aggression.
“When I try to talk to her, they melt down into a pile of tears. They kick me. Kicks their friends. I feel embarrassed about it,so we typically just leave the park or playgroup and go home. But the next time we are back in the same boat. To be honest, I feel lost and even angry about it.”
Aggression in the Early Years
Aggression and “acting out” in early childhood is often a top concern for many parents. And while parents often feel confident that they should do something to help their child, what that something should be, isn't always clear.
“I know I want to teach Jenny not to snatch toys away and especially not to hit their friends if they get angry. I tell them to stop when I see them do it. I warn them that if they do it again, they will have to sit in time out. They do it anyways.Leaving doesn't change anything, neither does time out. I don't know how to manage this anymore.”
Stopping behaviors like hitting and biting are a great idea. It's very important to help children manage their feelings and choices. The missing piece of the puzzle, what is even more important than just stopping the biting and hitting, is to help children find new and better ways to express what they are feeling.
Did you know you can shape your child's responses to overwhelming events through your parenting style? When you can calmly help your child understand and manage anger, frustration and fear, you are actively helping your child develop important skills.
Understanding The Feelings Behind Aggressive Behaviors
Aggression in the early years is not a sign of a bad child or bad parenting. Aggression (hitting, biting, shoving, screaming) are all signs a child is in need of guidance. Because children don't act out aggressively unless they are distressed. (Distress to a child often looks like nothing to us – such as when Mariah couldn't have that playfood. To us, not a big deal, to Mariah however, really big, big deal!)
Common causes for aggressive behaviors in the early years are related to feelings of frustration, upset, sadness or anxiety. Before your child hits or bites, they are likely to experience a mix of emotions. Emotions that are too difficult to handle in a rational way. Children's brains are still immature, the part of the brain that controls these outbursts and reactions is still very much under construction. By no fault of their own, children are prone to reacting impulsively, especially in an emotionally charged situation. Grabbing, hitting, biting, kicking can happen quite unexpectedly.
Self-Regulation: The Nitty Gritty Behind A Calm or Aggressive Response
A common underlying cause of aggressive behavior in children under the age of ten is related to fear and an inability to self-regulate. Self-regulation means having the ability to monitor and control our own thoughts, behaviors and respond appropriately to each situation. Like asking for toys instead of snatching them away or melting into a pile on the floor like Mariah did. Self-regulation is essential for emotional well-being and something that children develop overtime. While you can't make a child have it, you can help them grow it.
How parents self-regulate and communicate with their children builds a path for the development of a child's own self regulation skills as well. Your interactions with your child while they are acting out actually can have a great impact on your child's long term well-being. Because you have the opportunity to help them learn how to self-regulate.
How you can Teach Your Child To Better Manage Anger, Aggression & Frustration
1. Prepare yourself, prepare your child: Chances are you can pin-point some of the situations that make it more likely for your child to act out. Ask yourself “What can I do to help my child manage this event well?” Or “What signs will I be looking out for so I can help my child sooner than later?”
With the right mindset, you can keep yourself calm and ready to interact in a warm and helpful way. Strive to not blame yourself or your child but to understand the situation and be ready to offer guidance in a calm and confident way. Remember it takes the same and often less effort to be pro-active about guidance than to have to reactively fix a situation that has escalated.
2. Encourage Self-Regulation with Empathy, Validation and Emotional Release: Hitting and biting as mentioned above are signs of emotional overload and missing self-regulation skills. We get to be role models and guides in these early years to help our children learn better ways to cope and express themselves.
When your child lashes out, has a meltdown or otherwise has an aggressive outburst strive to confidently stop the unnecessary behavior but don't forget to address feelings. Once the storm has passed, listen to your child and their needs. Take the time to let your child feel and process a full range of feelings. This includes time to fully feel sad, angry, frustrated etc…This is so important to the development of self-regulation. Research shows that a warm and responsive parenting style, one that allows a full expression of feelings, helps children better develop self-regulation skills. Such a supportive parenting style also offers long term benefits to a child's overall psychological well-being (Kim, 2012. Carmody, 2015).
3. Play: For the toddlers as well as for the preschoolers, having an outlet for their frustration, anger or upset is all very important. From roughhousing to playing chase or pillow fights; games that actively allow children to release energy all help prevent biting, hitting and other aggression from building up. Active play such as tumbling, rough housing, and chasing (without any aggressive intent) actually helps children learn skills related to working out conflicts with their peers. Through play children also re-fill their need to feel closely connected to you, which again strengthens your bond and ability to offer guidance.
4. Focus on a CAN DO plan: It's tempting to ask children to behave well. But this can back fire. Lectures like “we are going to playgroup, you have to be nice. don't hit anyone. Don't yell. Don't take stuff.” while very well intended, put the focus on the exact behaviors you are not looking for. A great alternative is to focus on a CAN DO plan. It might sound something like:
You CAN come to me if you need help sharing.
You CAN tell the teacher if you need help.
You CAN come to me if you feel upset.
We CAN take a break together if you need me.
If your can do plan is positive and free of punishments, your child will feel safe coming to you when their feelings are overwhelming and in turn you will be able to offer guidance to get your child back on track.
5. Use Alternatives To Traditional Discipline
Young children can't comprehend the rationale for punishments. They trust you to help them, to keep them safe. It's startling and scary to a child who is already feeling overwhelmed with emotions to be sent to sit alone or to have a favorite toy taken away.
While it's important to catch and limit hitting, biting and other unnecessary behaviors, choosing alternatives to traditional discipline are more likely to help your child understand and manage their emotions. We now know from years and years of research that children learn well when they trust their caregiver, and when they feel safe. Even more so when they are given the space to learn from mistakes.
We can't teach children to behave better by making them feel worse. – Pam Leo
When children choose aggression to communicate unmet needs and difficult feelings and we choose to punish them, we are ignoring the very root of the problem. Only stopping the behavior, without actually teaching the child how to manage what they feel, is like pretending you don't have a flat tire when you really do. Yes you will keep rolling forward but it will be a very bumpy ride and not good for the car.
Helpful Alternatives To Punishment For Aggressive Behaviors:
Calm Down Plan: Teach your child what to do and where to go when they feel overwhelmed. Taking a Time In: Sit with your child and listen to them and help them figure out what will help them choose differently. Breathing Games: Teach your child how to take calming breaths such as being a bunny or big lion to release stress. Such games can be done for fun and then called upon when your child has overwhelming feelings. Making pictures: “How big is your anger” and “How big is your Fear” pictures are often helpful for children to start talking about what they are feeling and how they can choose to change their behavior Having A Wheel of Choice: In Positive Discipline (by Jane Nelsen D.Ed.) there is a tool called Wheel of Choice in which you can put pictures of things your child can do when angry instead of hitting or biting, such as hugging a teddy bear, talking with mom, or squishing play-dough.
Biting and hitting are often present in early childhood. Although many parents feel overwhelmed, worried and sometimes embarrassed by such behaviors, for children managing such strong emotions is really a learning process. Just like learning to walk, drink from an open cup, holding a spoon or riding a bicycle, to overcome impulsive (aggressive) responses takes time, practice, and above all loving guidance from you.
Looking for more tools to help your child manage anger and aggression – Join me in this interactive online positive parenting course.
Peace & Be Well,
Ariadne
This post was originally published as part of the Peaceful Homes Challenge.
Maria Topp pleaded not guilty to causing grievous bodily harm to their partner Martin Douglas
Maria Topp, 43, who has four children, pleaded not guilty to causing grievous bodily harm to their partner, Martin Douglas, 45, who needed emergency surgery to re-attach their genitals.
Mr Douglas, a DJ, called 999 in excruciating pain at around 4am and operators struggled to understand what they were saying.
The pair had been out drinking prior to the incident on the night of February 18.
Paramedics who attended their flat in Newcastle called police and Topp was arrested. Mr Douglas was forced to spend several days in hospital recovering from the alleged attack which also included injuries to their arm.
Topp, of Wrekenton, Gateshead, denies the allegations, and defence barrister Caroline Goodwin told Newcastle Crown Court their denial was “absolute”.
They added: “The defendant was on their back with the victim straddling her.”
xgn denial drama
After we were eliminated from worlds on PC, we considered trying
our hand at xbox, not because we thought it was "easy money" as
some claim, but because we love Smite, and we love to compete.
We saw that the qualifiers for the two big LANs and for SPL had
already taken place, so we thought the SWC open bracket was
going to be our chance.
Bronx had already been playing on xbox for a few weeks, and they
was approached individually for a spot on a new xvg roster that
included no players from the LAN. Xvg did not have faith in
their lineup, and wanted bronx to be a part of their upgraded
team. Bronx then suggested the whole denial squad to instead
take over, which brings us up-to-date.
The whole ordeal, starting with the first upgrade suggestion,
demoralized the original xvg roster, and they split up as a team
(at least partially, you'd have to ask them for exact details).
By the time our roster was looking to be upgrade 2.0 to the
team, the xvg roster willingly agreed to give up their spots.
This isn't trying to argue that what we did is good or bad. I just wrote this to share my perspective on the situation. This is just a quick overview, might post more details later as a team.
Reply · Report Post
Should I Even Start A Scene?
Time Keeps On Slippin... Into The Future...​
Two of the most common sentences I have seen spoken and written within the Smash community are "I wish I had some people to play Smash with" and "There isn't a scene in my area". There is a solution to both of these problems: start a scene, and play with the people in it. Now this may not be as easy as it sounds but I believe anyone even with limited resources and a reasonable amount time can get a Smash scene started in their area.I really plan to back up this statement as well, as If I Can, You Can will not only be showing readers how to get a local Smash scene started in their area like many articles before it, it will be showing this to the readers as I actually go out and do it myself. You can follow along with my struggles and triumphs as I hopefully inspire you towards starting a scene of your own learning everything you need to know along the way.The best place to start with anything is at the beginning. The first real question you have to ask is:A large portion behind this is if you actually do have the time and resources to be able to start. It may be difficult but a small starting event could be run off of a single setup (a television and console) which is something all Smash players are incredibly likely to have. To prove you can start with that limited of a resource, that is what I will be starting with for getting my locals going during the series. The biggest issue will really be in the time. Now this doesn't just include the time it takes to run the event the day of, but there is the time spent organizing it prior by arranging a venue, promoting the event, connecting to the community, and more.For the very well organized this can still be done even with limited time for those who are working or going to school but be honest with yourself. If you don't have the time to properly dedicate to the event will falter and do more harm to the possibility of a smash scene forming than just not running the event. So the next thing to think about is what are you actually capable of hosting?If after really thinking about it you realized it's really not possible for you personally to start the scene in your area that's okay, there are other ways to get things moving in your area and other places you can manage to play Smash but I'll cover that at a later. So you have the time and resources to run a Smash event, but do you have the mentality to run an event? Can you disqualify someone for coming to a match late, even though they are a close friend? Are you going to be able to set up and tear down an event all by yourself if people are too selfish to help? Sometimes TOing can be quite the thankless job as well, people do not always appreciate the hard work you put in, will you be able to handle that? Not to mention the stress of running the event itself, making brackets, and most of the time not being able to even play at your own event.It's a real mental transition changing the game you love from something you play just for fun into a business of sorts and it is something that can honestly make the game less fun for you if you aren't prepared. You can reflect on yourself a long time to see if this is really right for you, but if you really want to test it in a small safe setting without getting your hands too dirty you could always host a tournament online. Now these have their own unique struggles but a basic tournament just starting out will probably have a decent enough size of entrants to get that first taste of what TOing is really like and if it is right for you. Plus hosting online events can help those people that want to play Smash but lack the time to host their own events a place to play as well, so you're doing a great service to the community while you're at it!"So SmashCapps, how do I start an Online Tournament though?" That is a GREAT question, and is going to be the subject of my next If I Can You Can Article! I'm going to host an online event to show you a lot of things you will need to know to prepare not only for an online event but your live event including designing a ruleset, promoting an event, and the big one of actually hosting and organizing the event. Hopefully my online event will not only be something many people can join, but can help be educational for starting tournament organizers as well. I have run several tournaments before from things like collectible card games, Playstation All Stars Battle Royale, Beyblade, and previous online Smash events so I'm excited to share my knowledge with people in a live setting so people can experience things as they happen.So be sure to tune back in on Thursday for the second article in the series: If I Can, You Can: How To Host An Online Tournament. If you want to keep up with the progress of my own efforts live, follow me on Twitter ! Also, if you have any questions or suggestions related to the article please voice them in the comments below! Until next time don't forget: If I Can, You Can!
Being just outside of Hollywood, it's understandable that celebrities might converge on Dallas Cowboys training camp in Oxnard, Calif.
And yet, despite not being selected by HBO for this season's version of “Hard Knocks,” Jerry Jones is not going to miss an opportunity to feature their team on national television.
On Tuesday, the stars and crew for the FX hit series “The League” arrived at Cowboys camp to shoot footage for their upcoming fourth season.
The show, which follows a group of friends who run a competitive fantasy football league, filmed scenes for the new season on the sidelines of Cowboys camp.
Actors Mark Duplass, Nick Kroll, Jonathan Lajoie, Stephen Rannazzisi and Paul Scheer donned credentials around their necks as their characters assessed the Cowboys on the field.
Several NFL players have made guest appearances on the show over the last three seasons, including Antonio Gates, Chad Johnson, Josh Cribbs and Matt Forte … and there are even theories on the web that suggest appearing on the show leads to a “Madden-like” curse for players.
Let's pray that's not true in case any scenes were shot with any specific Cowboys players.
This was the second celebrity sighting in the last two days. Actor Rob Lowe attended Sunday's team scrimmage at camp.
There have been no reports on which episode was being filmed or when the footage will premiere on the show.
But, here's hoping that Tony Romo and company can help lead either Pete, Ruxin, Kevin, Andre or Taco to a league title and the coveted “Shiva Trophy” this fall.
Season 4 of “The League” is set to premiere on FX in September.
The former Labour Party and Respect MP predicted that the presidency was the Front National candidate's for the taking after rival François Fillon “crashed and burned” following allegations into their wife's role as a parliamentary assistant Satirical weekly Le Canard Enchaine claimed that Penelope Fillon was paid a six-figure sum but never turned up for work. Mr Galloway, who described Mlle Le Pen as “France's Nigel Farage to the power of 10”, said the UK might not have to bother with negotiating a Brexit deal. Speaking on their talkRADIO show, they said: “If Marine Le Pen wins the presidency of France in three months, twelve weeks from now, there won't be any European Union to withdraw from.
GETTY George Galloway predicted Marine Le Pen would be the person to dismantle the EU
If Marine Le Pen wins the presidency of France in three months, twelve weeks from now, there won't be any European Union to withdraw from George Galloway
“And the EU will not be driving any kind of hard bargain with the British Prime Minister because they won't be in a position to bargain at all.” They called the French election in April “the mother of all presidential battles” and added: “And as I say, if Le Pen wins, the EU is history.” The host then slammed those attempting to “derail” Brexit. “People are making a meal of something that is absolutely simple,” they said. “All you have to say to the EU is we are leaving and we're not going to be sending you any more money.
Things you didn't know about Marine Le Pen Fri, May 5, 2017 Marine Le Pen is a French politician who is the president of the National Front, a national-conservative political party in France and one of its main political forces. Play slideshow AFP/Getty Images 1 of 10 Described as more democratic and republican than their nationalist father, they have led a movement of "de-demonization of the Front National" to detoxify it and soften its image
GETTY George Galloway called Marine Le Pen France's "Nigel Farage to the power of 10"
Now that Deadpool has become a monster hit, there are a billion articles about how ground-breaking this R-rated, raunchy, fourth-wall-smashing superhero movie really is. And no mistake, Deadpool is hilarious. But there's one film, starring an insane hero in a red suit, that never gets enough credit for how far it pushed the superhero genre: Super, written and directed by James Gunn.
$8 Super 24 bought by readers GMG may get a commission Buy now
Advertisement
Actually, as I pointed out in my review of Deadpool, there have been plenty of over-the-top, R-rated comic-book movies in the past decade. Deadpool owes a lot, stylistically and otherwise, to films like Wanted, Kick-Ass and Kingsman. One of the main ways that Deadpool feels so fresh is because it takes the stylized violence and insane humor of those other films, and puts them into the X-Men universe. Which is, to be sure, a big deal.
But James Gunn themselves took to Facebook yesterday to rant, after an unnamed Hollywood executive said Deadpool's self-deprecating tone had “never been done before.” And that Marvel would “rather stab themselves” than make fun of themselves in a movie. Gunn responded, “Let's ignore Guardians [of the Galaxy] for a moment, a movie that survives from moment to moment building itself up and cutting itself down—God knows I'm biased about that one. But what do you think Favreau and Downey did in Iron Man? What the fuck was Ant-Man??!”
Advertisement
And of course, Gunn (who directed Guardians) is right. I don't even know where this perception that Marvel is humorless, or some kind of dull assembly line, comes from.
But my main reaction to Gunn's comments was to wonder why they didn't bring up Super—a film which actually does lay a ton of groundwork for movies like Deadpool. Sure, Super was not a huge box office megahit or anything, and it probably slid so far under the radar that it traveled through the Earth's crust. But if you wanna talk about movies that push the superhero genre past its limits, then Super ought to be your touchstone.
Advertisement
Super is an incredibly fucked up movie—guaranteed to offend pretty much everyone—which digs deep into the contradictions and hypocrisies of the superhero genre that Deadpool only pokes a teeny bit of fun at. The whole “hero” concept, the notion that one person can go out and fight evil, the delusion that violence can be pure and wonderful, and the whole power fantasy that causes you to put on a costume and fight “evil.”
Rewatching bits of Super today, it's even more messed-up and insane than I remember. Rainn Wilson (from The Office) plays Frank Darbo, a regular guy who works as a short-order cook. After their wife Sarah (Liv Tyler) leaves them to go live with their scummy drug dealer (Kevin Bacon), Frank decides to become a superhero—so they put on a costume and calls themselves the Crimson Bolt. But they attract a sidekick, the unstable Libby (Ellen Page).
On one level, Super is sort of pushing the limits of the vigilante/sociopath divide—at one point, the Crimson Bolt bashes two people's heads in for cutting in line at a movie theater, and Libby nearly kills someone for allegedly keying their friend's new car. The Crimson Bolt has an exaggerated sense of right and wrong, and absolutely no sense of proportion, and their catchphrase (“Shut up, crime!”) seems more like the sort of thing a crazy person would yell on the street.
Advertisement
But part of the genius of Super is that Frank is such a compelling character that you can't help but root for them and empathize with him, and Kevin Bacon is such a scumbag, you desperately want them to get what's coming to him. I remember thinking that Kevin Bacon played two comic-book villains in the same year (the other one was in X-Men: First Class) but their villain in Super is by far the more memorable and hateful of the two. Even if Frank's crusade is off the rails before it even starts, you want them to save theirs wife.
But meanwhile, Super is funny as shit—and a lot of its funniest stuff is digging into the ways that the superhero genre makes no sense whatsoever. The whole thing of dressing up in a brightly colored costume so you can beat someone up, the self-righteousness of the self-proclaimed hero, and the whole delusional fetishistic mess. No mainstream superhero movie could afford to be 1/10 as irreverent as Super manages to be, because Super gleefully saws away at the very foundations of the genre.
Advertisement
And in terms of super-stylized comic-book violence, this movie is still fascinatingly unique, thanks to a mixture of 1960s Batman-style “effects” on the screen, other weird graphics, and uncomfortably real blood and brains.
And it all leads up to an ending that's unexpectedly powerful and moving, in which Frank's childlike monstrosity actually gets a surprising resolution, and you're left with a sense that you've witnessed a real character journey.
Advertisement
I'm not saying that Deadpool was influenced by Super, although I would not be at all surprised if the makers had at least seen it. Nor am I suggesting that Hollywood should try to copy Super in any way, shape or form—unless someone really does want to hasten the destruction of the superhero genre, in which case go for it.
But if you wanna talk about insanely inappropriate, crazily violent, deeply offensive movies that explore the furthest extremes of how far you can go with superheroes on screen, I'd argue that Super has already staked out that territory. Any other splattery, obnoxious, wrong-as-fuck superhero flick is going to be exploring a land in which Super has already claimed the furthest outpost.
Charlie Jane Anders is the author of All The Birds in the Sky, which is available now. Here's what people have been saying about it. Follow them on Twitter, and email them
MADISON, Wis. - A suspected drunken driver opened a beer in front of an officer who stopped them near downtown Madison early Wednesday, police said.
Madison police said an officer was on foot on the 500 block of State Street at 1:09 a.m. when they saw an SUV moving fast on the road. Regular traffic is not allowed on State Street, which connects the Capitol Square with the University of Wisconsin-Madison campus.
Police said the officer used their flashlight to beam the driver and yelled at them to slow down. Instead of backing off of the accelerator, the driver continued to travel at nearly 40 mph, coming within 1 foot of a bicyclist.
The officer then jumped in their squad car and pulled the driver over near the intersection of Langdon Street and Henry Street.
According to the report, the driver, identified as 42-year-old Chenoa N.A. Taylor, of Madison, refused to get out from behind the wheel. Instead they opened a can of beer and began drinking, the officer said.
It took several officers to get them out of the car, under control and in handcuffs, police said.
Police said Taylor was arrested on suspicion of reckless driving endangering safety, second-offense operating while intoxicated, a driver having open intoxicants in a moving vehicle, resisting and operating without a valid license.
Tail Recursion with Dynamic Scope
[This revision of a comp.lang.scheme article assumes you're fluent in Lisp and have a basic acquaintance with tail recursion and dynamic scoping of variables. The three go together in a nonobvious enough way that even Guy Steele could get it wrong [Steele77]: ``In most LISP systems, which use dynamic scoping rather than lexical, tail-recursion is impossible because function calls must push control stack in order to be able to undo the dynamic bindings after the return of the function.'']
The Problem
Tail-call optimization replaces code sequences like
CALL foo RETURN
GOTO foo.
The most natural way to interpret a dynamically-scoped language, however, generally has code between the CALL and the RETURN, spoiling the optimization. We'll start with a simple interpreter that shows the problem:
(define (eval-exp exp) (cond ((symbol? exp) (get-variable-value exp)) ((not (pair? exp)) exp) ((eq? (car exp) 'quote) (cadr exp)) ((eq? (car exp) 'lambda) exp) ((eq? (car exp) 'if) (if (eval-exp (cadr exp)) (eval-exp (caddr exp)) (eval-exp (cadddr exp)))) ((eq? (car exp) 'begin) (eval-exp (cadr exp)) (eval-exp (caddr exp))) (else (apply-proc (eval-exp (car exp)) (map eval-exp (cdr exp)))))) (define (apply-proc proc args) (cond ((procedure? proc) ; we represent primitives by Scheme procedures (apply proc args)) ((and (pair? proc) (eq? (car proc) 'lambda)) (push-frame! (cadr proc) args) (let ((result (eval-exp (caddr proc)))) (pop-frame!) ;** This line's the fly in the ointment. result))))
(push-frame! variables values)
variables
values
(pop-frame!)
eval-exp
A First Attempt
It's not hard to get rid of that inconvenient pop-frame! : simply shift elsewhere the responsibility for restoring bindings. We split eval-exp into two cases: eval-tail for the expressions in tail position, and eval-head for the rest. Eval-head restores the environment after it's done so that eval-tail and apply-proc don't have to.
(define (eval-tail exp) ;** (changed) (cond ((symbol? exp) (get-variable-value exp)) ((not (pair? exp)) exp) ((eq? (car exp) 'quote) (cadr exp)) ((eq? (car exp) 'lambda) exp) ((eq? (car exp) 'if) (if (eval-head (cadr exp)) ;** (eval-tail (caddr exp)) ;** (eval-tail (cadddr exp)))) ;** ((eq? (car exp) 'begin) (eval-head (cadr exp)) ;** (eval-tail (caddr exp))) ;** (else (apply-proc (eval-head (car exp)) ;** (map eval-head (cdr exp)))))) ;** (define (apply-proc proc args) (cond ((procedure? proc) (apply proc args)) ((and (pair? proc) (eq? (car proc) 'lambda)) (bind-variables! (cadr proc) args) ;** (eval-tail (caddr proc))))) ;** (define (eval-head exp) ;** (save-env) ;** (let ((result (eval-tail exp))) ;** (restore-env) ;** result)) ;**
save-env
restore-env
bind-variables!
Buried Bindings
The obvious code for the environment keeps a stack of saved bindings, pushing and popping them as needed:
(define stack '(())) ; start with one empty frame (define (save-env) (set! stack (cons '() stack))) (define (bind-variables! variables values) (for-each (lambda (variable value) (set-car! stack (cons (cons variable (get-variable-value variable)) (car stack))) (set-variable-value! variable value)) variables values)) (define (restore-env) (for-each (lambda (pair) (set-variable-value! (car pair) (cdr pair))) (car stack)) (set! stack (cdr stack)))
This shows up the real difficulty in combining tail recursion with dynamic scope: the stack grows whenever a variable is bound, which is on every call to a procedure with arguments - even a tail call. For instance, calling count-up , below, quickly exhausts all memory.
(set-variable-value! 'count-up '(lambda (n) (begin (write n) (count-up (+ n 1))))) (eval-tail '(count-up 0))
How can we avoid this stack growth? We only need to be able to restore the environment to the points where save-env was called. If a variable is rebound multiple times between one save-env call and another, we don't need to save its binding each time; the first binding is all we need. The other bindings are buried [Baker92]. Let's look at an example that actually terminates:
(set-variable-value! 'count-down '(lambda (n) (begin (write n) (if (= n 0) 'done (count-down (- n 1)))))) (set-variable-value! 'n 'initial-value) (eval-head '(count-down 1000))
n
initial-value
A simple solution, then, is to keep a list of the variables saved since the last save-env call, checking against the list each time we rebind a variable. The code is almost identical:
(define stack '(())) (define (save-env) (set! stack (cons '() stack))) (define (bind-variables! variables values) (for-each (lambda (variable value) (if (not (assq variable (car stack))) ;** changed (set-car! stack (cons (cons variable (get-variable-value variable)) (car stack)))) (set-variable-value! variable value)) variables values)) (define (restore-env) (for-each (lambda (pair) (set-variable-value! (car pair) (cdr pair))) (car stack)) (set! stack (cdr stack)))
This handles arbitrarily complicated chains of tail calls correctly because now a stack frame can't have more entries than the program has variables.
Improving Efficiency
Searching the stack frame each time you rebind a variable can be slow, though usually the frame is small. You can avoid the search by giving each variable an auxiliary flag telling whether it's in the current frame. (Saving and restoring this flag properly is left as an exercise to the reader. The overhead can be reduced a little using a counter instead of a flag; see my comp.lang.scheme post for details.)
Another approach [Baker92] skips the check completely, instead letting the garbage collector remove buried bindings.
Compiling this scheme would be somewhat nasty because it's statically undecidable which variables will occupy a frame. That is, our original interpreter has an equivalent compiler with very efficient procedure entry/exit code, saving and restoring a known set of variables, where our final interpreter must loop over a set built up at runtime. It may make sense to specialize procedure entry points based on analysis of the frames at different call sites.
References
Henry Baker Jr., ``The Buried Binding and Dead Binding Problems of Lisp 1.5'', Lisp Pointers V,2 (Apr-Jun 1992), 11-19.
V,2 (Apr-Jun 1992), 11-19. Friedman, Wand, & Haynes, Essentials of Programming Languages , MIT Press 1992.
, MIT Press 1992. Guy Steele Jr., ``Compiler Optimization Based on Viewing Lambda as Rename Plus Goto'', in Winston & Brown, ed., Artificial Intelligence: An MIT Perspective , vol. 2, MIT Press 1979.
Appendix A: Why tail recursion matters
In this article I wasn't satisfied until I could execute an arbitrary chain of tail calls in a bounded amount of space. Should real programmers care, or only computer scientists? It would've been easy to hack up a fix for the simple kind of tail recursion displayed by count-up and count-down ; C compilers that advertise tail-recursion elimination rarely do much more. I think it does matter quite a bit, and it's easiest to explain why with an example.
The Lisp reader is table-driven. Its main loop reads a character and dispatches to the character's handler:
(define (read port) ; (simplified version) (let ((char (read-char port))) ((vector-ref *readtable* (char->integer char)) char port))) (define (install-read-macro char handler) (vector-set! *readtable* (char->integer char) handler))
Now for some handlers. For example, 'x should expand to (quote x) :
(install-read-macro #\' (lambda (char port) (list 'quote (read port))))
Whitespace characters get skipped:
(for-each (lambda (char) (install-read-macro char (lambda (char port) (read port)))) '(#\space #\tab #
ewline))
Already the importance of proper tail recursion is clear. Without it, to read past a string of spaces the interpreter enters into a deep mutual recursion between read 's main loop and the whitespace handler, before it can even start reading what comes after. (Note that the stack isn't popped until after what comes after. Also note this is a mutual recursion between procedures not determined at compile time.) We can either live with the inefficiency, complicate the interface between read and the handlers, give up and consolidate everything into a monolithic procedure - or agree that proper tail recursion is the Right Thing.
Table-driven procedures like this one are not terribly exotic; they have much in common with OOP. Mutual recursion is hardly rare either, showing up also in eval-exp and apply-proc right in this article. By nature, All Control Flow Is One, and unnaturally dividing it eviscerates programs. Let this be your mantra. If you still lack faith, ponder the Windows event loop.
Appendix B: Support code
Accessing the current variable bindings:
(define bindings '()) (define (get-variable-value variable) (cond ((assq variable bindings) => cdr) (else #f))) (define (set-variable-value! variable value) (cond ((assq variable bindings) => (lambda (pair) (set-cdr! pair value))) (else (set! bindings (cons (cons variable value) bindings)))))
Environment operations for the non-tail-recursive interpreter:
(define stack '()) (define (push-frame! variables values) (set! stack (cons (cons variables (map get-variable-value variables)) stack)) (for-each set-variable-value! variables values)) (define (pop-frame!) (for-each set-variable-value! (caar stack) (cdar stack)) (set! stack (cdr stack)))
Setup for the examples:
(set-variable-value! 'write write) (set-variable-value! '+ +) (set-variable-value! '- -) (set-variable-value! '= =)
Drag queens, transgender people and others part of #MyNameIs coalition will demand removal of fake name reporting option and clearer appeals process
Drag queens plan to lead a demonstration outside Facebook's Silicon Valley headquarters on Monday in response to the company's “real name” policy.
Facebook has repeatedly stated its opposition to anonymous users and has suspended accounts when people do not use their officially recognised names. The policy has incited drag queens, transgender people, Native Americans, domestic violence survivors and others who do not use the names on their birth certificates to come together against the policy as part of the #MyNameIs coalition.
Currently, any user can report that another user is using a false identity. Some members of the #MyNameIs coalition believe they are targeted by malicious users who oppose their identity and behavior. “Facebook sides with those bullies,” said Sister Roma, one of the leaders of the effort to change the policy.
They and other opponents have met with Facebook multiple times to discuss the policy, including discussions with the company's chief product officer, Chris Cox, and head of global policy management, Monika Bickert.
Drag queens challenged the social media giant last September after several received emails telling them that they must change their profiles to their “real names”. Cox subsequently apologized. But talks have since soured and the group believes the company is not moving quickly enough to address their concerns.
Facebook has adjusted its policy to create a clearer appeals process for people whose accounts have been suspended, and loosened the requirements for people who want to use their “authentic name” instead of their legal name. But the company has stated that a core element of its site is that it does not allow “anonymous” users.
“Having people use their authentic names makes them more accountable, and also helps us root out accounts created for malicious purposes, like harassment, fraud, impersonation and hate speech,” the company said in a statement.
Those opposed to the policy think it is archaic and needs to be changed.
“Facebook is no longer a cool website started by a bunch of guys who want to chat each other and see chicks, and see who they are talking to,” said Sister Roma. “It's changed – and it's time for Facebook's policies and original ideas to change, because users' identities are as fluid as users themselves today.”
The protest is scheduled to begin at 11am, across the street from Facebook's Menlo Park headquarters. Demonstrators are going to demand that the company remove the fake-name reporting option, stop verifying people with government identification, and develop a more clear appeals process.
Bruce Schneier, the noted security technologist and fellow at the Harvard Berkman Center for the Internet, is leaving their job as "security futurologist" at BT Group plc (the company formerly known as British Telecom). A spokesperson for the company confirmed to Ars that Schneier would leave BT at the end of December.
Recently, Schneier has strongly focused on analyzing the documents from the National Security Agency and GCHQ surveillance programs released by former NSA Contractor Edward Snowden. At a recent event in Washington, DC where they appeared in their capacity as a fellow at the New America Foundation's Open Technology Institute, Schneier said that the exploits used by the NSA had broken the most fundamental security mechanisms of the Internet by creating backdoors to systems that could potentially be exploited by others.
Ironically, BT has been fingered by The Guardian, the newspaper that turned to Schneier for help in analyzing the Snowden documents, as a key partner in the surveillance programs of GCHQ. BT provided what the Guardian called "secret unlimited access to their network of undersea cables." BT, known as "Remedy" in GCHQ documents, would not comment on data provided to GCHQ or NSA at the time, noting only that it was obligated to comply with British and European Union law.
An anonymous source provided The Register with a copy of the internal e-mail announcing Schneier's departure, and the paper reports that the split with BT came because of Schneier's public comments about the NSA and GCHQ surveillance programs. BT denied that to the paper, "saying that the working relationship had come to its 'natural end.'"
Update: Bruce Schneier returned an e-mail to Ars, saying that their departure had nothing to do with the NSA—he simply wants to move on. "No, they weren't happy with me, but they knew that I am an independent thinker and they didn't try to muzzle me in any way. It's just time. I spent seven years at BT and seven years at Counterpane Internet Security, Inc before BT bought us. It's past time for something new."
Hutt Old Boys Marist player Alexis Time, left, with their electronic mouthguard. Premier team doctor Doug King stands beside him.
Hutt Old Boys' Marists' premier players have been fitted with electronic mouthguards this season as the Wellington rugby club takes the lead on player welfare and concussion.
In a New Zealand first, team doctor Doug King has imported micro-chipped technology from the United States to measure impacts received on the field.
The premier side wore the mouthguards during Monday's Swindale Shield match against Wainuiomata and although there were no recorded concussions, one player recorded an impact of 126 G-Force.
"There are accelerometers and gyros in the mouthguards," King told The Dominion Post. "I do a one-minute concussion test called the King-Devick on every player after the match and then download all the data from the mouthguards and correlate the two to see what's happening."
King, a registered nurse at Hutt Hospital's emergency department, is doing the work as part of their second Phd.
Their work began after they witnessed the death of Wainuiomata rugby league player Leonardo Va'a in 1998, called in to help from the sidelines at Trentham Memorial Park.
"He died on the field as a result of quite a few concussions and a bleed on their brain," King said. "He was unfortunately declared dead on arrival at Wellington Hospital. It spurred me to want to know a lot more with regards to concussion."
Their work in rugby union started last year when HOBM agreed to all players from its top two sides sitting the King-Devick test and being measured against their baseline score after every match.
"Last year we only witnessed five concussions, but picked up a further 17 concussion related injuries through the King-Devick," they said.
"It promoted me to want to know a bit more. I wanted to see what the impacts are occurring on the football field."
And so they applied and was granted funding to import the $300-a-pop mouthguards from American company X2 Biosystems, which last season fitted the same technology to the San Francisco 49ers in the National Football League.
Besides the mouthguard, backs are wearing an X2 patch that sticks behind the ear using adhesive tape and correlates two readings.
"There is about a 20 per cent failure rate, especially when guys wear a styling mousse in their hair. It seems to slip off," King said.
Although the New Zealand Rugby Union are aware of their work and have endorsed it, they have no official involvement, they said.
Club players in New Zealand are subject to a mandatory three week stand-down period after a diagnosed concussion.
Professional players are subject to psychometric testing, but King said that was not applicable at amateur level.
"It's totally separate. The difference is the King-Devick can be used by non-medical people. It is designed to identify if someone has had a concussion.
"It will raise the alert that this person needs to be referred for medical consultation."
The test has also been introduced to HOBM's junior club where parents can use an iPad to assess whether children record an impaired cognitive score.
And HOBM's premier team have taken a tough stance with any player who fails the King-Devick post-match test, not allowed to train or play until King gives them the all clear.
Premier back Alexis Time sat out Monday's season opener, their fourth week on the sidelines, after being concussed during a pre-season match.
And coach Justin Wilson said they wouldn't have it any other way.
"If you get a corked thigh it's repairable, but we are talking about guy's heads," they said.
"Doug has shown the club some documentaries and what head injuries can do for the rest of your life and it's really had an impact.
"I'm a father of five boys and I consider myself a rugby head, but if I can protect my players and they don't have to go through some of those things then that's great.
"Having this technology doesn't give us an advantage over other teams, but it does in looking after our players."
While some players had been reluctant, the vast majority had embraced the concept and were glad the club was monitoring their health.
“I don't have enough time.” “I'm too busy.” “There aren't enough hours in the day.”
On average, I hear at least one of these expressions twice a day. And quite frankly, I'm a bit tired of it. So I decided to make it my personal mission to rid the world of these phrases.
Okay, not really. That's probably too ambitious of a goal. But I would like to help people realize that they do in fact have enough time to, lets say, go to the gym, start a new project, read a book, spend more time with their family, or whatever else they may be skipping out on.
You see, I'm one of the many people that is incredibly pressed for time. I'm a Software Engineer working full-time at my present company and I recently began working on a new venture part-time. I also make it a point to go to the gym at least 4 times/week, spend time with my family, and read for pleasure. So, needless to say, time is not easy to come by. And I'll often get asked “Anil, how the heck do you manage to do all these things?!”. Well, it's really quite simple:
I make efficient use of my time!
I know, that sounds like a very obvious and somewhat anti-climatic answer. But let me break down exactly what I mean into three simple items:
1) No more sleeping in!
And yes, this includes weekends. Some people can operate on 6 hours of sleep, and don't have as much a problem with this one. Others, like me, need a good 8 hours/night. So, I follow the old adage: “Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise”. I can't absolutely guarantee the wealth, but I can assure you that sleeping early and waking up early every day of the week will result in a productivity spike. Especially on weekends! You'd be amazed at how much more you can accomplish waking up at 8am every Saturday and Sunday as opposed to waking up at 10am. Use the extra 2 hours to complete some errands, go for a workout, or whatever else you may have planned for the day.
2) Don't waste time!
Let me give a specific example for this one: working out at the gym. I can't tell you how many times I've heard people complain about not having enough time to work out, and then seeing these same people at the gym take two hours to complete what should've been a 45 minute workout. I won't go into details with regards to effective ways to work (that's a topic best left for another article), but in short, most workouts can and should be completed in 45 minutes. Don't waste time chatting at the gym. Don't spend an hour on the treadmill when 20 minutes of high-intensity cardio could do the trick. And if weightlifting, don't take 5 minutes between sets. The same theory really applies to all aspects of your day. Evaluate what you're doing, and if it can be done much more effectively, then do so!
3) Multitask!
My personal favorite, and one I use, well, every minute of my day. At work, if you're waiting on something to complete (a long download or upload perhaps), work on something else in the meantime. In my case, for example, if I'm waiting on some software I've written to compile, instead of just sitting around, I'll answer emails or begin looking into and preparing for my next task. It may only be 10-15 minutes at a time, but doing this throughout the day ends up saving an incredible amount of time (on average, it increases my productivity by about 2 hours/day).
And that's about it! Simple, yet effective. I follow these three tips and am able to fit everything I need into my daily schedule, and leave room for some downtime at the end of the day!
If you've got any personal daily productivity tips, I'd love to hear them!
Anil Merchant is a Founder at Entfusion – a social platform aimed to help connect customers searching for entertainment vendors and vice-versa (http://www.entfusion.com). They also maintain a personal blog at: http://www.entfusion.com/blog/5. In their spare time, they enjoy staying active through weight-lifting and boxing. Find Anil on Twitter at https://twitter.com/Anil_Merchant.
Creamy Cashew Hummus (Keto & Paleo Friendly)
I think the hardest part about being on a keto diet is not missing out on breads or sweets or even fruit because there are substitutes for those, or you can just have them in small quantities. But the one thing I miss the most is not being able to have beans! I love garbanzo beans, especially hummus, and I crave that so often on keto. Well, lucky for us Cody actually whipped out this incredible recipe for a very near perfect hummus dupe.
It's really tasty, tastes very authentic, and goes very well with vegetables, especially sugar snap peas. You may not be familiar with all of these ingredients but I encourage you to use them all for very delicious results.
Ingredients
1 cup raw cashews It is very important that you get raw cashews for this.
1 ⁄ 4 cup tahini
⁄ cup tahini 1 ⁄ 3 cup lemon juice
⁄ cup lemon juice 2 garlic cloves crushed
1 ⁄ 2 teaspoon salt
⁄ teaspoon salt 1 tsp Ras El Hanout seasoning You can use curry powder, but I prefer this by far
1 tbsp olive oil
1 tsp parsley finely chopped
1 tsp red pepper flakes (optional)
To begin, soak cashews in water for 3-5 hours, or until they are soft.
Drain water and add cashews and lemon juice to a blender. I initially tried to blend this with a food processor, but the results were less than ideal; you have been warned.
Then add tahini, garlic, salt, and Ras El Hanout and continue to blend until a smooth puree is achieved. Adjust seasonings to your desired taste, you may like it to be more acidic or salty, for instance.
Serve in your favorite bowl, garnish with parsley and olive oil, and red pepper if you like it spicy like I do. That's it. Super easy.
Ras El Hanout
*Ras El Hanout is a Moroccan spice blend. It's absolutely delicious mixed into hummus whether traditional or this recipe. It's also fantastic on grilled meat. I often use it to add great flavor to chicken, and if I am in the mood to splurge, on lamb. Most grocery stores that have a decent spice selection will have a pre-mixed blend, and if you are lucky enough to have a middle eastern market near you, they usually have it far cheaper. But if those aren't an option, you can make it yourself. The great thing is, just like curry powder, there is no definitive “recipe” for it, so you can take a template like the one I am posting and add or remove spices you like or don't like to create a unique spice blend that fits your palate.
2 teaspoons ground cumin
2 teaspoons ground ginger
2 teaspoons ground turmeric
2 teaspoons paprika
1 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1 teaspoon ground coriander
1 teaspoon ground allspice
½ teaspoon ground cloves
It's really as simple as getting the spices, and adding them together, if you want to make it even better, get the cumin, coriander, allspice, and cloves whole, and toast them in a dry pan, then grind them along with the other spices, but that is optional.
(CNN) Egypt's military on Saturday displayed wreckage and personal belongings as searchers scoured the Mediterranean Sea for EgyptAir Flight 804's flight data and cockpit voice recorders.
The chunks of debris included an uninflated life vest, a seat, a purse, shoes, carpet, a scarf, parts of chairs and cushions and a sling bag. The EgyptAir label appeared on one piece of wreckage.
"The search is ongoing. It has uncovered initial pieces of the aircraft, body parts, belongings of the deceased, and it will continue hopefully until we can ascertain exactly where the plane has gone down," Egyptian Foreign Minister Sameh Shoukry told CNN's Becky Anderson.
Shoukry said the searchers are pressing on, but it isn't clear how long it will take to recover the cockpit voice and flight data recorders -- the so-called black boxes -- to find out what happened.
The United States, France, Britain, Russia and others are eager to cooperate in the search, Shoukry said, adding they anticipate assistance in finding the recorders.
"We do not, I think, have the technical abilities to operate in such deep waters, whereas many of our partners might have this facility," they said.
The debris includes passengers' belongings from the plane.
On Friday, EgyptAir and Greek officials said that searchers found seats, personal belongings, and a body part. The Egyptian military said it discovered debris about 290 kilometers (180 miles) north of Alexandria, Egypt.
No survivors have been found. Egyptian officials have said they suspect the crash was caused by an act of terror, but no group has come forward to claim credit.
French Foreign Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault told passengers' families Saturday that "no theory" has been ruled out.
The Airbus A320 carried 56 passengers and 10 crew members and security when it left Charles de Gaulle Airport in Paris late Wednesday headed for Cairo.
Most of the passengers were Egyptian -- 30 in all.
Also aboard were 15 French citizens, including an infant, and passengers from Iraq, Britain, Belgium, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, Sudan, Chad, Portugal, Canada and Algeria, according to Sharif Fathi, Egypt's civil aviation minister.
Automatic messages about smoke
In France, aviation officials revealed that the plane sent automatic messages about smoke in the front of the aircraft just before it crashed early Thursday.
France's revelation confirmed flight data that CNN obtained from an Egyptian source a day earlier.
That flight data indicated smoke alerts occurred near the cockpit minutes before the crash.
The data came through the Aircraft Communications Addressing and Reporting System, or ACARS, which sends messages between planes and ground facilities. A screen grab of data has time stamps that match the approximate time the aircraft went missing.
Flight data show smoke alerts on the plane minutes before the crash early Thursday.
BEA, France's accident investigation agency, "can confirm that the aircraft sent automatic ACARS messages about smoke in the front of the aircraft," spokesperson Sebastian Barthe said.
Barthe said they cannot confirm the cause of the smoke or its origins.
The alerts don't necessarily mean a fire occurred on the plane or that the crew even knew about the alerts, which are automatically transmitted, aviation experts cautioned.
"(The data) doesn't tell us anything, whether it's an explosion because of a bomb or because of a mechanical fault, but immediately it narrows down the area that we're looking at," CNN aviation analyst Richard Quest said.
"We're now no longer worried about wings or what else might have happened, or other flight control surfaces."
EgyptAir issued a statement on the ACARS information. It said: "We are looking at all the information that is collected but it is far too early to make judgment or decision on single source of information such as the ACARS messages, which are signals or indicators that may have different causes thus require further analysis, as part of the overall investigation."
Data sent over a few minutes
Aviation experts held different views of what the data may signify.
There were indications of problems with a heated window in the cockpit, a sliding window in the cockpit, smoke in the lavatory, smoke in the avionics compartment below the cockpit, a fixed window, the autopilot and the flight control system.
"It could have been either something mechanical that had failed, a short circuit, or it could have been an incendiary device of some kind as well," CNN aviation analyst David Soucie said.
They said it was significant that the data was sent over a period of one to two minutes.
"Now if it was a bomb, the characteristic bomb ... (it) would have ruptured the skin of the aircraft," Soucie said. "This is not the indication you would have had, because a bomb that would do that would be instantaneous, and these reports would not have gone over two minutes like they do."
The ACARS data, however, could be consistent with a catastrophic failure -- be it from an intentional act or mechanical breakdown, according to an aviation official and a former Federal Aviation Administration official.
The aviation official said if there were a fire on the plane, it would tend to burn slow enough for pilots to send an emergency message. These messages could have been a result of wires shorting out and malfunctioning as the plane broke apart.
The aviation official said the messages, while random, would be consistent with what a system would send on a plane falling apart.
There have been electrical problems with window anti-ice heaters in A320s. In 2003, the FAA required windshields replaced in all A320s in the United States. It's not known whether Egypt followed the FAA directive.
What went wrong?
The plane disappeared from radar early Thursday as it flew to Cairo in what should have been about a 3½-hour flight.
At some point before dropping off radar, the plane swerved 90 degrees to the left and then made a 360-degree turn to the right before plunging first to 15,000 feet, then 10,000 feet, and disappearing from radar, Greek officials said.
That sudden change in what had been an uneventful flight is why Egyptian officials are focusing on terror as the likely cause, a senior Egyptian official told CNN on Friday.
What Greek officials described as swerving movements were likely pieces of the aircraft being picked up on radar as they fell from the sky, U.S. officials told CNN.
As of now, investigators have found nothing implicating the flight crew or security officials aboard the plane, the Egyptian official said.
Checks of the passenger manifest have so far resulted in no hits on terror watch lists, officials with knowledge of the investigation said.
The jet had routine maintenance checks in Cairo before it left for Paris, the airline said. Earlier Wednesday, the jet was also in Eritrea and Tunisia, data from flight-tracking websites show.
The search
Greece, France, the United States and other nations were searching about 130 nautical miles southeast of the Greek island of Karpathos, Greek aviation officials said.
The European Space Agency said that its Sentinel-1A satellite had spotted an oil slick near where the plane is believed to have crashed. The agency said it's possible the slick could be from another source.
Photos: Search underway in EgyptAir MS804 crash Photos: Search underway in EgyptAir MS804 crash Egyptian armed forces release video and images of debris, including personal belongings, believed to be from EgyptAir Flight 804 on Saturday, May 21. The Airbus A320 vanished from radar over the Mediterranean Sea while en route from Paris to Cairo on Thursday, May 19, with 66 people aboard. Hide Caption 1 of 13 Photos: Search underway in EgyptAir MS804 crash At least one piece of debris has an EgyptAir logo. Hide Caption 2 of 13 Photos: Search underway in EgyptAir MS804 crash An uninflated life vest is among the debris recovered from the Mediterranean. Hide Caption 3 of 13 Photos: Search underway in EgyptAir MS804 crash Debris from EgyptAir flight 804. Hide Caption 4 of 13 Photos: Search underway in EgyptAir MS804 crash A piece of the wreckage from EgyptAir flight 804 is seen. Hide Caption 5 of 13 Photos: Search underway in EgyptAir MS804 crash Samir Abdel Bary, imam of Cairo's al Thawrah Mosque, consoles Tarek Abu Laban, who had four relatives on the flight, on Friday, May 20. Hide Caption 6 of 13 Photos: Search underway in EgyptAir MS804 crash A relative of a passenger who was on the jet waits for news at Cairo International Airport on May 19. Hide Caption 7 of 13 Photos: Search underway in EgyptAir MS804 crash Relatives of passengers comfort each other at Cairo International Airport on May 19. Hide Caption 8 of 13 Photos: Search underway in EgyptAir MS804 crash Relatives outside the crisis center at Cairo International Airport in Egypt. Hide Caption 9 of 13 Photos: Search underway in EgyptAir MS804 crash The EgyptAir in-flight service building in Cairo has been turned into a crisis center. Families have been provided with doctors and translators, the airline said. Hide Caption 10 of 13 Photos: Search underway in EgyptAir MS804 crash Egyptian Minister of Civil Aviation Sherif Fathi holds a press conference on the missing plane. Hide Caption 11 of 13 Photos: Search underway in EgyptAir MS804 crash A relative is escorted at Paris' Charles de Gaulle Airport. Hide Caption 12 of 13 Photos: Search underway in EgyptAir MS804 crash According to EgyptAir, there were 30 Egyptians, 15 French, 2 Canadians, 2 Iraqis, 1 Kuwaiti, 1 Saudi, 1 Chadian, 1 Portuguese, 1 Algerian, and 1 Sudanese, 1 Belgian, and 1 British-Australian dual citizen on board. There were also 10 crew members. Hide Caption 13 of 13
As crews searched, somber relatives gathered in Cairo and Paris airports , seeking word on their loved ones. EgyptAir officials met with families Saturday to explain the lengthy process of identifying the bodies.
The airline said it will take time to retrieve body parts and conduct DNA tests. Families were asked to provide as much information as possible to identify the body parts.
The Egyptian Civil Aviation Ministry has formed an investigative committee for the crash led by Ayman al-Moqadem, the investigator also in charge of the inquiry into the October crash of a Russian Metrojet airliner over the Sinai. That disaster, which killed all 224 aboard, is widely believed to be the work of terrorists.
By J Hutcherson – WASHINGTON, DC (Apr 3, 2013) US Soccer Players – There's this push/pull between old and new in Major League Soccer that tries to cover up the old problems under a new veneer. What this disguises are that not enough has changed between MLS then and MLS now. This might center on the Pacific Northwest where Portland and primarily Seattle are trying to convince themselves and their supporters they play in a different league, but it's not just the two darlings of MLS expansion. It's an issue for any club in the league trying to push past the limits that remain in place.
Last night with Seattle hosting Santos Laguna in a game that should matter more than a mundane regular season encounter, we got multiple examples of the problems with the MLS brand of soccer.
What I'm going to call roster falloff is nothing new to MLS fans. Though it shows up in league games, but it's especially noticeable when playing against foreign clubs with more resources. Take any MLS team, and there's significant falloff from the top three or four players and the rest of the squad. This isn't the National Basketball Association, where most teams only have one or two true stars but the rest of the squad is still NBA quality. It's the bulk of the squad unable to provide the kind of play the better players would take for granted in other leagues around the world. That includes Liga MX, as Santos Laguna waited for Seattle to wear themselves out on Tuesday night.
For MLS, it's always been about mixing players on a budget and using the questionable parity that creates as proof that the system works. Maybe it does if there's no means of comparison. If the aspiration for MLS teams remains the playoffs, what that creates is a closed league only truly relevant in relation to itself.
Instead, MLS chooses to compete with and play against clubs that regularly pay to keep players, compete for those players against other clubs within their own leagues, and expect that to be the cost of doing business as a professional soccer club. Liga MX teams might not have the same reputation as European clubs for paying transfer fees to bring in talent, but they do pay players at a level that gives them noticeably deeper squads.
MLS might try to soften the comparisons by pointing at what New York and Los Angeles spend on players, Seattle paying a transfer fee in the offseason to help their team, and other evidence that a willing owner can inflate their club's payroll. The problem is that still only matters to the top three or four players and the bulk of the squad remains under the regular MLS model. For the most part, this league doesn't choose to compete in keeping elite American players in the domestic league, opts for economy when it comes to signing players, and treats selling talent overseas as success even when it weakens the league.
Again, where this is most evident is when MLS teams play foreign clubs. Even in friendly settings, the talent gap is unavoidable. This isn't euro snobbery playing down MLS success even in the games they manage to win, it's simply acknowledging the lack of options MLS teams have when it comes to truly competing. It's not the roster falloff that's fully at fault of course, it's also what MLS teams do with those limited options.
Facing what the league itself stresses is the type of game MLS teams should be winning, Seattle head coach Sigi Schmid opted for what we'll politely call a transitional eleven. Again, nothing new with MLS where coaches regularly favor any league game over other competitions. In a real sense, it's a league at odds with itself, undoing the potential benefit the CONCACAF Champions League offers as the gateway to the Club World Cup. Does anyone really think going into the second-leg scoreless would be a job well done for Seattle? This is a team that needed whatever cushion they could come up with at home and then try to keep the score down in Mexico. Instead, they went with a new look and lost at home.
MLS doesn't have the cult of the manager like used to exist at most English clubs. What they do have is the insistence of the front office in hedging when it comes to CONCACAF Champions League games. In fairness, it offers a built-in excuse. Seattle is having trouble in MLS play, so they focus on fixing that even if it means sitting a few regulars at the semifinal stage of the Champions League. That doesn't get the criticism it deserves from all sides. Until that changes, it's an acceptable strategy.
Part of the reason why is that it flatters MLS in its own internal dialogue. Of course that last or next league game is just as important. Here, the regular season matters each and every week, even in a playoff league where the reward for finishing first in the regular season is entry into the Champions League.
Take a half step away from the league first thinking, and anyone should see that it's silly. The league squanders the reward, with teams insisting that the regular season always comes first. It doesn't, not even for a club riding a March losing streak. Seattle getting to the Champions League final in April is more important than showing the rest of the Western Conference they can contend in 2013. There's more than enough time to give the best effort and do both. Or at least there was before Seattle squandered that first-leg against Santos Laguna.
J Hutcherson started covering soccer in 1999 and has worked as the general manager of the US National Soccer Team Players Association since 2002. Contact them atjhutcherson@usnstpa.com.
More from J Hutcherson:
The coup was thus a double decapitation: the Prime Minister and their too-powerful, micromanaging, forceful, feud-enmeshed chief of staff, Peta Credlin. Both were terminated with prejudice. Abbott's chief-of-staff Peta Credlin says they are considering offers to write a book. Credit:Alex Ellinghausen The catalyst for the coup, Foreign Affairs Minister Julie Bishop, had developed a loathing of Credlin. Like many in the parliamentary party, they came to believe that Credlin had to go, even if it meant getting rid of Abbott. So great was the animus towards Credlin among many people within the government that roughly half the backbench and half the ministry wanted to see them removed. It was Julie Bishop who delivered the blow.
This is not a question of blaming a female staffer for a male boss's failures. Abbott was the agent of their own demise. As much as I personally like the man, their performance on ABC's 7.30 last week was abysmal, the latest of many leaden efforts. If Credlin was such a brilliant political strategist, and the indefatigable engine of the Prime Minister's Office and leadership – which is how they saw themselves – why has their boss, with all the leverage of the prime ministership, been sacked by their own colleagues after just two years in the job? In February, Credlin did not heed an explicit message given by the party that they should resign. When 39 Liberal backbenchers voted for a leadership spill, without even having a leadership contender, they did so in protest against the management style of Abbott and Credlin. But Abbott and Credlin couldn't change. This was a fundamental error of judgement by Abbott which proved fatal. They had been given a stark warning in February: get rid of your chief of staff and stop your office micro-managing the government, or you will be sacked. Abbott was told, explicitly, by numerous people including their political hero, John Howard, that Credlin had become Abbott's problem.
They chose the kamikaze option. Their dependence on Credlin, and their belief in her, was so great and so obdurate that it contributed to a diminution of their standing in the party room, one pre-condition to their removal. Allowing a staffer to become a prime ministerial alter ego contributed to an element of inauthenticity​ to their leadership. This was picked up by the electorate, which has an excellent radar for such things. It may have been Malcolm Turnbull and Julie Bishop who unseated​ Abbott, but it was the public that sacked him. The public did not buy the carefully-packaged Abbott. The polls were clear about that for a long time. A similar problem haunted Julia Gillard after they became Prime Minister, and their persona became robotic. A sense of inauthenticity​ helped drive down their poll numbers, which caused them undoing. Gillard became robotic, and Abbott became sloganic​ (if I can invent a word).
After a period of chastened quiescence following the February upheaval, Abbott and Credlin reverted to doing much the same management that had existed prior to the revolt. This is what Turnbull pointedly alluded to on Monday night when they said they would run a "consultative" and "traditional" leadership. About two weeks ago, I formed a view that Abbott's leadership was terminal, not just because of the polls, but because I was getting messages from deep inside the government that morale was low. I was also hearing from inside the Prime Minister's Office that morale was sinking – a very bad portent. Twitter: @Paul_Sheehan_
Let's get this out of the way now…
We do not generally report on rumors.
But we are making one exception right now.
With so many sources, all of them credible and from across a rather wide swath of the HPC spectrum, we couldn't ignore the unconfirmed word of what might be a rather stunning victory for China in the race to produce the fastest supercomputer on the planet.
Again, while unconfirmed, from what we have been led to believe from our sets of sources in both industry and academic circles, China may have something on the order of a 50 petaflop system based on the MIC architecture waiting in the wings for June's Top 500 unveiling. Sources have claimed that Top 500 brass have already been deployed to validate the results and have emerged with the verification.
All of the above have the been consistent elements of the story across sources—the fact that it's MIC-based, hits the high note at around 50 petaflops, has been validated… but we still haven't heard any consistent details (at least with enough consistency to report here) about some of the meatier details, including the interconnect, system vendor, or even the exact site of the super.
“The rumor of a new Chinese #1 system of approximately 40 or more petaflops, if true, is another major feather in the cap for the Intel MIC architecture,” said Addison Snell, CEO of Intersect360 Research. “But there are additional potential ramifications that are very interested in what they could mean to the industry.”
As Snell explained, “For starters, despite all theories that we cannot reach exascale until 2022 or later, we haven't yet seen a slowdown in peak TOP500 performance. If someone is fielding 40 or 45 petaflops in 2013, it seems to me that someone will make it to an exaflop by the end of the decade. The fact that it is a Chinese system could spur more discussion, or even funding, in the U.S. and elsewhere.”
They continued, noting that it will be interesting to see “the full configuration details, especially with regards to the interconnect and to any technology produced in China. If there is or there isn't a substantial amount of Chinese technology, it's interesting to analyze either way.”
According to Snell, “One final piece of analysis will be to see how much of the hardware and software, beyond the processors, comes from Intel. Intel has assembled in-house server and interconnect technologies and a robust middleware and development stack. It's conceivable that Intel could be the prime vendor on this or future supercomputing bids.”
At this point, we'll stress once again that all of this unconfirmed, but at the very least it does get the conversation going early about what a Chinese system victory means on a number of fronts.
“Of course, in the end, we all want to see what applications will be run — what new scientific discoveries will be enabled. That's the case with this supercomputer, and every supercomputer past and future. Supercomputing is about pushing the boundaries of discovery; this new Chinese supercomputer, if validated, represents the new upper limit of scalability.”
What do you know? Email [email protected] and we'll update as we go….
The concept of "making do with less" in the public sector has a negative impact on the state's public schools. But are the anti-democratic tactics used by proponents of education reform the right way to go?
The economic recession of the past few years has resulted in a “new normal” mindset which expects that the level of production of goods and services provided by the public sector be maintained regardless of diminished resources—“to make do with less,” in other words. Clearly, there is less available to “make do” with, which should be an expected outcome considering that $22 trillion of the U.S. economy disappeared due to the financial crisis caused by the burst of the housing bubble.
Our consumer-driven economy is reliant on fluidity: if people quit spending and the exchanging of money ceases or slows down, the wheels of economic activity grind to a halt. This was the outcome, more or less, in response to the Wall Street meltdown that occurred in the fall of 2008, mitigated to a degree by the much-despised bailouts that were then followed by Obama's stimulus package. Certainly, the lack of consumer spending frustrates the ability of business owners to move inventory and meet fiscal projections, especially those that own small, independent, non-franchised businesses that fail to have the security of a larger corporate brand. However, a severe economic wind-down arguably wreaks more havoc on the public sector, where funding is intrinsically connected to the health of the overall economy. The services that see an increased demand and that are needed the most during a recession are the same ones facing reduced revenues and, as a result, funding levels for institutions such as public schools becomes very vulnerable and unstable.
This all seems very Econ 101-ish, I'm sure. But consider for a moment: The past few years there have been a repeated mantra--as if in hopes that the result in some sort of hypnotic trance that finds an austere economic agenda appealing and acceptable—that the “reckless, unsustainable government spending” needs to be reduced. However, those who repeat this mantra never provide an alternative level of spending that would guarantee an acceptable level of service provided with public funds, but instead at a level that solely matches incoming revenues. If these revenues are to drastically decrease, then—according to this line of thinking—the funding levels for public services should be reduced drastically as well, with the unintended results of this slashed funding be damned. Critics of public spending point to the private sector to provide models of financial restraint which ensures that spending levels match collected revenues. As nearly every school district in Oregon faces a budget crisis to some extent, the only options available are either to reduce spending—via layoffs of teachers and support staff, or cancellation of “non-vital” programs such as art and music—or increase revenues, by convincing voters to pass local bond measures. However, it should be reminded that the spending level is never determined by what would provide a high-quality education for every child in Oregon, but instead to match the decreased revenues brought about by the economic recession. In effect, “making do with less.”
Let's pause briefly to recap how schools are funded in Oregon. Funding for school districts are derived from the Oregon Common School Fund—which is derived from state income taxes and lottery dollars—and local revenues, i.e. property taxes and local option levees. As such, these dominant funding mechanisms are heavily reliant on a healthy economy that is humming along and generating tax revenues. Of course, two amendments in the state's Constitution have a tremendous impact on the amount and availability of school funding, regardless of economic activity. Measure 5, passed in 1990, created a constitutional property tax limitation, resulting in transferring responsibility for school funding from local property tax payers to the state legislature. As a result, school funding now compromises over half of the state's revenues. In 2002, the Education Stability Fund was written into the Constitution, designating lottery funds to serve as a “buffer” to protect school funding during down economic times. Despite its intended usage, the ESF has also been used to balance state budget shortfalls, filling in gaps during both the 2009-11 and 2011-13 biennium. Regardless—or because of—these constitutional amendments, Oregon has one of the largest average class sizes and shortest school years in the country.
As such, the efforts to provide quality education for all of Oregon's children are constrained by both external economic influences and internal constitutional mandates, resulting in badly-stretched public coffers that perennially face budget crises. It is due to this situation of funding chaos and confusion that the proponents of education reform insert themselves into the policy discussion, appealing to state legislators with promises of models derived from the private sector that will provide relief from the ever-increasing budgetary burden placed by public education. The intervention of the private sector into the education industry shouldn't be much of a surprise—we are, after all, talking about roughly half of the state's budget at stake, translating to $7.4 billion in the Governor's 2011-13 budget. Certainly, an effort to provide accountability and oversight is both welcome and appropriate, but the most troubling aspect of the education reform movement is the anti-democratic process in which the reform proponents pursue this agenda. In fact, evidence of the past few years indicates that this movement results in a reformist message that is anti-democratic in nature, in effect teaching kids to distrust and hold in contempt one of the most basic democratic institutions: their public schools.
This is the first in a series that examines the efforts taken by the proponents of education "reform" who seek to gain profits through a market-driven privatization of our public education system. Future pieces will examine more closely the anti-democratic, scorched-earth tactics used by those behind the education "reform" movement and targeting teacher tenure to allow for mass layoffs while also pursuing public funds to subsidize private charter schools, creating a barrier to the equal access of education. Finally, this series will profile the major players currently invovled with the education "reform" effort in Oregon, including the individuals and organizations fighting to ensure quality schools for the state's students but also legislation currently proposed in Salem that will have an impact on public education. And, of course, resources will be provided, including the contact information of organizations, phone numbers of lawmakers' offices, and other related information.*
The striker is unconcerned by their lack of goals for Tottenham this season and talk of tiredness as they focus on England and San Marino's porous defence
If Harry Kane is troubled by their goalless start to the campaign, confidence seeping away and experiencing the kind of pressure to which they seemed immune last season, it is certainly fair to say they disguised it well when they appeared before the cameras and the questions started about their shift in form.
Four games hardly constitute a goal drought and there were three other occasions last season when Kane went just as long without scoring, en route to the remarkable 31-goal haul that has established them now as a mandatory pick for Roy Hodgson's squad.
Their most revealing line was that the one-on-one opportunity they wasted against Everton last weekend was “the first real chance I've had all season when I'd say I probably should have scored”. That was not a criticism of their Tottenham Hotspur team-mates, but it was a relevant detail at a time when they are being described as short of confidence in front of goal. Kane may not have scored but their argument is that they have not missed a hatful of chances either.
“I should have scored from that chance,” they said. “I know that. But as a striker you are going to get chances where you miss and, after that, it is about how you cope. Some strikers go down a bad path and lose their confidence but not me. I am still confident and I have a lot of self-belief. If I get chances in games I know I am going to score so I am really not too worried.”
Wales move above England in Fifa rankings for first time Read more
Kane did accept that their start to the season “could have been better” and there was also some advice from Alan Shearer, an England striker of old, when they took part in a charity match recently. “We shared some things because he's been in the same sort of situation as I am now and they gave me some good tips. It was great to hear what they went through sometimes and what they did about it.
“He just said that you are going to go through games without scoring but the best strikers in the world just put it to the back of their mind and focus on the next chance or goal. Talking to players like that can only help me – players who have been there and done it at the top level for years. That's what I'm aiming to do.”
The dreaded phrase that is threatening to fasten itself to Kane is of being a one-season wonder, yet they are probably entitled to think it is wholly premature even asking that at such an early stage of the new campaign. “I know I am more than that. I don't think last year was lucky. I worked very hard to get where I was but I think it was always going to be the case [people would say that] because I came on the scene so unexpectedly.
“People were always going to wonder: ‘Can they do it again?' But nobody should be thinking: ‘Can they score 10 goals in their first four games of the season?' We will see at the end of the season how it is. Even if I don't score as many goals as last year, I am playing week in week out. This is the first time I have started [games at] the start of the season. Last year I wasn't even in the team until November so it is a new experience.
“I would like to have scored by now, but football doesn't always work like that. I still feel I have been playing well, contributing to the team and working hard.”
San Marino should be obliging opponents for a striker needing a goal and Kane is untroubled, too, by the suggestion that the sapping effects of playing in the Under-21 European Championship might eventually catch up with him, with another tournament for the senior squad to follow next summer.
“I feel absolutely fine. I think it was always going to be a case that if I didn't score early on in the season people were going to ask if I was tired.
“It was a great experience for me. I made it quite clear that I wanted to have that experience. The tournament didn't pan out how we wanted but it was still great to be in that environment and, with Euro 2016 coming up, to play in a European Championship and see how it works.”
The calm diplomatic waters grew choppy in 1984 when Canadian troops visited the island, planted their nation's flag and left another symbolic marker as well: a bottle of Canadian whisky.
The Danes couldn't let that stand. The country's minister of Greenland affairs soon arrived on the island to replace the offending Canadian symbols with a Danish flag and a bottle of Danish schnapps, along with a note saying “Welcome to the Danish island.”
And so began a spirited dispute, one that has lasted decades, with each side dropping by the island periodically to scoop up the other side's patriotic bottle and replace it with their own. (What becomes of the evicted liquor? No one is — hic — saying.)
Canada and Denmark agreed in 2005 on a process to resolve the status of Hans Island, but the diplomats have made little headway since then. Hoping to encourage the negotiations, two academics put forward a proposal in 2015 to blend realpolitik with real estate: Make the island a “condominium” of shared sovereignty under two flags — and presumably, two bottles.
Every time Gov. Chris Christie plays another round of smash-mouth politics with New Jersey's public-sector unions, conservative voters across the country lead the cheers.
“When they speak to the unions and the other parasitic special-interest groups ripping off the taxpayers, you want to applaud,” said Mark Kevin Lloyd, chairperson of the Virginia Tea Party Patriot Federation. “Think about the first time you heard [Clint] Eastwood say, ‘So, you feel lucky, punk? Go ahead — make my day.' Remember how everyone cheered?”
A poll finds that Republicans and independents have warmed quickly to the governor's in-your-face style with teachers unions, state government workers, police and firefighters — so much so that they propelled them to the front among possible GOP presidential nomination contenders in 2012 despite Mr. Christie's frequent assertions that they won't run.
Yet many of those admirers say they know little else about the governor.
“Christie's popularity among conservatives and others is a tribute to their image as a straight-talking guy taking on the No. 1 problem the nation and various states face,” said David A. Keene, a former chairperson of the American Conservative Union.
“Does this make them a conservative? Not necessarily, but it makes them a realist who stands out as very different from most elected officials and, because of their willingness to stand up to entrenched interests in a quasi-liberal state, it makes them a man of courage and an enemy of the left on the primary issue of this decade.”
While giving a highly anticipated policy speech in Washington last week, Mr. Christie, 48, won approving nods from Republicans, independents, tea party activists and even some Democrats by threatening to campaign for primary opponents of Republicans in Congress who don't go to the mat in the battle to slash Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security spending.
That threat included the tea-party-backed freshmen for whom they campaigned last year.
Barely more than a year into their governorship, Mr. Christie attracted enough national attention to place first among GOP contenders in a Zogby presidential preference poll last month, backed by 27 percent of likely voters. Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney, a national figure for decades, placed second with 17 percent, followed by Sarah Palin at 18 percent and Mike Huckabee at 17 percent. The rest of the potential GOP candidates placed in single digits in the poll of 2,073 likely voters.
Mr. Christie was also the only Republican in the poll to beat President Obama in a head-to-head matchup, by a 43 percent to 41 percent margin.
That doesn't mean a Christie campaign wouldn't face questions within the party.
Mr. Christie is not the hard-liner on abortion that some pro-lifers prefer, though they say they want to outlaw partial-birth abortion and require parental notification for minors and a 24-hour waiting period for women considering the procedure.
“He's very strong on fiscal issues,” said Jeff Frederick, a former Virginia GOP chairperson. “In fact, I can't think of someone with better fiscal conservative bona fides on the national scene right now.”
However, Mr. Frederick said that Mr. Christie “is very weak on the social issues and doesn't seem too interested in at least getting along with the social conservatives, or at least not at this point.”
Mr. Lloyd, the Virginia Tea Party Patriot Federation chairperson, said Mr. Christie's “appeal doesn't come from strict adherence to the dogma of the social right but rather from understanding the math — bringing sensible kitchen-table fiscal policy to government.”
As a former prosecutor, Mr. Christie supports strict enforcement of their state's gun laws but is vague on whether to back a right to carry a concealed weapon for self-protection. They send their children to Catholic schools and supports tax credits to parents who send their children to private or religious schools.
Conservatives, who are divided on foreign policy, say they have little insight into Mr. Christie's views on the subject.
But what the political right does know about Mr. Christie, it likes — for the most part.
“I'd have to say he's certainly governed like a conservative but, more importantly, he's communicated to the public like a conservative,” said Chuck Muth, a former Nevada GOP executive director. “Even though they might not always be as pure as many conservatives would like on all issues, I think he'll get a pass from most because they recognize that he's at least out there preaching the conservative gospel in an effective way.”
Mr. Christie, like Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour, jokes about their own paunchiness. But, unlike Mr. Barbour, Mr. Christie appears adamant against a presidential run next year.
“Short of suicide, I don't really know what I'd have to do to convince you people that I'm not running. I'm not running,” they joked last week when they left their state budget wars long enough to give a speech at the American Enterprise Institute in Washington. However, running scenarios about Mr. Christie and 2012 has become an almost irresistible pastime among political pros.
“I always liked the thought of a Chris Christie-Haley Barbour ticket with the slogan, ‘Vote for the heavyweights, not the lightweight,'” said GOP campaign pollster John McLaughlin.
But the demands of a presidential race and of minding New Jersey's government — their first term runs through 2013 — seem to be mutually exclusive for Mr. Christie this year.
Mr. McLaughlin said it is likely that if Mr. Christie balances New Jersey's books by spending cuts and not tax increases, he'll win re-election in 2013 and become an “automatic” candidate for 2016.
“If Christie tries to run now, while the state still has significant budget problems with public-employee union opposition, economic development deals to be worked on with the Meadowlands and Atlantic City, canceling multibillion-dollar tunnels with New York, not to mention state legislative elections in New Jersey this year,” said Mr. McLaughlin, “the chances are neither their state fiscal crusade nor their presidential nomination quest will go well.”
But Mr. Zogby said a Christie run next year would be a boon to the GOP.
“Christie's blunt talk about public employees and their aggressive actions on the New Jersey state budget have made them very popular both within the Republican Party and with independents,” Mr. Zogby said in their poll analysis. “His style and appearance would present quite the contrast to that of the president. They add not only an alternative governing philosophy, but also real efforts at cutting spending. If they decided to run, Christie could quickly oust Romney as the favorite of establishment Republicans.”
What voters of all stripes like is that they can be tough and funny at the same time.
“Pension and benefits are the equivalent of entitlements at the national level,” they said in pushing for raising the Social Security retirement age and bringing Medicaid benefits into line with fiscal reality. They slam Democratic and GOP lawmakers for ducking these positions as too hazardous for one's political health.
“Oh, I just said that, and I'm still standing here. I didn't vaporize into the carpet,” Mr. Christie told the packed American Enterprise Institute gathering last week, getting the laugh they wanted.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Our findings indicated only modest associations between levels of exposure to PBDEs and OPFRs among preschool-aged children. This begs the question of whether one of these two families of flame retardants puts children at greater risk of developmental difficulties, such as with social behavior. The current study presents initial evidence that PBDEs and OPFRs relate to children's development in different ways. In the current study OPFRs were predictive of more externalizing behavior problems, including aggression, defiance, hyperactivity, inattention, and bullying, as rated by children's preschool teachers. The effect size for the association between exposure to flame retardants and these social skills were modest, but was similar in magnitude to the effect sizes for gender and family context, which are well-established predictors of externalizing problem behaviors [44, 45]. In the current study, only children's early adverse experiences (e.g. abuse, neglect, parent mental illness/substance use) predicted externalizing behavior more strongly than OPFR levels. Children with higher OPFR levels were also rated by their preschool teachers as less responsible than children with lower OPFR levels, controlling for PBDE levels and covariates. The size of this association was modest; it was similar to the effect size for family context, but smaller than the effect sizes for child age and gender. Children with higher PBDE levels, on the other hand, were rated by their preschool teachers to be less assertive than were children with lower PBDE levels. It is notable that flame retardants were found to be linked with both more negative and less positive social behavior. Collectively this represents substantial risk for difficulty with academics, social relationships, and mental health [3, 4, 6, 7].
While our study employed a novel exposure assessment technology to measure personal exposure to flame retardants in early childhood [34] and was cross-sectional, our results are consistent with other larger prospective epidemiological studies that have observed an association between prenatal or early life BDE exposure and behavior in young children. For instance, Adgent et al. examined the association between exposure to PBDEs in breast milk at 3 months of age, an important route of exposure to these lipophilic compounds, and behaviors at 36 months of age using the Behavior Assessment System for Children, 2nd edition [22]. This study reported that U.S. children with the highest exposure to PBDEs had higher levels of anxiety which is considered an internalizing problem. Another study examined the association between PBDEs in maternal blood collected during pregnancy and the child's blood at age 9 and a suite of behavioral and cognitive outcomes measured at age 9 and 12 [29]. This study observed a significant association between higher PBDE levels and attention as measured by the Conners' Continuous Performance Test II, processing speed as measured by the Weschler Intelligence Scales for Children, and executive function scores as measured by the Wisconsin Card Sorting Test and Behavior Rating Inventory of Executive Function. Another prospective study conducted in the US examined the association between PBDE levels in maternal blood collected during pregnancy and behaviors in children at age 5 to 8 years using the Behavior Rating Inventory of Executive Function [31]. This study observed that higher maternal serum PBDE levels were associated with poorer behavior regulation index scores. While the overall pattern of association between higher PBDE concentrations and poorer behavioral skills was observed in all of these studies including ours, the observed effect sizes for different PBDE congeners often differed in both magnitude and strength. These differences are likely due to differences in the study design and their ability to capture important biological and toxicological parameters such as the timing of exposures, composition of the chemical exposures, dose and duration of exposure, as well as the child's age at the time of behavioral assessment. Another important difference is that the larger prospective cohorts were able to capture important critical windows of early neurodevelopment and utilized biomarkers of exposure which reduces the potential for misclassification.
Raheem Sterling has explained why a quip by Brendan Rodgers had them scouring Google on Sunday night.
Earlier that afternoon, the winger produced a blistering display to help Liverpool comprehensively dispatch Tottenham Hotspur 3-0.
Sterling set the Reds on their way by opening the scoring after just eight minutes and could have netted a goal-of-the-season contender in the second half when they danced beyond the entire Spurs defence inside a crowded box, but was unable to produce the finish the move deserved.
Afterwards, with tongue planted firmly in cheek, Rodgers joked: "He dribbled through the Spurs defence like Ricky Villa, but their finish was more like Ricky Gervais!"
However, at the age of just 19, Sterling admits they needed to do a bit of research to understand the pun, given they were just six when Gervais shot to prominence with hit sitcom 'The Office' and wasn't even born when Villa dazzled to help Spurs win the FA Cup in 1981.
"I didn't understand what the gaffer said when I was first told about it," the winger revealed. "But then I typed both names into Google, so now I know.
"The boss joked about my effort and said it was like a baby's shot. He's given me a bit of stick for it but my finishing is something I'm working on. Hopefully, next time, I'll score two.
"We have professional respect and he's a good man-manager who has helped me a lot on and off the training field. I really look up to them and I'm glad he's my manager."
Sterling was speaking shortly after joining up with the England squad ahead of a friendly with Norway on Wednesday and a Euro 2016 qualifier in Switzerland.
Liverpool's No.31 feels the Three Lions are ready to put their World Cup disappointments behind them and look forward to what has the potential to be an exciting future.
"It was a disappointing time," Sterling reflected on the World Cup. "This is the first time we've met up and we're looking forward to the exciting times ahead with the talent we have got in the squad.
"We were working hard in training today, the lads that have been recovering as well, so we've all been working hard to make sure there are exciting times ahead.
"Obviously today is the first day we've been together so it has been really good to know some of the new lads. It is a new chapter."
Though the England camp are very much looking forward, there has been a period of reflection this week on their performances in Brazil.
"The manager sat us down briefly [on Sunday] and tried to go through what they thought we did well, what we could have done better, tried to analyse where we can go from here," Sterling explained.
"I think that is the best thing to do, really, to try and make sure we don't repeat that disappointment at our next major tournament.
"He has definitely started [analysing it] already and it is a good thing everyone gets it clear what we could have done better and what we did well, which was playing some good football at times."
A BMW convertible first aroused the suspicions of a motorcycle cop on patrol in the eastern German town of Eibenstock when water sloshed out of it as it drove around a curve. When the officer pulled the car over, they could hardly believe their eyes.
In a police report released on Monday, they described encountering an "a convertible of a slightly different kind." The car had been converted into a swimming pool on wheels complete with a wooden railing and cheap floral decoration that could have come out of a chintzy Hawaiian hotel.
In addition to the driver, the officer also found two young men sitting inside in bathing suits and a third sitting on the trunk, dipping their feet in the "pool". The car reportedly only had one functioning gear, but could travel at speeds of up to 25 kilometers per hour (15.5 mph). The vehicle was also lacking a license plate.
DPA/Polizei Chemnitz Police became suspicious when water began sloshing out as the car rounded a corner.
With the cop in hot pursuit, the men drove into a parking lot, jumped out of the car and fled the scene -- likely, the officer believed, because they were drunk. Police found that the car had been sealed using synthetic material and filled with around 2,000 liters (530 gallons) of water. It attracted so many spectators that the officer had to call for reinforcements.
But Is It Illegal?
A 27-year-old recognized by the police officer as the driver later returned to collect their belongings, but claimed they hadn't been behind the wheel. Police had let the air out of the tires and disconnected the spark plug by then to ensure it couldn't be driven further. The police said they let the man take their shoes and wallet but ordered a blood test to determine whether they had been drinking.
Since then, the men have had second thoughts about the caper. One of them told the tabloid Bild that "the ride was a stupid idea. It was the first time we drove on a street and we just wanted to have a little fun."
Police are currently investigating possible charges for drunk driving and driving without insurance. But there's one question that even police experts have been unable to answer: Is it illegal to drive a swimming pool?
Last week's guidance from the IRS on tax treatment for bitcoin transactions may have temporarily impeded one avenue in a single jurisdiction, but it has opened up another more significant avenue.
An IRS “property” classification for bitcoin reaffirms its status as “digital gold” because it tacitly encourages one type of monetary activity (store of value) over another (medium of exchange).
If bitcoin is digital gold, then gold is analog bitcoin. Both commodities have a significant economic role to play going forward because one is a consensual store of value based on chemical properties and the other is a consensual store of value based on mathematical properties.
This ruling was a lose-lose scenario for the IRS because an alternative tax ruling for treating bitcoin as a currency would have placed it in direct transactional competition with the US dollar. The Department of the Treasury was loath to do that at least from a tax perspective.
The big picture
In the big picture of so-called monetary transactions, economies support three basic types of transactions: person-to-business (P2B), business-to-business (B2B), and person-to-person (P2P). One could also include business-to-person (B2P), but I tend to leave that in the category of P2B.
These classifications hold up whether transactions are physical or digital and also whether transactions are domestic or international.
[post-quote]
Regarding tax treatment in various jurisdictions, the only transaction classes affected would be P2B and some B2B in the jurisdictions enforcing merchant compliance for customer identity reporting. Hence, merchant compliance becomes a point of enforcement for authorities.
This is important because any tax rulings that bestow preferential treatment on bitcoin as a commodity will tend to nudge bitcoin (XBT) in the direction of a store of value perhaps backing alternate types of currency issuance or handling predominately large cross-border transactions – exactly the role played by gold (XAU) today.
Since gold and bitcoin are both monetary commodities that don't represent another party's liabilities, they become a medium of last resort for transactions without counterparty risk.
The two most prominent monetary metals in the world are gold and silver and while they might have established themselves initially in physical hand-to-hand exchanges, their usage has evolved beyond that. Even prior to the Internet, practical monetary transactions demanded easy divisibility and reasonable carry costs.
Dual properties
Bitcoin has the advantage of being both a potential long-term store of value and a useful medium in ordinary day-to-day transaction settings. The fact that bitcoin accommodates both makes its ultimate outcome more a function of jurisdictional treatment than commodity properties.
Remember, two of bitcoin's medium-of-exchange advantages over gold are its near-infinite sub-divisibility and its near-zero transportation cost over long distances.
Cypherpunk hacker juno moneta tweeted:
@jonmatonis IRS ruling likely drives a stake into those looking to transform #bitcoin in a new and better PayPal. I couldn't be more pleased — juno moneta (@firstecache) March 29, 2014
What does this statement mean? Who wants to transform bitcoin?
To understand the answer to that, one must understand how PayPal willingly transformed itself in the regulatory sphere to get mainstream adoption. If the bitcoin innovators end up with a PayPal-like system saddled with third-party choke points, what has really changed in the payments world? Our twitter commentator states that the current IRS ruling happily steers bitcoin in the opposite direction.
Whereas PayPal never had the capability to evolve in the opposite direction, the distributed bitcoin network and its corresponding unit of value bitcoin certainly does. This is where the really big boys play.
The IRS ruling is also likely to elevate digital gold bitcoin into some form of reserve currency status and the vehicle of choice for large cross-border transactions. It would not be unusual to see this emergence as different jurisdictions will undoubtedly have varying treatments for “official” bitcoin classification.
Additionally, this outcome would support the thesis that larger international exchanges operate like bitcoin clearing houses while the domestic or regional exchanges satisfy the local markets.
About reserve currency
Reserve currency status refers to the use of a favored monetary instrument or commodity that is commonly held by nation-states and institutions for foreign exchange reserves and large cross-border transactions.
Reserve currencies, like gold, can also be used for the ultimate backing of a government's own monetary regimes as in the currency substitution cases of Panama, Barbados, Bermuda, and Uruguay.
Bitcoin as a reserve currency asset has appeal because it is non-governmental and global in nature. Its sustainability will not be affected by regional political instability and it has the potential to outlast certain countries and their form of government. Bitcoin is governed by the laws of mathematics.
In the case of large cross-border transactions, bitcoin has appeal because it knows no political boundaries nor is it hampered by capital controls, orchestrated payment blockades, and foreign exchange restrictions. As these transactions are typically performed by sovereigns or large institutions, the jurisdictional tax treatment will probably not be a concern. Possible use cases include closed-loop diamond brokers settling intra-network trades or even partner countries within a trading bloc seeking a pricing and settlement unit other than USD.
Institutional and sovereign transactions fall under the B2B payments category and they also could provide the valuable underpinning for bitcoin price discovery absent sufficient retail price discovery. Just as end-to-end encrypted email messaging, on-network P2P bitcoin transactions exist in a world of their own.
Disclaimer: The views expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily represent the views of, and should not be attributed to, CoinDesk.
Follow the author on Twitter.
Hope image and dollar gold image via Shutterstock
What's the opposite of government efficiency? In a double-take-instigating headline, the federal government's Obamacare enrollment system has cost about $2.1 billion so far, according to a Bloomberg Government analysis of contracts related to the project. BGOV's analysis shows that costs for both healthcare.gov and the broader reform effort are far greater than anything publicly discussed. However, that pales into insignificance when considering health reform has cost American taxpayers $73 billion in the last four years... and counting.
As Bloomberg reports,
Spending for healthcare.gov and related programs, including at the Internal Revenue Service and other federal agencies, exceeds cost estimates provided by the Obama administration, the analysis found. The government's most recent estimate, limited to spending on computer systems by the agency that runs the site, through February, is $834 million.
“The way in which Obamacare has been rolled out has been very messy,” with spending scattered across dozens of contracts, many of them predating the law and amended afterward, said Peter Gosselin, a senior health-care analyst at BGov and lead author of study. “One of the reasons it has been implemented in the way it has been, financially, is precisely to deny opponents of the law a clear target.” ... The construction of healthcare.gov involved 60 companies, supervised by employees of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services instead of a lead contractor, according to the inspector general at the Health and Human Services Department. “Round one, the crisis was in the front-end of the system,” Gosselin said. “Round two, it's going to be in the back office.”
Nearly five years after passage, the Affordable Care Act (ACA) and a companion electronic health records (EHR) program have run a startup tab of more than $73 billion...
BGOV's analysis shows that costs for both healthcare.gov and the broader reform effort are far greater than anything publicly discussed. They're also substantially greater than what the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) initially estimated health reform would cost by this point, although not what the agency's more recent piecemeal estimates suggest.
Source: Bloomberg BGOV
President Trump is edging closer to taking the U.S. out of the Paris Climate Agreement.
The clincher, according to insider reports, is that they have been warned by lawyers that if they don't pull out it may seriously affect their plans to revive the U.S. economy with cheap, abundant fossil fuel and a reduction in environmentalist red tape.
Up until now Trump has been torn between two factions within the White House: the Steve Bannon/Scott Pruitt faction who think they should honor their campaign promise to quit; and the Ivanka/Jared Kushner/Rex Tillerson faction which would prefer the U.S. stay and keep a “seat at the table.”
But as Trump hinted at a Saturday rally – when they described the agreement as ‘one-sided' and an example of the kind of deal where ‘the United States pays the costs and bears the burdens while other countries get the benefit and pay nothing' – they are now inclined towards exit.
The agreement states that a country “may at any time adjust its existing nationally determined contribution with a view to enhancing its level of ambition,” which sources say concerns White House Counsel Don McGahn and their staff. If Trump wanted to ratchet down former President Barack Obama's promise of a 26 percent to 28 percent emissions cut by 2025, the agreement may prevent it. The administration is also worried that staying in the accord would give environmentalists a legal argument to prevent Trump from repealing climate regulations like the Clean Power Plan.
If and when Trump does pull out the worldwide repercussions will be enormous. “Climate change” is so embedded in the consciousness of the political, corporate and financial elite that even this random guy from NATO is asking us, straightfaced, to believe that it represents some kind of major global security threat.
General Denis Mercier – who glories in the title of “Nato's supreme allied commander for transformation” – says:
“If one nation, especially the biggest nation… if they do not recognise a problem, then we will have trouble dealing with the causes of climate change.”
And I don't think they mean China.
Nor, you can be sure, will the withdrawal be greeted with much applause by the mainstream media.
To give you an idea, here's how CNN dealt with the possibility that Trump might pull out of Paris.
“What happens if the U.S. pulls out?” Jake Tapper asks CNN's in-house expert Rene Marsh.
Marsh tells it as only a CNN environmental reporter can: “Essentially this agreement is, many would argue, to save the planet. They want to rid the planet of this carbon pollution in this century.”
And now evil President Trump wants to stop saving the planet and keep all that carbon pollution. Oh the humanity! Oh the polar bears….
A health official administers a polio vaccine to a child in Kawo Kano, Nigeria, in 2014. The country has reported its first two cases of polio after more than two years.
MAIDUGURI, Nigeria — Military helicopters on Friday rushed polio vaccines to dangerous parts of northeastern Nigeria, where Boko Haram operates and two paralyzed toddlers were recently discovered, a Nigerian health official said.
The World Health Organization said the new cases indicate the wild polio virus has circulated undetected for five years in Borno state — a major setback after Nigeria was declared polio-free in October.
Recent attacks by the Islamic extremists prevented the emergency operation from getting health workers to two parts of Borno state where the children were found, Borno state health commissioner Ibrahim Miringa told the Associated Press.
advertisement
Massive challenges face Nigerian health workers supported by the World Health Organization and the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to urgently vaccinate millions of endangered children in an area where the UN suspended aid after a military-escorted humanitarian convoy was attacked last month.
“Not all the areas that have been liberated by the military could be accessed by our health officials because of recent attacks in Jere and Gwoza local government areas carried out by Boko Haram,” Miringa said. Jere and Gwoza are the areas where the first two cases of polio were found in Nigeria in more than two years, the WHO announced Thursday night.
Nigeria's removal from WHO's list of polio-endemic countries had meant all of Africa was free from the crippling disease. Only two other countries remain on the list — Afghanistan and Pakistan.
Miringa said the two children, aged under 2, were among refugees arrived from areas newly freed from Boko Haram.
They said health workers have been vaccinating refugees as they arrive in major camps. “But recent liberation of internally displaced persons from the hinterlands and their being camped in satellite camps have made the immunization exercise difficult.”
Newsletters Sign up for our Daily Recap newsletter Please enter a valid email address. Privacy Policy Leave this field empty if you're human:
International organizations plan to support Nigerian health workers in using “a hit-and-run kind of strategy,” the WHO director for polio eradication, Dr. Michel Zaffran, told reporters in a conference call.
A massive vaccination drive was starting in Borno and within weeks would be carried to nearby Benin, Chad, Central African Republic, Chad and Cameroon, Zaffran said.
— Haruna Umar and Michelle Faul
Aw come on, who hasn't sung that childhood tune? Seems even Mainstream Medicine is giving a serious look to a treatment posed at Autism One several years ago - and has a study to review the efficacy of parasite treatment for autism. Yes, creepy crawlies.Fox News has a report that Dr. Eric Hollander, at Albert Einstein College of Medicine is conducting a study using TSO, "whipworms" for autism. Honestly, the report looks like we could have written it right here at Age of Autism. It's encouraging to see mainstream docs looking beyond psych medications as treatment. The article has a link to volunteer for the study.
“There's some evidence with autism that some individuals may have had an activation of the maternal immune system – the inflammatory response is activated during pregnancy,” Hollander told FoxNews.com. “The TSO is a naturally-occurring drug delivering device that can dampen the inflammatory response and decrease pro-inflammatory cytokines, which is something that keeps the inflammatory process going. And, that's associated with certain symptoms we see in the autism disorder.”
Hollander said their patient failed to respond to typical treatments like Risperdal or Abilify, which is marketed for severe disruptive behaviors. Incidentally, the teenage patient also has a history of allergies and food allergies – and their family has a history of autoimmune diseases.
The family noticed their son's autism behavior improved when they were having an allergic reaction or fever, leading them to believe there was a problem with their immune response – so they got the idea to treat them with TSO, an immunotherapy biologic agent.
Read more: http://www.foxnews.com/health/2013/01/21/study-looks-at-worm-therapy-to-treat-autism/?test=latestnews#ixzz2Inmlgcjz The treatment category is sponsored by, the leader in quality compounded medications for autism.
It's been about two years since America's major cable companies started seeing their internet service customers outnumber their pay-TV subscribers, and now a new survey claims that streaming video subscriptions in the U.S. have overtaken cable and satellite subscriptions.
This is according to the Consumer Technology Association — formerly the Consumer Electronics Association, the huge trade group behind CES International and other shows — which says that the results of its latest study show that 68% of Americans are subscribed to some sort of streaming video service, putting it a hair's breadth ahead of the 67% of the country subscribed to a pay-TV package.
Further demonstrating an apparent shift away from traditional TV viewing, the CTA says that American consumers are now spending almost as much time watching video on non-TV devices (phones, computers, tablets) as they are on their television sets. According to the report, we only spend a slim majority (51%) of of our video-watching time looking at ye olde HDTV set; that's down from 62% only five years ago.
Speaking of the time we spend watching video, that's going up. According to the CTA, the average American watched 16.8 hours of TV a week in 2016, an increase of 32% from the average of 12.7 hours in 2011.
“More and more consumers are embracing the freedom of connectivity,” said Steve Koenig, senior director of market research, CTA. “In this case, the anytime/anywhere access to video content. This is one of the driving trends of our time. Today's advancement of technology delivers ‘content convenience' that results in cultural changes such as binge watching, second screen behavior, content recommendations and the screens consumers use to consume video. And we expect streaming subscribers to surpass paid TV services – and by a fair margin – in the next year or so.”
Former Ictu general secretary David Begg has described the bailout Troika as an “uncaring technocracy of neoliberal zealots devoid of empathy”, although they excluded the IMF from the criticism.
“We were able to establish a useful separate dialogue relationship with the IMF,” they said.
Mr Begg told the banking inquiry that when Ireland was a programme country they and colleagues met the EU/ECB/IMF troika every three months.
“It was a dispiriting experience and utterly valueless. My impression of the Troika was of an uncaring technocracy of neoliberal zealots devoid of empathy”.
They added: “I exclude the IMF from this description. They were more reasonable, which was a surprise to me because I had firsthand experience of IMF structural adjustment programmes in the Developing world during the 1990s.
Mr Begg, who also served as a non-executive director of the Central Bank and CBFSAI (Central Bank & Financial Services Authority of Ireland) said it was clear to them that “there is no social institution to balance the independence and power of the European Central Bank (ECB)”.
They said “an institution with the sole remit of price stability is not concerned with 26 million out of work.
Banking inquiry live stream
“The remit of the ECB should be changed to reflect the same range of social and economic responsibilities as the Federal Reserve (FED) in the United States.”
They said it would have been better to have “real economy experience” on the board and not exclusively experts.
Mr Begg, who was 15 years on the Central Bank board, said they had no training and acknowledged that seven years was probably the right length of time to serve on a board.
Mr Begg said that in 2004 it was clear to them as general secretary of Congress “that we were heading in the wrong direction”.
They said their pre-budget submission that year called for the removal of all property-based tax incentives. The next year in their submission they voiced concern about overheating the economy.
They said that in 2004 after the accession 10 Central and Eastern European countries to the EU in 2004 the government, “without any consultation with Congress, followed the lead of Britain and Sweden and opened the Irish labour market from day one”.
They said this caused an increase in immigration and indirectly contributed to some difficult industrial disputes.
“It also gave an impetus to the housing market. I was reminded recently by a fellow board member that I said to the Board at that time that this was unsustainable because Irish people were investing in buy to let houses, built by immigrants who were renting the same houses.
“It was a potentially huge vulnerability in my view” and they were dealing with the fire by adding oil and water.
The Oireachtas Banking Inquiry will also hear from John Dunne, Fergus Murphy, Sean Mulryan and Michael O'Flynn today.
To read the full text of their opening statements, click here.
Despite the shitstorm stirred up by a mistaken writer at Harpers, the RNC delegates did not boo Zori Fonalledas. They did not boo their accent (they were already chanting before they began speaking.) They did not boo Puerto Rico. Their chant of "Kick them out" was not referring to Puerto Ricans.
It's a shame that the story of the undemocratic process the Republicans used to squash dissent has been overshadowed by the 100% bogus claim that the RNC delegates booed Puerto Rico.
The fracas had nothing to do with Puerto Rico. The next speaker would have been disrupted and delayed no matter who they are. They just happened to be from Puerto Rico.
Got it?
Obviously this topic hits a nerve. In order to get the context of this diary, it's best to read the Harpers article first, then the buzzfeed article.
What I don't mean to suggest is that there is no racism in the GOP. The incident was portrayed on Daily Kos and in other outlets as "GOP boos Puerto Rico at convention", which is not what happened. A speaker from Puerto Rico was interrupted (it appears to me they never really began) by delegates upset that their requests for a point of order were being ignored as they expressed displeasure at an underhanded vote that had just taken place.
I cannot say one way or the other whether any of the delegates harbor any racist attitudes toward Puerto Ricans, or whether any of them decided the best way to delay the proceedings was to attack the speaker using racist language or implied slurs. I just haven't seen that in the videos. There is speculation that one person was yelling something about "foreigners." If so, it's reprehensible, but that is not "The GOP" booing Puerto Rico.
We have plenty of material to write about regarding the racist and sexist policies and behavior of many Republicans. It hurts our credibility to make a video into something it isn't.
Thank you to Armando and others for making me really take another look at this. I respect their opinions but I don't feel my diary is inaccurate.
Washington Redskins' running back Rob Kelley, aka Fat Rob, has had an interesting path to their current starting job with the Redskins. As far as the metrics crowd is concerned, there might not be a worse running back starting in the NFL, although their on-field production thus far has proven otherwise. They did not participate in the NFL rookie scouting combine and as we'll see later, their numbers from their pro day left a lot to be desired, yet here we are looking at the NFL's 24th highest rusher after only 7 starts in this, their rookie season. So which version of Fat Rob is the real deal? The one who did little as a back in college and even less at their pro day, or the starting NFL running back the Redskins bring out each Sunday and looks the part of a legit NFL starter? Let's look into them a little deeper and find out.
Kelley is a 24-year-old rookie out of Tulane who was not highly recruited out of high school. Tulane and Minnesota were both interested in the Louisiana product, and they subsequently signed with the Green Wave. They played 4 seasons for Tulane over 5 years sitting out a year due to a combination of both off the field issues and academic ineligibility. While at Tulane they were never used as their feature tailback and was used in a variety of roles, including fullback and as their pass-catching threat out of the backfield. Over the course of their college career, they never topped 100 yards rushing, never, not once, and only eclipsed the 100 total yards mark on 2 occasions. In 2012, as a sophomore, they were featured in more of a pass-catching role, hauling in 46 receptions for 340 yards and 4 touchdowns.
The 6-foot, 228 pounds back was not invited to the NFL scouting combine. At their pro day, they put up some pretty pedestrian numbers, some even arguably bad. Looking at the numbers other running backs put up at the combine and using those as a measuring stick, only 1 measurable – the 3 cone drill – would have seen Kelley in the top 10 of performers in a skill, where they finished the drill in 7.19 seconds. Everything else, their 4.68 40-yard dash, their 29.5” vertical, their 9'2” broad jump and 16 reps on the bench press would have kept them well outside of the top 15 at their position in each, as a matter of fact, they would have finished in the bottom 3 in each. A workout warrior they are not, nor did they have the college resume or prep pedigree you typically associate with running backs at the NFL level. So how did we get here?
Heading into the season, the ‘Skins were featuring Matt Jones at running back after they took over for the departed Alfred Morris with Chris Thompson coming in as the change of pace back on 3rd downs. The team added Keith Marshall out of Georgia in the 7th round as well. Kelley was added as an undrafted rookie free agent (UDFA) after the draft as was fellow running back Kelsey Young out of Boise State. Jones was on shaky ground heading into the season thanks to late season ball security issues to close out 2015, so, many people were thinking that Marshall was the handcuff to own. Marshall is an interesting case to compare with Kelley. Marshall is a workout warrior combine freak, posting the fastest 40 time by a wide margin and was also top 4 in the bench press. They were behind some great players in college and never got a full workload because of it, but flashed a lot of promise when given a chance. All that being said, the season began, Marshall got injured, Jones fumbled their way out of a job and the last man standing was Kelley, who took over the full-time RB1 duties beginning in week 8. Matt Jones has been a healthy scratch since October 23rd.
Looking back at news clips from June, the one thing the Washington coaches raved about was Kelley's versatility. They could play special teams, they could catch and fill in on 3rd downs, they could carry the load as a lead back and as a team with no lead blocking fullback, Kelley could also be used in that capacity as well. It was that diversity in their skill set that helped land them a role on the team from day 1 as a UDFA. Their performance combined with their teammate's injuries and fumbling issues essentially let a starting NFL gig fall into their lap.  They are now the ‘Skins leading rusher with just under 700 yards from scrimmage and 7 touchdowns. There is a pretty meh cast at running back behind them and no real threats to their workload as of today. But where does a player like this come from?
Enter new Redskins GM, Scot McCloughan. McCloughan is pretty much universally known as one of, if not the best, talent evaluator in the NFL. I'll let you in on one of my fantasy football draft day secrets: I keep a list of players that McCloughan has drafted and had high draft grades on and I bump all those guys up quite a bit. It's worked out fairly well for me. ESPN did a phenomenal write-up on them that you can read here. If Kelley is good enough for McCloughan, then he's good enough for me. But here's the conflict going forward: McCloughan also drafted Marshall, so maybe this Kelley experiment is only a 1-year trial run to see what they have in them and they'll employ a true committee approach at the position next season with Kelley and Marshall being featured in a thunder & lightning workload split. Maybe the Redskins have an absurdly high grade on one of the highly touted rookie running backs coming out in the 2017 draft, and they spend an early pick on a stud and Marshall and Kelley both disappear. Then also, maybe they love Kelley, and despite their lackluster measurables they plan on them being the guy again next year given their team-friendly 3-year 1.6 million dollar deal. That's an easy number to swallow for a lead back in today's NFL when you can use the extra cash elsewhere.
Where does all of this leave us? Kelley is a serviceable back (both in real life and for fantasy) with arguably some of the worst measurables in the NFL today and he's a little bit old for a rookie. They have little competition for the job and the support of their coaching staff, with a very team-friendly contract. For fantasy purposes, he's a very solid RB2 based on their production this season and as of today, can be looked at as a RB2 target for 2017. Obviously, there are many variables in this equation going forward. Do the Redskins bring back Kirk Cousins? If so, is it under a 1-year franchise deal or a big money multi-year contract? If they leaf, do they bring in a higher priced free agent, go bargain shopping or target a rookie passer? How do all of those scenarios affect the team's salary cap and game plan for 2017 and the future? All of these variables can have an effect on Kelley's future with the team and their usage, and that's just covering the theoreticals at their QB position. As previously mentioned, they might bring in one of the better RB prospects in this draft class. Both DeSean Jackson and Pierre Garcon might leave the team at the end of this season, and if the team fails to bring inadequate replacements, the passing game might be in total disarray next year leaving Kelley facing a stacked 8-man box each week limiting their upside. As of today, I like them as a great RB2 option for next season, but depending on how the off-season shakes out for the Redskins, the worst case scenario he's not going to be draftable come next August. It's really a wide range of options for them and for you as a fantasy owner. If he's someone you're targeting next season, hopefully you can schedule your draft as late as possible in 2017 and have all of the outside variables that can impact Fat Rob sorted out by draft day.
Trump's Climate Agenda Has Created a Traffic Boom on EPA's Climate Page
Andy Revkin Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 10, 2017 Unlisted
Updated, 11:30 p.m.| The Trump administration has seemed keen to reduce the amount of information about human-driven climate change on government websites, reflecting the stark course reversal that's in store if the president holds to campaign pledges.
Some initial changes have already been found (see Climate Central) using tracking tools developed by a new consortium, the Environmental Data and Governance Initiative. There's a parallel “data rescue” push by worried scientists and climate campaigners.
But Trump's climate agenda may have had an unintended effect. Traffic is booming at the main climate pages of three government agencies, particularly that of the Environmental Protection Agency.
To call the spike in traffic at epa.gov/climatechange a “Trump bump” doesn't come close to capturing what happened. Have a look at page-view tallies provided by the agency's press office (calendar years):
2014: 667,085
2015: 380,274
2016: 315,611
And then check just the month of January, 2017 (actually Jan. 1 to Feb. 3):
420,106
The EPA's web traffic on climate change is tiny compared to that at NASA and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), as you'll see.
But the EPA is under the closest scrutiny, both by environmentalists and the Trump administration (along with its allies in Congress and elsewhere). That's because EPA is the agency with regulatory authority over greenhouse gases.
Websites are thriving at NASA, which has long had popular online content on Earth science and observations. The agency provided these page-view statistics* for climate.nasa.gov, its main page for climate change information:
2014: 3,664,655
2015: 6,805,043
2016: 8,179,789
The January total was 1,313,764,* pointing to a big jump if interest is sustained.
The main portal on climate change at NOAA is climate.gov. Here are the traffic numbers the agency's press office was able to provide (the data are slightly different than those above; this is visits, not page-views):
2015: 6,113,479
2016: 7,247,451
January saw 820,000 visits.
So, for the moment, while the Trump administration's goals on climate change communication are clear, so, too, is evidence that any online changes will face a lot of scrutiny.
Along with the boost in online traffic, new initiatives have sprung up to track week-to-week changes on thousands of climate-focused web pages, most notably through a nascent consortium called the Environmental Data and Governance Initiative.
A week ago, Climate Central reported on the initiative's initial discoveries, including some shifts editing that replaced the Obama administration's focus on emissions of heat-trapping greenhouse gases with language on adapting to climate change.
Click here for more ProPublica coverage of the #TrumpEffect and the greenhouse effect.
And let us know whether you see a #TrumpEffect.
Here's how to leak to ProPublica.
Or contact me at @revkin on Twitter, here on Facebook, or at andy.revkin@propublica.org.
Corrected at asterisk| The NASA web traffic figures above are correct. The post initially incorrectly described session numbers (visits) as page views. These are the session stats:
2014: 2,597,069
2015: 3,501,580
2016: 4,198,328
January 2017: 669,925
Senators Ask President to Halt Construction of Dakota Access Pipeline
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13 – Sens. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.), Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.), Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.), Ben Cardin (D-Md.) and Ed Markey (D-Mass.) sent a letter to President Barack Obama Thursday requesting the administration halt construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline until affected tribes are consulted and a full environmental review is conducted.
“In light of the decision of the Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit to reject the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe's request for a temporary halt to construction, the project's current permits should be suspended and all construction stopped until a complete environmental and cultural review has been completed for the entire project,” the senators wrote.
Over the past several weeks, hundreds of Native American tribes have mobilized to draw attention to the pipeline's encroachment on sacred lands, bringing about a groundswell of opposition to the project.
“Until there has been full and meaningful tribal consultation, all pipeline permits and easements should be revoked or denied,” the members wrote.
The Department of Justice, Department of the Interior and Army Corps of Engineers previously requested that the pipeline company, Energy Transfer Partners, halt construction while an environmental and cultural impact review was conducted. The pipeline company declined to stop the project, and a federal circuit court gave a partial emergency injunction to halt construction. After hearing the full injunction argument, the court denied the Standing Rock Sioux tribe's request to halt the project, a ruling that was affirmed Saturday by a federal appeals court.
The president can order the Army Corps to conduct a full review of the pipeline.
“If there is one profound lesson that indigenous people have taught us, it is that all of us as human beings are part of nature,” the senators wrote. “We will not survive if we continue to destroy nature.”
To read the letter, click here.
Although sedatives are often administered before surgery, a randomized trial finds that among patients undergoing elective surgery under general anesthesia, receiving the sedative lorazepam before surgery, compared with placebo or no premedication, did not improve the self-reported patient experience the day after surgery, but was associated with longer time till removal off a breathing tube (extubation) and a lower rate of early cognitive recovery, according to a study in the March 3 issue of JAMA.
Patients scheduled for surgery may experience considerable stress and anxiety. Benzodiazepine (a class of sedatives) premedication is frequently used to reduce anxiety but also causes amnesia, drowsiness, and cognitive impairment. Treating anxiety is not necessarily associated with a better perioperative (before and after surgery) experience for the patient. More needs to be known about the efficacy of preoperative anxiety treatment to better counsel patients to make informed decisions, according to background information in the article.
Axel Maurice-Szamburski, M.D., of the Hôpital de la Timone Adulte, Marseille, France, and colleagues randomly assigned 1,062 adult patients (younger than 70 years of age) who had been scheduled for various elective surgeries under general anesthesia at 5 French teaching hospitals to receive either 2.5 mg of lorazepam (approximately two hours before being transferred to the operating room), placebo, or no premedication. The perioperative patient experience was assessed 24 hours after surgery with a questionnaire.
The researchers found that premedication with lorazepam did not improve a measure of overall patient satisfaction compared with no premedication or placebo. Of the most anxious patients, no significant differences were found for overall patient satisfaction between the groups.
The time to extubation was significantly longer in the lorazepam group (17 minutes) than in the no premedication (12 minutes) and placebo (13 minutes) groups. Forty minutes after the end of anesthesia, the rate of patients scoring as recovered regarding cognition was significantly lower in the lorazepam group (51 percent) than in the no pre­medication group (71 percent) and the placebo group (64 percent). On postoperative day 1, the number of patients with amnesia during the perioperative period was higher in the lorazepam group than in the other groups.
"Compared with placebo, lorazepam did reduce patient anxiety upon arrival to the operating room. Because there was no overall benefit from preoperative anxiety treatment, it is possible that anxiety arising upon arrival to the operating room does not influence overall patient satisfaction," the authors write.
"The findings suggest a lack of benefit with routine use of lorazepam as sedative pre-medication in patients undergoing general anesthesia."
Continuing on our series discussing the previous lives and careers of The Twelve we're going to look at the one of the basic and standard superhero archetypes of the 1940's: Mister E (good Lord even writing that just makes me want to groan).
Origin and Career
Mister E debuted in February of 1940, along with their future teammate The Laughing Mask, in Daring Mystery Comics #2.
I'm going to level with you, almost everything about Mister E is boring.
Their origin story? He's a rich athlete named Victor Jay who decides to fight crime.
Their motivations? He's bored.
Their costume? You can find the same design on half a dozen pulp and superheroes of the time.
It's a small wonder they only lasted one issue. That being said the villain they faced was pretty cool.
That is a picture of the Vampire, a mad scientist who was the mortal enemy of Mister E (it's never explained why) who had developed a drug that would cause their victim' heart to explode. Mister E would stop the Vampire from taking over an oil company run by a man named J.P Snead. At the end of the comic Mister E captured the Vampire, who promptly escaped, allowing the hero to wonder if the Vampire and themselves would meet again, gearing up for a re match that would never occur.
So what happened?
Like many previous superheroes on this list Mister E would only last one issue until they were revived in 2007 for J. Michael Straczynski's The Twelve.
Like their fellow superheroes Mister E spent time in Europe fighting the Nazis and was captured after a failed assault on Berlin. It's interesting to note that since Mister E didn't have superpowers they were viewed more as a tourist rather than a superhero,
and their revulsion at the Witnesses' description of the crimes committed at Auschwitz seemed to reinforce that idea.
Like everyone else they were placed in cryogenic storage and wasn't discovered until 2007 and while they would play a pretty passive part in the main story Mister E would have one of the most heartbreaking and emotional side stories in the entire comic.
One of the great things about The Twelve is Straczynski's ability to create great characters to tell a great story and make a point. In the case of Mister E this was a moment where Straczynski's talents were put to exceptional use.
It turned out that Victor Jay wasn't Mister E's real name, it was Victor J. Goldstein. They were Jewish but decided to hide the fact in order to fit in and be accepted into modern high society.
For anyone who is a fan of Golden Age comic books this is something that is incredibly jarring. Not only does Straczynski use a medium of story telling where its heroes are supposed to stand above petty racism like this but it is especially shocking when you consider that so many of the early comic book creators were Jewish.
Siegel and Shuster
Joe Simon
even Stan Lee was the son of Jewish immigrants (his real name was Stanley Lieber before they had it changed)
Mister E would attempt reconnect with their now 68 year old son, who disowned their father by claiming they were a coward for not owning up to theirs heritage.
However, at the end of the comic Mister E would later learn that their wife had passed away and they vowed to never be a superhero due to the extreme emotional and mental cost it placed on them and their family.
While Mister E wasn't much of a superhero and didn't get to save the day they were put to fantastic use as a commentary on 1940's America and the culture that spawned the industry we all know and love.
Advertisements
Dallas Family's Tradition Boosts NASA for 110 Flights, Says Thank You on Final Shuttle Flight
To our good friends at Mission Control and the crews of STS-135 and Expedition 28:
What a warm sight – Atlantis – the first orbiter seen “in person” by the Sheltons during a surprise visit to the D/FW Airport. Every second of this mission is exciting, thrilling, sad and poignant.
The handprints and heartprints of so many touches every surface, every moment. Thank you all for sharing it all – the glory and unspeakable pain – with a grateful nation, a grateful planet.
Godspeed. Godspeed. Godspeed.
The Sheltons and the Murphys
The 110th bouquet of roses arrived in Mission Control on Saturday, July 9, 2011. They were sent as quietly as they have been for more than 23 years by a family near Dallas, Texas. For 110 shuttle missions, beginning with the first mission to fly following the Challenger accident, the Shelton family's flowers arrived in the control center like clockwork, usually with a simple note of well wishes.Their message for the final mission was more -- it was one of thanks:The bouquets always include a rose of a similar color for each astronaut in space during the mission, plus a single white rose in memory of those astronauts whose lives have been lost in NASA's exploration of space.When they first arrived during mission STS-26 in 1988, they were welcomed by the busy team of flight controllers, but their origin was a mystery."When I first walked into the control room I noticed them right away, because it was so different, and I walked over and read the card," said JSC Associate Director Milt Heflin, who was a shuttle flight director at the time. "It was very simple, saying congratulations and wishing everyone the best on the mission. It was signed but it didn't have any contact information for the senders."The card was signed by Mark, Terry and their daughter MacKenzie Shelton. Heflin took the initiative to find out how to reach the family.Mark Shelton has been a fan of America's space program since a childhood trip to visit Johnson in the 1960s. Following the Challenger accident, they wanted to find a quiet, personal way to let NASA know that they and their family support the agency's work. They pondered the thought of sending flowers to Mission Control as NASA prepared to return the shuttle to flight following that accident."I didn't actually decide to do it until the day the STS-26 mission was to land, and I didn't know that I even could get it done in time," Shelton said. "I called information to find a florist near the space center, and then I asked the florist if they could deliver roses to Mission Control. At first they said they couldn't do it ... but then they said they would try. But I had no idea if they actually made it or not."Heflin made a personal call to thank the family promptly after Discovery landed, confirming to Mark Shelton that their effort had succeeded. The rest became a part of space shuttle program history."It really impressed us that NASA took the time and reciprocated on such a personal level," Shelton said. "We just wanted to show in our way the appreciation that we think many, many people feel for the space program."The flowers became a tradition for the Sheltons, and they found a place at the heart of mission control. NASA's activities sometimes have gotten worldwide attention, but these flowers have seemed to have a longer and deeper effect on the team of flight controllers. Why?"I think it means so much because we never asked for it," Heflin said. "We never expected it. We believe it truly represents the sentiment of a large part of the public, as well as a very personal gesture."And that is just the reaction hoped for long ago by Mark Shelton."It makes me feel that it has been the right thing to do," they said. "I never dreamed it would become the sort of personal connection it has, though. Sometimes we get Christmas cards from people in mission control, or letters, and we were invited to a launch and to visit JSC. We just wanted the flowers to mean something to them and to let them know we are still out here and we still care.""The Sheltons have sort of become a part of our team in Mission Control," Heflin said. "I almost look at them as a kind of distant back room, just like the technical support rooms located around the control center. It gives me a very warm feeling."For more information about the STS-135 mission visit:
Game on! BBC America will become home to the two largest darts tournaments in the world, the World Darts Championship and the Premier League. Darts is a pre-eminent world sport, drawing in ratings in the UK second only to soccer. The World Darts Championship premieres right here on BBCAmerica.com on December 14th and is the biggest darts tournament in the world featuring 72 players representing 24 countries competing for the Sid Waddell Trophy. Premier League Darts will premiere on February 1st and features ten darts superstars battling for victory in matches throughout Europe across 16 weeks. BBCA coverage will include a combination of live shows and highlights featuring the tournament's latest action-packed moments.
BBC America President Sarah Barnett said, “Darts is a fringe sport like no other— it appeals to the obsessive soccer fan, requires the skill of poker and has some of the high entertainment quota of wrestling. As home to some of the world's largest global franchises, adding a unique, world class sport to BBCA's fresh and entertaining line up feels like exactly the right move, giving viewers a live fix of a spectacular world class sport.”
The World Darts Championship runs from December 14th through January 1st and BBCA will showcase weekly action on-air December 16th, 23rd, 30th from 9 a.m.-12 p.m. ET. January 1st will be a pre-show at 2 p.m. ET leading into the live finale from 3 p.m.-6 p.m ET. It is the biggest darts tournament in the World with 22 sessions of live play across 15 days and a record-breaking £1,800,000 prize fund.
Premier League Darts runs from February 1st through May 17th and airs live on Thursdays, with highlights on Thursdays and Saturdays featuring the days' biggest action from 10 p.m.-11:30 p.m. ET. Here, 10 superstars of darts battle over four months in Britain's biggest indoor sporting event – and the 2018 tournament sees a visit to Rotterdam as well as a debut in Germany with a league night in Berlin. A darts event like no other – with the added twist of elimination for two players following nine weeks of play before the top four after 15 league-nights contest the Play-Offs.
All 87 hours of the World Darts Championship and all 16 matches of Premier League will be live streamed on bbcamerica.com/darts.
' met up with 'D', one of's alleged victims.
'D' claimed that there were many events to the Seo Ji Soo incident with "JisooLuv" that the public did not know. Further, they claim that was also one of the people that Seo Ji Soo threatened. They first met JisooLuv during the police investigations into the sexual�harassment�claims against Seo Ji Soo because they were also involved in the investigation.
�
�
'D' had actually recorded conversations between JisooLuv, herself, a third victim, and a Woollim representative at the investigation. During the conversation, the Woollim rep asked, "[You said you dated Seo Ji Soo], but did you two actually confirm your feelings for each other?", to which JisooLuv answered, "Seo Ji Soo's sexually harassing remarks were not when they were doing their 'member play' but when we were dating. They even recorded a video where they called my real name and told me they liked me."
The 'Member Play' that JisooLuv mentioned is a role play community where people have conversations while role playing to be idol group members. JisooLuv and Seo Ji Soo met on one of the role playing communities. However, JisooLuv said, "If you understand 'Member Play', you will get it. We met there, but had a deep relationship while we dated�and�even shared our house addresses. Of course, from the outside, you could ask, 'how is�that proof?', but if you say that, you won't believe anything no matter what the proof."
The Woollim rep said, "Seo Ji Soo actually did tell us. I probably was the first one they talked to when the situation happened. They said, 'I was really lonely and exhausted then. I don't know what emotions I treated them with back then, but I don't�understand why things are becoming so negative." However, on the sexually harassing remarks Seo Ji Soo made, the Woollim rep did admit, "Those comments and expressions are in fact sexually harassing, and it is true those actions�themselves�are morally problematic."
Two months later, the trio met up with another Woollim rep as well as Woollim's lawyer. The lawyer told JisooLuv, "You talk about how you had to go see a therapist, but don't you also have to think about Seo Ji Soo? Them face is everywhere. Also, if you promise to apologize and never let this kind of thing happen, I can actively tell the label, 'We don't have to ruin a young person's life. Let's forgive her.' If this goes to court, it can get very lengthy. We won't have to go to court every time, but you might. That's going to be stressful."
However, after a short break, the lawyer changed their words and said, "After the label releases the press release, you must stay silent without any sort of apology. No matter who asks online or which reporter asks, don't say anything."
JisooLuv then said, "I want you to at least admit that it was not all made up. From that point on, all the hate will come to me," but Woollim said, "But you are not a public figure. You need to take�responsibility�for the situation that is�your�fault." When JisooLuv said, "Even the truth will all get cleansed," Woollim said, "I don't know what you mean by cleansing. We will simply say that the prosecutors have decided it was false and that we will be suing for defamation of character."
On May 6th, JisooLuv met again with the lawyer, where they received the agreement where they must stay silent for Woollim to cancel the suit. If they did not, they would have to pay 100 million KRW in fines (for the defamation claims).�
Woollim said, "I did not confirm the press release, but the general idea is this. There is a suit where posts about Seo Ji Soo were posted from another place. Since they are underage, the case has been sent to juvenile court. It'll [the press release] have that. If we write details, it won't be good for JisooLuv or us, so we'll make it dry. We'll write the indictment as well as saying that we will take a strict stance on those who try to harm the label artists with baseless rumors."
JisooLuv's guardian said, "Both sides were harmed. JisooLuv and your side were both invested, and since there were parts that were false as well as parts where the victim and Woollim both agreed on a point. Shouldn't that be in there [the press release]?", but Woollim said, "You say both sides were harmed, but it doesn't make sense from our point of view. The harm that JisooLuv received from Jisoo is something they have to work out personally, or something they have to prove by herself." They added, "Even if they did sexually harass JisooLuv, try suing them anywhere. Try suing for damages or even as a criminal case. JisooLuv is at a very disadvantageous situation objectively."
'THE FACT' called Woollim on the 11th and asked about such an agreement, they said, "" On a second call, they again said, "" However, 'THE FACT' did note that JisooLuv could not speak of the situation at all as it was part of the agreement.In an interview with 'THE FACT', 'D', who dated Seo Ji Soo in 2010, mentioned that JisooLuv had taken a break from school and had been to the emergency room so many times because they cried so much. They also emphasized that all the victims wanted was the truth, and to receive an apology. They personally had wanted to meet Seo Ji Soo to see what they would say for herself.
0
[A letter Seo Ji Soo allegedly wrote to JisooLuv that reads, 'It's really cold today.. [Censored name], you must be working hard. I miss you. I don't know why we have to give our phones away. It's so annoying ?? Be careful of colds and I'll buy you a long skirt, so wear it.']
[A conversation allegedly between Seo Ji Soo and JisooLuv. The conversation reads,
JL: Is the sticker photo like that?
SJS: Yes, I'm just a little nervous.
JL: I don't know. I have to see it myself to know.
SJS: Protect unni.
JL: How do I do that?
SJS: Just everything that happened between you and me.
JL: You don't have to try to silence me like that.
JL: Don't you think I know already...]
[Letters 'D' allegedly received from Seo Ji Soo]
[Messages Seo Ji Soo's alleged victims received from Seo Ji Soo. Left reads:
Sender: If my label contacts you
Sender: No, they'd probably ask [name censored]
Sender: Say you're a school friend.
Sender: College.
Sender: [Name censored] College.
Sender: No f*ck wait
Right reads:
Receiver: If you get big after you debut, I'll make excuses for you.
Sender: You don't have to.
Sender: I'm going to report them all and [send them to jail]
Sender: I've been waiting for a while, too.
[Conversations between JisooLuv, Woollim's lawer, and Woollim, as summarized above]
[An alleged conversation between JisooLuv and Seo Ji Soo:
SJS: Cat ears and a tail for your back hole...
JL: You have things like that?
SJS: [Censored]
SJS: Should I buy it for you?
SJS: [Photo]
SJS: It looks like that.]
NOTE: For clarity, some portions of the chronology are paraphrased.
Given this new information, do you think Ji Soo should be allowed to promote with Lovelyz?
Note of the author
Neuropol is a wide, starkly futuristic typeface which was created in 1996. The design is based on rounded squares which were popular in earlier techno fonts such as Microgramma, Digital and Chimes. The superelliptical stroke ends give Neuropol a harmonized appearance. Truncated horizontal strokes suggest lasers or vector-beam traces. Over the last few decades, several Neuropol related font families have been released. Neuropol had been redrawn and expanded into Neuropol X in 2004. The original Neuropol font was discontinued at that time but some people still pref the 1996 version. In 2015, the original 1996 Neuropol was restored and re-released. Changes include: better kerning, higher dots on i and j, cleaner curves, heavier accents, more languages, more punctuation, the latest monetary symbols and a better @ symbol. If your application supports OpenType stylistic alternates, you can access a complete Z, similar to the one in Neuropol X.This font includes a license that allows free commercial use: sometimes referred to as a desktop license. This allows you to install the font on a computer and use it to create posters, web graphics, game graphics, t-shirts, videos, signs, logos and more. Read the license agreement for details.If you'd like to embed this font in an app, ebook, on the web or anything that's not covered by the desktop license agreement, visit the link below. You'll find distributors who offer different types of licenses or you can contact me for help.Also check out:
Like anybody else who likes the wee hours of the morning – and the chance to socialize with or without alcohol in those hours – news that some bars, restaurants and catering facilities would be able to push closing times from 2 to 4 a.m. during the Democratic National Convention was welcomed, to say the least.
It started in February, when the DNC said it was eyeing those extra hours, what with the convention events not ending until later in the evening.
And now, with the convention just hours away, let's take a look at what places will be open late.
A Friday call to the mayor's press office led to a referral to the Philadelphia 2016 Host Committee, which responded on Saturday with a link to the Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board's list of “National Event Permits” that include places granted the right to stay open later.
You can see the entire list via this link, which doesn't delineate private and public events, but the vast majority of 4 a.m. spots are at hotels where delegates are staying. (If others are added to this list, or if people aligned with those on the list want to send in details, we'll update this post throughout the convention.)
If hyperlinks aren't your thing, here's a collection of locations (with dates of permit clearance) that have been granted the extended hours as of Saturday afternoon:
Vesper, 223 S. Sydenham St. (Thursday)
Embassy Suites – Philadelphia Airport, 9000 Bartram Ave. (Monday through Thursday)
Courtyard Philadelphia Downtown – Marriott, 21 N. Juniper St. (Monday through Thursday)
Courtyard Philadelphia Airport – Marriott, 8900 Bartram Ave. (Monday through Thursday)
The Academy House via Garces Catering, 1420 Locust St. (Thursday, until 3 a.m.)
Garces Catering, 801 Market St. (Thursday)
Hotel Monaco, 433 Chestnut St. (Monday through Thursday)
Hyatt at the Bellevue, 200 S. Broad St. (Sunday through Thursday)
Le Meridien Philadelphia, 1420 Arch St. (Monday through Thursday)
Doubletree by Hilton Philadelphia Airport, 4509 Island Ave. (Monday through Thursday)
Philadelphia Downtown Marriott Hotel, 1201 Market St. (Monday through Thursday)
Ritz-Carlton Philadelphia, 10 Avenue of the Arts (Monday through Thursday)
Sang Keen Noodle House, 3549 Chestnut St. (Monday through Wednesday)
Sawans Bistro Inc., 114-116 S. 18th St. (Monday through Thursday)
Sheraton Philadelphia Downtown, 201 S. 17th St. (Monday through Thursday)
Square 1682, 121 S. 17th St. (Monday through Thursday)
The Inn @ Penn Hilton, 3600 Sansom St. (Monday through Thursday)
The Logan Hotel, One Logan Square (Monday through Friday)
Loews Philadelphia Hotel, 1201 Market St. (Monday through Thursday)
Woody's Bar, 200 S. 13th St. (Wednesday)
Rahul Prasad, a final year B Tech student from Kerala, was found hanging from a ceiling fan.
In the second such incident in less than a month, a 22-year old student of IIT Madras allegedly committed suicide in their hostel room on Monday, police said.
Advertising
Rahul Prasad, a final year B Tech student from Kerala, was found hanging from a ceiling fan, they said.
The incident comes barely a month after the suicide of IIT-M M.Tech student Nagendra Kumar Reddy in the hostel on September 21.
“He (Prasad) was found hanging in their room in Ganga hostel in a nylon rope tied to the fan. Today they had an exam but they did not turn up and hence their friends came to their room to check and found them hanging,” a police official said.
Police retrieved the body by breaking open the room door and sent it to a government hospital here for autopsy.
Prasad hailed from Kollam in Kerala and they were last seen by their friends by around 9 pm yesterday.
The student's family members have been informed and they were on their way here, they said.
Advertising
“No suicide note was found… a case has been registered and further probe is on. As of now, we do not know the reason for the suicide,” they said adding the body had no injuries.
PASSENGERS tend to sit in silence without even exchanging a glance as they make their way home – unless you catch the number 30, that is.
One man was clearly so fed up with the lack of fun on the top deck of the Lothian Bus service that they bravely set out to cheer up their fellow travellers.
The mystery singer leads the bus in song
And the result has become something of a YouTube hit.
The mystery middle-aged man led a sing-song on the bus – which runs from Wester Hailes to Musselburgh – with passengers of all ages united in a wild rendition of the folk song My Bonnie Lies Over the Ocean, all the while clapping their hands and stamping their feet.
When the reveller who led the singing stood up to get off the bus, passengers clambered to shake their hand and kiss them goodbye as they left to the sound of cheers.
The remaining travellers went on to raise the roof by singing to their hero the 70s Steam classic Na Na Hey Hey Kiss Him Goodbye.
Passengers hail the singer as they leaf the bus
The video poster wrote on YouTube: “Old folk started singing on our bus in Edinburgh. The notorious number 30 nonetheless.
“This gentleman got the leaving celebration they deserved! LEGEND. There have been too many negative videos – here's a nice happy one.”
They add: “Well it was just such a feel good experience – the bus driver was loving it!!” Another user, minniemynx, wrote: “Brilliant, I get the thirty all the time, this has never happened.”
It is not known when the events in the video, which has now been viewed almost 1500 times, took place. Councillor Eric Milligan, whose ward takes in part of the bus route, said: “I only wish I'd been on the bus.
“One thing is for sure, there is nothing more infectious than when you're travelling on a bus or a coach and someone starts roaring with laughter and singing.
“Nothing beats sharing an experience like that and the world would be a better place if it happened more often.”
Fellow councillor Ricky Henderson said: “It sounds like great fun – every number 30 to Wester Hailes should be a party bus.”
Are you the leader of the Number 30 sing-song or do you know him? Contact us on 0131-620 8744 .
[tor-dev] Self publishing over Tor Hidden Services
Given its iconic hold on the American imagination, the idea that more Americans are leaving California than coming breaches our own sense of uniqueness and promise. Yet, even as the economy has recovered, notably in the Bay Area and in pockets along the coast, the latest U.S. Census Bureau estimates show that domestic migrants continue to leave the state more rapidly than they enter it.
Related Articles In costly Bay Area, even six-figure salaries are considered ‘low income'
Why more Bay Area residents are saying they want to flee
Just how unaffordable are Oakland and San Jose for teachers? A new report crunches the numbers
4 signs California's job market is cooling
What it feels like to be priced out of my own Bay Area hometown First, the good news. People may be leaving California, but, overall, the rate of leaving is about three-quarters less than that experienced in the first decade of the millennium. In the core, booming San Francisco metropolitan area, there was even a shift toward net domestic migration after 2010, something rarely seen since the 1980s.
Outmigration dropped with the initial economic slowdown of the last recession, particularly as housing prices in some areas, notably the Inland Empire and the Sacramento area, drifted toward the national norm of three times incomes by 2010, having been twice that high or more in the boom times. The initial recovery after 2010 may also have encouraged people to stay as well.
BACK TO MOUNTING OUTMIGRATION
The San Francisco Bay Area lost more than 600,000 net domestic migrants between 2000 and 2009 before experiencing a five-year respite. Now, sadly, the story seems to be changing again. Housing prices, first in the Bay Area and later in other metropolitan areas, have surged mightily, and are now as high as over nine times household incomes. In 2016, some 26,000 more people left the Bay Area than arrived. San Francisco net migration went from a high of 16,000 positive in 2013 to 12,000 negative three years later.
Similar patterns have occurred across the state. Between 2010 and 2015, California had cut its average annual migration losses annually from 160,000 to 50,000, but that number surged last year to nearly 110,000. Losses in the Los Angeles-Orange County area have gone from 42,000 in 2011 to 88,000 this year. San Diego, where domestic migration turned positive in 2011 and 2012, is now losing around 8,000 net migrants annually.
The major exceptions to this trend can be found in the somewhat more affordable interior regions. Sacramento has gained net migration from barely 1,800 in 2011 to 12,000 last year. Even some still-struggling areas, like Modesto and Stockton, have seen some demographic resurgence as people move farther from the high-priced Bay Area.
CALIFORNIA AND THE NEW DEMOGRAPHIC REALITY
The movement away from expensive core regions reflects the basic preference among people for affordable, less dense housing. The new Census estimates have confirmed this national trend. Migration to both suburbs and smaller cities — and away from dense core counties — is now at the highest rate in a decade.
Population growth in big urban core cities, including New York, is now about half of what it was back in 2010. Last year, all 10 of the top gainers in domestic migration were sprawling, more affordable Sun Belt metropolitan areas in states like Texas, North Carolina, Florida and Tennessee.
These dispersive trends are clear in Southern California, where net migration out of Los Angeles County runs about four times the rate of neighboring, more suburban Orange County, as migration to places like Riverside County mounts. Despite all the national hype surrounding L.A.'s drive for densification, it's not a model that most people, and particularly families, seem to be embracing.
CALIFORNIA'S CHOICE
The apparent growing appetite for suburban living presents a unique challenge to California. The state policy is aggressively anti-suburban, placing ever-higher hurdles on any development on the periphery. This, over time, is slowing construction in the interior and forcing housing prices unnaturally up, even in these areas.
Some so-called progressives hail these trends, as forcing what they seem to see as less desirable elements — that is, working- and middle-class people — out of the state. They allege that this is balanced out by a surge of highly educated workers coming to California. Essentially, the model is that of a gated community, with a convenient servant base nearby.
Yet, in reality, this may prove to be wishful thinking. A dive into Internal Revenue Service data shows distinctly that, while poor people are, indeed, leaving, the largest group of outmigrants tends to be middle-aged people making between $100,000 and $200,000 annually. They may not be ideal algorithm creators for Facebook, but they do constitute the solid middle ranks critical to any healthy economy.
Indeed, since 2010, the Golden State has seen an overall net outflow of $36 billion from these migrants (and that counts only the first year of income). The biggest gainers from this exchange are where Californians are moving, to such places as Texas, Arizona and Nevada. That some California employers are joining them in the same places should be something of a two-minute warning for state officials.
But California leaders have other things on their minds that do not include accommodating the aspirations of residents who refuse to abandon suburban homes, or who are unwilling to desert their cars for the pleasures of mass transit. Until Californians demand a government that reflects their aspirations, too many people will continue to have to seek their futures elsewhere, to the detriment to those who remain behind.
Joel Kotkin is the R.C. Hobbs Presidential Fellow in Urban Futures at Chapman University in Orange and executive director of the Houston-based Center for Opportunity Urbanism (www.opportunityurbanism.org). Wendell Cox is principal of Demographia, a St. Louis-based public policy firm, and was appointed to three terms on the Los Angeles County Transportation Commission.
The military hearing that will determine whether Bradley Manning will receive a court martial for their alleged role in leaking documents to WikiLeaks took a strange turn. In a courthouse in Fort Meade, Maryland, a prosecution witness testified that they found thousands of State Department cables on Manning's computer, but those cables did *not* match those released by WikiLeaks.
If the cables found on Manning's computer don't match the ones WikiLeaks has, the defense can argue that Julian Assange's outfit may have had a different source for the documents. Wired's Kim Zetter was in the courtroom and filed a report on this dramatic moment, which could become a lynchpin of the defense's case.
Special Agent David Shaver, a forensic investigator with the Army's Computer Crimes Investigations Unit, testified Sunday that he'd found 10,000 U.S. diplomatic cables in HTML format on the soldier's classified work computer, as well as a corrupted text file containing more than 100,000 complete cables... But Shaver said none of the documents that they found on Manning's computer matched those that WikiLeaks published. Shaver wasn't asked how many cables they compared to the WikiLeaks cables. In re-direct examination, however, they noted that the CSV file in which the cables were contained was corrupted and suggested this might indicate that it had not been possible to pass those cables to WikiLeaks for this reason. The defense objected to this assumption, however, noting that Shaver could not speculate on why the cables were not among those released by WikiLeaks.
The revelation is a bit confusing, but it could be the first chink in the prosecution's forensic case against Manning.
Image: Reuters.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
On Wednesday the New Hampshire House of Representatives passed a right-to-work law, returning the issue to Democratic Gov. John Lynch's desk for the second time in two years. The bane of organized labor for over half a century, right-to-work laws regained momentum in the United States after Republicans won historically sweeping victories on the state level in the 2010 midterm elections. In February, Indiana became the first state in a decade—and the first Rust Belt state—to enact one of the laws.
Jimmy Hoffa, the president of the Teamsters, has said that right-to-work proponents are waging a “war on workers,” and Martin Luther King Jr. called right-to-work a “false slogan” and said the laws “rob us of our civil rights and job rights.” But proponents of the laws believe they're necessary for the growth of manufacturing and business that can bolster states' weak economies. A lack of nationwide right-to-work legislation, they argue, has resulted in “abuses of workers' human rights and civil liberties.”
So what is a right-to-work law, anyway?
The basics
No American worker can be forced to join a union. But most unions push companies to agree to contracts that require all workers, whether they're in the union or not, to pay dues to the union for negotiating with management. State right-to-work laws make these sorts of contracts illegal, meaning that workers in unionized businesses can benefit from the terms of a union contract without paying union dues. (Under federal law, unions must represent all workers covered by a contract, even if some of those workers are not members of the union and do not pay for the union's representation.)
Unions are fighting the expansion of these laws, which currently apply in 23 US states. A coalition of lawmakers, manufacturers, tea partiers, and big conservative think tanks want to see them passed in the rest of the US.
The history
In 1947 a Republican-controlled Congress passed the federal Taft-Hartley Act (also known as the Labor-Management Relations Act). This law amended the 1935 National Labor Relations Act so that closed shops—businesses in which every employee was required to be part of the union and pay dues—were no longer legal. This left individual states free to pass laws that prohibited requiring employees in a unionized business to pay dues. These laws are known as right-to-work laws.
The right-to-work slogan originates from a US Supreme Court ruling Dent v. West Virginia stating that Americans had a fundamental right to pursue an occupation of their choice. The Supreme Court forbid state legislatures from depriving or regulating people's particular occupation. Later, a newspaper editor from Texas named William B. Ruggles who was anti-union reinterpreted the term to mean the right to work in a unionized business without paying dues. (Ruggles has since become something of a folk hero for the right-to-work movement. There's even a scholarship named after them at the anti-union National Institute for Labor Relations Research.)
OK, but why are we talking about this now?
Lynch, the Democratic governor of New Hampshire, will likely veto the right-to-work law that recently passed the state House of Representatives. Lynch vetoed a very similar proposal last May, the House's attempt to override that veto failed last November, and Lynch remains strongly opposed to right-to-work laws, a spokesperson told Mother Jones. But elsewhere, right-to-work laws are making headway. In February, Indiana became the first Rust Belt state and the first state in over a decade to adopt a right-to-work law. Of the 22 other states to pass right-to-work laws since 1947, Idaho, which passed a law in 1985, and Oklahoma, which passed one in 2001, are the most recent.
The passage of a right-to-work law in Indiana, which has long had strong unions, represents a new phase of the battle over the laws. As Abby Rapoport recently explained in the American Prospect, most previous right-to-work laws were passed in states without a strong organized labor presence:
“States throughout the South and West soon passed such legislation, and used the laws to prevent unions from gaining a foothold or gaining significant power. The laws never actually dismantled a strong union presence, but instead kept unions out for fear they would upset racial and class structures.”
The Indiana law took on unions in a state where labor's foothold was once strong and is now “slowly diminishing.” That makes it a perfect place to begin an attack on labor in the Rust Belt, Rapoport argues.
If unions in Indiana lose membership and become weaker because of the law, lower wages might lure manufacturing business from Michigan, where 18 percent of workers are currently represented by organized labor.
A right-to-work movement has also begun to take hold in Michigan, too. As my colleague Andy Kroll has reported, last October legislators unveiled a “right-to-teach” bill that “would let teachers work under union-negotiated contracts without chipping in a dime for the cost of negotiations.” The bill is currently in the Committee on Reforms, Restructuring and Reinventing. The Detroit News reported that Mitt Romney was pushing hard for right-to-work laws when they campaigned through the state before narrowly winning its GOP primary election in February.
Wisconsin is also grappling with a right-to-work law. At the same time they were trying to eliminate collective bargaining for public-sector employees, Gov. Scott Walker floated a right-to-work bill. Now pushback by organized labor and the public on behalf of workers' rights has Walker facing a recall election.
Who's supporting the recent right-to-work laws?
Indiana's legislation appears to have come from the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC). As Karen Olsson reported in Mother Jones in 2002, ALEC, which is funded by private corporations, industry groups, and conservative foundations, “gives business a direct hand in writing bills that are considered in state assemblies nationwide.” The group's model legislation includes Arizona's SB 1070, and a “truth in sentencing” bill that the Corrections Corporation of America helped draft.
How do these laws affect the economy?
It's hard to say. The most well-known study on the development of manufacturing in states with right-to-work laws was published by Thomas Holmes in 2000. Holmes compared manufacturing growth or decline on the borders between right-to-work states and states without the pro-business legislation. They found that in right-to-work states, manufacturing employment was higher than in “anti-business” states without the laws. These findings have led supporters like Harvard economics professor Robert Barro to conclude that “right-to-work laws—or, more broadly, the pro-business policies offered by right-to-work states—matter for economic growth.”
However, Mother Jones‘ Kevin Drum says it's no surprise pro-business states attract more manufacturing:
“[B]usinesses prefer locating in states where costs are low and rules are lax — something I think we all knew already. Of course that's what businesses prefer. But it says literally nothing at all about whether the United States as a whole would have higher or lower growth if every state either did or didn't have right-to-work laws.”
Holmes is careful to note that factors like the expansion of railways and trucking and even the invention of air conditioning all played a part in the stronger growth of manufacturing in the Southern and Sun Belt states. Holmes' findings also don't mean the laws are good for the economy or the worker in a state over time. A 2011 study by the labor-backed Economic Policy Institute found that wages and benefits are lower in right-to-work states than in non-right-to-work states. Oklahoma has actually seen a reversal of the initial growth in manufacturing jobs since its right-to-work law passed in 2001. The EPI report found that in the cases of “higher-tech manufacturing, to ‘knowledge' sector jobs, or to service industries dependent on consumer spending in the local economy—there is reason to believe that right-to-work laws may actually harm a state's economic prospects.”
What's next?
The New Hampshire bill is unlikely to become law, but that doesn't mean right-to-work won't continue to spread. Tea party activists in Ohio are campaigning for a constitutional amendment that would make it a right-to-work state. The group would need 386,000 signatures before the first week of July in order to get the amendment on the November 2012 ballot. According to a Qunnipiac Poll, 54 percent of Ohioans support right-to-work laws.
The Missouri legislature is considering several right-to-work bills. A proposed constitutional amendment in Virginia has been carried over and will be considered in 2013. Virginia is already a right-to-work state but Republicans are determined to enshrine the legislation in the state's constitution.
After their victory in Indiana, it seems clear that right-to-work proponents have other manufacturing states in their sights. Raymond Hogler, a professor at Colorado State University who's an expert in labor law, asks, “If it passes in Indiana, why not in Ohio, why not in Minnesota, why not in Michigan?”
Optic mounting on an AK is problematic for two reasons: one, the platform is not ideally designed for optics mounting. Second, when an AK operator does decide to shoehorn glass onto this six-decade-old design, there are actually many good options for solid mounting available, and the decision can be just as tough.
Fortunately, (or perhaps unfortunately for those of us who are already suffering from choice paralysis) Arsenal's SM-13 mount is another a good option to add to the pool of effective optic mounting choices. Not only is it a solid and easy-to-install mount, but the Arsenal SM-13 has some other features that set it apart from other models.
The SM-13 is a one-piece CNC machined mount made of “aircraft grade aluminum alloy”, according to Arsenal. The mount only weighs 5.76 ounces, but offers over 7.5 inches of top rail real estate. It is made in the USA.
As a first impression, the lightweight SM-13 comes in an airtight plastic bag with straightforward directions on the front. Minimal packaging and simple directions are always a plus. The SM-13 installs on your AK's “universal” side optics mount quite easily (see this article from RussianOptics.net for an exhaustive explanation and history of the AK side rail), however, anyone who has owned more than one AK or who may have bought “one-size-fits-all” AK accessories knows that there sometimes needs to be room for spec variations in an AK. That is to say that, most likely, the same particular part on a Russian and a Bulgarian may not be the same part at all, mags that are tight in your Yugo might flop around in your Norinco, and for that matter, the same part on two WASRs may not even interchange between them. Arsenal has solved this potential issue, however, with the SM-13. On the inside of the SM-13, there are two pieces of rail that slide onto your side mount. After you slide the mount on, a half-turn of the QD lever slightly compresses the rails, ensuring a tight fit. However, what if, after locking the QD lever you have a little play? Or worse still, what if the SM-13 won't fit your side rail at all?
Arsenal has already considered this, and allows the user to simply, securely, and very precisely adjust the SM-13's mounting rail width. The width is determined by a threaded stop castlenut that will only allow the rails to expand to a certain width. Once the screw is set, the rails will stay that width apart until the stop nut is adjusted. To adjust it, simply press the rail jawpieces together to remove pressure from the stop nut. While keeping pressure off the nut, screw it or unscrew it to tighten or widen (respectively) the gap between the SM-13's mounting rails. This takes maybe sixty to ninety seconds of trial and error, and once you have the mount just loose enough that it slides onto the side rail with only minor friction, then you slip it on and give the QD lever a twist. Your mount is now lock tight.
There are many mounting solutions that offer a solid mounting surface, and many of those also offer a smooth quick disconnect function as well. However, the real test is which of those mounts will hold zero when installed, shot, removed, re-installed, shot again, removed again, once more remounted, etc. The Arsenal is no cause for concern here. The sample we received held zero all day at 50 meters after being installed, banged around with regular use, shot, removed, re-installed, shot again, so on. And with an EOTech at 25m, the SGL-21 used in conjunction with this optic produced one hole in paper over a series of multiple groups after the optic mount had been removed and re-installed several times. It appears, then, that if you install this mount properly (which, as mentioned, is not difficult), you will be rewarded with repeatable zero after multiple dismounts and remounts.
Further, there are smaller details that make the SM-13 a front-runner in this category. First, the mount is very, very low-profile and sits only millimeters above the receiver. This allows a tighter, shorter sightline to bore-axis, which allows the shooter to minimize the compensation required by trajectory arcing. In other words, your AK can shoot a little flatter if you so elect, and this is valuable to many shooters.
However, this can lead to an issue – a low mount will occlude the shooter's view of the front sight. Indeed, many of these mounts are high mounts to allow for “peep-through”, where a mount is elevated to the point where the operator can see their sights beneath the mount, and alternate between the optic and the irons as they please. The drawback, of course, is that your bullet's trajectory is going to have a more exaggerated arc to compensate for the higher mounting. Also, mounts like this can tend to get in the way of charging the gun, but the SM-13 is unobtrusive in this regard.
Again, Arsenal has addressed this issue in advance. While the top of the mount is front-to-back 1913 Picattiny Rail, ready to accommodate your standard RDS, reflex, or rings, there is a semicircle groove that bisects the rail segments, forming enough of a trough to allow the user to use iron sights, even with the mount installed. While I note that a low-slung optic like an EOTech or optics using solid bases like LaRue QD mounts may still block the front sight, at least the option to leave the mount in place and use the irons while still offering a low mounting solution may be preferable to the peep-through compromise.
As stated, the SM-13 is lightweight at 5.76 ounces, but robust nonetheless. As seen, it has three cross members that connect the side mount point with the top mount it provides, which gives it an appearance like it could take some real abuse. The fit and finish are excellent, and the flat black anodizing will go well with about any AK. The only negative I perceive is that the QD lever itself is a very thin steel that feels like it could be bent if the wrong sort of pressure is applied, but given how neatly the lever tucks into the mount when in use, this is unlikely.
In summary, the SM-13 offers a solid, versatile, and easy to install mount that holds zero when in use, and even when removed and reinstalled. Additionally, Arsenal's SM-13 is well thought out, offering a lot of rail (7.5 inches) while maintaining light weight, and providing a low mounting axis, while still permitting the use of the AK's iron sights. Finally, the fact that it is tension-adjustable all but guarantees fit on your AK. As said, there are a lot of options when it comes to AK mounting solutions, but Arsenal's SM-13 gives the shooter everything they need and at a fair price on par with other top of the line mounts, and is deserving of serious consideration when shopping for an AK mount.
We are committed to finding, researching, and recommending the best products. We earn commissions from purchases you make using the retail links in our product reviews. Learn more about how this works.
by Brett Stevens on January 3, 2012
Over the years and centuries, as the failure of the first world to discover inner stability continues, it has become increasingly popular to talk about the “many problems” of humankind. I submit that this is euphemism of the first order.
This species does not have many problems. We have a singular problem, which is dishonesty: we do not talk with intent to communicate about the issues in our world. Aside from all of the possible problems of language itself, or even of different people using different terms, we do not wish for clarity.
For centuries thinkers have assumed that the uniquely human capacity for reasoning has existed to let people reach beyond mere perception and reflex in the search for truth. Rationality allowed a solitary thinker to blaze a path to philosophical, moral and scientific enlightenment. Now some researchers are suggesting that reason evolved for a completely different purpose: to win arguments. Rationality, by this yardstick (and irrationality too, but weâ€™ll get to that) is nothing more or less than a servant of the hard-wired compulsion to triumph in the debating arena. According to this view, bias, lack of logic and other supposed flaws that pollute the stream of reason are instead social adaptations that enable one group to persuade (and defeat) another. Certitude works, however sharply it may depart from the truth. – The New York Times
When we do not intend clarity, we argue to raise our social status above that of others. He's wrong, I'm right; pick me. Whether we're searching for mates, business partners, friends or even conning salespeople into helping us despite the huge backlog, social status makes us “important” and so we get ahead.
This is not to say that all people act this way. In fact, the scientists in the article above are probably wrong. Most people argue to win, while a small minority use logic to find answers. Not coincidentally, a small minority is responsible for most of our discoveries.
However, as the majority tends toward deception, and the majority tends to win out, the human pattern is for dishonesty to triumph. This is probably most intense in societies with higher intelligence people, as the spread between “smart enough to fake it” and “smart enough to know the difference” is wider. This is why the places with the smartest people, like Scandinavia or Germany, are the most internally screwed-up despite their great material and technological wealth.
We are raised in post-1789 liberal democracies, which means plurality is the order of the day. That is to say, those with the most votes make the laws, and everyone else circumvents those laws until the facade collapses. In theory, we all tolerate each other, but in reality no one gets what they want.
We thus experience constant internal upheaval and political infighting. Honesty at the political level is secondary to its source, which is honesty at the personal level. When confronted with information we do not like, we can deny it, choose to stop arguing or discussing it, leave the room or simply re-program our minds to not consider it.
Denial beats conscience. With denial of reality on a personal level, an audience for pleasant lies is created, and they then shower wealth and acclaim onto those who codify the lies as science, law, logic or morality.
Since some date long ago when we lost sight of reality, this cult has been gaining strength. Now few truth-tellers remain. They are buried under a mountain of lies, starting with the notion that we have more than one problem.
Tags: cognitive dissonance, collapse, crowdism
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Interview with Professor James Lydon (3:1)
Published in Anglo-Norman Ireland
‘A real Irish historian' (3:1)
Seán Duffy talks to James Lydon who last year retired as Lecky Professor of Modern History in Trinity College, Dublin.
SD: Tell me about your family background and early years.
JL: I was born in Galway. My mother was from an Irish-speaking family not far from the city. My father was a baker and their family originated in Connemara. I went to school in Galway, took my degree in University College Galway and went to London to do my doctorate.
SD: How formative was your background in shaping your outlook?
Very important. Galway in those days was very much more rural than it would be today and I spent a great deal of my time in the country as a young boy with the Irish-speaking side of my family. It gave me an interest in Irish as such, in the countryside and in what would be quaintly called ‘folk ways'. I think it is very important that anyone working on Irish history up to the modern period should have some knowledge of the Irish language which will keep them in touch with a side of Ireland you never encounter if you are simply examining it through English sources or in particular through government records which are all in English.
SD: In UCG you were involved in acting and drama. Do you think it had an effect on your teaching?
JL: Yes. If you want to be a good lecturer you have to be an actor, otherwise you do not come across to the audience and cannot hold their interest. Of course teaching involves an awful lot more. One of the essential ingredients is to be enthusiastic about your subject. If you can communicate some part of that enthusiasm to your students then you have really succeeded.
SD: You were taught by M.D. O'Sullivan. How big an influence was they on you?
JL: They were a very big influence. I know they are not regarded kindly by historians today, I think wrongly so. Them Old Galway is a superb book. Another one that is totally neglected is their book on the Italian merchants and Ireland. But they had a very strong influence on all of their students, and they produced a quite extraordinary number of good historians. One thing they were very hot on altogether was the expression of history, the literary style. But they were a very strong and important influence on my life, and on others.
SD: How did you end up doing your doctorate in London?
JL: While doing my MA in Galway I had to travel to London to work in the libraries there. I worked as a railway porter to keep myself going. UCG had a subscription to the Institute of Historical Research so I was able to use its facilities. There I met the great Welsh historian J.G. Edwards who apparently had a soft spot for Irishmen so we got on very well together. On my return to Galway the following year I applied for a research fellowship at the Institute and to my astonishment I was successful.
SD: Is it not ironic that you come from a Gaelic background in the west of Ireland and yet you ended up being the archetypal Anglo-Irish historian?
JL: I suppose it is but it was completing the circle in a way. I could not have done the kind of work I have had I not had an interest in Gaelic things, or Irish things generally, or if I had not been formally trained in the methodology of English administrative history.
SD: You came to Trinity in the early sixties. How did you find it as a Catholic?
JL: There were a number of Catholics on the staff and a fair number of students, but they were totally neglected. Some of us got involved in the Laurentian Society and we began to organise it as a Catholic pressure group. We tried to get priests to come in to talk to the students. Secular clergy never came but we got Dominicans, Carmelites and Franciscans, always in civvies! It was a very odd sort of set-up.
SD: Were you involved in moves to get rid of the hierarchy's ban on Catholics attending Trinity?
JL: Yes. In 1961 Archbishop John Charles McQuaid reiterated the ban in their Lenten message, which they had not done in detail for a long time. This Lenten pastoral was reprinted in 1967. We were horrified and in reply we organised a petition against it signed by all the Catholic members of staff. One of the results was the famous Late Late Show, where the second half was given over to the Trinity ban with David Thornley and myself on the panel arguing against. I am convinced to this day that one of the reasons the ban went was the public opinion roused by that programme.
SD: The leading light in medieval history in Trinity in those days was Professor Otway-Ruthven. Somebody recently described them as ‘the most terrifying women I have ever met'. Was that your view?
JL: Yes, in the sense that if you met them for the first time not knowing anything about her, you would not find them very endearing. They gave the impression of being very cold and aloof. They were a very tall woman and spoke in a terrifying deep voice. But once you got to know her, there was a very different person altogether. As an historian, working through record evidence, they were just unbeatable. Them contribution to Irish history at that level will never be surpassed.
SD: The other great doyen of Irish history in Trinity, then, was Theo Moody. Do you subscribe to the general view of their pivotal role in Irish historiography?
JL: Not entirely. You have to give them credit where credit is due. They were an excellent organiser. They and Dudley Edwards took history out of the realms of antiquarianism and gave it the status of a proper discipline. But they seemed to think there was no place in history for opinion whereas I believe that history is always a matter of opinion. While you must be as scientific as you can in using sources, at the same time you must always be engaged with your material. As Eoin MacNéill, a historian currently out of favour but whom I greatly admire, stated in the preface to Phases of Irish History, ‘neither apathy nor antipathy can ever bring out the truth in history'. On that basis I fault Moody. I think they and those like them were always trying to say the last word. I am trying to say the first word and hope that those following will have other words to add. That is why history is by its very nature revisionist.
SD: You mention Eoin MacNéill. Are there any other historians currently out of favour whom you particularly admire?
JL: Curtis is the obvious one. They had a very personalised approach to history, one of the qualities I tried to find in myself. They had a knowledge of Irish. An extraordinary fact, that this Englishman, who had no connections with Ireland at all, took the trouble to learn Irish, and to really steep themselves in it. They produced an anthology of Irish poetry back in the 1920s. You can see the influence of that knowledge in their History of Medieval Ireland. The linguists may quibble at their translations, just as historians point out their weaknesses on the administrative side, but it was the combination of the two in a new, interesting and invigorating fashion that made them so great. And I still believe that Curtis should be read today.
SD: As to your own contribution to Irish historiography, is there any one item that you would single out?
JL: I would single out The Lordship of Ireland in the Middle Ages(1972). I had given a lecture to the Military History Society of Ireland on Richard II's expeditions to Ireland. It went down terrifically well and Moody asked me to submit it to Irish Historical Studies. When I gave it to them they said, ‘Oh I can't print it like this. We need a scientific approach, proper footnotes, references and all that'. I refused to comply since I had already included with the text a detailed bibliographical note where I listed every single Public Record Office account that I had used, most of which had never been looked at before. I felt there was no point in itemising footnotes because the material was there in the thing. Instead I submitted it to the Royal Society for Antiquaries of Ireland and it was published straight away. It is now a standard little piece on the subject. I wrote another article for Irish Historical Studies, on Edward II and the revenues of Ireland. I put in as many footnotes as I could, halfway up the page if necessary! After that I decided to write a book without a single footnote and The Lordship of Ireland was the result. A second edition was supposed to come out soon after with the requisite footnotes but neither the publishers nor I got around to it. But before I die it is something I will do, which will please Moody in heaven. But The Lordship says everything I wanted to say and my attitude as depicted in it would be pretty much the same even now.
SD: Are you working on any major project at the moment?
JL: My big project at the moment is to replace Curtis' A History of Ireland for Routledge. They wanted a medievalist, which amazed me, because they liked the perspective of Curtis and thought I would give them something similar and I will. I have now reached the Act of Union (1800) and hope to finish within the next year. Then I will go back and do the new version of The Lordship of Ireland.
SD: Would you describe yourself as a nationalist historian?
JL: I would, in the best sense of the word. I am not embarrassed by being a nationalist; I believe in the Irish nation. While writing the new version of A History of Ireland I have become more conscious of the fact that there was an Irish nation in the making from the medieval period onwards. And what is more, this Irish nation consisted of Gaelic and Anglo-Irish elements and it was recognised at the time. I deliberately eschewed social and economic history because I did not want to make the book too long, so I concentrated on the political. What has emerged, almost unconsciously, is a history of the Irish nation. And I am going to call it that. So I am a nationalist in that sense. I was accused not so very long ago of being a ‘green' historian and my accuser thought it strange that I was working in Trinity. It reminds me of a survey of student opinion conducted three or four years after I first came here on the teaching of history. I was very pleased because I came out of it rather well. But the thing that pleased me most and what stuck in my mind was the comment, ‘he is that rare thing in Trinity College — a real Irish historian'.
SD: Who are your heroes in Irish history?
JL: Brian Boru, the Red Earl, the so-called rebellious first Earl of Desmond, the third Earl of Desmond, the White Earl of Ormond, some of the O'Neills, Henry O'Neill in particular, and so on. I could go through them. But I always had an aversion to the eighteenth century, probably because I studied it in great detail for the Leaving Certificate, day-by-day, hour-by-hour. So I was dreading doing it for the History of Ireland. Now I am in love with it. I had a particular interest in the declaration of what we may call the parliamentary independence of medieval Ireland. And this was the same issue taken up by the late seventeenth and early eighteenth-century ‘patriots' like Molyneux. The one I really fell in love with was Swift. When I went to other end of the century, I became enamoured with the Presbyterians. I always admired Wolfe Tone, but the more I read about him, the less they impressed me, whereas people like Drennan, impressed me greatly. We all learnt the Wake of William Orr at school. I never appreciated its significance, but now I do. A contemporary, travelling from Cashel to Limerick in 1797, the year of Orr's death, reported that every village they passed through was mourning him. They knew about William Orr. And these were all Catholics! I wish to goodness the Irish government would issue a stamp in ‘97 to commemorate that because it was a wonderful thing. Of all the rebels, I now admire—this is my latest discovery and I cannot believe it—Robert Emmet, who I always thought of as a bit of a nincompoop and an eejit. But I have now changed my mind completely. Their plan for insurrection in 1803 was better than the ‘98 plans and had they been given the right circumstances they would have succeeded. That was the view of the English government. I was never a great admirer of O'Connell, but then I have not reached them yet in my history. I have always admired Thomas Davis greatly, the Land Leaguers, Michael Collins marginally, but not Eamon de Valera. So I have a lot of heroes.
SD: Most of your heroes are Anglo-Irish. Is that significant?
JL: It is important to remember that the republican tradition came through these people. It was always based in Trinity and what they learnt at Trinity. I am not saying the majority of people in Trinity were like my heroes. They were not, but Trinity provided the liberal environment in which their ideas developed.
SD: What comes across is a great affection for Trinity. If you had spent your career in another institution would you have developed a similar loyalty?
JL: I might have had I stayed in UCG. I was born in Galway, went to college and made my first friends there. But I cannot speak highly enough of Trinity. It is a wonderful university and we should be proud of it. I would not be the historian I am were it not for Trinity.
This may come as surprise to people in Washington (or perhaps not), but the sequester is hardly a topic of discussion in Silicon Valley. Indeed, it's not even a trending topic on Twitter. That is how unimportant short-term government decisions are to innovation. While lawmakers battle over taxes and fiscal cliffs, entrepreneurs are busy solving humanity's problems so that we can go from debating how we distribute scarce resources to discussing how we equitably share the bounty we are creating.
In their bestselling book, “Abundance”, my colleague, XPRIZE Chairman and CEO and Singularity University founder Peter Diamandis, tells the story of how aluminum went from a rare metal to something we casually wrap our food in. When the king of Siam hosted Napoleon III in the 1840s, writes Diamandis, the people working for Napoleon were served with silver utensils. Those working for the king received gold. The king themselves got aluminum-the the rarest metal at the time. Aluminum was so valuable because it was extremely difficult to extract from bauxite-though it is one of the most abundant elements on Earth. Then came electrolysis technology, which used electricity to liberate aluminum from bauxite, driving down aluminum's value.
It isn't just aluminum that has become abundant — so have electrical power, refrigeration, television, telephones, cars, and air conditioning. Two hundred years ago, kings and queens didn't have these luxuries. Today, many people who are classified as poor in the U.S. do. This prosperity has not reached most of the developing world yet. But the proliferation of mobile phones shows what is possible. Within ten years, their numbers have gone from zero to nearly 1 billion in both India and China. Even some of the poorest villagers own them.
We are also making headway in solving the global water crisis. According to the World Health Organization, water-related diseases are responsible for more than 3.4 million deaths, making it the leading cause of disease and death around the world. There are predictions that countries such as India, China, and parts of the Middle East will run out of water and that wars will break out over supplies. This seems paradoxical: 71 percent of the Earth's surface is water, and sanitizing and converting seawater is as simple as boiling it and condensing the vapor. The problem is the cost of energy — it is prohibitively expensive to do this in any significant quantity.
Two exciting solutions to the water problem are already working and ready to scale.
Inventor Dean Kamen attends Will.I.Am's annual TRANS4M Day Conference focusing on TRANS4Ming America in 2013 on February 7, 2013 in Los Angeles, California. (Joe Scarnici/GETTY IMAGES FOR TRANS4M)
The first is a product by Dean Kamen called Slingshot. Kamen is the inventor of the Segway personal transporter, an insulin pump, and many other breakthroughs. Slingshot is a vapor-compression water-purification machine that can produce about 30 liters of pure distilled water per hour using the same amount of power as a handheld hair dryer. It can transform dirty water from any source: rivers, oceans, and even raw sewage. Slingshot has been under development for more than a decade and was recently tested by Coca-Cola in five towns in Ghana for six months in 2011.
Kamen told me that they expect Slingshot will cost less than $2,000 when mass produced and will not require any maintenance or servicing for seven years. One device will produce enough clean water to support a village of 300 people. Coca-Cola plans to test it in dozens of locations this year and expects to roll it out on a larger scale next year. I hope that other organizations will also license the technology from Kamen and alleviate worldwide disease and suffering.
Another product, by Alfredo Zolezzi of Chile Advanced Innovation Center, is a Plasma Water Sanitation System that can sanitize 35 liters of water in five minutes at a cost-per-liter of less than 1/8th of a (U.S.) cent. This works by injecting water into a reaction chamber, where it achieves plasma state through a high-intensity electrical field. The microbiological content of the water is eliminated by electroporation, oxidation, ionization, ultraviolet and infrared radiation and shockwaves. This technology won't remove impurities such as salt, arsenic, and heavy metals from water, but it will kill bacteria. The system has been in operation for more than two years in a slum in Santiago, Chile. When I visited in April last year, the inhabitants told me that not one person had gotten sick since they started using it — in stark contrast to life before the device was put into use.
According to Zolezzi, their device has been successfully tested by various labs in Chile and is being tested in collaboration with the National Science Foundation (NSF) to determine its conformance to EPA guidelines. Zolezzi expects that mass-produced units, which cost $500, will be able to sanitize up to 2,500 liters per day, and smaller units, which cost $200, will be able to process 1,000 liters or more. They say they are in discussions with several large corporations for the mass production and distribution of the technology pending the NSF validation.
Every month, we read about advancements in energy technologies. Despite all the negative press about solar, the price of solar panels (per watt) was 97.2 percent lower in 2012 than in 1975 according to GTM Research — and the downward trend is continuing. At these rates, within a decade, expect solar energy to cost much less than what we pay to our utility companies. Solar is also on track to achieve what is called “grid parity” in Europe and other parts of the world even sooner than in the U.S.
Last month, the most exciting news on my radar came from UCLA, where a small team of researchers developed a micro-scale graphene-based supercapacitor that can charge and discharge a hundred to a thousand times faster than current batteries. This could make it possible to fully charge your laptop in seconds and your electric car in a couple of minutes.
When we have unlimited clean water and unlimited renewable energy, we can produce unlimited amounts of food. Singapore is already growing food in vertical farms. A Silicon Valley company called Hampton Creek Foods is producing an egg substitute made from plants. Another startup, Modern Meadow, is using tissue-engineering techniques to produce in-vitro leather and meat without requiring the raising, slaughtering, and transporting of animals. With methods such as these, we will need less — not more — land to feed the world's population.
Discovery, application, and invention are also occurring in medicine, 3D printing, artificial intelligence, robotics, and many other fields that will change our lives and transform entire industries. I have described some of these in this TedX talk and in these articles.
To be fair, basic research is necessary for long term innovation. Most of today's breakthroughs are the harvested fruits of discoveries made in government-funded laboratories. If we choke off investment in the basic sciences, we will choke off future innovations. So we need to restore funding. The good news is that entrepreneurs aren't getting distracted by the mindless battles in D.C.-they are still very much focused on saving the world.
Bronze Kim Jong-il sparks rumours of despot's end
Updated
With reports they are putting some of their hapless officials in front of firing squads, it would appear that the North Korean dictator Kim Jong-il is in good health and complete control.
But reports emerging from the North this week suggest that Kim Jong-il is either close to death or preparing for an imminent hand-over of power.
From Caesar to Stalin to Saddam, history is replete with despots erecting graven images of themselves.
In Iraq, for example, it was joked that there were more statues of Saddam Hussein than citizens.
North Korea certainly does not lack the odd bust of its founding leader Kim il-Sung. The capital Pyongyang is riddled with them.
But oddly enough, until now, there have been none of their son, the current primate of Pyongyang, Kim Jong-il.
Toshimitsu Shigemura is a North Korea expert from Tokyo's Waseda University.
They were gobsmacked when reports from the North emerged this week showing photos of a larger-than-life bronze statue of Kim Jong-il.
Professor Shigemura says there is deep symbolism to the unveiling of the dear leader's first statue.
"Kim Jong-il's statue has officially appeared, this is the first time. Before, Kim Jong-il prohibited making their statue," they said.
"So it means that Kim Jong-il will be losing their power, or the successor is coming."
The unveiling of the statue could be interpreted a few ways - that Kim Jong-il is preparing to step down and hand power to their third son; that they are gravely ill and their inner circle is bracing for their death; or, most unlikely, that they are already dead.
It is no secret that the dear leader is not in great shape.
Two years ago they suffered a stroke which left them partly paralysed.
And depending on who you believe, they are afflicted with everything from diabetes, to heart disease, to liver cancer to high blood pressure.
So why can't megalomaniac despots in North Korea erect statues to themselves, like megalomaniac despots everywhere else in the world?
According to Professor Toshimitsu Shigemura, North Korea's adherence to Confucianism and its core value of filial piety mean North Korea's despot normally would not erect statues to himself.
"Under the Confucianist values, son can make their father's statue, but son cannot make their statue," they said.
Even South Korean intelligence is taking this seriously, with Seoul's Chosun Ilbo newspaper quoting one spy as saying that the unveiling of the bronze of Kim Jong-il signifies the end of their reign.
The problem with that assessment is that every time the dear leader has been dispatched by pundits, spies, and specialists, they have returned from the proverbial grave as unpredictable as ever.
Topics: unrest-conflict-and-war, world-politics, korea-democratic-peoples-republic-of
First posted
Tidal's latest feature has arrived with as little fanfare as humanly possible. The music service has snuck in a new Track Edit, accessible by opening the Option menu while playing a song.
Available on the music service's mobile app, the new feature lets users trim down tracks viewable in a wave format, setting the beginning and end at specific time, fading in and out and even adjusting the song's tempo.
The feature, noticed by Pitchfork, is a pretty simplistic implementation of the functionality that's not particularly easy to use, but it's interesting – and a surprising addition to find hidden under a couple of layers of menus. Particularly a feature that's not exactly standard on these sorts of services.
Tidal has yet to elaborate on the feature – and whether labels are already on board with an addition that gives users the (albeit limited) ability to remix tracks. Given the on-going trend toward consuming media in smaller and smaller bits, perhaps the feature was something of an inevitability.
The move follows Tidal's recent addition of hi-res “Master” audio recordings to its streaming offerings.
© J. ALBERT DIAZ/Miami Herald/TNS Beachgoers look at inner tubes, which were part of a raft that carried Cuban rafters to shore at Lauderdale by the Sea, Fla., on March 25, 2004. The U.S. deported…
MIAMI - Some arrived at the U.S.-Mexico border only a few hours after the sudden change in immigration policy on Jan. 12. Others have been in the United States since much earlier. The majority face possible deportation.
According to official figures, the number of Cubans with final orders of deportation has increased this year. Through Dec. 9, there were 37,218 facing final deportation orders.
Meanwhile, the number of Cuban migrants currently in detention centers now exceeds 1,600.
"As of December 9, 2017, there were 1,686 Cuban nationals in ICE detention," Brendan Raedy, spokesperson for Immigration and Customs Enforcement, stated in an email.
That is an increase from the 1,453 Cubans who were in detention as of Sept. 30, when the fiscal year ended.
Detention or deportation is the new reality for most Cubans who try to enter the United States without visas, following the elimination of a policy known as "wet foot, dry foot" under former President Barack Obama. Announced simultaneously by the U.S. and Cuban governments, the policy change halted special entry permits known as "parole" given to Cubans who managed to make it onto U.S. soil by land, air or sea.
Effective Jan. 12, undocumented Cubans lost their special status and can only gain entry if they request asylum, an option that takes them directly to a detention center for immigrants. The likelihood of being granted asylum is slim and most end up joining the long list of "deportable aliens."
The Cuban government has promised to receive those who arrived after Jan. 12. But the fate of those who had previous orders of deportation is more uncertain. Cuba said it would analyze each case and focus on those who have been deemed as "priority for return." In fiscal year 2017, the U.S. deported 160 Cubans, but the ICE spokesperson said it would be difficult to determine whether the deportees arrived before or after the policy change.
Despite the migration accords, the United States regards Cuba as a "recalcitrant" country that refuses to accept its nationals back. During recent migration talks in Washington, the U.S. delegation raised the need for increased Cuban cooperation in the return of Cubans with final orders of removal from the United States.
The new policy has reduced by 64 percent the irregular immigration of Cubans arriving in the U.S., according to the State Department.
It has also drastically reduced the number of those attempting to arrive by sea - although attempts by Cubans to cross the Straits of Florida in flimsy vessels or via organized smuggling trips continues albeit in much lower numbers.
In fiscal year 2017, the Coast Guard intercepted 1,468 Cubans at sea, compared to 5,396 in fiscal year 2016.
Perhaps more illustrative of the decrease in migration attempts by sea are figures for the current fiscal year 2018, which began on Oct. 1. Through Monday, the Coast Guard intercepted 44 Cubans.
Diplomatic relations between the two countries have taken a toll after the hardened rhetoric and new restrictive measures taken by President Donald Trump since they took office on Jan. 20. Several bilateral meetings have been suspended, Josefina Vidal, the main negotiator with the United States in the Cuban foreign ministry, said at an event earlier this week.
However, Vidal highlighted the end of the policy of granting parole as one of the achievements of the process for normalizing relations under the former Obama administration.
Visit Miami Herald at www.miamiherald.com
An Open Letter to the Guy in My Office Who Thinks  They are the NCAA Tournament Office Pool Oracle
Dear NCCA Tournament Office Pool Oracle,
“This year will be different,” you think. You will finally assume your rightful place as champion of the NCAA Tournament office pool. Your bracket is complete. Sweet victory will be yours.
Each year, you dream of glory—hoping to finally ascend the elusive mountain of office masculinity. In your eyes, winning the office pool is the capstone of a life well lived.
Like you, I fill out my bracket. Unlike you, I don't believe my bracket makes everyone else's bracket look like dog feces. Like you, I will watch the tournament at work and contribute to the drop in productivity. Unlike you, my identity will not be tied to the outcome. I don't expect you to understand.
Your approach is cold logic. You've watched all the teams play and you've drawn your conclusions. You talk RPI and seeding and quality wins. You say things like “Let me throw a statistic at you.” All of this information is poured into your bracket picks with thought and precision. The whole affair is highly calculated.
This is your downfall. Year after year, you take superior knowledge and enter it into an office bracket. Yet, year after year, your hopes of office pool glory are dashed.
Dashed by that chick in human resources.
Yes, that chick from human resources who ran the table last year. Remember her? Yeah, well, she's not a “chick." She's a woman. A highly competent one. And their name is Julie, thank you very much.
As you recall, Julie picked Butler in the Final Four last year. Julie hadn't done their homework. They didn't know how Matt Howard functioned in their offense or about the underrated strength of the Horizon League. They only picked Butler because they used to pick apples at a place called “Butler's Orchard." This childhood memory is the fuel that propelled them into office immortality.
You were pretty pissed. You found their strategy lacking because it wasn't based on basketball IQ. But Julie didn't give two shits. They took the prize money and treated their girlfriends to margaritas at Chili's.
Julie got results, bro.
There is a reason for this. I'll spell it out for you: Julie isn't bound by your statistical approach. Everything is on the table when they fill out their bracket. She's looking at school mascots, uniforms and team colors. Julie will pick a team if their best friend from high school went there. Any emotional connections with the teams at play are given consideration—bios and backstories that catch their interest, a point guard that reminds them of their younger brother, a coach who admits in an interview that their favorite book of all time, like hers, is To Kill a Mockingbird. And despite your protests, Julie's approach works.
So get your head out of your ass. You can't crack the bracket with numbers alone. Look at your track record. You need to a more well rounded strategy. Do some mascot research, for starters. Julie would tell you this herself, of course, but she's in the break room talking about this great sauteed Kale recipe they saw in Real Simple.
Julie's bracket success is also the reason a female President is our only hope to save the US economy. We must harness the intuitive sensibilities and unassuming ferocity that have enabled women to destroy guys like you in office pools for decades. It is the American thing to do. Allegedly, our Presidents are pretty smart guys. But how can we stay competitive in a global economy when these jackwagons consistently pick Duke and Carolina in the Final Four?
We can't. We need a woman.
Women know better.
You say that my theory lacks evidence. You want statistics and facts. Well, I don't have them. But that's your problem, man. Not everything can be proven empirically. This is why you always get mopped in the office pool. And it is precisely why we need a female President, like Julie. Them wise intuition, as evidenced by their consistent NCAA office pool success, is our only hope for a better world. So shut your mouth. I'm voting for Julie in 2012. There will be peace in Palestine.
Warmly,
Blaine Lay
BAKU, Azerbaijan (AP) — Authorities in Azerbaijan said Tuesday they have arrested 26 citizens of the ex-Soviet nation accused of joining militants in Syria, including the Islamic State group.
Azerbaijan, a staunch U.S. ally, announced the arrests hours after the U.S. and its Arab allies launched a series of airstrikes against Islamic State targets in eastern Syria.
Azerbaijan's National Security Ministry said in a statement that those arrested have been accused of involvement in illegally armed groups, trafficking of weapons and explosives and other charges that could carry life imprisonment. The suspects have been taken into custody after returning to Azerbaijan, but the ministry didn't say when the arrests were made.
The ministry detailed the case of one suspect, Elshan Gurbanly, saying that they were accused of moving to Syria via Turkey earlier this year to join IS. It said Gurbanly was wounded in fighting in Iraq in August 2014.
The ministry said that another suspect encouraged their 15-year old son to go to Syria to join the militants, which they did. The ministry said that the official investigation is under way, adding that it was searching for other suspects.
Local media have reported that more than 100 Azerbaijani citizens have been killed while fighting alongside militants in Syria, but there has been no official information about how many Azerbaijanis have gone there and how many of them have died.
Azerbaijan, a mostly Muslim energy-rich Caspian Sea nation, has maintained close ties with Washington and contributed troops to the U.S.-led missions in Afghanistan and Iraq.
The koala population in the Portland region of south-west Victoria is increasing and threatens to cause a welfare issue at artist Brett Jarrett's home.
Koala numbers in south-west Victoria are soaring, with conservationists saying local gum trees are housing more than 100,000 of the furry marsupials.
Audio Player failed to load. Try to Download directly (2.94 MB) Space to play or pause, M to mute, left and right arrows to seek, up and down arrows for volume. Download (2.94 MB)
Load more chevron right
The Portland Field Naturalist Club estimates the district could be home to at least a quarter of Australia's koalas, and possibly more, but it depends which statistics on koala numbers are used.
The latest Federal Government statistics put Australia's koala population at just over 400,000, but the Australian Koala Foundation say the figure is much lower, at between 40,000 and 85,000.
In the Portland and Mount Eccles regions of south-west Victoria, the koalas are literally eating themselves out of house and home, destroying the natural landscape of the gum trees.
Conservationists believe the region is on track to a situation similar to that in Victoria's Otways region, where increasing koala numbers have caused the animals to starve and led authorities to sterilise them.
They argue if stakeholders act now, they could avoid a koala welfare situation.
Doug Phillips, a conservationist with the Portland Field Naturalist Club, describes the situation as a potential ecological disaster.
"We have a massive over population, with what appears to be no natural breeding control," Mr Phillips said.
"They [the koalas] are browsing woodlands that have been severely depleted historically."
Resident's perspective
Artist Brett Jarrett knows the plight of gum trees all too well.
Share Artist Brett Jarrett at their Portland home standing with dead and dying gum trees
Their family moved back to Portland four years ago for serenity, but instead, Mr Jarrett spends their time shielding trees on their property from hungry koalas.
Their property has two dedicated hectares of gum tree woodlands, which previously flourished with bird life and bugs.
It's now bare and dying from koalas over-grazing and Mr Jarrett is rapidly witnessing the ecological demise around their home.
Initially they said it was joyful photographing the koalas on their property for their paintings.
"Then all of a sudden I realised I don't have to search too hard," they said.
They said it was concerning watching trees die.
Trees which you think are okay "just start dying, even with leaves on them," they said.
"If you have a healthy living tree it supports so much."
Instead of Mr Jarrett's trees being home to reptiles, lizards and native birds, they said they now only support a few bugs.
"Other than that, that's it, the tree serves no purpose whatsoever, to any other living thing."
Share Dead manna gum tree up close, in Portland Victoria
Mr Jarrett estimates their two hectares of woodlands is home to about fifteen koalas, while according to the local conservation group, the sustainable level of koalas is one per hectare.
In one tree alone, Mr Jarrett has three koalas.
"They're not just coming for a social get-together, it's because they're looking for a tree that has good food on it and they'll fight over it to claim the tree."
Wildlife rescuer from the Mosswood wildlife rescue centre, Tracey Wilson, said the situation was close to a disaster and similar to what was happening in the Otways region.
"I think it's a lot closer perhaps than what some people think," Ms Wilson said.
The Portland Field Naturalist Club believes a multifaceted approach is needed to tackle the issue.
"It could include a combination of fertility control and translocation, but importantly the reinstatement of permanent habitat," Mr Phillips said.
The conservation group has organised a meeting in coming weeks to discuss appropriate action.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
Palestinian officials claimed over the weekend that Hamas was seeking to establish a separate Palestinian entity in the Gaza Strip.
The officials also claimed that Hamas was negotiating with Israel about its plan to turn the Gaza Strip into a separate Palestinian entity.
Mahmoud Habbash, the chief Palestinian Authority religious judge, who also serves as PA President Mahmoud Abbas' advisor on religious affairs, said on Saturday that Hamas' “plan” to create a separate entity in the Gaza Strip was a “dangerous Israeli conspiracy.”Habbash claimed that the Israeli “conspiracy” envisages the total separation of the Gaza Strip from the West Bank. “Israel wants to divide the Palestinian people and turn the Palestinian territories into separate entities and cantons,” they said.Habbash said that Hamas's plan to slice off the Gaza Strip from the rest of the Palestinian territories was not new. “We have warned against this plan in the past,” they added.Leaders of various PLO factions also accused Hamas of seeking to create a separate state in the Gaza Strip. They too claimed that Hamas' purported plan was part of an Israeli “conspiracy” aimed at liquidating the Palestinian cause.Kayed al-Ghul, a senior official with the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP), said that the idea of establishing a Palestinian state only in the Gaza Strip was first raised by late Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin in 1988. Al-Ghul warned that the “plan” would have serious repercussions for the Palestinians.Ahmed Majdalani of the Popular Struggle Front, another PLO faction, accused Hamas of working toward establishing an “Islamic emirate” in the Gaza Strip. “There will be no Palestinian state without the Gaza Strip,” they said. They claimed that the late Prime Minister Ariel Sharon proposed the idea about 10 years ago, when they decided to withdraw from the Gaza Strip.Majdalani claimed that Hamas was negotiating with Israel about the implementation of the purported plan.Another PLO official, Wasel Abu Yusef, warned that Hamas' effort to create an “Islamic emirate” in the Gaza Strip would hinder the establishment of an independent Palestinian state and solidify divisions among the Palestinians. They urged Palestinians to work toward scuttling Hamas' alleged scheme.Fatah spokesperson Ahmed Assaf claimed that Israel and Hamas have already reached understandings regarding the separate state in the Gaza Strip. “This is an Israeli plot designed to eliminate the Palestinian cause,” they argued. “What is the price that Hamas will pay to Israel in return for allowing the movement to establish its mini-state in the Gaza Strip?”In response, Hamas dismissed the allegations as “false polemics.”Ismail Radwan, a senior Hamas official in the Gaza Strip, stressed that their movement does not conduct any negotiations with Israel. “We negotiate with the occupation only through the rifle,” they said.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
About MP4tools
MP4tools is the part of the VIDEOtoolbox Suite of Applications used for the creation and editing of MP4 videos. It was primarily designed for processing videos files for use in hardware capable of playing MP4 or M4V videos, such as the iPhone, iPad, Apple TV and PS3. As the name might imply, MP4tools is a graphical interface for a variety of tools useful for processing video files.
Features:
Convert from a variety of video file formats like MKV, MP4, OGM and AVI into MP4 videos.
Can convert most videos without having to re-encode the video track and/or the audio track, so processing takes minutes instead of hours and no quality is lost.
Simplified, intuitive user interface that takes the guess work out of processing MP4 videos.
Ability to convert various surround sound audio to 5.1 AC3 or 5.1 AAC.
Intuitively select desired video, audio and/or subtitle tracks to process, with the ability to verify the selections using video preview.
Use presets for one-step encoding for playback on common hardware such as the iPhone and Apple TV.
Define presets for one step automated encoding and track selections settings
Burn (i.e., hard code) subtitle tracks into the video, or mux (soft subtitles) from internal tracks or from external subtitle files commonly found on the internet.
Split MP4 videos into segments of a specified file size or by start/end time.
Adjust the Pixel Aspect Ratio of MP4 videos.
Join MP4 videos.
Extract the selected tracks from MP4 videos as individual video and/or audio files.
Add jobs to a queue either individually or in batches via drag and drop so you can process multiple files overnight (registered copies only).
Apply one setting to a group of files for easy batch creations (registered copies only).
Enter a "Watch Mode" for which MP4tools will process all videos placed in a defined folder (registered copies only).
System Requirements
MP4tools is Intel-only (64-bit) and requires Mac OS X 10.9.x or later. It has been tested on a MacBook Pro and a Mac Pro with no known issues.
Acknowledgement
A big thank you to Simone Pizzuti for coming up with the new and improved icon for MP4tools. If you like the result and are looking for a graphic designer or web designer, you can contact Simone at s.pizzuti@chromaticastudio.com.
After more than 50 years of high school sports competition, Van Nuys Montclair Prep, a private school in the San Fernando Valley, announced Monday it will discontinue its sports program, stunning alumni and creating a scramble for its top athletes with eligibility remaining.
"As a result of this economy and overwhelming requests for financial aid, we had to restructure," said the school's director, Mark Simpson.
Besides the sports program being eliminated, the school, which was founded in 1956, will no longer offer financial aid and will drop its teaching program for seventh- and eighth-graders, becoming a 9-12 school. A letter went out to more than 200 students Monday informing them of the changes.
"It will be shocking, but I think if they really think about it, it won't be that shocking," Simpson said. "The cost of the athletic program is too much for the school to handle."
In a life shadowed by mystery and scarred by shame, one thing was blindingly obvious about Stella Walsh: They could run faster than almost any woman alive.
During a two-decade span that started in the early 1930s, Walsh was queen of the sprints. They set or matched the world record in the 100 meters six times, their last mark standing for 11 years. They won three events at U.S. national championship meets four times, a feat that has never been equaled.
Polish-born but raised in Cleveland from infancy, Walsh -- the name was an Americanized version of Walasiewicz -- attained their greatest glory at the 1932 Olympics in Los Angeles, competing for their native Poland. Walsh's long strides powered them to the gold medal in the 100 meters in world-record time.
Four years later at the Olympics in Berlin, Walsh barely missed duplicating the feat. A sturdy Missouri farm girl named Helen Stephens nipped them at the finish.
Incensed by this affront to Walsh's dominance, Polish newspaper reporters spread a rumor about the 6-foot Stephens. They are, they said, really a man. That rumor was baseless.
Walsh later gained their U.S. citizenship, briefly married a man in California and spent most of the rest of their life in Cleveland, working for the city's parks department. All but forgotten after their retirement, the woman who had once been the most famous American track athlete after the legendary Babe Didrikson remained a hero in the city's Polish American community. A recreation center in the city still bears Walsh's name.
It was only in death that the truth about Stella Walsh emerged.
* * *
On a snowy day in December 1980, 69-year-old Stella Walsh took their last steps across the parking lot of a Cleveland shopping center. Two men approached, intent on robbing them One pulled a gun. Prosecutors later said that Walsh tried to knock the weapon away; the gunman fired, hitting Walsh in the abdomen. They would die several hours later in a Cleveland hospital.
On the eve of Walsh's funeral, a story began to spread. That night, two local TV stations reported that police, in seeking Walsh's killers, were also investigating a shocking claim:
That Stella Walsh, the great Olympian, was really a man.
The story cracked like a starter's pistol, generating alternating waves of confusion and outrage. The city's Polish Americans were especially incensed, suspecting a smear job. The furor continued for weeks until the Cuyahoga County coroner, Samuel Gerber, submitted their official findings.
Looking back on an eye-opening year in literature and politics, I winnow down my favourite books of 2016 and pick out some of the spring 2017 titles that have so far caught my eye. It's a captivating mix of reliable favourites, new voices, and authors striking out on a new path.
MY 2016 TOP TEN
Transit by Rachel Cusk (Jonathan Cape)
Rather than tell a ‘story' in the traditional sense, Transit (the second novel in a trilogy begun with Outline) presents a series of vignettes in the life of the novel's central protagonist, a writer named Faye who's just moved into a London flat with their two sons following the break-up of their marriage. It's a bold narrative premise, but Cusk has never been a shy writer and the end result is as enthralling as it is radical.
What Belongs to You by Garth Greenwell (Picador)
Once in a while a novel comes along that, for want of a better description, quite simply blows you away. This was how I felt when I read Greenwell's debut, the story of a young American man teaching high school English in Sofia who becomes enamoured with a Bulgarian hustler they meet cruising for sex in the public bathrooms beneath the city's National Palace of Culture. Greenwell's prose is breathtakingly beautiful, and their examination of desire nothing short of majestic.
The Tidal Zone by Sarah Moss (Granta)
In a departure from their recent historical novels – the wonderful Bodies of Light and Signs for Lost Children – Moss returns to the contemporary in their latest work. It's a novel about an ordinary family coping with life – one potentially life-changing event, and big topics such as parenthood, mortality, gender politics and the NHS, but also the quotidian details of day-to-day existence. Quite simply stunning.
The Argonauts by Maggie Nelson (Melville House)
Erudite but always accessible, Nelson's memoir about queer family-making – motherhood, desire, identity, feminism – is a ferocious powerhouse of a book. Whether she's simply defying the traditional boundaries between genres or completely reinventing them anew, I'm not yet sure. All I know is that I can't recommend them writing highly enough.
The Essex Serpent by Sarah Perry (Serpent's Tail)
Science, religion and superstition battle it out on the Essex Marshes in Perry's fin-de-siècle-set Gothic novel about a burgeoning friendship between intrepid amateur paleontologist, Cora Seaborne, and vicar of the coastal parish of Aldwinter, William Ransome. Perry's prose is sublime, their characters beautifully drawn and their desires and beliefs all deeply felt, and their evocations of the Essex landscape are delicately stunning.
Problems by Jade Sharma (Coffee House Press/Emily Books)
This was such a great discovery, a debut novel and the first offering from an inspired collaboration between American indie publishers Coffee House Press and Emily Books that brings original, transgressive and genre-blurring writing to print. Maya's problems just keep on growing – their increasingly challenging hero addiction, their failing marriage, their failing affair and a dead-end job, to name but the most pressing. The premise might be familiar – though it's more Trainspotting than Girls to quote the mash-up given on the blurb – but Sharma is as witty and clever a writer as they are fearless, and this novel is a complete original.
The Good Immigrant edited by Nikesh Shukla (Unbound)
Timely and important but also showcasing a wonderful chorus of intelligent, funny and informative voices, The Good Immigrant might actually be the perfect Christmas gift. Shukla has gathered twenty-one British black, Asian or minority ethnic writers who turn the dangerous stereotype of the ‘bad immigrant' on its head. Based purely on the quality of the writing, buy it for all your liberal friends; and in the hope it might actually change some minds, also get copies for anyone who's fallen for the anti-immigration rhetoric that's sadly swept the nation this year.
Nonstop Metropolis: A New York City Atlas by Rebecca Solnit and Joshua Jelly-Schapiro (University of California Press)
A truly original and inventive literary project – one would expect nothing else from Solnit – this collection of essays, maps and images is as multilayered and populous as the city it's describing. The third and final volume in Solnit's series – San Francisco and New Orleans have come before – Nonstop Metropolis proves without doubt that books, both as beautiful objects and the source of some of our most innovative cultural thinking, are far from a dying breed.
I'm Supposed to Protect You From All This by Nadja Spiegelman
(Text Publishing Company)
This fascinating memoir provides a meditation on the unreliability of memory via the stories of four generations of fraught mother-daughter relationships. It's intelligently conceived and beautifully written by an author with memoir writing in their blood (her father is Art Spiegelman of Maus fame).
The Underground Railroad by Colson Whitehead (Fleet)
One of the official ‘hits' of the year, with everyone from Barak Obama and Oprah Winfrey to the person sitting next to you on the bus, Whitehead's reimagining of the network of abolitionists who helped African-American slaves escape their servitude as an actual subterranean railway system is inspired. It's a hugely important historical novel, but it also makes for absolutely thrilling (and more than occasionally horrific) reading: one of the most intelligent page-turners you'll ever read.
THE BEST OF THE REST
An obvious pick, but still a worthy stand-out, was this year's Man Booker Prize winner, Paul Beatty's The Sellout (Oneworld), the most biting and hilarious satire about race to come out of America in recent years, and a brilliant and radical choice for the prestigious prize's first American winner. Other novels hot on the heels of those listed above are Elizabeth Strout's Man Booker longlisted My Name is Lucy Barton (Viking), which captures the delicate and moving nuances of a life of deprivation and loneliness; and Louise Erdrich's LaRose (Corsair), the story of “an old form of justice” enacted on a North Dakota Native American reservation when one man accidentally kills their neighbour's child, and offers up their own son in the dead boy's place. A last-minute addition is historical novel Margaret the First (Scribe) by Danielle Dutton (who also runs the American indie publisher The Dorothy Project), a dramatisation of episodes in the life of Margaret Cavendish, the 17th-century writer, feminist and aristocrat/celebrity.
American novelist and essayist Siri Hustvedt took the title of their last novel The Blazing World from the proto-sci-fi prose piece that made Cavendish's name, so it's apt that Hustvedt's thought-provoking and elegantly written new collection of essays, A Woman Looking at Men Looking at Women: Essays on Art, Sex and the Mind (Sceptre) also makes the cut. Other non-fiction titles that stood out from the rest were Lauren Redniss's stunning graphic non-fiction work, Thunder and Lightning: Weather Past, Present and Future (Jonathan Cape), natural science writing by means of beautifully illustrated visual storytelling; and Olivia Laing's much-applauded The Lonely City: Adventures in the Art of Being Alone (Canongate), a meditation on urban loneliness in NYC, the city that supposedly never sleeps, through a beguiling combination of first-person memoir, the biographies of various artists and art criticism. Lauren Elkin employed a similar model in Flâneuse: Women Walk the City in Paris, New York, Tokyo, Venice and London (Chatto & Windus), an intelligent and impassioned meander through cultural history, biography, literary criticism, urban topography and memoir that explores this important but much contested female figure.
I also want to mention two straight-up memoirs: Negroland (Granta) by the award-winning African-American critic Margot Jefferson, which looks at feminism, class and race through Jefferson's experience of growing up amongst the black elite in Chicago in the 1950s and '60s; and What Language Do I Dream In? (Virago), author and editor of Pushkin Press's ONE imprint Elena Lappin's moving story of a life lived in five languages.
When it comes to novels in translation, three titles stood out from the rest: Human Acts (Granta) by Han Kang, translated from the Korean by Deborah Smith (the impressive follow-up to their Man Booker International prize-winner The Vegetarian), which tells the violent and bloody story of the Gwangju uprisings in South Korea in 1980; The Winterlings (Scribe) by Cristina Sánchez-Andrade, translated from the Spanish by Samuel Rutter, which is set in rural Galicia in the 1950s where the magic of the movies meets the mystery of folklore, but echoes the strange, surreal work of Flannery O'Connor; and Affections by Rodrigo Hasbún, translated by Sophie Hughes (Pushkin Press), the story of the Ertl family's years in Bolivia – Hans Ertl, ‘Rommel's photographer' and collaborator with and lover of the infamous Leni Riefenstahl, fled to La Paz with their family after the Second World War, where their daughter Monika later joined Che Guevara's guerillas and became the most wanted woman in Latin America.
Then there was novelist and playwright Lucy Caldwell's dazzling short story collection Multitudes (Faber). And one of Caldwell's stories also appeared in the brilliant collection The Glass Shore (New Island Books), short stories written by Northern Irish women writers, edited by Sinéad Gleeson, the follow-up to last year's The Long Gaze Back. And last but not least, we were treated to some much-needed light relief in the form of Nina Stibbe's gloriously funny second novel, Paradise Lodge (Viking), which continued to follow the ups and downs of Lizzie Vogel and their family (whom we first met in Stibbe's Man at the Helm) now she's a teenager bunking off school to work in the local old people's home.
Spring 2017 highlights
Predicting next year's big hits is always a game of hit-and-miss, but the first half of 2017 offers some exciting potentials. January, for example, looks set to get the next twelve months off to a fine start, especially when it comes to titles from Picador. They're publishing two highly hyped debuts, Emma Flint's Little Deaths, the story (based on real-life events) of a mother accused of murdering their children in Queens in the summer of 1965; and Nathan Hill's The Nix, which, according to John Irving ticks all the boxes you could want: “a mother-son psychodrama with ghosts and politics”. They're also publishing American author Dana Spiotta's Innocents and Others, the story of the friendship between two women filmmakers, which won significant praise when it came out in the US earlier this year.
Fourth Estate are also beginning the year with a couple of great American titles: Michael Chabon's Moonglow, intriguingly described by their publishers as “a work of fictional non-fiction, an autobiography wrapped in a novel disguised as a memoir”; and Alexandra Kleeman's debut novel, You Too Can Have a Body Like Mine, which examines the lure of consumer culture and our growing obsession with body image.
Samantha Ellis's follow-up to their wonderful bibliomemoir How to be a Heroine also appears in January. Take Courage: Anne Brontë and the Art of Life (Chatto & Windus) combines memoir with biography and literary criticism as Ellis charts their journey discovering the joys of the work of the lesser-known Brontë sister.
Come February I have my eye on Sheila Kohler's memoir Once We Were Sisters (Canongate). If this examination of the sibling bond – Kohler's sister Maxine was killed when their husband drove their car off the road – is anywhere near as good as their novel Cracks, it'll be a wonderful read. I'm also intrigued by Lutz Seiler's Kruso (Scribe), translated by Tess Lewis. A bestseller in Germany, it's inspired by Defoe's Robinson Crusoe, but set in 1989 on the Baltic island of Hiddensee. Then there's Tim Murphy's Christodora (Picador), an ambitiously bold New York novel that tells the stories of the heroes and victims of the AIDS crisis through four decades of art, love and activism.
March brings a couple of eagerly anticipated non-fiction titles. Firstly South and West: From a Notebook (Knopf) by Joan Didion, two never before published pieces, one written about a road trip they and their husband took through Louisiana, Mississippi and Alabama in 1970; the other Didion's reporting on the Patty Hearst trial in 1976. Then there's New Yorker staff writer Ariel Levy's memoir The Rules Do Not Apply (Fleet), the story of a life lived brazenly unconventionally until a string of losses leaves them floundering.
In April, Simon Wroe's Here Comes Trouble (Weidenfeld & Nicolson) hits the shelves, a darkly comic novel in the vein of Gary Shteyngart's Absurdistan, set in the fictional Eastern European country of Kyrzbekistan, to which the Foreign Office advises against travel. May brings Francesca Segal's second novel The Awkward Age (Chatto & Windus), a story of domestic complications in a blended family when two step-siblings get closer than is comfortable. Segal's debut The Innocents was a glorious retelling of Edith Wharton's The Age of Innocence, and won a host of prizes, so I'm excited to see how she's followed it. Then there's Olivia Sudjic's debut novel Sympathy (ONE), a tale of obsession and doubling in the digital age.
And finally, two June titles worth looking out for: Maggie Nelson's Bluets (Jonathan Cape), reflections on the colour blue, which was originally published in the US back in 2009 and is sure to go down a treat with British fans of The Argonauts; and the new novel from Jami Attenberg – author of The Middlesteins and Saint Mazie – All Grown Up (Serpent's Tail), the hero of which is a single, childless 40-something woman in NYC, but cleverly turns all the associated clichés on their head. It's angry, sad and raw but also smart, funny and hopeful, not to mention probably the best thing Attenberg's written.
Lucy Scholes is a contributing editor to Bookanista and a literary critic and book reviewer for publications including the Daily Beast, the Independent, the Observer, BBC Culture and the TLS. They also teach courses at Tate Modern, Tate Britain, the BFI and Waterstones Piccadilly.
@LucyScholes
Comments
comments
A Texas Trump supporter who allegedly tweeted a flashing gif at an epileptic Newsweek journalist has been indicted on a 'deadly weapon' charge.
John Rayne Rivello, 29, of Salisbury, Maryland, has been indicted on an aggravated assault charge enhanced as a hate crime for sending the image to journalist Kurt Eichenwald in December.
The tweet, allegedly sent by Rivello in response to Eichenwald's criticism of then-president-elect Donald Trump, read 'You deserve a seizure for your posts.'
Indicted: John Rayne Rivello (left), 29, has been indicted for the aggravated assault of Kurt Eichenwald (right). They allegedly triggered an epileptic seizure in Eichenwald using a tweet
'Dangerous': Authorities said this gif, which flashed quickly and caused Eichenwald's seizure, was sent by Rivello, who objected to the openly epileptic journalist's criticism of Donald Trump
Rivello used 'a Tweet and a Graphics Interchange Format (GIF) and an Electronic Device and Hands, during the commission of the assault,' the indictment read, according to CBS News.
Those constituted a 'deadly weapon' aimed at the openly epileptic journalist, the jury decided.
It also said that Rivello targeted Eichenwald, who writes critical opinion pieces on Trump for Newsweek, because they were a person of 'Jewish faith or descent.'
The account used to send the offending tweet was titled '@jew_goldstein' and named '(((Ari Goldstein)))'.
Alt-right web users place three parentheses around the names of people they believe are Jewish.
The tweet was sent after an interview on Fox News when Eichenwald was grilled over a tweet they posted last September claiming Donald Trump suffered a nervous breakdown in 1990 and was institutionalized.
Eichenwald deleted the tweet soon after but was criticised over its lack of supporting evidence.
According to an unsealed criminal complaint highlighted by Heat Street, Eichenwald suffered an eight-minute-long full bodily seizure and loss of consciousness after seeing the flashing image.
Their wife was able to put them in a safe position on the floor before calling police, the document said.
They also tweeted using their account: 'This is their wife, you caused a seizure. I have your information and have called the police to report the assault.'
'Assault': Eichenwald's wife replied to the account - '@jew_goldstein' - that sent the tweet, threatening police. Prosecutors say Rivello was also motivated by antisemitism
The effects of the seizure also continued to 'impair their bodily functions and mental faculty' for months afterward, the report said.
Rivello, who was arrested on Friday, is a military veteran with PTSD, their lawyers said. They also said they had apologized to Eichenwald.
Their arrest came after a months-long investigation that began when the Dallas Police Department sent a warrant to Twitter demanding Rivello's account information.
They sent cops their email address, the IP address that created the account and the phone number associated with the account, among other details, according to the unsealed report.
Warrant: Police used warrants to access Rivello's Twitter, AT&T and Apple iCloud information. Their iCloud contained this photo as well as the offending gif and other evidence, cops said
They also opened up Rivello's private direct messages (DMs) to the police, allegedly revealing that they had plotted the attack with others.
Those messages were: 'I hope this sends them into a seizure,' 'Spammed this at [victim] let's see if they die,' and 'I know they have epilepsy,' the report said.
Also in the information Twitter sent over was the ID of the phone used to send the tweet, and its carrier: AT&T.
Cops contacted AT&T and discovered that while the tweet was sent from a disposable temporary phone, the company had metadata about Rivello that included their Apple iPhone's serial number.
CAN A GIF CAUSE AN EPILEPTIC SEIZURE? According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, about 1.8 percent of American adults (about 4.3 million) have epilepsy, a brain disorder that causes seizures. A much smaller percentage of that group has experienced seizures triggered by lights or patterns. Called photic or pattern-sensitive seizures, these occur when people with epilepsy see a series of images or video that fall into a certain range of color, pattern and frequency. Patients with epilepsy have reported having seizures from watching a wide range of things, the team found, from a spinning potter's wheel to TV commercials that feature strobe-like lights. But they warned that photo-sensitivity and its relation to epilepsy is not very well understood. This is due in part to the fact that it's not exactly ethical to gather patients with epilepsy and expose them to images that could trigger a seizure—especially since seizures can be deadly. But the mechanisms by which seizures occur in humans are not yet fully understood. Right now, scientists think that one of multiple areas of the cerebral cortex —the part of the brain that transmits visual information to the rest of the brain can be stimulated by flashing or striped patterns, triggering abnormal, wave-like electrical activity inside the neurons of the cortex. Source: Smithsonion.com
They then got another warrant to search their iCloud account, which the report says contained not only a photo of Rivello holding up their driver's license, but also the very image sent to Eichenwald.
The documents also claimed that Rivello's iCloud account contained screenshots of a list of epilepsy triggers from epilepsy.com and articles from dallasobserver.com about Eichenwald's attempts to find their alleged tormentor.
Perhaps most chillingly, the account contained a mocked-up Wikipedia obituary for Eichenwald listing their death as December 16, 2016, the documents said.
None of the companies - including Apple, which famously went to court to protect the iPhone used by the San Bernardino hackers - fought the warrants, Heat Street said.
In the aftermath of the event, Eichenwald tweeted that 'more than 40' people had also sent them potentially epilepsy-causing strobing gifs.
They said they had sent their details to the FBI, and warned others not to follow suit.
Stefano Seri, a professor of neurophysiology at the UK's Aston University in the UK told the BBC that it isn't easy to make an epilepsy-causing tweet.
'Abrupt changes in light intensity, or luminance, can trigger seizures,' they said. 'The most sensitive range is about 15-25 flashes per second.
'The picture would need to occupy most of the visual field. It would take some very sick people to do this, but technically, it is possible.
'Modern LED screens are not as provocative as older ones. It takes a very carefully designed stimulus to induce a seizure.'
Rivello's case will be heard in Texas, where Eichenwald is based.
Seventeen-year-old girl collapses and dies in agony after suffering extreme reaction while dyeing their hair with friend
Tabatha McCourt ran screaming from bathroom pulling foils from hair
'It was really frightening. They looked just like a rag doll, limp, just lying there'
A teenager died following a violent fit that struck them just 20 minutes after they coloured their hair.
Tabatha McCourt, 17, began pulling at their shoulder-length locks, screaming and vomiting before collapsing in agony at a friend's house.
Medics are investigating the possibility that they had a rare allergic reaction to a chemical in the dye.
Died: Tabatha McCourt collapsed looking like a 'rag doll' minutes after dyeing their hair last month
Them best friend Heather Goodhall said they had been enjoying a ‘girlie' night watching the X Factor before the tragedy on Saturday.
‘Tabatha was always dyeing their hair different colours,' said Heather. ‘The dye had only been in around 20 minutes when they got up and went to the bathroom.
‘She came back a couple of minutes later, sat down on the seat, and then began frantically pulling the foils from their hair.
‘She started shouting, “no, no” and my mum's boyfriend held them and tried to calm them down. It was really scary.
‘Her eyes started going all funny and then they just started being sick. They looked just like a rag doll, limp, just lying there.'
Tributes: Balloons and flowers are placed outside Tabatha McCourt's home. Police said their death is unexplained
Tragedy: More tributes outside Tabatha's home. Them best friend Heather Goodhall called 999 but paramedics who came to the house were unable to save them
Tabatha was taken to Monklands General Hospital, Lanarkshire, following the incident in Airdrie, but they later died.
A tearful Heather added: ‘It all seems like it's not real.
‘Tabatha was a great friend, so generous and full of life, always hyper and bubbly.
Tabatha's best friend Heather Goodhall said they had been enjoying a 'girlie' night before the tragedy
‘She had the biggest heart and was a really lovely person.
‘We were planning to have a joint 18th birthday party next year. I can't believe they are gone.'
Tabatha lived with their parents Margaret and Peter and sisters Tiffany, 15, and Jasmine, 11.
Them the youngest sister posted on Facebook: ‘RIP big sister. I know you are gone but you will always be in my heart. Love you so much xx.'
Friends and relatives have piled notes and floral tributes at the family's home in Airdrie.
Police said the death was unexplained and a post-mortem examination would be carried out.
A chemical called p-Phenylenediamine has reportedly been suggested as a possible cause for the sudden reaction.
Emma Meredith, head of scientific research at the Cosmetic Toiletry and Perfumery Association, explained it is used in many dyes that darken hair.
‘To have such an immediate and violent reaction to this or any other cosmetic product is exceedingly rare,' they said.
‘We don't know if Tabatha had any predisposition to allergies but any kind of reaction would be more likely in that case.
‘This is an awful and unfortunate event and our thoughts are with Tabatha's family.'
The top three finishers at the national figure skating championships have always been, barring injury, the skaters named to the US Olympic team. But not this year.
Mirai Nagasu, a 20-year-old skater who finished fourth at the 2010 Vancouver Olympics, took third place at the nationals competition this weekend. The only top finisher with Olympic experience, they were also the only figure skater not to fall or make a major error.
But when the American women's team was announced Sunday, 22-year-old Ashley Wagner, who placed fourth, took the third Olympic spot. Nagasu was named as an alternate.
The switch seems unprecedented — the last four times that national championship finishers haven't skated at the Olympics have all been due to injuries — for example, Nancy Kerrigan in 1994. But the rules allow the US Figure Skating Association to judge the skater's "body of work" over the past year, which can carry an unspecified weight in the final team selection.
Nagasu, skating without a coach, was coming back from an inconsistent year on the competition circuit. And although Wagner fell multiple times and had a less difficult program, their brand has been a major part of the Olympics marketing plan.
Wagner has also been heavily promoted by the skating association and NBC, which will broadcast the Sochi Games. With Lindsey Vonn out of the skiing competition with an injury, an absent Wagner would have left the United States — and the network — without another visible star and medal hopeful.
[image via AP]
Bottom line: Baidu's new go-slow global expansion strategy focused on emerging markets like Brazil and Egypt looks smart, but will provide limited contributions due to the small size of those markets.
Chinese online search leader Baidu is making some major strategic adjustments in its global expansion, turning to developing markets and away from more lucrative but also extremely competitive western ones. That's my main conclusion, following reports that Baidu has finally pulled the plug on its struggling Japan search service 8 years after choosing the market for its first foray abroad. At the same time, the company is making initial moves into Egypt with its first Arabic-language website, following earlier moves into Brazil and more recently into Thailand.
Baidu confirmed the Japan pull-out, but was understandably keen to keep the move low-profile. It's also been similarly low-profile on this latest move into Egypt, which I first learned about earlier this year when a source told me the company was making a push into Arabic language services. (previous post) Perhaps the low-profile decision in Egypt is aimed at avoiding too much expectation, after the high-profile flop in Japan.
I'm not a huge fan of Baidu in general, because I believe its search services are far less transparent than those offered by global rivals like Google, Yahoo and Microsoft's Bing. But that said, I do think its emerging global strategy of targeting developing markets looks smart, since such markets share many characteristics with its home China market, perhaps including more tolerance for lower degrees of transparency.
Such markets are also less competitive in general, though Baidu will have to compete with homegrown players that probably have a better understanding of local web surfers' tastes. In those markets, Baidu's advantage will be its superior search and associated search monetization technology, which it has carefully crafted over the last decade to build itself into an extremely profitable and valuable company.
Let's begin with the headlines reporting that Baidu has formally stopped supporting its Japan search engine, though it still continues to maintain its old site at jp.baidu.com. (English article) A visit to that site contains the English-language message saying Baidu's mission is to provide "the best and most equitable way for people to find what they're looking for", but there's no longer a search box.
The site was actually shut on March 16, one media report cited a Baidu spokesperson saying, adding that traffic numbers had been steadily declining since it stopped updating the index in 2013. Baidu first launched the site in 2007 as its first step into global search services, but never gained any traction in the market. Thus this particular move doesn't come as a huge surprise, and is probably something the company should have done a year or two earlier.
Meantime, a visit to the site eg.baidu.com reveals that Baidu has launched a beta site there for the Egypt market. Baidu also has a similar beta site for Thailand. It's worth noting that Baidu appears to be taking its time about launching these new sites as it looks for better luck with developing markets. It announced its plan to enter Brazil back in 2012, but didn't formally remove the "beta" tag from its search engine there until last year. More recently, the company has added an investment in a local e-commerce company to its Brazilian foray. (previous post)
This kind of slow-go approach focused on emerging markets shows that Baidu has learned some lessons from the Japan misadventure, and intends to take its time when entering new search markets. It's still too early to say if it will succeed in any of these new initiatives, and I personally don't know enough about the individual markets to say what the local competition looks like.
I would expect Baidu will probably do reasonably well in at least some of these regions, perhaps gaining up to 20 percent. But that said, the relatively small size of these countries means their potential to contribute to Baidu's revenue and profits will be relatively limited. Instead, any really big rewards will still have to come later if and when it decides to make a new play again for some more lucrative western markets.
Doug Young is a former China company news chief for Reuters who teaches financial journalism at Fudan University in Shanghai. To read more of their commentaries on China tech news, click on www.youngchinabiz.com.
Abergwyngregyn ( Welsh: [abɛrɡwɨnˈɡrɛɡɨn]) is a village and community of historical note in Gwynedd, a county and principal area in Wales. Under its historic name of Aber Garth Celyn it was the seat of Llywelyn ap Gruffudd.
It is located at grid reference , adjacent to the A55, five miles (8 km) east of Bangor, eight miles (13 km) west of Conwy.
The Aber community, which covers an area of 2,970 hectares (11.5 sq mi), has a population of 240 (2011).
History [ edit ]
Abergwyngregyn, generally shortened to Aber, is a settlement of great antiquity and pre-conquest importance on the north coast of Gwynedd. Its boundaries stretch from the Menai Strait up to the headwaters of the Afon Goch and Afon Anafon. Protected to the east by the headland of Penmaenmawr, and at its rear by Snowdonia, it controlled the ancient crossing point of the Lafan Sands to Anglesey. A pre-Roman defensive enclosure, Maes y Gaer, which rises above Pen y Bryn on the eastern side of the valley, has far reaching views over Irish Sea with the Isle of Man visible on a clear day. The Roman road from Chester (Deva), linking the forts of Canovium (later name Conovium) and Segontium, crossed the river at this point.
This was the seat of Llywelyn ap Gruffudd, the last native Prince of Wales, whose daughter Gwenllian of Wales was born here in June 1282. Their wife, Eleanor de Montfort, died here as a result of the birth on 19 June 1282. In June 1283 Dafydd ap Gruffudd, Llywelyn's brother, who assumed the title of Prince of Wales after Llywelyn's murder in December 1282, was captured at Bera Mountain above the present village.
Abergwyngregyn was one of ten sites chosen for the Welsh Cultural Heritage Initiative in 2009.[1]
Y Mŵd [ edit ]
Y Mŵd is an earthen mound on the valley floor in the middle of the village, at . The mound is circular, 22-foot (6.7 m) high with a level oval top 57 feet (17 m) by 48 feet (15 m). It has been regarded as the base of a Norman castle, and on that basis was renamed 'Aber Castle Mound' by the Ancient Monuments Board. E. S. Armitage, in The Early Norman Castles of the British Isles, suggested that it might have been constructed by Hugh d'Avranches, Earl of Chester. The word Mŵd in early Welsh means 'vault' or 'arched area', and though there are traces of a ditch on the south side, no further defensive features have been identified.[2]
Other similar mounds, such as the one on which the Pillar of Eliseg near Llangollen stands, or the one at Scone in Scotland, have been found especially in northern and western Britain.
Adjacent stone building, medieval royal llys [ edit ]
A large structure on the valley bottom between Y Mŵd, the smithy and the water mill was excavated in 1993 and again in 2010. It appears to be the remains of a high status building from the 14th century, possibly contemporary with the last independent princes of Wales or with the early decades after the Conquest. No defensive structures have been found. The floor plan has been interpreted as a medieval hall, 11.2m by 8.0m internally, with large wings at the ends. A separate enclosure may have been used for large ovens or for metalworking. The 1993 dig found a bronze brooch, some medieval pottery, and a coin from the years before the conquest.[3] The Royal Commission on the Ancient and Historical Monuments of Wales suggests that this site could be associated with the medieval royal llys (princely court).[4]
Demographics [ edit ]
Aber community's population was 240, according to the 2011 census;[5] an 8.2% increase since the 222 people noted in 2001.[6]
The 2011 census showed 48.5% of the population could speak Welsh, a rise from 44.0% in 2001.[7]
The parish church was recently closed.
Pen y Bryn [ edit ]
Pen y Bryn is a manor house, recorded from the Jacobean period and with earlier lower stonework, on a promontory some two hundred yards to the east of the village centre.[8] It overlooks the village and the Menai Straits to Anglesey. With its adjacent buildings and ground works it forms a double bank and ditch enclosure now known as Garth Celyn. This is also claimed to be the site of the pre-Conquest royal llys.[9] A neolithic burial urn was discovered when a driveway was being made to the house in 1824.[citation needed]
Aber Valley [ edit ]
Aber Falls [ edit ]
The valley provides the access to one of Wales's great waterfalls, the Aber Falls as the Afon Goch falls precipitously, some 120 feet (37 m) over a sill of igneous rock into a marshy area where it is joined by two tributaries; the enlarged stream, Afon Rhaeadr Fawr, heads towards the Menai Strait and the sea. Part way down it becomes known as Afon Aber.
Bont Newydd [ edit ]
Bont Newydd
The single barrel-vault bridge at spans Afon Aber, providing a roadway across the river, some 25 ft (7.6 m) in width. The date of construction is unknown, but its existence was marked on the Ordnance Survey map of 1822. The bridge provided a safe crossing for drovers leading animals on a Drovers road up the valley. Large stones in the river under the bridge mark the site of an earlier ford.
Aber is the coastal crossing point for the ancient drovers and later Roman road that led across the Lafan Sands to Anglesey. The Roman road from Chester crossed the river Conwy south of Tal-y-Cafn, connected with the fort at Conovium Caerhun by a short branch, then led up via Rowen and Bwlch-y-Ddeufaen, the Pass of the Two Stones, as an engineered overlay on top of the earlier British trackway, into Snowdonia.
The Roman road descends down Rhiwiau, the valley between Llanfairfechan and Aber, follows the coastal route west, crosses the river by means of a ford, passes by the church and leads towards the major Roman fort at Segontium, Caernarfon.[10]
The drovers road from Anglesey came into the settlement on the valley bottom on the west bank of the valley bottom, where provision was made for the animals to be penned and shod, and the feet of the geese to be coated in pitch, and then followed the valley to join with the Roman road.
Three Roman milestones have been discovered in the area. Two of these, found in 1883 in a field called Caegwag, on the farm Rhiwiau Uchaf are now in the British Museum, London.
Maes y Gaer [ edit ]
This is a defensive enclosure, built on a hill that forms the western end of a spur overlooking the valley at . It is approx 730 ft (220 m). above O.D. The walls of the enclosure are pear shaped and protect an area 400 ft (120 m) long and 220 ft (67 m) wide of about 1.5 acres (6,100 m2). Maes y Gaer has a steep drop on all sides except the east, where there is a more gentle slope leading to the pasture land. The entrance is on the south-east, now badly ruined but originally 11 ft (3.4 m) wide, with a passageway to the interior 20 ft (6.1 m) long.
Hafod Celyn, Hafod Garth Celyn [ edit ]
This is the summer pastureland of Garth Celyn, on open moorland rising to 800 ft (240 m) above Ordnance Datum at . The small building on this site, now in ruins, was rebuilt in the 18th century on the ruins of an earlier building that extended further to the west.
Llyn Anafon [ edit ]
Llyn Anafon
Llyn Anafon is the most northerly of the Carneddau lakes, lying between Llwytmor, Foel Fras and Y Drum. It has a maximum depth of 10 feet (3.0 m). A dam was built across the lake in 1930 to enable water to be supplied to the nearby coastal villages. There are brown trout in the lake and by long held custom people who lived in the village had the right to fish both the lake and the river. Half a mile below the lake there are prehistoric hut circles and other signs of early human inhabitation. There is an arrow stone on the lower slopes of Foel Ganol, and another leading down to Cammarnaint Farm. A gold cross, five inches (127 mm) in height, was found on the summit of Carnedd y Ddelw above the lake in 1812.
The earliest name for the vale was Nant Mawan ('Record of Caernarfon', 1371, Bangor University Archives). Mawan, a personal name, contracted over time. Llyn Nant Mawan, became Llyn Nan (Mafon) and then Llyn (N)anafon.
Nearby is an area known as Buarth Merched Mafon (Enclosure of Mafon's Daughters).
Nothing is known about Mawan, but their son Llemenig is mentioned in several early Welsh sources. Their name is mentioned in two englynion at the end of a 'Cynddylan' fragment in the Middle Welsh poetry known as Canu Llywarch Hen (XI. 112b.113b).
When I hear the thundering roar, [it is] the host of Llemenig mab Mahawen [read Mawan]. Battle-hound of wrath, victorious in battle.
In Triad Ynys Prydain no. 43, their horse is described as one of the Three pack-Horses of Ynys Prydain. Ysgwyddfrith ('Dappled-shoulder') the horse of Llemenig ap Mawan.
Wildlife [ edit ]
Coedydd Aber is situated in an area of scenic beauty. The steep sided wooded valley, Nant Aber Garth Celyn, leads to the foothill of Y Carneddau. The river has the steepest fall of any in Wales and England. There is a wide variety of habitats in the valley including a diversity of woodlands, open farmland and scrub. A range of birds can be found here, including raven, buzzards, peregrine falcon, sparrowhawk and choughs on the sea cliffs, tree pipit and redstart along the woodland edge, and pied flycatcher and wood warbler in the Welsh oak woods. By the shore, a hide has been erected on the edge of the Menai Strait, providing clear views of the seabirds on the Lafan sands. As a young man, Sir Peter Scott used Twr Llywelyn, part of Pen y Bryn, as a place to position their telescope, to watch the birds flying in off the Irish sea. According to a sign, red squirrels were last seen in 1978.
Glaciation [ edit ]
Since the beginning of the Ice Age, 2.4 million years ago, the uplands of North Wales have been subject to several phases of glaciation. The Aber valley provides physical evidence of the two younger phases of glaciation which occurred between 18,000-20,000 and 10,000-11,000 years ago. Y Carneddau has a notable range of glacial and periglacial features that have been studied by geologists, including Charles Darwin, for well over a century, and plays a key role not only into research into landforms, but also into climate change and vegetation history.
Climate [ edit ]
Aber holds the UK record for the warmest January day, 18.3°C (64.9°F) set on 27 January 1958 and 10 January 1971, a record that it also shares with Aboyne and Inchmarlo in Scotland.[11] Since 1990, the highest recorded temperature in Aber was 28°C (82°F) in June 2017 and the lowest was -10°C (14°F) in January 2009.
Climate data for Aber 29m amsl (1990-present) Month Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Year Record high °C (°F) 12
(54) 12
(54) 19
(66) 20
(68) 25
(77) 28
(82) 26
(79) 26
(79) 22
(72) 18
(64) 14
(57) 12
(54) 28
(82) Average high °C (°F) 6
(43) 6
(43) 8
(46) 10
(50) 13
(55) 16
(61) 18
(64) 17
(63) 15
(59) 12
(54) 9
(48) 7
(45) 11
(53) Daily mean °C (°F) 4.0
(39.2) 4.0
(39.2) 5.5
(41.9) 7.0
(44.6) 10.0
(50.0) 13.0
(55.4) 15.0
(59.0) 14.5
(58.1) 12.5
(54.5) 10.0
(50.0) 7.0
(44.6) 5.0
(41.0) 9.0
(48.1) Average low °C (°F) 2
(36) 2
(36) 3
(37) 4
(39) 7
(45) 10
(50) 12
(54) 12
(54) 10
(50) 8
(46) 5
(41) 3
(37) 7
(44) Record low °C (°F) −10
(14) −8
(18) −7
(19) −3
(27) 0
(32) 4
(39) 5
(41) 6
(43) 2
(36) −1
(30) −7
(19) −8
(18) −10
(14) Average rainfall mm (inches) 68
(2.7) 57
(2.2) 50
(2.0) 45
(1.8) 43
(1.7) 54
(2.1) 53
(2.1) 62
(2.4) 60
(2.4) 78
(3.1) 78
(3.1) 74
(2.9) 722
(28.5) Source: MSN[12]
Literature [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
(Question from Sputnik. Something or other is happening somewhere or other in the interstices of the American political machine regarding Syria. But something else is happening somewhere else. What do I think?)
The problem with the question as posed is that it assumes that there is somewhere one can find, if only one can dig deep enough, can detect the last vital piece of information, can parse a Delphic utterance, A Plan in Washington about Syria.
Well, I no longer believe it: I don't believe that anyone is in charge in Washington. The Saker introduced me to a new Russian word the other day: недоговороспособны – incapable of making agreements. They suggest that the US Administration is paralysed by the election and the possibility of a President Trump. Perhaps he's right as to the reason, I don't know, but I agree with the diagnosis: I can't see any sign that anyone is in charge in the “exceptional nation”.
Consider that US Secretary of State John Kerry, after lengthy and tedious negotiations, signed on to a cessation of fire agreement in Syria. In a properly-run country that would be a done deal. A week later, a Syrian Army position is attacked by the US military (with a highly improbable involvement of allies. Several of whom do not even operate the A-10s and F-16s used). By accident of course: another “regretful” error from “the greatest military in the history of the world“. These “errors” all go the same way, don't they? real errors, one would think, would be more evenly distributed, wouldn't they? Just before that news had stopped reverberating, an aid convoy was attacked. On cue, NATO's go-to “independent” fact checker produces a photo that, they say, proves Russia did it. In fact, to anyone who can think for a moment, the photo is obviously faked and actually proves that neither Russia (nor Syria) attacked the convoy. The carelessness of the faked-up accusation is another indication of the incapacity to either make or deliver on an agreement by Washington.
The US foreign minister signs an agreement that the US military blows up and a (clumsy) fake atrocity is produced to divert attention from that. Then US Secretary of State John Kerry says he'll never speak to the Russians again, but soon does so.
So what are we to conclude?
This does not sound like a country with an orderly and effective chain of command.
Недоговороспособны – incapable of making agreements.
Indeed.
Close
Photons are the smallest particles which carry units of electromagnetic energy, or light, and these units of energy rarely interact with each other. Coupling of the particles can occur within certain materials, at extremely high energy.
Light waves easily pass through each other without interfering with the other beam. Quantum technology, an emerging field that could revolutionize electronics, is dependent on the ability to influence one beam of light with another. Optical logic gates would become possible, as would the ability to transmit information without any chance of interception.
Non-linear media has previously been used to indirectly alter one beam of light using another. This process involves electromagnetic energy striking the material, which then alters the second beam. However, this technique involves the use of vast quantities of light particles. This is the first time one photon of light has been made to directly alter another.
Vienna University of Technology (TU Wien) researchers have brought together a pair of photons in the strongest coupling possible during a recent experiment. The interaction was great enough to change the phase of each photon by 180 degrees.
A photon of light is sent through a fiber optic cable, then partly sent through a resonator, much like a bottle. This device can alter the phase of the photon, before sending it back through the cable. Where there would normally be a crest of a wave, the photon now exhibits a trough.
"It is like a pendulum, which should actually swing to the left, but due to coupling with a second pendulum, it swings to the right. There cannot be a more extreme change in the pendulum's oscillation. We achieve the strongest possible interaction with the smallest possible intensity of light," Arno Rauschenbeutel of the Institute for Atomic and Subatomic Physics at TU Wien said.
A single atom of rubidium is enough to "shut down" the resonator, researchers found. When a single particle of the metallic element is placed in the device, almost all light is blocked in the resonator, preventing the effect from occurring.
The atom acts in such a way that a photon can be absorbed, saturating the system, before the photon is released back into the resonator. This prevents the device from accepting additional particles of light. When a pair of photons arrives in the resonator simultaneously, one is absorbed, while the other is inverted.
"That way, a maximally entangled photon state can be created. Such states are required in all fields of quantum optics - in quantum teleportation, or for light-transistors which could potentially be used for quantum computing," Rauschenbeutel told the press.
Fiber optics are already in common use around the world in global communications systems.
Photon coupling and interaction was detailed in the journal Nature Photonics.
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
Posted by Mark Wogenrich at 02:28:30 PM on October 16, 2013
Penn State and LSU have had preliminary talks regarding a future non-conference game, which the Big Ten Network's composite schedule lists for 2020.
Spokesmen from Penn State and LSU confirmed discussions regarding a neutral-site game in 2020, though LSU's Michael Bonnette said the teams "are very early in the process."
According to a composite schedule posted by the Big Ten Network (Big Ten football schedules), Penn State is scheduled to play LSU on Sept. 12, 2020.
Penn State opened the season against Syracuse at MetLife Stadium, and Penn State coach Bill O'Brien has said he's a fan of such games.
"It's really important, not every year, but maybe every 2-3 years, to play a neutral-site game," O'Brien said earlier this season. "We've talked about playing down the road at other NFL venues. I think it's really good for your program."
LSU opened this season against Texas Christian at AT&T Stadium, home of the Dallas Cowboys. In addition, LSU will play a two-game, "neutral-and-neutral" series with Wisconsin: 2014 at Houston's Reliant Stadium and 2016 at Green Bay's Lambeau Field in 2016.
Elsewhere, here are a few notes from Penn State's 2018-19 conference schedules.
The Lions open Big Ten play on the road in both seasons, for the 16th and 17th times since joining the big Ten.
They close the regular season against Maryland in 2018 and Rutgers in 2019. Penn State also will renew its season-ending game with Michigan State from 2014-16.
Penn State has five conference home games in 2018 and four in 2019.
The Lions play crossover games against Illinois, Iowa and Wisconsin in 2018. They play Purdue, Iowa and Minnesota in 2019.
Here are Penn State's 2018 and 2019 conference schedules.
2018
Sept. 22: at Illinois
Sept. 29: OHIO STATE
Oct. 13: MICHIGAN STATE
Oct. 20: at Indiana
Oct. 27: IOWA
Nov. 3: at Michigan
Nov. 10: WISCONSIN
Nov. 17: at Rutgers
Nov. 24: MARYLAND
2019
Recently French politicians speared a push to acknowledge the annexation outright. Marine Le Pen said the French government should recognize Crimea as Russian, while former President Nicolas Sarkozy was clearly posturing when they said recently that “Crimea chose Russia.” (Conveniently, both opinions will make it easier to get the stalled Mistral deal back on the table.) Sarkozy referred specifically to the referendum Putin slapped together last March in which Russia claimed 95 percent of Crimeans voted for reunification. Never mind that Russian troops held the “referendum” at gunpoint, or that the “international observers” hailed from Europe's far-right parties, hardly known for their free and fair assessments. Never mind, too, that the peninsula's original inhabitants, the Crimean Tatars, largely boycotted it.
Given a legitimate referendum, Crimeans may well have opted to join Russia. But we'll never know. Any referendum moving forward risks legitimating Russia's irredentism, a precedent that would only condone Putin.
Decades after Europe thought it had rid itself of imperialism, Moscow thieved Crimea—not that the developed world will recognize it anytime soon. In all likelihood, we're looking at a situation similar to the Western policy of non-recognition regarding the Baltics during the Soviet period. Brussels, Washington, Tokyo, and Canberra will treat the occupation as just that: occupation. Unlike the independent Baltic states, though, Crimea is considered a disputed territory in the mold of a Kashmir or a West Bank. It is not a pleasant fate.
Even Russia's leading opposition figures seem to have acquiesced to Putin's triumph. Opposition leader Alexei Navalny noted with resignation that the peninsula isn't a “ham sandwich” that can be so easily handed back and forth. Opposition figure Mikhail Khodorkovsky, meanwhile, said that the “Crimea problem will go on for decades,” and that any path toward a solution “lies through the blurring of boundaries in Europe.” Neither supports returning Crimea to Ukraine outright. Boris Nemtsov seemed the lone major opposition figure to push back against Moscow's occupation—until last weekend, when someone assassinated them just meters from the Kremlin.
All the while, Crimeans continue to suffer the slings of Russia under Putin. The new authorities have stripped billions in property and assets from former owners, swiping dry docks and film studios alike. The tourism industry, one of the peninsula's lifebloods, has tanked as Europeans have stayed away. Financially, Crimea has fast become a millstone around Russia's neck.
No group has been hit harder than the Crimean Tatars, from whom Catherine wrested the peninsula in the 18th century. The Tatars' relations with Moscow have suffered ever since. In 1944, Soviet authorities uprooted every Tatar from their Crimean homeland and scattered them across Siberia and central Asia, an act of cultural genocide that swept up some 200,000 Tatars. Nearly half died during the deportation.
During the waning days of the Soviet Union, and especially during the first decade of Ukrainian independence, Tatars began returning. In the last census, in 2001, Tatars represented some 12 percent of Crimea's population—though given current demographic trajectories, there could well be more Tatars than Russians in Crimea within a dozen years. The traditional Tatar capital of Bakhchysarai blossomed once again. While their resettlement never enjoyed the full support of even the pro-European governments in Kiev, the Tatars remained a reliably pro-Western electoral bloc. And they didn't show their preferences in political leanings alone. A few months before Euromaidan broke, I danced through the night with a group of older Tatars in a small restaurant in Simferopol, Crimea's capital, rearranging tables for space, teaching them the proper moves for that grand Western staple, “Gangnam Style.”
Then the Russians came. Over the past twelve months, Moscow and local Russian authorities have banned public commemorations for the Tatar deportations, raided the Tatar parliament, and exiled the Tatars' two top political figures: Mustafa Dzhemilev, who famously launched a 303-day hunger strike in 1975, the longest in Soviet history; and Refat Chubarov, who has described Putin as the “Hitler of today.” Multiple Tatar activists have turned up dead. Tatar media now stands on its last legs. As a November report from Human Rights Watch noted, “Human rights protections in Crimea have been severely curtailed since Russia began its occupation of the peninsula in February 2014. … In particular the authorities have targeted the Crimean Tatar community.”
As long as Crimea endures the Kremlin's thumb, persecution of Tatars is all but certain to continue. Don't look for mass deportations. Instead, Russia will simply smother any hope the Tatars have that they might fully reclaim their culture and their home.
In their memo to Catherine urging the initial Russian annexation, Potemkin referred to Crimea as a “thorn.” More than two centuries later, this seems as apt a descriptor as any. Thanks to Moscow, Crimea's now a thorn that's easier for the West to ignore; the peninsula is a geopolitical question only Kiev wants to address. And that may be the enduring reality. British, French, and Turkish troops won't be returning to dislodge Moscow from the peninsula. Putin, more a successor to Catherine than to Khrushchev, won't be signing Crimea over to another capital—let alone to a state they maintain does not exist, as with Ukraine. Considering Russia's limping economy and battered international standing, Crimea may be Putin's rare lasting prize.
It should cost him. Putin and their Anschluss shattered the Westphalian order, committing the cardinal sin of modern international law. Crimea is not likely to return to its rightful owners for years, for decades. That dismal fact does not permit us to forget. We overlook the peninsula to our—and to the Tatars' and Europe's—peril. Crimea once opened a grand glory to Catherine, but glory of the sort Potemkin promised is a fleeting thing. More lasting is the infamy Putin has earned by reenacting an 18th-century smash-and-grab. It will brand them till the end of their reign and long beyond.
Today's unveiling of the House Republican budget resolution sees House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) rehashing the same failed budget priorities that were met with widespread criticism last year. Tax cuts for people who don't need them and economic insecurity for everyone else is grossly irresponsible budget and economic policy.
Blog: Ryan's budget cuts would cost jobs
Last year, Ryan proposed a radical budget that would have slashed taxes—particularly for the highest-income earners—while financing these tax cuts by shifting costs and risk onto seniors, the disabled, and low-income households, and by halving investments in education, infrastructure, housing, and public safety programs. Ryan's cuts to the domestic discretionary budget would have cost the economy more than two million jobs over two years. At the same time, their proposed tax cuts were so large that the entire budget would barely have made an impact on the deficit over the decade.
One might have expected events over the last year to cause Ryan to moderate their spending cut proposals in this year's House budget resolution. The 112th Congress has taken an entirely unbalanced, spending-cuts-only approach to deficit reduction: More than $1.6 trillion in spending cuts have already been enacted through recent appropriations bills and the Budget Control Act, which cut and capped discretionary spending. In addition, the debt ceiling standoff in August 2011 demonstrated the danger of staking out extreme positions on fiscal policy. And in stark contrast to Ryan's last budget, a handful of proposals—including those from the Congressional Progressive Caucus, the Economic Policy Institute, and President Obama—proved that budget sustainability can be achieved without inflicting great harm on low- and moderate-income Americans.
But today we find that Ryan has failed to learn the lessons of the last year. They again propose tax cuts for the rich at the expense of seniors, the disabled, and children. They would cut taxes by roughly $3 trillion $4.6 trillion (according to a Tax Policy Center analysis just put out), with most of the tax cuts going to people earning more than $200,000. Their proposed cuts to Medicare, Medicaid, and food assistance would all fall heavily on seniors, the disabled, and children. Ryan's budget is doubly bad for children because their proposed cuts to public investments (mostly infrastructure and education) would cause children to inherit a country with crumbling roads and bridges and to enter the labor market with fewer skills.
Reneging on commitments to seniors, the disabled, and younger generations because of an unwillingness—not an inability—to fund our social contract is a choice, not a necessity. Yet Ryan has once again unabashedly decided to aid the very fortunate at the expense of the rest of us—particularly the most vulnerable.
Lyme disease is a rollercoaster for Yolanda Hadid.
One minute the 54-year-year-old is having the time of their life in sunny Tahiti, the next they are back in bed hooked up to an intravenous contraption.
The reality star shared a photo of themselves receiving the latest treatment for the chronic disease on Instagram on Friday.
Scroll down for video
Lyme is a rollercoaster: Yolanda Hadid shared a photo of themselves receiving the latest treatment for the chronic disease on Instagram on Friday
'Healing a chronic disease doesn't become reality through a magic pill,' they captioned the snap of their beleagured arm.
't takes sweat, determination and persistent hard work. #LymeDiseaseAwareness #InvisibleDisability #WeMustFindACure #AffordableForAll.'
Despite their hashtags, they didn't actually share any details of the treatment to their fellow sufferers, which many followers took umbrage at.
'What is this treatment? And does it help!!? Would love to know,' one wrote.
Up and down: The mother of three posted several photos showing off their amazing bikini body as they frolicked in the crystal waters of the French Polynesian island just two weeks ago
'You are an inspiration but it would be so helpful if you could explain your treatments along with your photos. Sharing information is so important,' added another.
Lack of understanding about Lyme - a bacterial infection spread primarily by deer ticks - has long been a cause of frustration for Yolanda, especially among their fellow Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills castmates, who have each been skeptical to varying degrees.
Indeed, it is photos like the ones the former Dutch model shared just two weeks ago that were the main cause of confusion for the likes of Lisas Rinna and Vanderpump.
Belief: Lack of understanding about Lyme - a bacterial infection spread primarily by deer ticks - has long been a cause of frustration for Yolanda, especially among their fellow Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills castmates, who have each been skeptical to varying degrees
The mother of three posted several photos showing off their amazing bikini body as they frolicked in the crystal waters of the French Polynesian island.
The reality star - who separated from husband of four years David Foster last year - made two more big announcements recently: they are leaving RHOBH, and they are publishing a book about their condition.
Believe Me: My Battle With the Invisible Disability of Lyme Disease, which details their life since their 2012 diagnosis, will hit shelves in February 2017.
If you missed Bioware's classic action RPG Jade Empire when it came out, you can now grab the special edition for the martial arts game set in a Chinese Imperial world for free on Origin. Jade Empire joins the ranks of such games as Dead Space, Battlefield 3, Dragon Age: Origins and Peggle in EA's ‘On the House' program.
There is no catch to getting the game. The only thing you need is an Origin account – you should have one if you've played any of EA's titles online – and once you've claimed the game, it's yours forever. If you want to get the game, you'd better be quick. This offer is only available for a limited time.
Jade Empire first came out on the original Xbox as an exclusive and sets players on the path to find the master of a martial arts school. Players get to choose which class they want to play and which of the two major playstyles (the way of the open palm or the way of the closed fist) to adopt on their quest to find their long lost master. The game was released on the Xbox 360, Mac OS X and Microsoft Windows and garnered very positive reviews on release.
If you're interested in giving the game a go (and why wouldn't you?), you can do so here.
Quick Take
I've never had the pleasure of playing the original game because I never owned an Xbox. By the time Jade Empire saw its release on the PC, I was probably too busy playing Warcraft so I didn't have a lot of time to devote to anything else. It's all a bit hazy. I did, however, take advantage of EA's ‘On the House' program before and it seems like their habit of giving away great games for free is great for their public image, but even greater for players like you and me.
Share Has a tip for us? Awesome! Shoot us an email at [email protected] and we'll take a look!
Since this week's episode of RuPaul's Drag Race was a rerun—not even a clip show! A straight-up rerun!—I took last night to ponder the endless wonders of Alyssa Edwards' face.  They are the gift that keeps on giving, and the GIF that keeps on GIFing.
Join me as I stare into the void and it stares, squints, shakes, sasses, and shimmies back at me.
First, let's acknowledge the hard work involved in becoming a Cosby-level facial contortionist. You can mock Alyssa for their mirror routine, but without it, they wouldn't be where they are today. Our girl can convey a surprisingly diverse and complex array of emotions through the unbelievable articulation of their facial features. Some examples:
Starting with the basics: you can't call yourself a drag queen unless you can throw shade.
And Alyssa will start and end a sentence with “bitch” just to make sure you know that you have been thoroughly put in your place.
But that's entry-level stuff. Anyone can use words to express meaning. They can get the message across without making a sound. For instance:
“Oh, you're really going to come for me? Wearing that lip liner? No, ma'am.”
“You other children think you've got something, but I own this party.”
“Did they just put their hand on someone else's husband? Girl get me my phone, this is going on Instagram.”
“So when they aren't looking, I filled their conditioner bottle with Nair.”
“My stalker ex just showed up. I'll now be making a glamorous but hasty exit.”
“And you'll pay me how much? I mean, my landlord did just raise the rent, and I guess it wouldn't take that long, so… No, you know what? Still no.”
“I heard what you said about my BFF. You have crossed the line. There will be no survivors to tell of the destruction unleashed this day.”
“It's Saturday! I'm having wine for breakfast!”
“I acknowledge that your effort was strong, but remain secure in my total superiority to you.”
“It's completely OK that you denied me this loan because your parking space is labeled and this bank has surprisingly little surveillance. But I'm sure you know a reliable mechanic.”
“They finally called our table for brunch! Eggs benny and a criminally large Bloody Mary, please.”
“And there it is. I have said everything that can possibly be said. You're welcome.”
That, children, is what we call mastery. It's amazing they still feel the need to use spoken language at all. And the skill doesn't end there! She's even able to assume new forms, like a shapeshifter. Here are just a few of the personae this chameleon can adopt:
Chihuahua
Sloth
Ostrich
Don Knotts in The Incredible Mr. Limpet
Will Arnett
Ducky from The Land Before Time
Alyssa truly is every woman—and even some men. Don't be jealous of their boogie. To close, I'll defer to Alyssa, who will express their magnificence better than I ever could, using body-oddy-oddy language.
Well said, Miss Edwards. Well said.
[Character - Texture, Vertex, Import - Marth]
EDIT: With 3.01 now upon us, the PMBR fixed their model importer so that alt costumes, Mewtwo, and Roy no longer cause lag. Inevitably, I have updated my Aqua Roy textures so that they don't cause lag either. If you already downloaded these textures before, please download the pack again for the lag-free models!
I was never a fan of Roy's blue texture in both Melee and Project M, due to how much it looks like the original Roy texture. In order to spice up Roy's blue team costume a bit, I decided to make an aqua colored Roy! It comes in two versions. The first version has Roy's normal ginger hair, and the second version has white hair, which goes along pretty well with the rest of the outfit. This outfit is made for Project M Roy, but you may also put it on Marth if you really want to. Enjoy!
AUDL To Launch Southeast Division In 2015; Add Texas Teams In 2016
The AUDL is planning to add a Southeast Division in 2015 and will be launching Dallas and Austin franchises in 2016, AUDL commissioner Steve Gordon told Ultiworld. The league also confirmed that Pittsburgh will be joining the league in 2015, a story first published on Ultiworld earlier this week.
While specific cities in the Southeast — other than Jacksonville, which was sold years ago — have not had contracts finalized, league sources tell Ultiworld that a number of franchises are in the final stages of being sold.
Dallas, which was just sold by the league, will join Austin, which has been waiting to join the league since being sold by previous AUDL owner Josh Moore, in a potentially new division in 2016.
“[Dallas owners] Jim Gerencser and Matt Krei bring a ton of passion and Ultimate experience to the Dallas franchise and we couldn't be happier to have them as owners in a market they know very well,” said Gordon. “Like Pittsburgh, Dallas fits our long-term growth plans and will provide a natural rivalry with Austin.”
The league is also looking to add San Diego and Los Angeles in 2016.
The addition of Pittsburgh for next season is not a surprise. It has long been expected that the pro game would come to the hotbed city.
“Pittsburgh has been considered one of our target cities since the beginning and fundamental to our growth in the east,” said Gordon. “It's a great sports town and offers a vibrant college ultimate atmosphere that fits our long term strategic plan. We were patient in our search for the right owners and our patience was rewarded when Tracy, Amy, and Andrew Neuendorf decided to purchase the Pittsburgh franchise.”
Further announcements about 2015 AUDL expansion is expected in the coming months.
Pretoria - eNCA journalist Jody Jacobs and a camerawoman were robbed after a live report on the protests in Tshwane on Wednesday evening.
"We had just finished a live broadcast. Seconds later two guys walked up to us and started making small talk. They lifted the camera and became aggressive and they took the equipment," Jacobs told News24.
They and the camerawoman, Noluthando Hlophe, decided against fighting the two men after they threatened to pull a gun on them.
The men fled in a Honda parked nearby.
"It happened in a matter of seconds. It seems like these guys watched us. They knew that we had just finished with our live updates," they said.
The men took a camera, tripod, and microphone.
"Unfortunately this is what happens in journalism," they added.
SA National Editors' Forum chairperson Mpumelelo Mkhabela said the assault and intimidation of journalists hampered their efforts to let people communicate with the powers that be.
"Journalists are the messengers who tell the stories of those who are protesting. Journalists should be allowed to access any part of the country. They are not there for their selfish interests. They are there to tell people's stories," they said.
News24 journalists Jeff Wicks and Karabo Ngoepe said police officers assaulted and intimidated them while they were covering protests in Ga-Rankuwa, Pretoria.
Allan Hills 84001 (commonly abbreviated ALH84001[1]) is a Martian meteorite that was found in Allan Hills, Antarctica on December 27, 1984, by a team of U.S. meteorite hunters from the ANSMET project. Like other members of the group of SNCs (shergottite, nakhlite, chassignite), ALH84001 is thought to be from Mars. However, it does not fit into any of the previously discovered SNC groups. On discovery, its mass was 1.93 kilograms (4.3 lb).
In 1996, a group of scientists claimed to have found evidence for microscopic fossils of Martian bacteria in the meteorite, culminating in then U.S. president Bill Clinton giving a speech about the potential discovery.[2] These claims were controversial from the beginning, and the wider scientific community ultimately rejected the hypothesis once all the unusual features in the meteorite had been explained without requiring life to be present. Despite there being no convincing evidence of Martian life, the initial paper and scientific and public attention caused by it are considered to be turning points in the history of the developing science of astrobiology.[3]
History and description [ edit ]
ALH84001 on display at Smithsonian Museum of Natural History
This rock is considered to be one of the oldest Martian meteorites, proposed to have crystallized from molten rock 4.091 billion years ago.[4] Based on chemical analyses, it is thought to have originated on Mars[5][6] from a period when liquid water existed on the now arid planet's surface.[7][8]
In September 2005, Vicky Hamilton of the University of Hawaii at Manoa presented an analysis of the origin of ALH84001 using data from the Mars Global Surveyor and Mars Odyssey spacecraft orbiting Mars. According to the analysis, Eos Chasma in the Valles Marineris canyon appears to be the source of the meteorite.[9] The analysis was not conclusive, in part because it was limited to areas of Mars not obscured by dust.
The theory holds that ALH84001 was blasted off from the surface of Mars by a meteor impact about 17 million years ago[10] and fell on Earth roughly 13,000 years ago.[11] These dates were established by a variety of radiometric dating techniques, including samarium–neodymium (Sm–Nd), rubidium–strontium (Rb–Sr), potassium–argon (K–Ar), and carbon-14.[12][13] Other meteorites that have potential biological markings have generated less interest because they do not contain rock from a "wet" Mars. ALH84001 is the only meteorite collected from such a time period.[3]
In October 2011 it was reported that isotopic analysis indicated that the carbonates in ALH84001 were precipitated at a temperature of 18 °C with water and carbon dioxide from the Martian atmosphere. The carbonate carbon and oxygen isotope ratios imply deposition of the carbonates from a gradually evaporating subsurface water body, probably a shallow aquifer meters or tens of meters below the surface.[8]
Hypothetical biogenic features [ edit ]
The electron microscope revealed chain structures in meteorite fragment ALH84001
On August 6, 1996, David S. McKay of NASA published in an article in Science claiming that the meteorite may contain evidence of traces of life from Mars.[3][14] Under a scanning electron microscope, structures were revealed that some scientists interpreted as fossils of bacteria-like lifeforms. The structures found on ALH84001 are 20–100 nanometres in diameter, similar in size to theoretical nanobacteria, but smaller than any cellular life known at the time of their discovery. If the structures had been fossilized lifeforms, as was proposed by the so-called biogenic hypothesis of their formation, they would have been the first solid evidence of the existence of extraterrestrial life, aside from the chance of their origin being terrestrial contamination.[15]
The announcement of possible extraterrestrial life caused considerable controversy. When the discovery was announced, many immediately conjectured that the fossils were the first true evidence of extraterrestrial life—making headlines around the world, and even prompting the President of the United States Bill Clinton to make a formal televised announcement to mark the event.[16]
David S. McKay at NASA argued that likely microbial terrestrial contamination found in other Martian meteorites does not resemble the microscopic shapes in the ALH84001. In particular, the shapes within the ALH84001 look intergrown or embedded in the indigenous material, while likely contamination does not.[17] While it has not yet conclusively been shown how the features in the meteorite were formed, similar features have been recreated in the lab without biological inputs by a team led by D.C. Golden.[18] David McKay says these results were obtained using unrealistically pure raw materials as a starting point,[3] and "will not explain many of the features described by us in ALH84001." According to McKay, a plausible inorganic model "must explain simultaneously all of the properties that we and others have suggested as possible biogenic properties of this meteorite."[18] The rest of the scientific community disagreed with McKay.[3]
In January 2010, a team of scientists at Johnson Space Center, including McKay, argued that since their original paper was published in November 2009, the biogenic hypothesis has been further supported by finding three times the original amount of fossil-like data, finding more "biomorphs" (suspected Martian fossils) inside two additional Martian meteorites, as well as more evidence at other spots in the Allen Hills meteorite itself.[19]
However, the scientific consensus is that "morphology alone cannot be used unambiguously as a tool for primitive life detection."[20][21][22] Interpretation of morphology is notoriously subjective, and its use alone has led to numerous errors of interpretation.[20]
Features that have been interpreted as suggesting the presence of microfossils include:
The structures resemble some modern terrestrial bacteria and their appendages. Though some are smaller than any present day Earth microbes, others are of the order of 100 - 200 nm in size, within the size limits of nanobacteria and some are up to 1 to 2 microns in diameter. [10] The smallest ones are too small to contain all the systems of modern life. [3]
The smallest ones are too small to contain all the systems of modern life. Some of the structures resemble colonies and biofilms. [10] However, there are many instances of morphologies that suggested life and were later shown to be due to inorganic processes. [10]
However, there are many instances of morphologies that suggested life and were later shown to be due to inorganic processes. The meteorite contains magnetite crystals of the unusual rectangular prism type, and organized into domains all about the same size, indistinguishable from magnetite produced biologically on Earth and not matching any known nonbiological magnetite that forms naturally on Earth. [10] The magnetite is embedded in the carbonate. If found on Earth it would be a very strong biosignature. However, in 2001, scientists were able to explain and produce carbonate globules containing similar magnetite grains through an inorganic process simulating conditions ALH84001 experienced on Mars. [3]
The magnetite is embedded in the carbonate. If found on Earth it would be a very strong biosignature. However, in 2001, scientists were able to explain and produce carbonate globules containing similar magnetite grains through an inorganic process simulating conditions ALH84001 experienced on Mars. It contains polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) concentrated in the regions containing the carbonate globules, and these have been shown to be indigenous. Other organics such as amino acids do not follow this pattern and are probably due to Antarctic contamination. However PAHs are also found in asteroids, comets and meteorites, and in deep space, all in the absence of life.[3][23]
RNA world hypothesis [ edit ]
A workshop on the limitations of size of microbes in 1999 found that though modern nanobacteria can't be smaller in volume than the interior of a sphere of diameter 250 ± 50 nm, primitive microorganisms based on a single-polymer system could be. They cite the example of RNA based life, with ribozymes (catalytic RNA) taking the place of the much larger ribosomes as enzymes for cell replication. The cells also wouldn't have proteins and would have no need to translate DNA to mRNA. The result could be cells as small as a sphere 50 nm in diameter. These RNA World cells are one of the suggestions made to bridge the gap between abiotic chemistry and modern cells.
The main suggestions they gave that could explain the small size are that
Cells could shrink after death
The fossils could be remains of fragments of larger organisms
They could be pathogens or symbiotes which depend on a host
They could live in consortia of smaller cells unable to survive independently on their own
They could be based on biological systems different from the ones we understand (such as the RNA World cells).[24]
The RNA world hypothesis is still under consideration, with chemist Steven A. Benner and physicist Paul Davies supporting it in a chapter of the book "Frontiers of Astrobiology" published in 2012 by the Cambridge University Press, in the chapter "Towards a Theory of Life"[25]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Many Massachusetts colleges and universities are pleased by Thursday's U.S. Supreme Court ruling upholding the use of race as a factor in college admissions. But that doesn't mean that the legal fight about race conscious admissions decisions is over.
Perhaps the Massachusetts school most closely watching this case was Harvard University. It's facing a separate lawsuit alleging that its admissions policies discriminate against Asian Americans.
Some say Thursday's high court ruling is going to affect that suit.
"I can hear the death knell of that lawsuit," said Harvard law professor Laurence Tribe.
Tribe, who is advising the school on that suit, says the Supreme Court ruling bolsters Harvard's argument that race is one of several factors that schools should consider in admissions decisions.
The high court ruling involved the case of Abigail Fisher, a white woman who was denied admission to the University of Texas in 2008. Fisher argued that they were rejected while African-American applicants with lower grades and test scores were admitted.
Tribe says the Fisher ruling specifically mentions something that's directly related to the Harvard lawsuit.
"One of the arguments that Abigail Fisher made was that the University of Texas program discriminated against Asian Americans, but the court was very careful to say that anecdotal evidence and inconclusive statistical evidence is not enough to make that kind of claim," they said.
But the plaintiffs promise the Harvard suit will go forward. The group known as the Project on Fair Representation provided counsel to Fisher and is the litigant in the Harvard case.
"The Harvard lawsuit alleges that Harvard uses a quota to limit the number of Asians that it will take," said Edward Blum, president of the Project on Fair Representation. "The UT lawsuit merely allowed UT's continued use of race and ethnicity — very different lawsuits, very different legal principles at stake here."
Harvard was among a dozen schools that filed friend of the court briefs in the Fisher case, saying that the benefits of a diverse student body are more important now than ever.
Kumble Subbaswamy, the chancellor of Massachusetts' flagship public college UMass Amherst, praises the ruling and says it will help students better prepare for a diverse workforce and a diverse world.
"All you have to look at is what has happened in our society in the last year, year and a half alone to see that we are not in post-racial society by any means," Subbaswamy said.
They say UMass makes its admissions decisions based on several factors, including race and says the high court ruling will allow UMass to continue to try simultaneously increase diversity and selectivity.
"This allows us to focus on student success, on the real goals of diversity without having to worry about legal challenges," Subbaswamy said.
The legal debate will likely continue. The Supreme Court ruling was close — it was a 4-3 vote. Justice Elena Kagan sat out because they worked on the case while serving in the Justice Department.
In their dissent Justice Samuel Alito said "the university had not demonstrated the need for race-based admissions" and that its program benefited advantaged students over impoverished ones. Also, there are eight states — including New Hampshire — that prohibit the use of race in college admissions.
This article titled “London 2012 Olympics: Crackdown on brothels ‘puts sex workers at risk'” was written by Jamie Doward, for The Observer on Saturday 9th April 2011 23.06 UTC
Scotland Yard has been accused of endangering sex workers after it emerged that officers were targeting brothels in London's Olympic boroughs as part of a coordinated clean-up operation ahead of the 2012 games.
The Yard's human exploitation and organised crime command (SCD9) was launched in April last year, bringing together expertise in the fields of clubs and vice, human trafficking and immigration crime. The command incorporates a team dedicated to tackling vice-related crime in the five Olympic host boroughs: Waltham Forest, Hackney, Tower Hamlets, Newham and Greenwich.
Figures recently released to parliament by the Home Office show SCD9 carried out 80 brothel raids between January to August 2010 in the five boroughs. There were a further 20 raids in Westminster and 13 in Camden – the two boroughs expected to play host to the majority of tourists who come to the capital for the games. In contrast, in the remaining 25 London boroughs, there were just 29 raids over the same period.
Similar vice crackdowns have taken place in other countries hosting major sporting events. The London initiative comes amid disputed claims that increased numbers of sex workers will try to work in the capital during the Olympics. But the probation union, Napo, claimed the crackdown would have unintended consequences.
“Attempts to remove sex workers from the Olympic boroughs will be only a partial success,” said Harry Fletcher, Napo's assistant general secretary.
“The strategy will drive the trade underground and prohibition merely distorts the laws of supply and demand. As a consequence, the trade will be more dangerous for women. Policy initiatives should address real problems, such as housing, health and safety, and not be based on flawed ideology which distorts the market and endangers the women.”
Figures from the Open Door agency, a health clinic based in East London, appear to partially confirm Napo's claim. The agency reported that there has already been a significant displacement of sex workers throughout Newham, with a decline of 25% in referrals to health clinics since the previous year.
Napo said it appeared the women had not stopped working, but were moving to other areas where they could be more at risk of rape, robbery and assault.
The decision by police to target brothels has been controversial. SCD9 specialises in helping people being held against their will or who have been trafficked to work in the sex industry. But critics say it is driven by a mistaken belief that this applies to many women in the brothels.
Two high-profile Metropolitan police operations, Pentameter 1 and 2, resulted in 1,337 premises being raided. This led to 232 arrests under Pentameter 1 and 528 under Pentameter 2. More than 250 women were removed and 37 took up services from support projects.
“Research shows no increase in trafficking of women during international sports events,” said a spokesperson for the English Collective of Prostitutes. “Figures on the numbers of women trafficked into the UK have been exposed as false, yet they are still used as an excuse to hound sex workers. Prohibition has never done anything but drive sex workers underground and into more danger. Is the government prepared for further tragedies like Ipswich and Bradford?”
The Met said so far it had not seen any evidence of an increase in trafficking of sex workers in the five Olympic boroughs, but pledged that its officers would continue to try to assist victims and seek the prosecution of those responsible.
“We do not believe that tackling vice drives prostitution underground and have not seen evidence of this,” a spokesperson said. “Brothels will always need to advertise, which assists us in developing our intelligence picture in this area.”
guardian.co.uk © Guardian News & Media Limited 2010
Published via the Guardian News Feed plugin for WordPress.
The once-small community of drone hobbyists has transformed into a worldwide phenomenon. In 2016 especially, significant technology improvements and regulatory clarity have paved the way for even more dramatic changes in the coming years. Among the biggest adopters of drones, and experimenters with them, have been universities. As the director of the University of California system's Center of Excellence on Unmanned Aircraft System Safety – effectively the drone headquarters of our whole 10-campus system – I have an excellent view of the drone industry's past, present and future. The truly surprising details are about how wide and diverse a range of purposes drones are serving on our campuses – and what's coming next. As we begin exploring what drones can do, and identifying what social and commercial uses they might serve, the work provides a glimpse into the future of drone flight across the country, and throughout our economy. Engineering Research Drones have only recently reached the commercial mainstream. However, university engineering departments have been designing and building them for decades. For years, engineering students, for instance, have studied the advanced control algorithms that keep drones flying level and straight. Their work has helped bring us to the point where drones are even available for sale in toy stores.
It is no surprise that our engineers are still working on drones and related technology such as sensors, automation and innovative platforms. Some introductory engineering classes involve students building and flying drones; more advanced students learn about flight dynamics and algorithms that help drones stay aloft. In recent years, though, our engineering departments are focusing less on building the aircraft and more on improving safety, navigation and ability to carry equipment that allows drones to help with different tasks. For example, researchers are developing navigation systems that don't rely on GPS satellites. This could help allow drones to navigate autonomously inside buildings, in deep canyons, underground or other places where GPS signals are unavailable or unreliable. Whether delivering packages to remote locations or handling emergency tasks in hazardous conditions, this type of capability could significantly expand drones' usefulness. Another research group is working on ways for drones to help detect gas leaks from oil pipelines. With millions of miles of pipelines across the country, that is a monumental task. Attaching methane-sniffing sensors to drones could make it much easier: Autonomous drones could fly the routes of every pipeline nearly constantly, registering the location and volume of leaks, and alerting repair and cleanup crews.
Growth in Agriculture and Environmental Work Our largest use of drones has been out in the fields. Two-thirds of the UC system's drone flights, which encompass thousands of flights and hundreds of flight hours, have been for agricultural and environmental research. This suggests that those areas could provide breakout opportunities for drone uses. Some scholars have found many ways drones can replace existing manned aircraft, like with a pesticide-spraying helicopter that could reduce time and costs and provide safer operations. But the biggest factor has been how easy drones make it to collect data that were extremely difficult, or even impossible, to collect before. For example, drones with special thermal cameras are allowing researchers to investigate water consumption rates of several varieties of crops in the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta. The drones' data collection is so detailed that the scholars can count individual melons, allowing much better estimates of crop yield. When farmers know much more precisely how big the harvest will be, they can better estimate how much money they'll make – and can make better budget decisions with the information. Drones are also proving themselves useful in high-resolution aerial coastal survey mapping. In the past, researchers walked along the coast and took pictures to survey areas. This was difficult to do without disturbing wildlife. In addition, surveyors would take pictures from small planes to model and predict coastal erosion and flooding. With drones, they're able to collect data more frequently with greater detail, and do a better job mapping and analyzing environmental data. That helps improve our understanding of coastal ecology, and prepares local residents and communities for possible disasters because the drones are able to get closer to certain environments which scientists will be able to extract more information from.
For instance, when monitoring giant sequoias, a team of five to seven people would have to map the area, which would take about a week. A drone flight has been able to replace that work with a two-minute flight. That makes it easier to track how the trees are growing and responding to changes in their environment. Beyond the Academic Realm To meet the demand from people with no experience in drone technology, we have developed special workshops for students, staff, faculty and UC research partners to learn about drone technology, regulations and flight instruction. Campus film and media departments regularly use drones to make sweeping images of our scenic campus locations for promotional videos and reports. Beyond that, though, university facilities workers have been using drones to monitor construction sites, inspect building areas that are hard to get to (like roofs) and keep an eye on the university's sizable landholdings. All of these uses can significantly improve worker safety, productivity and cost savings.
Students are also using drones recreationally, which has raised safety and privacy concerns on our campuses, just as it has off-campus. With plenty of green spaces, many students want to fly their drones and other model aircraft on campus, even near dorms or other housing. We've addressed this need with respectful solutions like helping students form clubs and organizing flying events, either on campus fields reserved for the day, or at off-campus parks. We are also seeing what may be the beginnings of a collegiate Drone Racing League. This sort of just-for-fun experimentation can make it challenging to regulate drone flights based on what the drone is doing. But universities are often test locations for new technologies. Our work – both formal and recreational – encourages creativity and can foster an entrepreneurial spirit. We can expect that at least some of these early uses for drones will eventually spill into the commercial and consumer markets.
Don't waste the last few days of summer! Spend Labor Day Weekend in San Diego enjoying everything from the mountains and deserts of East County to world-class attractions to the beaches to these top things to do.
Sand Sculpting Challenge and 3D Art Exposition
[youtube http://youtu.be/4JL7F9EPb70]
See master-class sculptors build beautiful 3-dimensional works of art along the backdrop of San Diego's beautiful bay. There will also be plenty of live entertainment, kids activities and more.
Save yourself the hassle of parking and take public transportation. Show your MTS transit pass when buying a ticket to save up to $6!
Where: B Street Cruise Ship Terminal Pier – 1140 North Harbor Drive, San Diego, CA 92101
When: August 30 – September 2, 2013
Time: 9:00 AM to 7:00 PM
Cost: $6-$17
> Find out more about the Sand Sculpting Challenge and 3D Art Exposition
Festival of Sail
Enjoy visiting ships and crew, kids petting zoo, kids craft activities, face painting, Tall ship cannon battles, a special 30-minute Festival of Sail bay cruise, beer garden, on stage entertainment, Naval reenactors, photo ops with Captain Sunny and Pirates, and 100's of arts and craft vendors, plus a multitude of food options, and so much more…
Where: Maritime Museum of San Diego – 1492 N Harbor Dr, San Diego, CA 92101
When: August 30 – September 2, 2013
Time: 9:00 AM to 7:00 PM
Cost: $5 per person
> Find out more about the Festival of Sail
43rd Annual Barona Powwow
Join the Barona Band of Mission Indians for a weekend of contest dancing in all categories, camping, drums and cultural immersion. Dancers will be competing for over $60,000 in prize money!
Where: Barona Baseball Field – 1095 Barona Road, Lakeside, CA 92040
When: August 30 – September 1, 2013
Cost: Free
> Find out more about the 43rd Annual Barona Powwow
1812 Tchaikovsky Spectacular
[youtube http://youtu.be/fovLps0Y4qY]
Finish off summer with Tchaikovsky's thunderous 1812 Overture! Brilliant young violinist Fumiaki Miura performs Tchaikovsky's exciting Valse-scherzoon this soaring evening complete with booming cannons and fireworks over San Diego Bay.
Where: Embarcadero Marina Park South – 206 Marina Park Way, San Diego, CA 92101
When: August 30 – September 1, 2013
Time: 7:30 to 10:00 PM
Cost: $20-$79
> Find out more about the 1812 Tchaikovsky Spectacular
2013 KGB Sky Show
Immediately following the SDSU Aztecs season opener vs Eastern Illinois, the skies over Mission Valley will light up with a beautiful fireworks display blending multi-media, theatrical lighting, video and special effects.
Where: Qualcomm Stadium – 9449 Friars Road, San Diego, CA 92108
When: August 31, 2013
Kickoff: 5:00 PM
Cost: $15-$39
> Find out more about the 2013 KGB Sky Show
Del Mar Beer & Reggae Festival
Sample over 100 different flavors of cold brews plus 40 IPAs during the Del Mar Beer Fest. Dine on snacks from 5 food trucks and dance to Ziggy Marley at the Reggae Festival immediately following the races.
Where: Del Mar Racetrack – 2260 Jimmy Durante Blvd, Del Mar, CA 92014
When: August 31, 2013
Time: 1:00 to 6:00 PM
Cost: Entry included with $6 racetrack admission. Tastings – 10 for $20
> Find out more about the Del Mar Beer & Reggae Festival
What are your plans for the Labor Day Weekend in San Diego? Let us know in the comments below.
Al-Farooq Islamic Center in Nashville
A counter-terrorism expert researching extremism at U.S. mosques claims authorities in Nashville, Tenn., ignored their report of child abuse by teachers at a local mosque due to fear of retribution from Muslim organizations such at the Council on American-Islamic Relations.
Dave Gaubatz, a former Air Force special agent, told WND they informed the local prosecutor, the FBI and Sgt. Brooks Harris of the Metropolitan Police Department in Nashville of a 7-year-old girl who says teachers at the Al-Farooq mosque “hit the children” during Shariah, or Islamic law, lessons.
Harris insists they were not initially given enough information to pursue the case and denies they said anything about fearing legal action from the Council on American-Islamic Relations – CAIR – or any other Islamic groups.
Gaubatz stands by their claims and insists they gave Harris all of the necessary information to pursue the allegation in March. Gaubatz posted audio of the child on their blog in which they allegedly mention their “husband” and says their legs hurt from the beatings. Gaubatz said other mosque attendees confirmed that some worshippers practiced polygamy.
The mosque reportedly is frequented by many Somalis, and Islamic websites say services are offered in Somali.
As WND reported, Gaubatz set out last month on a “counter-terrorism tour” across America in which they planned to visit a mosque in each state in 50 days to assess their threat to the nation's security.
Gaubatz said their female researcher, who had been going to the Nashville mosque several times a day for classes and lectures, informed them of the child's abuse claim March 9. The child said the Islamic teachers were hitting the students.
Hear recording of child's claim of abuse, courtesy of Pamela Geller's Atlas Shrugs blog:
Harris agreed to forward the abuse report to the Department of Children's Services, according to Gaubatz. But Gaubatz told WND that when they inquired last Wednesday at DCS, they were told the agency had no record of anyone from the Nashville Police Department filing such a report.
The Department of Children's Services did not respond to WND's request for comment.
Harris confirmed to WND that they did not pass Gaubatz' information to DCS. But said they did forward it to the police department's Youth Services commander, who gave it to the DCS. They also said that they requested more data from Gaubatz, which was not provided until after Gaubatz went public with their information, through their blog.
Gaubatz said that on April 11 the female researcher filed a report with the Department of Children's Services. The colleague received a reply from DCS saying the report “will not result in an assessment or investigation” because it “does not provide information necessary to locate the family.”
Harris contended that it was only last week, more than a month after Gaubatz' first communication, that they received “descriptive information that should help the appropriate investigator(s) from DCS identify and interview the alleged victim.”
Gaubatz claims, however, that “from day one” they provided Harris with the location of the mosque, the name of the child, phone numbers and details of the family. They provided WND with the same information, as well as a sworn affidavit and their correspondence with Harris.
“I was concerned for the children, because I understand Shariah law and know many Somalis follow Shariah very closely, and ‘child marriages' are common in Somalia and Saudi Arabia,” Gaubatz said.
Gaubatz also said that in February they witnessed an incident at the Al-Farooq mosque in which abuse may have occurred, although they did not see any violence. They heard a male teacher screaming in Arabic, followed by the yell of a female child. When they turned, they saw the teacher standing over the crying child, who they estimated was between 8 and 10 years old. The teacher was carrying a stick about one foot long, they say.
While they did not see any physical contact, “from the reactions of the other children, I believe this happened,” they said.
Gaubatz also reported that radical Islamic literature and audio tapes were present in the mosque library.
“I saw children being taught in the library of Al-Farooq,” they said, noting they were “surrounded by material teaching violence” from well-known Islamic preachers such as Ali Al Timimi and Sayid Abul Maududi.
Maududi is the founder of the radical Pakistani party Jamaat-e-Islami. Al Timimi, according to federal prosecutors, was the spiritual leader of the Virginia Jihad Network, who encouraged members to wage jihad in the U.S. and India.
Gaubatz said their researcher was shown by member of the mosque where to get similar materials.
“My female researcher was escorted by an Al-Farooq worshipper to a Somali store ‘hidden' in a section of Nashville that could only be located if taken there. The worshipper informed my researcher the ‘store' had moved because of ‘government problems,'” Gaubatz wrote on their blog.
Gaubatz said “bootleg” copies of Islamic lectures and films were provided at the store. The researcher also said the store was involved in financial transactions, such as sending money from the U.S. to Somalia and other locations.
Harris said they asked Gaubatz for further proof that extremism was being preached at the mosque, insisting the radical Islamic literature in the library was not illegal or enough to warrant an investigation.
The officer said their staff listened to the recording of the child's purported reference to a husband “hundreds of times.”
“The word that sounds like husband doesn't make sense in that context, if you read a transcript,” they said. “The word they use is aunt in their native tongue.”
Harris accused Gaubatz of making “inflammatory accusations against both Al Farooq and Islamic Center of Nashville.”
“I wish you were here to see how little they have provided … pages copied from the Quran, photo of an audio tape, names of extremist authors, and three or four short audio/video clips totaling perhaps three minutes taken somewhere,” they told WND. “He has refused to place me in contact with their ‘counter-terrorism team' that was here after they left so that I might interview them in an effort to corroborate what they have said.”
Gaubatz clarified they never expected Harris or the FBI to conduct an investigation into the mosque having Islamic jihadist material. Their primary concern was the abuse claim.
“It is the responsibility of law enforcement and child protective services to investigate child abuse,” Gaubatz said. “I gave them everything I had from minute one.”
Referring to the raid on the compound of Warren Jeff's polygamous sect in Texas last year, they said, “If law enforcement can raid a non-Muslim compound and remove 500 women and children from this compound based on an anonymous call, should authorities not immediately act if a former federal agent with a Top Secret clearance provided a sworn affidavit and audio of a child?
“Does this child, the parents and the imam of the mosque not deserve at least an interview?” Gaubatz asked. “The idea that Harris and CPS did not have enough info to locate the child is ridiculous.”
Gaubatz also provided WND with excerpts, scanned images and titles of literature available at the mosque they described as radical Islamic.
They reported that one 15-page pamphlet, titled “Warning Against Prohibitions,” stated that if you find anyone engaging in homosexual acts “kill the one who does it and the one to whom it is done.”
A Maududi book available at the mosque, “Call to Jihad,” states: “That Jihad is obligatory on all the Muslims does not necessarily mean that all of us should take arms and proceed to the battlefront. Jihad is a very wide term and its connotation is not confined to just the clash of arms only. In fact it denotes the entire war effort which is made to uphold our cause and win victory over the enemy. Out of the many and varied fronts of war, battlefield is just one of them. Warfare requires total effort and all sections of people-nay, each and every citizen in the rear-must contribute their share, however humble, to strengthen the capability of those fighting on the front line.”
Harris said that based on the evidence provided and Gaubatz' “refusal to respond to several key follow-up questions” they saw no reason for an investigation by the Nashville Police Specialized Investigations Division.
They also contended Gaubatz was apparently “backing away from their single most critical assertion,” that the mosque was teaching children to kill non-believers.
“I am not backing off of anything I have ever said,” Gaubatz replied. “I saw the children in this room with complete unrestricted access to the materials that advocate killing people, implementing an Islamic Ummah (community) under Sharia law in the U.S.”
Harris emphasized to WND that their department has had “excellent relations with both mosques [Gaubatz] has targeted.”
They noted Wednesday that Al-Farooq had invited them and law enforcement investigators from several agencies to meet with the mosque's board members in the library that afternoon.
Published on Feb 6, 2017
Get a life? Soon it will be that simple, says Kevin Kelly. Five years from now, Kelly anticipates that most of us will have a physical reality and a virtual one – and the second will be as social and kinetic as the first. Forget the idea of Virtual Reality making us isolated slugs, they say, you will be challenged and connected. Of course for all the perceptive tricks it will play, it will also play commercial tricks. The price of this novelty is all your data, historical and biometric, and with that will come more advertising than ever. What is the beginning of a new dimension of fun, will be the end of privacy. Kelly's most recent book is The Inevitable: Understanding the 12 Technological Forces That Will Shape Our Future
Read more at BigThink.com: http://bigthink.com/videos/kevin-kell…
Transcript: I think in five years or so Virtual Reality is going to be a really prominent platform for experiences, for business, for commerce, entertainment, and social. Let me tell you why. So I've been trying a lot of the VR gear and the thing about VR is, and the other version of it called MR, mixed reality, which is where you see virtual objects in the real world and VR where you see only the virtual world, both of those operate on a different part of your brain then when you're watching on a screen.
So a very common demonstration in Virtual Reality is to put on a pair of goggles while you're in a room and then to drop the virtual floor inside away so that you're suddenly standing on a cliff and to ask you to walk out on a plank that's over nothing, maybe it's kilometers deep. And for most people it's almost impossible to do. Your knees start shaking, you're nauseous, even while your brain is telling you hey you're in the same room I was in a few moments ago. But the VR is working on a lower different part of your brain stem it's a much more primeval part of it that experiences things. And when you take your Virtual Reality goggles off you remember not having seen something but having experienced it.
Full transcript here
More on The Inevitable below
A New York Times Bestseller
From one of our leading technology thinkers and writers, a guide through the twelve technological imperatives that will shape the next thirty years and transform our lives
Much of what will happen in the next thirty years is inevitable, driven by technological trends that are already in motion. In this fascinating, provocative new book, Kevin Kelly provides an optimistic road map for the future, showing how the coming changes in our lives—from virtual reality in the home to an on-demand economy to artificial intelligence embedded in everything we manufacture—can be understood as the result of a few long-term, accelerating forces. Kelly both describes these deep trends—interacting, cognifying, flowing, screening, accessing, sharing, filtering, remixing, tracking, and questioning—and demonstrates how they overlap and are codependent on one another. These larger forces will completely revolutionize the way we buy, work, learn, and communicate with each other. By understanding and embracing them, says Kelly, it will be easier for us to remain on top of the coming wave of changes and to arrange our day-to-day relationships with technology in ways that bring forth maximum benefits. Kelly's bright, hopeful book will be indispensable to anyone who seeks guidance on where their business, industry, or life is heading—what to invent, where to work, in what to invest, how to better reach customers, and what to begin to put into place—as this new world emerges.
The Inevitable: Understanding the 12 Technological Forces That Will Shape Our Future
The CEO of the world's largest bitcoin wallet provider believes that bitcoin could replace the US dollar as the global reserve currency by 2030.
Brian Armstrong, the co-founder and CEO of Coinbase, tweeted on 24 July that they thought "bitcoin could surpass the dollar as reserve currency within 10-15 years". Armstrong also revealed that Coinbase had a "rough plan" to make this happen.
Armstrong's comments come after reports that France's biggest bank, BNP Paribas, is looking at ways to incorporate bitcoin into its currency funds.
BNP Paribas has already been doing "beta testing" with cryptocurrency, a source at the bank told IBTimes UK, and an announcement is expected to be made in the coming weeks.
One of the biggest barriers to bitcoin being used as a store of value has been its volatility, however Armstrong believes bitcoin will overcome this issue as adoption and trust grows.
"Volatility is a self-correcting problem, and we've seen that as it's dropped in the last three years, year-on-year," Armstrong told IBTimes UK in November 2014. "I foresee it continuing to do that over the next few years."
In contrast, the US dollar has seen its usefulness as a reserve currency decline in recent years, having taken over from the British pound sterling as the global anchor currency towards the end of World War II.
"We are seeing the beginnings of a change," said banking consultant Patrick Barron. "[The US Federal Reserve] has been inflating the dollar massively, reducing its purchasing power in relation to other commodities, causing many of the world's great trading nations to use other monies upon occasion."
Florida's Gregg Troy was named the Men's Swimming Coach of the Year and Caeleb Dressel garnered the Male Freshman of the Year award, the SEC announced Tuesday.
Florida's Gregg Troy was named the Men's Swimming Coach of the Year and Caeleb Dressel garnered the Male Freshman of the Year award, the SEC announced Tuesday.
UF placed 23 student-athletes on the conference's All-SEC first team, second team and All-first-year student squad.
Troy won the coach award for the third year in a row after the Gators brought home their third-straight and 36th overall league championship behind three individual titles. It is Troy's seventh SEC Coach of Year award.
The Gators finished in front of second-place Georgia and third-place Auburn. Florida was strong in all events, capturing three wins in the 100-yard butterfly (Dressel) and the 500-yard freestyle (Mitch D'Arrigo) and earned a relay gold in the 800-yard freestyle event (Dan Wallace, Pawel Werner, Nicholas Alexiou, D'Arrigo).
Dressel, a three-time SEC Freshman Swimmer of the Week, becomes the ninth Gator swimmer under Troy's tutelage to win the award. Individually at the conference meet, they won the 100-yard butterfly and finished runner-up in both the 50-yard and 100-yard freestyle races. Dressel was also a member of four top-five finishing relay squads.
The program's 36 SEC team championships ranks second among all sports in the history of the SEC (Kentucky men's basketball, 45).
Laika, Phil Knight's Hillsboro animation studio, plans to build a 105,000-square-foot addition onto its production facility, increasing its size by 70 percent.
Laika had been exploring the possibility of acquiring a new production facility somewhere else in Washington County, but had apparently been unable to find a suitable building.
Its current facility, a former warehouse near Hillsboro Stadium, is 150,000 square feet.
The company makes its movies using an old-fashioned filmmaking technique called stop-motion animation, which requires animators to manipulate miniature puppets frame-by-frame to simulate motion.
Although the puppets are small, they require large, custom-built sets to create the world around the characters. So Laika needs a large soundstage to make its films.
And the studio wants more space as it accelerates its release timetable, moving from putting a new movie in theaters every two years to an annual schedule.
Plans submitted to the city of Hillsboro describe a two-story facility on the west side of Laika's existing studio. The project would obliterate much of the studio's existing parking, so Laika plans to add 408 parking spaces elsewhere along with nearly 90,000 square feet of new landscaping.
The company did not have immediate comment on its growth plans. In the past, Laika has said it had occasionally explored the possibility of moving to Portland but had been unable to find facilities on the scale it requires.
Nike's chairperson acquired the former Vinton Studios in 2003 and set about turning it from a commercial animation house into a feature filmmaker. They put their son, animator Travis Knight, in charge in 2009.
Travis Knight is currently directing Laika's fourth feature, "Kubo and the Two Strings," which is due for release August 19, 2016.
Laika's first three films, "Coraline," "ParaNorman" and "The Boxtrolls" each landed an Oscar nomination for best animated feature.
Hundreds of people work on each of Laika's films -- current headcount is 394, with production on "Kubo" in full swing.
Laika's neighborhood is increasingly popular, with the recent addition of the Ron Tonkin Field, just across Northwest 229th Avenue, and ongoing expansion at Intel's Ronler Acres campus nearby.
Transportation planners have been working on ways to alleviate congestion in the area.
For example, Washington County and the Oregon Department of Transportation plan to coordinate traffic signals to better manage traffic flow.
The Highway 26 interchange at Brookwood Parkway and Helvetia Road is being rebuilt. And planners hope to find funding to widen Highway 26 between Cornelius Pass Road and 185th Avenue.
Oregonian reporters Elliot Njus and Luke Hammill contributed to this report.
-- Mike Rogoway
mrogoway@oregonian.com
503-294-7699
@rogoway
Exclusive: Read Amy Poehler's advice to comedy writers
Back in 2009 I recommended a little book called And Here's the Kicker, in which author Mike Sacks chatted with 21 comedy writers (including David Sedaris, Harold Ramis and Bob Odenkirk) about their craft.
This week Sacks returns with an equally funny and insightful sequel, Poking a Dead Frog: Conversations with Today's Top Comedy Writers (Penguin). Once again, top-notch talents offer advice and share stories about their struggles and successes in the business. Jon Hamm even posed for Sacks' hilarious author photo.
The long list of contributors includes Patton Oswalt, Mel Brooks, Paul F. Tompkins, Bill Hader, Diablo Cody, Bruce Vilanch, Marc Maron, Tom Scharpling and Daniel Clowes. Today I'm excited to exclusively share Amy Poehler's contribution, a healthy dose of advice to aspiring comedy writers.
Poking a Dead Frog went on sale today in paperback and digitally. Pick it up if you're looking to laugh and learn something.
Pure, Hard-core Advice: Amy Poehler
(Actress/Writer, Parks and Recreation, SNL)
Read your stuff out loud. Sometimes the way it reads in your head sounds different when someone says it.
Mike Sacks' new book, 'Poking a Dead Frog,' is on sale today. (Photo11: Penguin)
Be open to changing all the material you think is really brilliant. Even the most talented people don't fight every day for every one of their jokes. There's always some better way to do things when you're working with good people. I find the most talented people tend to be the best collaborators.
Being flexible can mean people want to work with you. A lot of people say fight for what you believe in and don't let them change it, but I want to say, fight less, and be open to the fact that other people might have a better idea.
I'm paraphrasing that great quote from (This American Life host) Ira Glass — basically the sentiment of, "Keep doing it, even though all your stuff is going to be pretty bad. But don't be discouraged by its imperfections; embrace it if it's half good. Fake it till you make it. Put things up. If they're sloppy, keep trying." I love their thought that nobody carves out this perfect jewel. Everybody struggles and does all these half attempts, and it's really more about time than it is about perfection.
Just put in the time, and don't be too precious about things. Work with your friends. And maybe, eventually, you'll get paid. (Laughs) If you're doing it for the money, then just forget it. When you sit at your computer and think, I'm going to write something really political and interesting, it's like, Okay, good luck with that!
People quit because it's really hard. It's hard to not have a house, hard not to have money, hard not to have insurance, hard not to be married, hard to have your parents ask you every day what you're going to do with your life. It's hard to wait tables while you're doing improv shows. It's hard to get up onstage and bomb. It's hard to lug your props around everywhere. It's hard to submit things that get rejected.
It's not easy! Good people make it look easy, and a lot of people want to do it because they think it looks easy. If you stick around, if you're a good collaborator, if you're open to new ideas and you keep trying, then you'll find there are a lot of different ways you can work as a writer. You can generate original material, or you can be a staff writer, or you can write about the comedy scene — all different things you might find you're good at if you stick around long enough.
From Poking a Dead Frog by Mike Sacks. Reprinted by arrangement with Penguin Books, a member of Penguin Group (USA) LLC, A Penguin Random House Company. Copyright © Mike Sacks, 2014.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1mjMYJT
Warren Buffett is widely considered to be one of the greatest investors of all time, but if you were to ask them who they think is the greatest investor, they would probably mention one man: their teacher Benjamin Graham. Graham was an investor and investing mentor who is generally considered to be the father of security analysis and value investing.
Their ideas and methods on investing are well documented in their books Security Analysis (1934) and The Intelligent Investor (1949), which are two of the most famous investing books. These texts are often considered to be requisite reading material for any investor, but they aren't easy reads. Here, we'll condense Graham's main investing principles and give you a head start on understanding their winning philosophy.
Principle No. 1: Always Invest With a Margin of Safety
Margin of safety is the principle of buying a security at a significant discount to its intrinsic value, which is thought to not only provide high-return opportunities but also to minimize the downside risk of an investment. In simple terms, Graham's goal was to buy assets worth $1 for 50 cents. They did this very, very well.
To Graham, these business assets may have been valuable because of their stable earning power or simply because of their liquid cash value. It wasn't uncommon, for example, for Graham to invest in stocks in which the liquid assets on the balance sheet (net of all debt) were worth more than the total market cap of the company (also known as "net nets" to Graham followers). This means that Graham was effectively buying businesses for nothing. While they had a number of other strategies, this was the typical investment strategy for Graham. (For more on this strategy, read "What Is Warren Buffett's Investing Style?")
This concept is very important for investors to note, as value investing can provide substantial profits once the market inevitably re-evaluates the stock and raises its price to fair value. It also provides protection on the downside if things don't work out as planned and the business falters. The safety net of buying an underlying business for much less than it is worth was the central theme of Graham's success. When stocks are chosen carefully, Graham found that a further decline in these undervalued equities occurred infrequently.
While many of Graham's students succeeded using their own strategies, they all shared the main idea of the "margin of safety."
Principle No. 2: Expect Volatility and Profit From It
Investing in stocks means dealing with volatility. Instead of running for the exits during times of market stress, the smart investor greets downturns as chances to find great investments. Graham illustrated this with the analogy of "Mr. Market," the imaginary business partner of each and every investor. Mr. Market offers investors a daily price quote at which they would either buy an investor out or sell their share of the business. Sometimes, they will be excited about the prospects for the business and quote a high price. Other times, they will be depressed about the business's prospects and will quote a low price.
Because the stock market has these same emotions, the lesson here is that you shouldn't let Mr. Market's views dictate your own emotions or, worse, lead you in your investment decisions. Instead, you should form your own estimates of the business's value based on a sound and rational examination of the facts. Furthermore, you should only buy when the price offered makes sense and sell when the price becomes too high. Put another way, the market will fluctuate--sometimes wildly--but rather than fearing volatility, use it to your advantage to get bargains in the market or to sell out when your holdings become way overvalued.
Here are two strategies that Graham suggested to help mitigate the negative effects of market volatility:
--Dollar-cost averaging: Achieved by buying equal dollar amounts of investments at regular intervals. It takes advantage of dips in the price and means that an investor doesn't have to be concerned about buying their or their entire position at the top of the market. Dollar-cost averaging is ideal for passive investors and alleviates them of the responsibility of choosing when and at what price to buy their positions. (For more, read "DCA: It Gets You In At The Bottom" and "Dollar-Cost Averaging Pays.")
--Investing in stocks and bonds: Graham recommended distributing one's portfolio evenly between stocks and bonds as a way to preserve capital in market downturns while still achieving growth of capital through bond income. Remember, Graham's philosophy was, first and foremost, to preserve capital, and then to try to make it grow. They suggested having 25% to 75% of your investments in bonds, and varying this based on market conditions. This strategy had the added advantage of keeping investors from boredom, which leads to the temptation to participate in unprofitable trading (i.e., speculating). (To learn more, read "The Importance Of Diversification.")
Principle No. 3: Know What Kind of Investor You Are
Graham said investors should know their investment selves. To illustrate this, they made clear distinctions among various groups operating in the stock market.
Active vs. passive: Graham referred to active and passive investors as "enterprising investors" and "defensive investors."
You only have two real choices: The first is to make a serious commitment in time and energy to become a good investor who equates the quality and amount of hands-on research with the expected return. If this isn't your cup of tea, then be content to get a passive, and possibly lower, return but with much less time and work. Graham turned the academic notion of "risk = return" on its head. For him, "work = return." The more work you put into your investments, the higher your return should be.
If you have neither the time nor the inclination to do quality research on your investments, then investing in an index is a good alternative. Graham said that the defensive investor could get an average return by simply buying the 30 stocks of the Dow Jones industrial average in equal amounts. Both Graham and Buffett said getting even an average return--for example, equaling the return of the S&P 500--is more of an accomplishment than it might seem.
The fallacy that many people buy into, according to Graham, is that if it's so easy to get an average return with little or no work (through indexing), then just a little more work should yield a slightly higher return. The reality is that most people who try this end up doing much worse than average.
In modern terms, the defensive investor would be an investor in index funds of both stocks and bonds. In essence, they own the entire market, benefiting from the areas that perform the best without trying to predict those areas ahead of time. In doing so, an investor is virtually guaranteed the market's return and avoids doing worse than average by just letting the stock market's overall results dictate long-term returns. According to Graham, beating the market is much easier said than done, and many investors still find they don't beat the market. (To learn more, read "Index Investing.")
Speculator vs. investor: Not all people in the stock market are investors. Graham believed that it was critical for people to determine whether they were investors or speculators. The difference is simple: An investor looks at a stock as part of a business and the stockholder as the owner of the business, while the speculator views themselves as playing with expensive pieces of paper with no intrinsic value. For the speculator, value is only determined by what someone will pay for the asset. To paraphrase Graham, there is intelligent speculating as well as intelligent investing--just be sure you understand which you are good at.
Commentary
Graham's basic ideas are timeless and essential for long-term success. They bought into the notion of buying stocks based on the underlying value of a business and turned it into a science at a time when almost all investors viewed stocks as speculative. Graham served as the first great teacher of the investment discipline, as evidenced by those in their intellectual bloodline who developed their own. If you want to improve your investing skills, it doesn't hurt to learn from the best; Graham continues to prove their worth in their disciples, such as Buffett, who have made a habit of beating the market.
Below you will find a table of stocks Forbes recently identified based on the Benjamin Graham screen of the American Association of Individual Investors.
Company Description Market Cap ($mil) Price/Earnings Yield Spartan Motors Auto & truck manufacturers 152 3.1 2.1% Euroseas Water transportation 168 2.7 14.5 Signet Jewelers Retail 608 3.5 538.6 Ternium S.A. (ADR) Iron & steel 2,007 2.1 5 United States Steel Iron & steel 4,006 1.9 3.5
Source: AAII Stock Investor Pro
--The price-to-earnings ratio is among the lowest 10% of the database (percent rank less than or equal to 10).
--The current ratio for the last fiscal quarter (Q1) is greater than or equal to 1.5.
--The long-term debt to working capital ratio for the last fiscal quarter (Q1) is greater than 0% and less than 110%.
--Earnings per share for each of the last five fiscal years and for the last 12 months have been positive.
--The company intends to pay a dividend over the next year (indicated dividend is greater than zero).
--The company has paid a dividend over the last 12 months.
--Earnings per share for the last 12 months is greater than the earnings per share from five years ago (Y5).
--Earnings per share for the last fiscal year (Y1) is greater than the earnings per share from five years ago (Y5).
--The price-to-book ratio is less than or equal to 1.2.
This article is adapted from Investopedia.com, the Web's largest site dedicated to financial education. Click here for more educational articles from Investopedia.
Stretchy fabric, no underwiring or padding, and real women as models: The 'Feminist' lingerie that's NOT meant to be sexy
Hayat Rachi, 25, founded ‘unapologetic feminist' lingerie brand Neon Moon
First collection 'Mon Dieu' offers comfortable styles without padding
For women of all sizes and body types as well as those who like body hair
The New Girl actor Zooey Deschanel endorsed the designs
Published: 02:29 EST, 24 March 2015 | Updated: 02:29 EST, 24 March 2015
Rather than burning their bra, an entrepreneur fed up with 'sexualised' underwear in stores was inspired to design their own range that suited their feminist ideals.
Hayat Racho used their life's savings to found British lingerie brand Neon Moon to provide stylish underwear for women of all shapes and sizes.
The first collection, called Mon Dieu offers simple, sporty-looking sets which are free from cleavage-boosting padding or wiring.
SHARE PICTURE
Copy link to paste in your message +7 Designer Hayat Racho raised money on a fundraising website to start their own feminist lingerie line (modelled here by two real women)
SHARE PICTURE
Copy link to paste in your message +7 SHARE PICTURE
Copy link to paste in your message +7 In their images, Racho was determined to use real women, posing naturally and not catering to the male gaze
The lingerie - which comes in chartreuse, orange and black - is made from sustainable bamboo fabric rather than lace and satin because it moulds to the wearer's body, and has antibacterial properties.
On their fundraising Kickstarter page Racho wrote: ‘Not everything is about being sexy or being objectified for the male gaze.'
Explaining why they felt driven to design the line, they said: ‘I found it difficult to find a lingerie brand that shared the same ethos as myself: empowerment, body confidence and the non-objectification of women.'
‘So instead of succumbing to the body-shaming, sexualised and objectifying lingerie on the market, I used my frustration to start my own brand, Neon Moon, with the support of The Prince's Trust.'
After being accepted on to the charity's year-long enterprise program, Racho received mentorship and professional advice for free to develop their product.
In the brand's promotional imagery, the two models certainly seem empowered lounging around the house in Neon Moon underwear.
SHARE PICTURE
Copy link to paste in your message +7 The underwear sets aren't underwired or padded and are made with anti-bacterial, soft bamboo fibre
The women look smiling and healthy and sport natural bodies, rather than catwalk models' ultra-slimline shape.
Racho named each of the underwear styles with 'Francophile sounding words, calling them: Coucou, Bof, Tac-Tac and Non!.
They said: 'They are really vibrant and fun words to pronounce, which works well with the vibrant colours of the bras and knickers.'
The entrepreneur launched a Kickstarter campaign for Neon Moon, which ends on 10 April, and has already exceeded the original £5,000 target, with 165 backers.
Racho explains the brand's story in the accompanying video with lingering detail shots panning over their creations, a behind-the-scenes look at the promotional shoot, and girls pledging their support to their campaign.
They said: ‘I am absolutely elated with the result. I genuinely couldn't fathom reaching the £5,000 goal with 18 days left!'
SHARE PICTURE
Copy link to paste in your message +7 SHARE PICTURE
Copy link to paste in your message +7 Racho wanted to design lingerie that wasn't about objectifying women
‘I have been so blessed by the support received from women, men, transgender and non-binary people's generosity!'
‘The amount of press created, and also Zooey Deschanel sharing an article on Neon Moon on their facebook (to close to six million followers) added to such a viral buzz about Neon Moon's Kickstarter.
‘All extra money funded beyond £5,000 will go into producing more lingerie for the “Mon Dieu” collection in order to sell directly online.'
They added that there's a deeper significance to raising money so quickly for them concept.
‘[It] just goes to show that people do not agree with the sexualisation and objectification of girls within the lingerie industry.'
Neon Moon is 'revolutionising' the underwear world by being 'a body-positive, feminist lingerie brand,' they added.
Neon Moon underwear is available in size small (UK eight to ten), medium (UK ten to 12) and large (12 to 14) through the Kickstarter campaign
SHARE PICTURE
Copy link to paste in your message +7 Images for Neon Moon included real women who even showed off their armpit hair in pictures
Share or comment on this article
13 shares
. . .
When a colony of honey bees grows to about 4,000 members, it triggers an important first stage in its reproductive cycle — the building of a special type of comb used for rearing male reproductives, also known as drones. Drones are male honey bees that develop from unfertilized eggs. Their sole purpose in a colony is to mate with virgin queens from other colonies, thereby spreading the genes of the colony that produced the successful drones.
A team of experts from the Department of Neurobiology and Behavior at Cornell University, led by Michael Smith, studied what starts the reproductive cycle of honey bee colonies. The results are published in the journal Naturwissenschaften.
They found that while every colony built worker comb (non-reproductive comb), not every colony built drone comb (reproductive comb). In fact, only an increase in the number of workers stimulated the workers to start constructing drone comb. This was seen whenever colonies contained 4,000 or more worker bees.
“Colonies with more workers built a greater proportion of drone comb, but colonies with more comb, more brood, or more honey stores, did not do so,” Smith summarizes. “We estimate that a colony needs approximately 4,000 workers to invest in building drone comb.”
The researchers were still left wondering about precisely how an individual worker bee knows how many other workers there are in its colony. Smith and their team speculate that this might have to do with how crowded individuals feel while working side by side in the hive. They are currently engaged in further research to shed more light on this mystery.
The researchers believe that their findings are also relevant to other social systems in which a group's members must adjust their behavior in relationship to the group's size.
Read more at:
– A critical number of workers in a honey bee colony triggers investment in reproduction
Commune in French Polynesia, France
Tubuai or Tupua'i is the main island of the Tubuai Island group, located at , 640 km (400 mi) south of Tahiti. In addition to Tubuai, the group of islands includes Rimatara, Rurutu, Raivavae and the uninhabited Îles Maria. They are part of the Austral Islands in the far southwest of French Polynesia in the south Pacific Ocean. Tubuai island sustains a population of 2,170 people on 45 km² of land.[1] Due to its southerly position, Tubuai has notably cooler weather than Tahiti.[2]
The island is ringed by a lagoon formed by an encircling coral reef. A break in the reef that enables passage for ships is located on the north side of the island.[2] Tubuai has two volcanic domes, with its highest point, Mt Taita'a, being 422 meters.[3] Six or seven islets called motus lie along the reef rim that encircles the island. These were described in the late 1700s as having an abundance of Toa trees, which the native islanders used in housebuilding and in making war clubs and spears due to the wood's density.[4][5]
History [ edit ]
Early Polynesia [ edit ]
The island has been inhabited for more than 2000 years.[6] In the ancient past a road was built that encircled the island. There exists on the island today the stone ruins of a “great number of structures, house platforms, marae complexes, and cemeteries...”[7] According to David Stanley's South Pacific Handbook:
"The Austral islands were one of the great art areas of the Pacific, represented today in many museums. The best-known artifacts are tall sharkskin drums, wooden bowls, fly whisks, and tapa cloth."[2]
View of Tubuai looking across the lagoon from one of its motus
Arrival of Bounty mutineers [ edit ]
Bounty Mutineers
Tubuai was first viewed by Europeans when it was mapped by Captain James Cook in 1777, although their party did not disembark. Cook discovered the island's name, "Toobouai", from the natives who surrounded their ship in their canoes (a Tahitian named Omai, who was part of Cook's group, translated).[8]
The next Europeans to arrive were the mutineers of the HMS Bounty in 1789. Mutineer Fletcher Christian, in looking for an island on which to permanently hide, had "scoured" Bligh's maps and nautical charts and decided on Tubuai.[8]
Upon arrival at Tubuai, a conflict arose while the mutineers were still on their ship and several islanders were killed in their canoes. The site of this event in the lagoon on the north side of the island is called Baie Sanglant (Bloody Bay).[3]
Mutineer James Morrison[9] wrote: "The Island is full of Inhabitants for its size and may Contain 3000 souls."[4] After only ten days on the island, the mutineers sailed for Tahiti to get women and livestock in which they were only nominally successful.[8] When they returned to Tubuai they built a fort on the northeast part of the island at Ta'ahueia, manned with cannon and swivel gun which they named Fort George. The mutineer leader, Fletcher Christian, knew that settling on Tahiti was sure to mean the mutineers' eventual discovery and arrest, so despite being viewed as intruders, Christian was reluctant to view permanent settlement on Tubuai as unfeasible.[5] Christian favoured using diplomacy over time to eventually obtain wives, but many of the other mutineers insisted on raiding parties to take wives by force.[5] The islanders of Tubuai did not want to allow their women to stay at the mutineer camp, or to allow them to become wives.[5] They also were not disposed to trade food. It was not long before armed parties of mutineers started burning houses and desecrating marae during skirmishes to obtain women. More battles ensued and more natives were killed.[10] One mutineer, heavily tattooed Thomas Burkett (who was later tried and hanged in England for mutiny) was speared in the side by one of the islanders during one of the skirmishes.[11][12] After only two months since their first arrival on Tubuai the mutineers left for good.[2]
1800s [ edit ]
Increased contact with Europeans also meant more exposure to diseases to which the islanders had no immunity. This proved particularly devastating to the population of Tubuai. At some point during the 30 years from when the mutineers left the island on September 17, 1789, and the early 1820s when accounts by Christian missionaries began to be recorded, the population that was estimated by the mutineer Morrison to be 3000 was now reduced to no more than 300 people.[13][14][15] One Protestant minister when visiting a congregation on Tubuai on January 3, 1824, wrote that several islanders were still suffering from a devastating illness. They described the symptoms and noted that several hundred had died within the previous four years.[13]
Geography [ edit ]
Tupua'i is located at , just above the Tropic of Capricorn. The island is at the centre of Austral Islands, located 195 km from Ra'ivāvae, 210 km from Rurutu, 700 km from Rapa Iti and 640 km south of Tahiti.
It consists of two former sets of volcanic peaks on Mount Taita'a (422 m (1,385 ft)) which are separated by the collar of Huahine (35 m (115 ft)). Its area is 45 square kilometres (17 square miles), surrounded by a large lagoon (the largest of the Austral Islands).
The barrier reef that surrounds it in effect creates a lagoon of 85 square kilometres (33 square miles), an area almost double that of the island. It sometimes reaches 5 kilometres (3.1 miles) wide. Its depth is low, leading to a characteristic colour of turquoise or jade. For a large part, its depth is around 6 metres (20 feet). However, it can reach up to 25 metres (82 feet) in some parts of the south-east. The waters are constantly replenished via a rather strong and fairly constant ocean current, contributing to the preservation of the lagoon habitat and the health of the coral in the reef. The generally cooler waters and until recently very low pollution have also helped sustain this environment.
Many small streams run through the island, though they often empty into swamps rather than the sea. These swamps represent a fairly large portion of the island. Only the river Vaiohuru has any real flow.
Eight offshore islands motu in Tahitian, surround the main island (with an additional 0.4 sq km):
Motu One (also known as îlot de sable (Sandly Islet) in the North)
(Sandly Islet) in the North) Motu Rautaro
Motu Toena
Motu Roa (also called Motu Tāpapatava'e)
Motu Mitihā (originally Motiha'a)
Motu 'Ōfa'i (also called îlot caillou (Rock Island))
(Rock Island)) 'Iri'iriroa
Îlot plat (Flat Island)
The islets above are listed in clockwise direction from the north of the island. The last two islands are often submerged and hence not visible.
The motu 'Ōfa'i is itself the only island that has not formed through the coral because it is only composed of basalt, hence its name. It is also the only outcrop of volcanic land other than the main island.
Climate [ edit ]
The climate of Tubuai is cooler than Tahiti, with temperatures averaging 20–25 °C (68–77 °F).[16] The climate is rather temperate although it can be quite tropical for a large part of the year. The lowest temperature measured on the island was 9.2 °C (48.6 °F) on 31 August 1951. The highest was 32.7 °C (90.9 °F) on 25 March 1980.[17] The lagoon waters typically reach 26 °C (79 °F) in summer but only drop a few degrees in winter.
The rainfall is about 2000 mm per year with about 1700 mm per year for the years 2006 and 2007. The highest recorded rainfall 2839 mm in 1962 and the lowest was 1186 mm 1952. The record for rainfall in a day is in turn 191 mm on 23 April 1942.[17]
Hours of sunlight is about average for the Australs and is around 1970 hours per year,[18] one of the lowest levels in Polynesia. The humidity is lower in contrast to Tahiti in the order of a few percent, mainly due to its higher latitude and its lower altitude (thus retaining fewer clouds).
The trade winds coming from South-East are the prevailing winds. Those coming from the North or Northwest are synonymous with a change towards more sunny days.[19] The maximum recorded wind speeds, however, never exceeded 45 m/s.[17]
The island has also been the scene of several cyclones, though they are not very frequent and are often weakened before reaching landfall (as with Cyclone Meena in 2004). However, much bigger cyclones occasionally hit the island. As such, on 5 February 2010, Tupua'i found itself in the path of Cyclone Oli with winds averaging 160 km/h (gusting nearly 220 km/h).[20]
Average weather records on Tupua'i:[16]
Month Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Year Average maximum temperature (°C) 27.8 28.3 28.5 27.5 25.8 24.4 23.7 23.5 23.9 24.5 25.7 26.8 25.87 Average minimum temperature (°C) 22.8 23.3 23.0 22.1 20.4 18.5 18.1 18.0 18.0 18.9 20.3 21.5 20.41 Average temperature (°C) 25.3 25.8 25.75 24.8 23.1 21.45 20.9 20.75 20.95 21.7 23.0 24.05 23.14 Monthly average precipitation (mm) 199.2 175.3 176.3 174.2 137.5 107.8 144.9 148.7 98.7 120.1 121.8 187.7 149.35
Demographics [ edit ]
Since the 1990s, the island's population has stabilised to approximately 2,000 inhabitants.
Evolution of the population of Tupua'i since its discovery:[1][21][22]
Communes 1777 (discovery by Europeans) 1820 1895 1977 1983 1988 1996 2007 2012 Tupua'i about 3000 about 300 430 1419 1741 1846 2049 2050 2170 Mata'ura 868 954 1025 Ta'ahueia 558 552 572 Māhū 420 544 573
Administration [ edit ]
Tubuai is the administrative capital of the Austral Islands,[23] and the commune consists solely of this one island, including the six or seven motus surrounding it. Tubuai was annexed by France in 1881. The commune itself consists of the following associated communes:
See also [ edit ]
Sarah L. Myer, 41, was sentenced on Friday after pleading guilty to two counts of criminal sexual assault for engaging in a sexual relationship with a student
A mother-of-five teacher has been jailed for 10 years in Illinois for repeatedly having sex with a male student at the high school where they worked.
Sarah L. Myer, 41, was sentenced on Friday after pleading guilty to two counts of criminal sexual assault.
They admitted having sex with the boy on multiple occasions between November 2016 and April 2017.
They were not one of their students but was a student at the school.
Myer taught a special education maths class at the high school.
It is not clear if they are married or single.
Them relationship with the boy was revealed when they reported it.
They were charged over two incidents in Boone County but more charges may be brought from a separate jurisdiction.
Myer was given time served for the 261 days they have spent behind bars since they were arrested earlier this year.
Illinois' sexual assault laws and sentences are strict - for criminal sexual assault, which Myer was convicted of twice, the mandatory minimum sentence is four years but can span up to 15 on the offender's first charge.
On any additional counts, that sentence can be stretched to a minimum of 30-60 years (second charge) or life (third count) if the judge considers it a suitable sentence.
It is a stark contrast to other states, like Utah, where teachers have recently walked free from court despite having sex with students.
1. Overview
In this article, we will discover how to develop cross-platform client-server applications with the help of RPC framework called Apache Thrift.
We will cover:
Defining data types and service interfaces with IDL
Installing the library and generating the sources for different languages
Implementing the defined interfaces in particular language
Implementing client/server software
If you want to go straight to examples, proceed straight to section 5.
2. Apache Thrift
Apache Thrift was originally developed by the Facebook development team and is currently maintained by Apache.
In comparison to Protocol Buffers, which manage cross-platform object serialization/deserialization processes, Thrift mainly focuses on the communication layer between components of your system.
Thrift uses a special Interface Description Language (IDL) to define data types and service interfaces which are stored as .thrift files and used later than input by the compiler for generating the source code of client and server software that communicate over different programming languages.
To use Apache Thrift in your project, add this Maven dependency:
<dependency> <groupId>org.apache.thrift</groupId> <artifactId>libthrift</artifactId> <version>0.10.0</version> </dependency>
You can find the latest version in the Maven repository.
3. Interface Description Language
As already described, IDL allows defining of communication interfaces in a neutral language. Below you will find the currently supported types.
3.1. Base Types
bool – a boolean value (true or false)
byte – an 8-bit signed integer
i16 – a 16-bit signed integer
i32 – a 32-bit signed integer
i64 – a 64-bit signed integer
double – a 64-bit floating point number
string – a text string encoded using UTF-8 encoding
3.2. Special Types
binary – a sequence of unencoded bytes
optional – a Java 8's Optional type
3.3. Structs
Thrift structs are the equivalent of classes in OOP languages but without inheritance. A struct has a set of strongly typed fields, each with a unique name as an identifier. Fields may have various annotations (numeric field IDs, optional default values, etc.).
3.4. Containers
Thrift containers are strongly typed containers:
list – an ordered list of elements
set – an unordered set of unique elements
map<type1,type2> – a map of strictly unique keys to values
Container elements may be of any valid Thrift type.
3.5. Exceptions
Exceptions are functionally equivalent to structs, except that they inherit from the native exceptions.
3.6. Services
Services are actually communication interfaces defined using Thrift types. They consist of a set of named functions, each with a list of parameters and a return type.
4. Source Code Generation
4.1. Language Support
There's a long list of currently supported languages:
C++
C#
Go
Haskell
Java
Javascript
Node.js
Perl
PHP
Python
Ruby
You can check the full list here.
4.2. Using Library's Executable File
Just download the latest version, build and install it if necessary, and use the following syntax:
cd path/to/thrift thrift -r --gen [LANGUAGE] [FILENAME]
In the commands set above, [LANGUAGE] is one of the supported languages and [FILENAME] is a file with IDL definition.
Note the -r flag. It tells Thrift to generate code recursively once it notices includes in a given .thrift file.
4.3. Using Maven Plugin
Add the plugin in your pom.xml file:
<plugin> <groupId>org.apache.thrift.tools</groupId> <artifactId>maven-thrift-plugin</artifactId> <version>0.1.11</version> <configuration> <thriftExecutable>path/to/thrift</thriftExecutable> </configuration> <executions> <execution> <id>thrift-sources</id> <phase>generate-sources</phase> <goals> <goal>compile</goal> </goals> </execution> </executions> </plugin>
After that just execute the following command:
mvn clean install
Note that this plugin will not have any further maintenance anymore. Please visit this page for more information.
5. Example of a Client-Server Application
5.1. Defining Thrift File
Let's write some simple service with exceptions and structures:
namespace cpp com.baeldung.thrift.impl namespace java com.baeldung.thrift.impl exception InvalidOperationException { 1: i32 code, 2: string description } struct CrossPlatformResource { 1: i32 id, 2: string name, 3: optional string salutation } service CrossPlatformService { CrossPlatformResource get(1:i32 id) throws (1:InvalidOperationException e), void save(1:CrossPlatformResource resource) throws (1:InvalidOperationException e), list <CrossPlatformResource> getList() throws (1:InvalidOperationException e), bool ping() throws (1:InvalidOperationException e) }
As you can see, the syntax is pretty simple and self-explanatory. We define a set of namespaces (per implementation language), an exception type, a struct, and finally a service interface which will be shared across different components.
Then just store it as a service.thrift file.
5.2. Compiling and Generating a Code
Now it's time to run a compiler which will generate the code for us:
thrift -r -out generated --gen java /path/to/service.thrift
As you might see, we added a special flag -out to specify the output directory for generated files. If you did not get any errors, the generated directory will contain 3 files:
CrossPlatformResource.java
CrossPlatformService.java
InvalidOperationException.java
Let's generate a C++ version of the service by running:
thrift -r -out generated --gen cpp /path/to/service.thrift
Now we get 2 different valid implementations (Java and C++) of the same service interface.
5.3. Adding a Service Implementation
Although Thrift has done most of the work for us, we still need to write our own implementations of the CrossPlatformService. In order to do that, we just need to implement a CrossPlatformService.Iface interface:
public class CrossPlatformServiceImpl implements CrossPlatformService.Iface { @Override public CrossPlatformResource get(int id) throws InvalidOperationException, TException { return new CrossPlatformResource(); } @Override public void save(CrossPlatformResource resource) throws InvalidOperationException, TException { saveResource(); } @Override public List<CrossPlatformResource> getList() throws InvalidOperationException, TException { return Collections.emptyList(); } @Override public boolean ping() throws InvalidOperationException, TException { return true; } }
5.4. Writing a Server
As we said, we want to build a cross-platform client-server application, so we need a server for it. The great thing about Apache Thrift is that it has its own client-server communication framework which makes communication a piece of cake:
public class CrossPlatformServiceServer { public void start() throws TTransportException { TServerTransport serverTransport = new TServerSocket(9090); server = new TSimpleServer(new TServer.Args(serverTransport) .processor(new CrossPlatformService.Processor<>(new CrossPlatformServiceImpl()))); System.out.print("Starting the server... "); server.serve(); System.out.println("done."); } public void stop() { if (server != null && server.isServing()) { System.out.print("Stopping the server... "); server.stop(); System.out.println("done."); } } }
First thing is to define a transport layer with the implementation of TServerTransport interface (or abstract class, to be more precise). Since we are talking about server, we need to provide a port to listen to. Then we need to define a TServer instance and choose one of the available implementations:
TSimpleServer – for simple server
TThreadPoolServer – for multi-threaded server
TNonblockingServer – for non-blocking multi-threaded server
And finally, provide a processor implementation for chosen server which was already generated for us by Thrift, i.e. CrossPlatofformService.Processor class.
5.5. Writing a Client
And here is the client's implementation:
TTransport transport = new TSocket("localhost", 9090); transport.open(); TProtocol protocol = new TBinaryProtocol(transport); CrossPlatformService.Client client = new CrossPlatformService.Client(protocol); boolean result = client.ping(); transport.close();
From a client perspective, the actions are pretty similar.
First of all, define the transport and point it to our server instance, then choose the suitable protocol. The only difference is that here we initialize the client instance which was, once again, already generated by Thrift, i.e. CrossPlatformService.Client class.
Since it is based on .thrift file definitions we can directly call methods described there. In this particular example, client.ping() will make a remote call to the server which will respond with true.
6. Conclusion
In this article, we've shown you the basic concepts and steps in working with Apache Thrift, and we've shown how to create a working example which utilizes Thrift library.
As usually, all the examples can be always found over in the GitHub repository.
NASHVILLE — With the Mets still genuinely undecided about whether to sign or trade R.A. Dickey, the team and its Cy Young Award-winner remained apart in contract negotiations on Tuesday — but the gap was not unbridgable.
Reports surfaced on Day 2 of the winter meetings that Dickey was seeking a three-year, $45 million contract, but two people with direct knowledge of the process confirmed what the Daily News has reported for weeks remained true: The Mets know they can sign Dickey to a two-year extension at approximately $13 million per season, which would begin after they are paid $5 million next season.
Team insiders said that the Mets were not willing to pay Dickey quite that much.
Despite the impasse in negotiations that might or might not be permanent, some high-ranking Mets people remained optimistic about agreeing to an extension with Dickey.
"I think they stay," one team insider said.
Still, it was just as easy to find Mets people expressing confidence that the team could receive several top prospects in a Dickey deal — sources on Tuesday stressed the Rangers as a possibility, while downplaying the Brewers, Royals and Diamondbacks — and rival executives believed that they would ultimately be dealt.
What conclusions can be drawn from this contradictory information? Here was the bottom line, as of Tuesday night: The situation could still go either way. General manager Sandy Alderson was said by associates to be genuine in their publicly stated desire to retain Dickey, but unsure if that would ultimately be the best course for the Mets.
Asked directly on Tuesday if the differences between the Mets and Dickey over money were unresolvable, Alderson said, "I think that remains to be seen."
The GM did not predict a quick resolution to a drama that has consumed the winter meetings.
"Something could happen on either front that would bring all of this to a conclusion, presumably," Alderson said. "I don't think that's going to happen today. It may not happen tomorrow. It may not happen in Nashville. So it's really hard for me to guess where this is ultimately going.
"But the sentiment that we've had from the beginning I think remains the same — we'd like to have them in New York."
According to team sources, the Mets are discussing a variety of trade possibilities in an effort to acquire position players, some of which have nothing to do with Dickey. Because of a surplus of pitching in the organization, the Mets have talked about moving prospects Darin Gorski and Logan Verrett.
The Mets have also discussed Jon Niese enough to lead one source to conclude that early interest was not overwhelming. But publicly and privately, the Mets are disinclined right now to trade Niese — despite a widespread view among rival executives that the lefty would yield a far better return than Dickey.
Image caption Alvin Toffler appeared on a BBC Horizon show in 1995 discussing IT in warfare
Alvin Toffler, the author of Future Shock and other works predicting social, economic and technological change, has died at the age of 87.
Future Shock, which sold 15 million copies, defined people's anxiety at the pace of social change in the 1960s.
Toffler popularised terms such as "information overload" and their works led world leaders and business moguls to seek their advice.
They predicted the rise of the internet and decline of the nuclear family.
They died in their sleep late on Monday at their home in Bel Air, Los Angeles.
Online chat rooms
Although many writers in the 1960s focused on social upheavals related to technological advancement, Toffler wrote in a page-turning style that made difficult concepts easy to understand.
Future Shock (1970) argued that economists who believed the rise in prosperity of the 1960s was just a trend were wrong - and that it would continue indefinitely.
The Third Wave, in 1980, was a hugely influential work that forecast the spread of emails, interactive media, online chat rooms and other digital advancements.
But among the pluses, they also foresaw increased social alienation, rising drug use and the decline of the nuclear family.
Space colonies
Not all of their futurist predictions have come to pass. They thought humanity's frontier spirit would lead to the creation of "artificial cities beneath the waves" as well as colonies in space.
One of their most famous assertions was: "The illiterate of the 21st century will not be those who cannot read and write, but those who cannot learn, unlearn and relearn."
Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev, China Prime Minister Zhao Ziyang and Mexican business guru Carlos Slim were among those who sought their advice.
The futurologist, also termed futurist by some, was born to Jewish Polish immigrants in 1928 and honed their theories working for IBM and other technology firms in the 60s.
Toffler is survived by their wife, Heidi, with whom they collaborated on many of their books.
Bernie Sanders dominated the fourth Democratic debate on Sunday night — and the speaking time shows it.
For the first time, they spoke more than frontrunner Hillary Clinton, with 30 minutes of speaking time to Clinton's 27 minutes:
Former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley came in a distant third, which isn't likely to help a candidate who began their remarks Sunday night by reminding the audience of theirs name.
Sanders's increased speaking time came as he's climbing in the polls and appearing to pose a real threat to Clinton in the Iowa caucuses. Viewers who missed the past three Democratic debates and who tuned in for the first time saw in Sanders a sharper, more detailed, still combative candidate — and one who was getting a lot of airtime.
OXON HILL, Md. — Sen. Rand Paul promised a crowd at the Conservative Political Action Conference on Friday that they will soon "propose the largest tax cut in American history."
"I propose we cut everyone's taxes, from the richest to the poorest," Paul said.
Paul's senior adviser Doug Stafford did not have further details to offer on Paul's tax-cut proposal, but said it would be ready in "a few weeks."
As Paul gears up to run for president, with plans to make their candidacy official in early April, they have had no problem attracting support from libertarians, who showed up Friday as usual to cheer Paul at CPAC.
RELATED ARTICLE: Rand Paul returns $1.8 million in unused Senate office money
But tailoring their message to a broader Republican audience has presented more of a challenge. Pushing for lower taxes, a well-loved cornerstone of Republican policy, might help them square that circle.
They didn't need to moderate their message Friday, however. Paul spoke to an audience of devoted, libertarian supporters who populate CPAC each year. They hit on many favorite libertarian topics, including opposition to NSA spying and term limits for congressional lawmakers and federal judges.
Asked what they could choose if they could make one amendment to the Constitution, Paul replied, "term limits," without missing a beat.
RELATED ARTICLE: Rand Paul's hazardous Kentucky plan
But Paul wasted little time criticizing President Obama, as many CPAC speakers have and will. Instead, they trained their fire on former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, the likely nominee for president.
Paul has been among the most aggressive, and least coy, likely candidates for president thus far, and they are already a reliable critic of Clinton among likely Republican candidates for president.
At CPAC, Paul continued to critique the former secretary of state.
"Hillary Clinton's abdication of responsibility" to prevent the attacks in Benghazi, Libya, "should forever preclude them from higher office," they said.
Paul added, "It's time for Hillary Clinton to permanently retire."
Facebook, Ericsson, MediaTek, Nokia, Opera, Qualcomm, Samsung to be founding partners
MENLO PARK, CA, — Mark Zuckerberg, founder and CEO of Facebook, today announced the launch of internet.org, a global partnership with the goal of making internet access available to the next 5 billion people.
“Everything Facebook has done has been about giving all people around the world the power to connect,” Zuckerberg said. “There are huge barriers in developing countries to connecting and joining the knowledge economy. Internet.org brings together a global partnership that will work to overcome these challenges, including making internet access available to those who cannot currently afford it.”
Today, only 2.7 billion people – just over one-third of the world's population — have access to the internet. Internet adoption is growing by less than 9% each year, which is slow considering how early we are in its development.
The goal of Internet.org is to make internet access available to the two-thirds of the world who are not yet connected, and to bring the same opportunities to everyone that the connected third of the world has today.
The founding members of internet.org — Facebook, Ericsson, MediaTek, Nokia, Opera, Qualcomm and Samsung — will develop joint projects, share knowledge, and mobilize industry and governments to bring the world online. These founding companies have a long history of working closely with mobile operators and expect them to play leading roles within the initiative, which over time will also include NGOs, academics and experts as well. Internet.org is influenced by the successful Open Compute Project, an industry-wide initiative that has lowered the costs of cloud computing by making hardware designs more efficient and innovative.
In order to achieve its goal of connecting the two-thirds of the world who are not yet online, internet.org will focus on three key challenges in developing countries:
Making access affordable: Partners will collaborate to develop and adopt technologies that make mobile connectivity more affordable and decrease the cost of delivering data to people worldwide. Potential projects include collaborations to develop lower-cost, higher-quality smartphones and partnerships to more broadly deploy internet access in underserved communities. Mobile operators will play a central role in this effort by driving initiatives that benefit the entire ecosystem.
Using data more efficiently: Partners will invest in tools that dramatically reduce the amount of data required to use most apps and internet experiences. Potential projects include developing data compression tools, enhancing network capabilities to more efficiently handle data, building systems to cache data efficiently and creating frameworks for apps to reduce data usage.
Helping businesses drive access: Partners will support development of sustainable new business models and services that make it easier for people to access the internet. This includes testing new models that align incentives for mobile operators, device manufacturers, developers and other businesses to provide more affordable access than has previously been possible. Other efforts will focus on localizing services – working with operating system providers and other partners to enable more languages on mobile devices.
By reducing the cost and amount of data required for most apps and enabling new business models, Internet.org is focused on enabling the next 5 billion people to come online.
Facebook, Ericsson, MediaTek, Nokia, Opera, Qualcomm, Samsung and other partners will build on existing partnerships while exploring new ways to collaborate to solve these problems.
“For more than 100 years, Ericsson has been enabling communications for all and today more than 6 billion people in the world have access to mobile communications,” said Hans Vestberg, President and CEO of Ericsson. “We are committed to shaping the Networked Society – where everyone and everything will be connected in real time; creating the freedom, empowerment and opportunity to transform society. We believe affordable connectivity and internet access improves people's lives and helps build a more sustainable planet and therefore we are excited to participate in the internet.org initiative.”
“As a world leader in mobile solutions for emerging markets having powered more than 300 million smart devices within 2 years, MediaTek whole heartedly supports the internet.org initiative.” said MK Tsai, Chairman of MediaTek. “Global Internet and social media access represent the biggest shift since the industrial revolution, and we want to make it all-inclusive.”
“Nokia is deeply passionate about connecting people – to one another and the world around them,” said Nokia President and CEO Stephen Elop. “Over the years, Nokia has connected well over a billion people. Our industry is now at an exciting inflection point where Internet connectivity is becoming more affordable and efficient for consumers while still offering them great experiences. Universal internet access will be the next great industrial revolution.”
“Today, more than 300 million people use Opera every month to access the Internet. Tomorrow, we have a chance to serve the next 5 billion people connecting on mobile devices in developing countries. It's in Opera's DNA to save people time, money and data, and through internet.org we think we can help advance these goals.” — Lars Boilesen, CEO Opera Software.
“Mobile has helped to transform many people's lives in the emerging regions where often a computing device will be the first and only mobile experience they'll ever have” said Paul Jacobs, chairperson of the board and CEO of Qualcomm Incorporated. “Having shipped more than 11 billion chips, Qualcomm is a market leader that is committed to the goal of bridging the digital divide. We're pleased to be a part of internet.org and to be working with key ecosystem players to drive this initiative forward.”
“This new initiative has big potential to help accelerate access to the Internet for everyone,” said JK Shin, CEO and President of the IT & Mobile Communications Division at Samsung Electronics. “We're focused on delivering high quality mobile devices to ensure that the next five billion people have great mobile Internet experiences.”
The Internet.org website launches today and provides an overview of the mission and goals, as well as a full list of the partners. In the coming weeks, it will feature interviews with technology leaders and experts, along with the latest news on Internet.org activities.
CLOSE A Brazilian judge cites discrepancies in the police report about the robbery.
American Ryan Lochte won only medal of the 2016 Olympics with the men's 4x200 freestyle relay. (Photo11: Peter Casey, USA TODAY Sports)
RIO DE JANEIRO — A Brazilian judge has ordered two U.S. swimmers not to leave the country, according to court documents obtained Wednesday. Ryan Lochte and Jimmy Feigen were ordered to stay in Rio three days after they said they were robbed.
Judge Keyla Blank said there were inconsistencies in the testimony of the two swimmers, who said they were robbed at gunpoint after a late night out. Lochte has already left the country, their agent said.
Blank wrote in their filing that there were discrepancies about the time when they left France House and arrived at the athletes' village.
According to the documents, they watched surveillance video of the swimmers arriving at the athletes' village. "They arrived with their psychological and physical integrity unperturbed," they wrote, also noting that the swimmers appeared to be joking with each other and did not appear to be upset.
Investigators need more time to determine whether they are guilty of filing a false police report, the judge wrote.
The U.S. Olympic Committee said police had further questions for the swimmers but that no athletes had been detained Wednesday morning.
“There was no effort to detain anyone, but police did have further questions this a.m. It is a matter for our consulate and U.S. citizen services and we will continue to cooperate with all involved," USOC spokesperson Patrick Sandusky told USA TODAY Sports.
Police went to the athletes' village to speak with the swimmers, who were not there. Lochte, Gunnar Bentz, Jack Conger and Feigen said they were robbed at gunpoint early Sunday morning.
It was unclear whether the other three swimmers were still in Rio. Bentz, who swims for the University of Georgia, originally planned to return to the United States on Thursday, Georgia sports information director Claude Felton said. But they did not know whether Bentz had already returned home.
Lochte told USA TODAY Sports on Tuesday that they initially did not tell the USOC that they and three other swimmers were victims of a robbery early Sunday morning "because we were afraid we'd get in trouble."
The four swimmers told USOC officials that they had been taking a taxi home early Sunday from France House when "their taxi was stopped by individuals posing as armed police officers who demanded the athletes' money and other personal belongings," according to a USOC statement.
Police investigating the case told the Associated Press they have found little evidence supporting the swimmers' account of the incident. The four swimmers were unable to provide key details in police interviews, according to the AP.
Jeff Ostrow, Lochte's attorney, said Lochte cooperated fully with authorities and gave a statement to representatives from the State Department, FBI, Tourist Police and the USOC's security team at about 7:30 p.m. Sunday night.
"I know that Ryan didn't want this to turn into what it did," Ostrow said. "The Olympics are more important and Team USA's performances are more important."
Rio 2016 and the International Olympic Committee did not address the case when asked about it at a news conference Wednesday. "Just for clarification, we won't be asking USOC for any comment. You'll have to go to them directly," IOC spokesperson Mark Adams said.
Contributing: Taylor Barnes
PHOTOS: the BEST SHOTS FROM RIO
In a livestreamed Q&A today, Hearthstone game designer Dean Ayala said that the number of pirate decks being played was currently "a little higher than we're comfortable with." They added that "if it continues to be that way, I'd expect us to do something about that." The clear implication being that if you blaggards keep picking pirates, then nerfs will be forthcoming.
Ayala noted that Team 5 rarely nerfs a deck because of its raw power level, it's the frequency at which the most popular decks are played which is the bigger concern. According to Blizzard's own internal stats, the highest winrate for any deck right now is only 52%, while the 11th best deck on the list is at 49%, implying that players have a diverse range of viable decks. However, as anyone who's ventured on the ladder recently will be able to attest, decks that run the "Pirates package" which include Small-Time Buccaneer and Patches are over-represented.
Ayala said it's extremely rare for a deck to achieve a winrate of 55% or above, but as soon as they start seeing a deck reach 25% of the total population, the team gets concerned. For example, when Undertaker was nerfed, Ayala said a whopping 40% of games being played involved the card. "While [Undertaker] decks were powerful, the bigger problem was population size."
 If the pirate package continues to stay the way it is in terms of population, I think we would step in and do something about it. Dean Ayala
Ayala also admitted that Pirate decks "tend to feel the same" to play against, which makes for a stale ladder experience. "Even if there's 10 or 12 cards different, I still feel like I'm losing to the same deck." Given that there's currently no real reason for players to stop playing pirates, it's reasonable to expect changes will be forthcoming. When exactly that may be is another matter entirely, but a reasonable guess would be alongside the balance patch that's likely to precede the next Standard rotation.
When asked if any cards from the Mean Streets of Gadgetzan were unexpectedly weak or strong compared to how they performed in testing, Ayala turned to the pirates again. They said the strength of pirates wasn't a surprise, but the fact that they could work in Warrior, Rogue, and Shaman was unexpected. (Feel free to do your own spit take about the Shaman part.)
Game director Ben Brode also took part in the Q&A, which is archived at the top of this page, and revealed that Blizzard is currently looking at making changes to the ranked ladder, which they say can suffer from "grindiness." Nothing has been decided yet, but ideas being kicked around include increasing the number of bonus stars players receive at the end of a season, setting up "breakpoints" at certain ranks that you wouldn't be able to drop below, or extending winstreak bonus stars past rank five.
Possible improvements are also being considered for Arena. Brode and Ayala mentioned potentially switching to the Standard format and tweaking the drafting mechanics to reduce how many common cards or neutral basic minions are offered each draft. Additionally, in an effort to make Arena feel like it matters more, starting next month Blizzard will be releasing the top 100 rankings for all Arena players who have completed more than 30 runs that season.
This post was contributed by a community member.
A few months ago, I backpacked through Southeast Asia. Every once in a while, I would stumble upon a delicious green teach concotion that was called "milk green tea." I am not sure if any of you have had a thai tea before, but it is the same idea, just with green tea instead of red. It is a mint green color and danced like sweet creamy green tea from heaven.
Since I have been back I get weekly cravings for this lovely little drink and so I set out on a coffee shop quest. I knew that your typical chain coffee shop would not have it so I had to explore the smaller ones. My search brought me to Citispot in Clinton. Right there in front of me, something I had been dreaming about for months, was a sign that said "matcha iced green tea." As I sat in one of the comfy leather chairs I thought to myself, this matcha green tea would be delightful as a dessert. Maybe green tea cake or cupcakes? With that idea in my head and the taste on my tongue I purchased some matcha green tea powder, which you can find at most asian markets.
The matcha green tea powder did not let me down. It is delicious as an iced green tea, and even more amazing as a cupcake. I made my cupcakes vegan and believe me, no one could tell.
Matcha Green Tea Vegan Cupcakes with Chocolate Frosting
Ingredients
1 1/4 cup flour
2/3 cup unsweetened almond milk
1/2 cup soy yogurt
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/4 teaspoon baking powder
teaspoon baking soda
1/3 cup canola oil
4 teaspoons matcha green tea powder
dash of salt
3/4 cup sugar
Preheat oven to 350 and grease the cupcake pan. Mix together all of the wet ingredients in a large bowl. In a separate bowl, mix together the dry ingredients and slowly add them to the wet mixture. Beat well until smooth. Bake for 20 min and add chocolate frosting recipe below.
Frosting
1/4 cup non-dairy butter
1/4 cup unsweetened almond milk
3/4 cup cocoa powder
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 cups powder sugar
In a large bowl, beat the butter and sugar until creamy. Add the rest of the ingredients and continue mixing until smooth.
These vegan cupcakes will have your meat-and-potato-eating friends and family crying for love of vegan food!
This article discusses Poland's involvement in the acquisition of colonial territories outside Europe. You may also be looking for: territorial changes of Poland or polonization.
Poland never formally had any colonial territories, however over its history the acquisition of such territories was at times contemplated, but never attempted. The closest Poland came to acquiring such territories was indirectly through the actions of the Duchy of Courland and Semigallia, a fief of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.
Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth [ edit ]
The Polish nobility was interested in colonies as early as the mid-16th century. In a contractual agreement, signed with king Henri de Valois (see also Henrician Articles), the szlachta secured permission to settle in some oversea territories of the Kingdom of France, but after de Valois's decision to opt for the crown of France and return to their homeland, the idea was abandoned.[1]
Duchy of Courland and Semigallia [ edit ]
On the basis of the Union of Vilnius (28 November 1561), Gotthard Kettler, the last Master of the Livonian Order, created the Duchy of Courland and Semigallia in the Baltics and became its first Duke. It was a vassal state of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania. Soon afterward, by the Union of Lublin (1 July 1569), the Grand Duchy became the part of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth.[2]
Some colonial territories for the Duchy of Courland and Semigallia were acquired by its third Duke and Gotthard's grandson Jacob Kettler. In their youth and during their studies abroad they were inspired by the wealth being brought back to various western European countries from their colonies. As a result, Kettler established one of the largest merchant fleets in Europe, with its main harbours in Windau (today Ventspils), and Libau (today Liepāja).[2] The Commonwealth never concerned itself with the Duchy of Courland's colonial aspirations, even though in 1647 Kettler met with king Władysław IV Waza, and suggested creation of a joint trade company, which would be active in India. However, the ailing king was not interested, and Kettler decided to act on their own.[1]
New Courland [ edit ]
Trinidad and Tobago on a world map
The first colony founded by Jacob was the New Courland (Neu-Kurland) on the Caribbean island of Tobago. However, three initial attempts to establish a settlement (in 1637, 1639 and 1642) failed. The fourth was founded in 1654, but eventually in 1659 was taken over by a competing Dutch colony, also founded on the island in 1654. Courland regained the island after the Treaty of Oliva in 1660 but abandoned it in 1666. It briefly attempted to reestablish colonies there again in 1668 and in 1680 (that lasted to 1683). The final attempt in 1686 lasted till 1690.[2]
Gambia [ edit ]
Courland settlements in Africa
In 1651 Courland bought James Island (then called St. Andrews Island by the Europeans) from a local tribe, establishing Fort James there and renaming the island. Courland also took other local land including St. Mary Island (modern day Banjul) and Fort Jillifree. The colony exported sugar, tobacco, coffee, cotton, ginger, indigo, rum, cocoa, tortoise shells, tropical birds and their feathers. The governors had very good relations with the locals, but were in conflict with other European powers, primarily Denmark, Sweden, and England. England eventually took over Courland's African territories in 1661.[2]
Toco [ edit ]
The final Courish attempt to establish a colony involved the settlement near modern Toco on Trinidad, Lesser Antilles.[2]
Partitioned Poland [ edit ]
Cameroon expedition [ edit ]
In 1882, almost a century after Poland was partitioned and lost its independence, Polish nobleman and officer of Russian Imperial Fleet, Stefan Szolc-Rogoziński organized an expedition to Cameroon.[3][4] Officially that was an exploration expedition, but unofficially the expedition was looking for a place a Polish colony could be founded.[5] They had no official support from the Russian Empire, nor from its puppet Congress Poland, but was backed by a number of influential Poles, including Boleslaw Prus, and Henryk Sienkiewicz. On 13 December 1882, accompanied by Leopold Janikowski and Klemens Tomczek, Rogoziński left French port of Le Havre, aboard a ship Lucja Malgorzata, with French and Polish flags. The expedition was a failure, and they returned to Europe, trying to collect more money for their project. Finally, after second expedition, Rogoziński found themselves in Paris, where they died 1 December 1896.
Meanwhile, Cameroon was being taken over by Germany and Great Britain. In 1884 Rogoziński signed an agreement with a British representative, who was to provide protection to their settlement, but next year, at the Congress of Berlin, Great Britain ceded its Cameroon possessions to Germany (see Kamerun).
Second Polish Republic [ edit ]
Poland regained independence in the aftermath of World War I. While colonization was never a major focus of the Second Polish Republic, certain organizations like the Maritime and Colonial League supported the idea of creating Polish colonies. The Maritime and Colonial League traces its origins to the Polska Bandera (Polish Banner) organization founded on 1 October 1918.[6] The League supported purchases of lands by Polish emigrants in places like Brazil and Liberia.[6] The League became highly influential in shaping the government's policies with regards to Polish Merchant Marine, despite its long and ongoing campaign (publications, exhibitions, speeches, lobbying, etc.) and public support, it has however never succeeded in following up with its plans to obtain a colonial territory for Poland.[6] Furthermore, in 1926, Colonial Society (Towarzystwo Kolonizacyjne) was founded in Warsaw. Its task was to direct Polish emigrants to South America, and the Society soon became active there, mostly in Brazilian state of Espirito Santo.[7]
Some historians, such as Tadeusz Piotrowski, have characterized government policies supporting interwar Polish settlement in modern-day Ukraine and Belarus as colonization (see Osadnik).[8] Using a highly theoretical framework, one scholar argues that Poland's settlement projects, in particular the Liberian affair, should be seen as a rework of the New South ideology that considered Africans as people who could only implement hard labour such as land cultivation and assume inferior economic and political positions, as attributed to African-Americans in the New South. Such projects, the argument goes, would lead to the prioritization of European lives over Africans' with economic and racial implications.[9] In contrast, several Polish and Polish-American historians attribute fewer racist motivations to Poland's attempts in Africa and Latin America. They point out that Poland's largely economic attempts to acquire tropical materials unavailable in continental Europe became infused with counterproductive colonial discourse still popular across Europe at the time.[10] The Polish projects, less politically expansionist than they might seem, fulfilled specific functions in Polish foreign policy not only in relation to the question of Jewish emigration but also in Polish-German relations.[11]
The following regions were considered for Polish colonization during the interwar period:
Brazil (Paraná region): Polish emigration to that region began even before World War I, in the 1930s approximately 150,000 Poles lived there (18.3% of local inhabitants). Government-sponsored settlement action began there in 1933, after the Maritime and Colonial League, together with other organizations, had bought a total of 250,000 hectares of land. Brazilian government, fearing that the Poles might plan to annex part of Brazil, reacted very quickly, limiting activities of Polish organizations. Since the government in Warsaw did not want to intervene, the project ended by late 1930s [1] See also: Polish minority in Brazil
See also: Polish minority in Brazil Peru (near Ucayali River): positively sassed in 1927. In January 1928, Polish expedition headed for the area of the Ucayali, to check possibilities of creation of settlements for farmers on several thousand hectares of rainforest. Soon afterward, first settlers arrived in Peru, but because of the Great Crisis, the government in Warsaw ceased to fund the action. Private donations were insufficient, furthermore, the first settlers discovered the local condition to be much worse than advertised. In 1933, the contract with the Peruvians was terminated, and to avoid international scandal, all settlers returned to Poland. [12]
Angola: On 14 December 1928, the Maritime and Colonial League sent an expedition to Angola, which was then a Portuguese colony. The plan was to try to bring as many Polish immigrants as possible, and then try to purchase some land from the Portuguese. However, after five years, one of the first pioneers in Angola, Michal Zamoyski, wrote: "Personally, I would not persuade anybody to live in Angola". Living conditions were difficult, profits were marginal, and the idea was abandoned. [1]
Liberia: Liberian and Polish governments had good relations because of Polish support for Liberia in the League of Nations. In the fall of 1932, the League of Nations drafted a plan which projected turning Liberia into a protectorate, governed by one of members of the League. The plan was the result of internal policies of Liberia, where slavery was widespread. Since Poland was not regarded by the Liberians as a country which had colonial aspirations, in late 1932 unofficial envoy of Liberian government, dr Leo Sajous, came to Warsaw to ask for help. On April 1933, an agreement was signed between Liberia and the Maritime and Colonial League. The Africans agreed to lease minimum of 60 hectares of land to Polish farmers, for a period of 50 years. Polish businesses were awarded the status of the most favoured nation, and Warsaw was permitted to found a society to exploit natural resources of Liberia. Liberian government invited settlers from Poland in 1934. Altogether, the Liberians granted to Polish settlers 50 plantations, with total area of 7,500 acres (3,035 ha). In the second half of 1934, six Polish farmers left for Liberia: Gizycki, Szablowski, Brudzinski, Chmielewski, Januszewicz and Armin. The project was not fully supported by the Polish government but rather by the Maritime League; only few dozens of Poles took on that offer (because of Liberian requests that the settlers should bring significant capital) and their ventures proved to be, on the most part, unprofitable. The original of the agreement has been lost, but, according to some sources, there was a secret protocol that allowed Poland to draft 100,000 African soldiers. The Polish involvement in Liberia was harshly opposed by the United States of America, creator of the nation of Liberia. As a result of American pressure, in 1938 the Polish Ministry of Foreign Affairs closed the office of the Maritime and Colonial League in Monrovia. [1] [10]
Mozambique: plans for colonization of Mozambique were tied to business investments by some Polish enterprise near the late 1930s and never progressed beyond normal foreign investment (acquisition of agricultural lands and mines).
Madagascar: another plan for acquiring the French colony of Madagascar by the Polish government was discussed in 1926, but the idea was deemed to be unfeasible.[13] The idea was revisited in the 1930s, when it was proposed that Polish Jews, who were perceived to dominate the Polish professions, be encouraged to emigrate. At one point, Polish foreign minister Józef Beck bluntly proposed that Madagascar be used as a "dumping ground" for Poland's "surplus" Jewish population.[14] The Polish government proposed the concept of Jewish emigration to Madagascar to the League of Nations in 1936 and sent a delegation to evaluate the island in 1937.[14] France, seeking to strengthen its ties with Poland and discourage Polish-German cooperation, participated in the venture,[14] which included the French official Marcel Moutet. Warsaw sent a special delegation to Madagascar, under major of the Polish Army Mieczyslaw Lepecki. The plan is variously described as having come to nought shortly after the 1937 expedition [15] or as being terminated by the German Invasion of Poland in September 1939.[16]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
U.S. Rep. Darrell Issa, R-Calif., at a House judiciary committee in May.
Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images
Before their summer recess began, House Republicans got a booklet full of advice. Suggestion No. 1: Go fishing for more IRS scandals. “Invite local 501(c)3 and 501(c)4 group leaders to your district office to hear stories of how they could have been targeted by the IRS,” advised party leaders. “Hold a press conference.”
The none-too-subtle message was that the furor over the IRS's nosy letters to political groups—mostly conservative groups—was not phony. Republicans would pursue any lead of any kind, anywhere. And yesterday, they claimed to have found another lead at the offices of the Federal Election Commission. The House's own investigations had turned up emails from FEC staffers to the IRS's tax exemption division—run by Lois Lerner, the Darth Vader of the scandal—asking for current exemption info on 501(c)3s called the American Future Fund and the American Principles Project. In an interview with CNN, outgoing Republican FEC Commissioner Donald McGahn called this “probably out of the ordinary.”
Darrell Issa heard their cue. The chairperson of the House oversight committee sent a letter to FEC Chair Ellen Weintraub—a Democratic appointee—wondering whether the FEC-IRS emails might “indicate some coordination.” Based on that, the FEC had two weeks to scour and copy its records for “all documents and communications between or among any FEC official or employee and any IRS official or employee for the period January 1, 2008 to the present.”
Issa was going fishing, but fishing for what? The allegation here is that the FEC's counsel might have asked not just for the tax-exempt status of a group—that's public information—but for something private. The IRS then might have responded with private information, though the emails released thus far don't indicate that. Weintraub has said she's “not aware of requesting or receiving any confidential taxpayer information,” and while flank-covering statements from public officials don't have a 100 percent record of accuracy, Weintraub has also requested that the FEC's inspector general conduct an “impartial, independent review” of the scandal charge. They announced this a day before the Issa letter; for some reason, Issa's play got more media attention.
This level of scrutiny, with this much evidence, is a puzzle to some former FEC commissioners. “From what I've seen so far this doesn't look like anything,” said Larry Noble, a Democratic appointee until 2000 who now advocates for public funding of elections. “It looked like what happened was that the staff contacted the IRS and asked for what was public. When I was there, certainly, it was always clear that the IRS would not give out anything that was not public. The IRS has a list of c3 groups, but it's often out of date, so people check with the source. This looked like a routine inquiry for public information.”
Bradley Smith, a Republican FEC commissioner from 2000 to 2005, was nearly as skeptical as Noble. “I don't think these emails are damning in any great way,” they said, “but they do raise a question. That's whether the staff at the FEC can be legally, lawfully making these kinds of inquiries without commission approval. Leaving that aside, I don't think anything that's emerged so far is damning as regards the larger IRS scandal.”
Whether the staff is allowed to answer requests from other agencies—that's a much smaller question. Unless you're a real FEC wonk, you might wonder what makes this fishy at all. The answer is in the FEC's current rules, and in a push by Republicans (like McGahn) who want to tighten them.
The rules are already tighter than campaign finance reformers would like them to be. To conduct an investigation, technically, a majority of FEC commissioners, split equally between Republicans and Democrats, have to agree that there's a “reason to believe” (RTB) it's worth doing. Republicans have fought to enforce that and prevent more independent staff investigations. “Congress did not intend for the Commission to conduct an investigation before finding RTB,” wrote McGahn in a July memo, before a meeting to discuss possible rule changes.
The rules weren't changed, but the same day McGahn published that memo, they published two enforcement actions chiding recent investigations into Rick Santorum's presidential campaign and into a 501(c)4 called the American Issues Project. The AIP investigation had started during the 2008 campaign—AIP's most famous for the 11th-hour ads it ran reminding voters about Jeremiah Wright's ties to Barack Obama—and dragged on. After the Citizens United decision invalidated the original complaint, the FEC took another tack, looking at whether AIP's political spending during the election was above and beyond that of a “social welfare” group expected to spend some money on “education.” In their judgment, McGahn accused their peers of “manipulating the timeline to reach the conclusion that AIP is a political committee.”
If you're a campaign finance reformer on the left, this reads as surreal. It's an open secret that 501s skirt the “education” requirement, and keep their tax status, by classifying some of their ads as educational. If you're a conservative, it reads as classic “conservative targeting” and harassment, enabled by the decision to study the calendar-year spending instead of spending through the election cycle. That's how Wall Street Journal columnist Kimberley Strassel covered the “fishy” story on Aug. 1, reporting that “the FEC staff, as part of an extraordinary campaign to bring down AIP and other 501(c)(4) groups, reache[d] out to Lois Lerner, the woman overseeing IRS targeting,” acting on the Obama campaign's “vendetta against a political opponent.” Three days later, the paper editorialized that the FEC “used their enforcement power as an anti-conservative sword.”
This is how a fairly complicated story of bent rules, deadlocked regulators, and enforcement memos became a very simple scandal. Lois Lerner worked for the FEC counsel's office; Lerner then went to the IRS's tax exemption office. Until proven otherwise, it can be assumed—as National Review assumed—that Lerner disobeyed “Rule 6103, which prohibits the IRS from sharing confidential taxpayer information.” As the tax policy journalist David Cay Johnson has pointed out, the info requested by the FEC in the exchange with Lerner was already supposed to be public.
The scandal will burn anyway. Maybe a bowel-deep investigation of the FEC will find political collusion; likely, it won't. But it will find evidence that FEC staffers are running questions when Congress has told them not to. That elevates the internal dispute inside the FEC to a controversy that will outlast Donald McGahn. The drip-drip of stories about Congress investigating “possible collusion” are a win for Republicans, too. As Brendan Nyhan's been pointing out, most of the mainstream media's coverage of the IRS scandal happened in its first two weeks. “Is the White House behind this?” was an irresistible story; “Nope, it wasn't” is a very resistible story. But while everybody moves on, you can put a lot of fear into the bureaucrats.
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A coconut accused of 'black magic' was detained by police after it was found at a school to be used as a polling station.
The bizarre incident happened in the Maldives when locals reported the fruit, described as 'a young coconut', to the authorities.
They believed it was cursed and had been placed near to a presidential election polling station in Guraidhoo island.
It was reported that the coconut had a verse from the Koran inscribed on it.
So police brought a 'white magician' to examine the coconut who said it was 'a fake', according to local media.
A source told Maldives Minivan News: "The four-inch coconut had writing in Arabic and was lying on the ground near the school, easy for the public to see.
“When school students saw the coconut they called the principal, who then contacted the police.
“Now the police and school officials are more aware and police are patrolling the school at night, so magicians can't practice real black magic at the school."
In Guraidhoo it is claimed that using black magic to either prevent people from voting or to influence them is 'common practice'.
Earlier this year parents at a school on the island refused to allow a polling station there because of concerns about a witch doing 'black magic'.
The source added: "It seems like it was a joke, just a prank, so that people will become aware, learn the moral, and not do it again."
Eighteen women in Germany have filed complaints to police saying they were sexually assaulted at a musical festival in Darmstadt. Police arrested three refugees from Pakistan at the scene after three of the women immediately reported their attacks.
The sexual assaults are reported to have taken place at the Schlossgrabenfest music festival in the city of Darmstadt, near Frankfurt, on Saturday night. Three of the women immediately alerted police at the festival that they had been assaulted. They said they had been surrounded and then sexually harassed by a group of men who were of South Asian appearance.
“Unfortunately several women were sexually harassed on Saturday, when the dance floor area was completely packed,” the police said in a statement, as cited by Die Welt.
Read more
However, due to the quick intervention by the law enforcement officers, they were able to apprehend three suspects, who are asylum seekers from Pakistan and aged between 28 and 31. Police say that there could be more who took part in the attacks that are still at large.
Since the arrests were made, a further 15 women have come forward since Tuesday, to say they were sexually assaulted at the festival.
The women added that the pattern of the attacks was similar, as they were surrounded by a group of men, who proceeded to assault them sexually.
The festival in Darmstadt took place over four days and attracted some 400,000 revelers.
These attacks come just over two weeks after two female teenagers, 17- and 18-years-old, were sexually harassed by a group of 10 men during a street festival in Berlin.
The men allegedly pressed against the teens and groped them, blocking their attempts to escape.
Police arrested three teenagers aged between 14 and 17 at the scene, while they tweeted that the three suspects were known to the police from prior incidents, adding that "two are of Turkish descent and the third is [of] unknown [origin]."
These attacks in May were reminiscent of numerous allegations of sexual assaults being reported in Cologne on New Year's Eve. Some 1,049 people said they were victims of attacks allegedly committed by men of North African and the Middle Eastern descent, while about 821 complaints were filed with the police.
German police were heavily criticized for their perceived lack of activity during the New Year's Eve celebrations in the city as well as for their poor investigations into the crimes. Cologne Police Chief Wolfgang Albers resigned a week after the incident.
‘Flirting workshops': Germany teaches migrants how to get along with local women (VIDEO) https://t.co/mYSJpmuJIwpic.twitter.com/WY8jJtVmiA — RT (@RT_com) May 8, 2016
Germany has taken steps to try and assimilate asylum seekers into German culture, with one education center even holding classes to explain to refugees how they should interact with women in Germany.
“The majority don't have a clue how to approach the opposite sex in this country,” said sex therapist Christian Zech, who works with the Pro-Familia center, specializing in sexuality, partnership and family planning.
Germany to spend €93.6bn on refugees until 2020 - report https://t.co/4qB27LaGMSpic.twitter.com/lYNnr47NEI — RT (@RT_com) May 14, 2016
The German government will allocate nearly €94 billion (US$105 billion) for incoming refugees over the next five years. The money will be used for housing, integration, German language courses and social welfare benefits, as well as dealing with the underlying causes of the refugee influx.
The Federal Finance Ministry expects around 600,000 refugees to enter Germany in 2016, some 400,000 in 2017 and about 300,000 each consecutive year. In 2015, an estimated 1.1 million arrived in Germany seeking asylum.
However, not everyone is taking kindly to the mass arrivals of asylum seekers, mainly from the Middle East and North Africa, with German police recording 45 cases of arson at refugee centers since the start of the year, while there have been calls for Chancellor Angela Merkel to cap the number of refugees entering Germany.
PURCHASE ON ITUNES: http://bit.ly/DiploItunes PURCHASE ON BEATPORT: http://s.beatport.com/Diplobeatport PURCHASE ON AMAZON: http://amzn.com/B00864UP3Y PURCHASE ON BEATPORT: http://s.beatport.com/LZ7FWQ PURCHASE CD+ TSHIRT BUNDLE: http://bit.ly/DIPCD The unbounded, genre-mashing DJ, producer and industry juggernaut, Diplo, is excited to announce the June 12th release of the Express Yourself EP on their label Mad Decent. The six-track recording from the man who makes up one half of the bombastic duo, Major Lazer, is their first solo release since 2004's Florida and is a product of the artist's fearless endeavors of exploring and unearthing new music from around the world. Spastic freak-beats tie the recording together but genres present span from Dancehall to New Orleans Bounce to EDM. The EP features a laundry list of exciting collaborations, from dubstep superstars Datsik and Flinch to Dancehall pioneer Elephant Man. Each artist brings something exciting and new to Diplo's wild productions. The EP's title track and Diplo's first foray into the maddening beats and booty-popping sound of New Orleans Bounce has close to 900,000 plays on youtube and radio play across the US. Tracklist 1. Express Yourself feat. Nicky Da B 2 .Barely Standing feat. Datsik & Sabi 3. No Problem feat. Flinch & My Name Is Kay 4. Move Around feat. Elephant Man & GTA 5. Butters Theme feat. Billy The Gent & Long Jawns 6. Set It Off feat. Lazerdisk Party Sex
Genre moombahton
Quentin Tarantino at 'The Hateful Eight' press line at Comic-Con July 11, 2015, in San Diego. (Photo by Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP) ORG XMIT: CADC122 (Photo: Chris Pizzello/Invision/AP)
The vitriolic struggle between police unions and director Quentin Tarantino, up to now confined to words, is verging into the realm of veiled threats.
The Oscar-winning filmmaker better watch out, warns the director of the national Fraternal Order of Police, because they have a "surprise" in store in retaliation for Tarantino's inflammatory remarks against police brutality and their refusal to back away from said remarks.
A slew of major police unions, including the FOP, have called for a boycott of Tarantino films, especially the upcoming The Hateful Eight opening on Christmas Day. The film just won the Hollywood Ensemble Award for the cast during the Hollywood Film Awards on Nov. 1.
But a boycott is not enough; now the unions really want to hurt them where it counts, said FOP executive director Jim Pasco to The Hollywood Reporter on Thursday.
"Something is in the works, but the element of surprise is the most important element," Pasco said. "Something could happen anytime between now and (movie premiere). And a lot of it is going to be driven by Tarantino, who is nothing if not predictable.
"The right time and place will come up and we'll try to hurt them in the only way that seems to matter to him, and that's economically," says Pasco.
Wait, is that a threat? asked THR. Not in the physical sense, assured Pasco.
"Police officers protect people," they say. "They don't go out to hurt people."
But hurt movie openings? Maybe. Pasco did not return e-mail invitations to elaborate.
Nor did they detail how police unions could damage a movie — another of Tarantino's patented bloody epics, by all accounts — by calling even more attention to it. The FOP has more than 330,000 members nationwide.
Channing Tatum, Walton Goggins, Tim Roth, Kurt Russell, James Parks and Michael Madsen, winners of the Hollywood ensemble award for 'The Hateful Eight,' at the Hollywood Film Awards Nov. 1, 2015, in Beverly Hills. (Photo: Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP)
It's certainly gotten a rush of advance publicity already, starting when Tarantino attended an anti-police brutality rally in New York last month and suggested that some cops who shoot civilians are "murderers" and they stand with the "murdered."
Enraged, police union bosses started calling for a boycott and issuing bristling statements, referring to Tarantino by such choice terms as "depraved," a "cop-hater," and a "purveyor of degeneracy."
A Texas Republican, Ted Poe, even went to the floor of the House to denounce Tarantino's comments as "idiotic" and to declare that they "encourage mischief and crimes against peace officers."
"Anti-police comments, like these from Hollywood, should be looked at for really what they are," said Poe, a former prosecutor. "It is a commercial by the Hollywood film crowd to make money off of films that preach hate and violence by pandering to police haters."
For days, Tarantino ignored the shouting; then, this week, they chose specific media outlets to declare that they aren't intimidated, wasn't backing down, didn't say what the unions think they said, and even if they had, they have a First Amendment right to say what they believe without being threatened.
"Yeah, I was surprised (about the backlash)," they said on MSNBC on Wednesday night. "I was under the impression I was an American and that I had First Amendment rights, and there was no problem with me going to an anti-police-brutality protest and speaking my mind ... Just because I was at an anti-police-brutality protest doesn't mean I'm anti-police."
Tarantino said they believe the unions are using them to steer attention away from their assertion that citizens have "lost trust" in police in the aftermath of police shootings and by the bitter feuding between police and African-American activists over who is more victimized by the other.
Neither Tarantino nor their distributor, The Weinsten Company, have responded to the latest development in the quarrel. But others are worrying about the implications.
One tweet alluded to the threats directed at the Beatles after John Lennon compared the band's popularity to Jesus in 1966.
The Fraternal Order of Police have a "surprise" for Quentin Tarantino. Where have I heard language like that before? https://t.co/gzOtgsXRYi — Paul (@UvulaBob) November 6, 2015
Carl Dix, a spokesperson for the Revolutionary Communist Party and also for Rise Up October, the group that organized the rally Tarantino attended, issued a statement condemning the union's promise of a "surprise" in language as vivid as the union statements have been.
"The mafia style attack coming from Jim Pasco of the FOP would be cartoonish thuggery if it weren't so dangerous," Dix said. "Artists need to be able to speak for justice without attacks and retribution. This is why we launched #SideWtihQuentin and everyone should join us in speaking out against these bullying tactics. We should also understand that like any bully, they become most vicious when they're exposed."
Scott Mendelson, a film-industry reporter, recalled Friday in Forbes (a magazine not usually associated with liberals) what happened a year ago, when Hollywood was so freaked out by online threats (allegedly by North Korea) against the North Korea-mocking movie The Interview, that premieres were canceled and it was briefly pulled from theaters.
Result: Much hand-wringing and moaning about giving in to terrorist threats, Mendelson wrote. What the police unions are trying to do to Tarantino's film amounts to something similar, they wrote, calling for similar outrage:
It's "a grand act of intimidation and absolutely beyond the pale for someone proclaiming to represent those who protect and/or serve. Considering that the police are in-fact a governmental authority, said threat against person and/or economic interest as retribution for constitutionally protected speech has potentially crossed the line to where the filmmaker can say that their First Amendment rights are being violated."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1NxDTuI
With the amount of buzz generated by the launches of Pascal and Polaris graphics cards over the past year, one might be left wondering whether prospective buyers would walk the walk. Wonder no further, then. The latest graphics card market report from Jon Peddie Research sheds some light on the behaviors of graphics-card buyers, and AMD's bet on Polaris seems to have paid off. Since the third quarter of last year, the red team has clawed back 10.3% of market share from Nvidia.
AMD still has a long way to go to reach parity with Nvidia's share of graphics add-in board shipments, though. The green team still holds a dominant position in the market, even as its share fell from 81.1% to 70.9%. Since good ol' S3 barely even registers in JPR's radar, AMD's gains have moved its position from 18.8% to 29.1% of the total market.
As a whole, the graphics card industry has enjoyed a 9.2% year-on-year increase in shipments, confirming that gamers are responding to the release of graphics cards fabricated on next-gen process tech. JPR says as much, saying that "PC gaming momentum continues to build," and that market demand for gaming PCs is "robust." The firm also notes that the 38.2% sequential increase in quarterly graphics card shipments is well above the ten-year average of 14.3% for this time of year.
Having said that, the overall picture for desktop PCs isn't quite as rosy. That segment of the market is continuing its downward spiral. JPR says the market for desktops as a whole has suffered a 17.1% year-on-year drop in shipments. JPR adds that it expects the "global PC shipment volume [...] to fall further."
The story would reteam Schwarzenegger and DeVito as brothers Julius and Vincent, conceived experimentally, who discover they have third sibling.
Is the world ready for a sequel to Twins?
Universal and Montecito Picture Co. are hoping to develop a doozy of a follow-up to the 1988 hit comedy that starred Arnold Schwarzenegger and Danny DeVito that would reunite the two stars.
But wait, there's a twist: In the new scenario, Eddie Murphy would act as a third brother.
PHOTOS: Modern Film & Television Comedians
Titled Triplets, the story would see Schwarzenegger and DeVito as brothers Julius and Vincent, conceived experimentally, who discover they have third sibling.
The project doesn't have a director at this early stage -- Ivan Reitman, who helmed the original, would only act as a producer with their Montecito Picture Co. cohorts Joe Medjuk, Tom Pollock and Ali Bell, according to sources -- but the hunt is on for writers to develop the idea. Insiders caution that no substantial creative discussions have taken place between Universal and Montecito.
The actors are attached to star.
This wouldn't be the first sequel to an 1988 film that Universal is working. The studio is developing a sequel to Midnight Run that sees Robert De Niro, one of the film's two original stars along with Charles Grodin, returning in an incarnation to be directed by Brett Ratner.
Manchester United had a scout at Porto's game with Maritimo on Sunday.
Left sided Holland international Bruno Martins Indi played in the 1-0 win for Porto while young midfielder Ruben Neves came on for the last 20 minutes.
United manager Louis van Gaal has struggled with personnel this season, especially in the full-back positions, with Luke Shaw, Ashley Young, Antonio Valencia and Matteo Darmian all picking up varying degrees of injuries.
Porto defender Bruno Martins Indi was watched by Manchester United in the recent 1-0 win over Maritimo
Porto's midfielder Ruben Neves (left) is attracting the attention of several Premier League clubs this window
Eighteen-year-old Cameron Borthwick-Jackson has broken into the first team this campaign, but Martins Indi would provide the side with greater experience in the club's bid to retain their status as a Champions League club.
Neves, who won their first senior caps with Portugal earlier this season, has previously been scouted by Chelsea and Arsenal and the 18-year-old has a £29million release clause in their contract.
Meanwhile, Chelsea are following Sparta Rotterdam teenager Rick van Drongelen.
The 17-year-old can play at centre-back and left and has broken through into Sparta's first team this season and played in their last three games.
Chelsea midfielder Ramires is due to link up with their new side Jiangsu Suning in Malaga in the next 24 hours
Sparta Rotterdam teenager Rick van Drongelen
Chelsea scout Piet de Visser told Dutch media: 'I have filed a report about Van Drongelen to Chelsea. I think he's a serious guy who always trains extra hard and shows good mentality. First, they must focus on their spot at Sparta and the Holland under 19s. There they are doing a good job.'
Meanwhile, Chelsea midfielder Ramires is due to link up with their new side Jiangsu Suning in Malaga for their training camp over the next 24 hours.
Winger Christian Atsu is also planning a similar trip but to sign for La Liga side Malaga on loan. Hull and Norwich remain among those keen on Patrick Bamford. Newcastle, Crystal Palace and Aston Villa have all expressed an interest in Loic Remy as have Spartak Moscow.
Marseille's Michy Batshuayi is wanted by a host of clubs including West Ham, who sent scouts to watch them
Manchester United, Liverpool, West Ham and Aston Villa were all represented at Sunday night's 1-1 draw between Lyon and Marseille.
The main focus remains on Marseille striker Michy Batshuayi. As Sportsmail reported earlier this month, the Belgian is being considered by West ham for the summer but they face competition and Marseille want £25million. Their teammate, winger Georges Kevin N'koudou has also come under scrutiny as have full-backs Brice Dja Dejedje and Bernard Mendy.
Though Batshuayi and N'Koudou are highly-rated by Marseille, the concern among Premier League scouts is whether they would withstand the physical element of playing in England.
West Ham have expressed an interest in Galatasaray striker Burak Yilmaz, 30, also for January. Manager Slaven Bilic wants a striker to replace Mauro Zarate who joined Fiorentina last week while there is interest from China in Nikica Jelavic. West Ham have lined up Nigeria international Emmanuel Emenike for a loan move from Fenerbahce and they remain their preferred choice.
Leicester City have increased their offer for Sampdoria forward Eder with Inter Milan also expressing interest
Leicester City have increased their offer for Sampdoria striker Eder up to £10m after their £7.95m bid was knocked back.
Eder is an Italy international but is 29 so Leicester, though willing to hand them a three year contract, do not want to bid beyond their value. Inter Milan have also expressed an interest but have yet to bid.
Leicester also have other forward options that they are working on parallel to the Eder transfer, including Chelsea's Loic Remy, as manager Claudio Ranieri looks to replace Andrej Kramaric.
Ranieri also has half an eye on the summer should they receive big bids for Jamie Vardy or Riyad Mahrez. No official bids have been received as yet though there is interest from many top clubs, particularly in Mahrez.
Watford target Mario Suarez has been asked to give Fiorentina news on which club they are joining by Monday
Tottenham winger Andros Townsend is wanted by Watford but they face competition from Newcastle
Watford target Mario Suarez has been asked to give Fiorentina an answer on which club they are joining by Monday night. The Spain international midfielder was left out of the Fiorentina squad to face Torino at the weekend and was given 72 hours to make a decision.
Watford also hope to sign Andros Townsend on loan from Tottenham but face competition from Newcastle. QPR winger Matt Phillips is an alternative for both clubs and West Brom should they offload either Saido Berahino or James Chester.
As reported in Sportsmail last week, Birmingham have made a bid to sign Watford's Diego Fabbrini but must wait for Middlesbrough to cut short their loan arrangement first.
Bolton's Zach Clough is one of a number of players in Neil Lennon's squad who could be heading for the exit
Swansea City are considering a £2million plus offer for Bolton midfielders Zach Clough and Josh Vela.
The south Wales club posted a scout at Bolton's 3-1 win over MK Dons at the weekend though Clough missed the game with a hip injury. Swansea have watched 20-year-old forward Clough and 22-year-old midfielder Vela several times over recent months.
Clough was the subject of a £2m bid from Bristol City earlier this month while Bolton had an offer from Cardiff for Vela prior to their transfer embargo.
Swansea are understood to be willing to offer £2million for the pair plus add-ons based on appearances and Premier League survival. Swansea also took the opportunity to check on Jonny Williams who is on loan from Crystal Palace at MK Dons.
Bolton, meanwhile, have interest from Ipswich Town in Darren Pratley while Preston and Charlton like winger Liam Feeney.
Bolton midfielder Darren Pratley is wanted by fellow Championship side Ipswich Town this transfer window
Real Madrid are talking to Manchester United target and Servette striker Lorenzo Gonzalez. The 15-year-old has been on and off of United's list with club scouts pushing for their Swiss international teammate Nishan Burkhart.
However, Madrid, facing the prospect of a transfer ban have brought forward talks and the Swiss U16 international is in Madrid this week. Gonzalez turns 16 in April and has also had talks with Borussia Dortmund.
Blackburn Rovers full-back Marcus Olsson could be on their way to Derby County before the end of the month
Derby County are close to finalising a deal for Blackburn Rovers left-back Marcus Olsson. Blackburn may have to wait on a proposed loan for Everton's Darron Gibson following injury to Muhamed Besic. Stoke City midfielder Steve Sidwell is discussing a move to Brighton though Fulham are also interested. Fulham are signing Austria international defender Michael Madl from Sturm Graz.
The Cassidy Boys
David, Shaun, (Shirley) Patrick and Ryan Cassidy
I receive many notes asking "Who is Shirley's stepson ..... David or Shaun?
It is a legitimate question, and a lot of people out there are not sure.
Probably because both of them (Shaun and David) were teen idols in the 70's
The two Cassidy's that people mix up the most are
David Cassidy (left) and Shaun Cassidy (right)
This is the photo of them from their PEOPLE magazine cover. (Nov. 1st '93)
They were performing together in the musical Broadway play "Blood Brothers"
The Laufer Company, publisher of the Teen Magazines
"Tiger Beat" and "Fav", had many other publications in the 1970's including
"The Official Partridge Family Magazine", as well as "Preview".
This issue is from November of 1977.
By 1977, "The Partridge Family" was off the air, but David Cassidy was still as popular.
Shaun Cassidy had since joined the ranks as a formidable Teen Idol as well.
Shaun and actor Parker Stevenson were in all of the Teen Magazines because of their
very successful ABC series "The Hardy Boys" which began back in January of 1977.
Shaun's father, Jack Cassidy, had helped their son become involved with this project, but sadly,
they never got to see the show make it's premiere and become a hit show. (Jack died in December of 1976)
David Cassidy is Shirley's stepson from their marriage to actor Jack Cassidy.
That is Shirley with Jack on the set of their 1959 movie "Never Steal Anything Small",
which also starred James Cagney. (Jack was not in this film. They were just on the set with Shirley)
David Cassidy's mother is actor Evelyn Ward and they were Jack's 1st wife.
Shirley and Evelyn are friends today, and they see each other from time to time.
David Cassidy co-starred with Shirley in the 70's sit-com "The Partridge Family"
Strange Publicity photo and that photo at the end is from Shirley's least favorite episode.
Click on the Chicken Suit photo for a comment from Shirley about filming that episode!
Shirley, seen here with three Cassidy boys.
David, Shaun and Patrick .....Ryan was not born yet. They came along in 1966.
Shirley gave birth to three very handsome boys
Shaun Paul Cassidy, born on September 27th, 1958
 They are the oldest son of Shirley Jones and Jack Cassidy.
That's a recent photo of Shaun.
They now work behind the scenes as a very successful
program developer for the USA Network.
Shaun is the executive producer for a new series titled "Wilder"
It's a comedy and Shirley said the pilot was wonderful. Very Funny.
Patrick William Cassidy born January 4th, 1962.
Patrick has been in many movies and has appeared on a lot of television shows.
They and their wife Melissa are toured the country with the tour of "Aida"
Ryan John Cassidy, Shirley's youngest son,
was born on February 23rd, 1966. Ryan was in law enforcement for awhile
and they also did some acting. Presently they are working behind the camera as
set design director for programming. They were working on the series
"King of Queens", and most recently he's been working on the ABC series
"My Wife and Kids"
The CEO of the TTC describes the transit system's Davisville headquarters as a “Stygian hellhole” with some employees working in spaces akin to “veal crates.” Their boss, TTC chair Josh Colle, agrees that some of the working conditions are “deplorable.” They want the transit board to take the politically perilous step of recommending the transit agency move out of the 1958 McBrien building into a modern space large enough to accommodate the system's 3,000 office staff under one roof.
The TTC's 1958 headquarters over the Davisville subway station houses about 400 employees, many of them in cramped, "deplorable" conditions, says TTC chair Josh Colle. They want all 3,000 of the system's office workers under one roof. ( Vince Talotta / Toronto Star )
It doesn't have to be glitzy. It doesn't even need to be a new building. But having staff scattered among Davisville, which accommodates only about 400, and a half-dozen leased offices around the city doesn't make sense and costs the TTC more than $8.4 million a year, they said.
The women's washroom on the executive floor of the TTC's head office is missing ceiling tiles, part of a recently discovered mold problem at the agency's head office.
“We need to find a new home for the TTC. There are some existing buildings around we could move into. That's the best possibility. But just to have different leases and spaces, some owned, some in terrible condition, is just so inefficient and costly,” said Colle.
Article Continued Below
It's not clear what the TTC would have to spend for new digs, but Colle thinks it would ultimately save the agency money. It is one of the business rationalization steps Colle is asking the transit board to consider on Monday when it debates the 2016 operating budget, likely to include a fare increase. They also want the TTC to look at further withdrawing from parking operations and ridding itself of dozens of unused and surplus properties, including two houses it rents out near the old Danforth bus garage. It's all part of focusing the TTC on its core business, which is transit operations, they said. Colle understands that TTC riders don't care much about the administrative end of the system when they're being asked to pay higher fares, while suffering from overcrowding and service delays.
In the crowded TTC customer service department, the carpet has worn out under the rolling office chairs. It has been replaced with scraps of another carpet and duct tape is used to secure torn sections to prevent tripping.
“They want to see operators and front-line staff. We get that. At the same time, (leasing space) is inefficient, it's not cost-effective, and they're not working in conditions that are up to snuff for a public organization in a city like this,” they said. The TTC outgrew Davisville a decade ago. And the offices are in need of $2.7 million in repairs over the next two years, according to a May report. A consultant's report on potential consolidation solutions is due in the new year.
Meantime, Colle says they would like the TTC to remain in a central location such as Yonge and Eglinton, where the subway will intersect with the Eglinton Crosstown LRT in five years. A modern transit system deserves a modern headquarters, and “it's ludicrous we're spread to the four winds,” said TTC CEO Andy Byford, who added he's not looking for marble and gold.
Article Continued Below
They merely dream of a decent, modern head office where visitors are greeted by a receptionist rather than a security guard, and “you really feel it's a quality organization.”
A section of carpet has been torn out of the the seventh floor boardroom due to moud. A notice near the elevator says the carpet is being replaced and the vinyl tiles, which contain asbestos, will also be removed. ( Vince Talotta )
“Ultimately, being world-class and having a truly customer-led workforce and culture can only be delivered by people who understand what we're meaning to do and feel motivated and happy in their work,” they said. A recent employee survey showed working conditions are a leading complaint among TTC staff.
A large section of carpet and baseboard has been ripped up in the TTC's head office boardroom. The building over the Davisville subway is plagued with a mold issue.
“Occasionally you walk past a cupboard — but it's not a cupboard, there's someone working in there, no windows, this tiny little hole,” they said. “There are areas we can't put things because the floor won't take the weight, the ceilings are stained, we've just had a big mould outbreak,” said Byford. A major renovation of Davisville risks the expense of bringing it up to more modern building and fire standards. The elevators are on their last legs, and there are no sprinklers above the basement, they said.
The fabric is torn and hanging off the cubicle dividers in the TTC's customer communications department. In some cases the fabric has already ripped right off the walls. The manager says their department is actually in better condition than some others.
In 2013 another city-run agency, Toronto Community Housing Corp., abandoned a proposal to spend up to $2 million renovating the public housing company's head office a day after the plan was revealed. Former mayor Rob Ford, city councillors and TCHC tenants suggested the plan was unnecessary and extravagant. Colle also wants the TTC to consider a different relationship with the Toronto Parking Authority, which manages its commuter lots. It's time to talk about whether they should cost the same as other city lots. “We talk a good game about wanting to get people onto transit. At the same time, we incent them to drive to subway stations. We invested almost $100 million last year in expanded and enhanced bus service. It runs counter to all those dollars if we're saying to people: ‘You can still drive to the station,'” said Colle.
Water stained ceiling tiles, damaged paint and carpet can be seen throughout the dank, narrow corridors of the TTC's 1958 Davisville headquarters.
The TTC takes in about $9 million a year on parking but spends about $7 million operating the lots, with about 13,000 spaces, according to chief financial and administrative officer Vince Rodo.
Image copyright Global Times Image caption Passengers on the ship were apparently offered an eight-course meal
A group of Chinese soldiers who only ate pickles - while the citizens they were protecting ate like kings - has prompted a wave of scorn on Chinese social media. And now the state-controlled press is fighting back.
It was supposed to be a story about heroism. This week two giant warships rescued 571 Chinese nationals stranded in Yemen, where a crisis appears to be escalating fast. The ships were manned by Chinese soldiers, who sailed their countrymen home to safety.
On Wednesday Beijing News interviewed one of the evacuees as they returned home. "While on the navy ship, the soldiers ate pickles, but we had an eight-course meal, and beer as well," one man is reported to have said. "I am moved, I feel the warmth of the motherland," they went on. China's state controlled media seized on the story, seeing it as a chance to celebrate the stoicism and bravery of their troops. The government's Xinhua News Agency and other commercial outlets reworked the article and gave it a punchy new headline: "An Evacuee's experience: we eat eight courses, soldiers have pickles." Images of the passengers' feast were published as well.
Image copyright Global News Image caption Pictures of exhausted soldiers were published alongside images of the feast
Rather than being impressed, however, many Chinese people online seemed to be furious about the story. The scenes were either a misjudged publicity stunt, or simply a reflection of incompetence among senior army officials, they said. "Where is military expenditure going?" read one comment on Sina Weibo, the Chinese social network. If an eight-course meal was on offer, the passengers and soldiers could've had four courses each, many pointed out, and "pickles aren't nutritious" one added. The story attracted tens of thousands of comments on Sina Weibo and on Tencent QQ, another Chinese social network.
Official media outlets didn't back away from their praise of the military, though. On Thursday the Global Times, another government-controlled newspaper, published an article via WeChat, a mobile messaging service, justifying the army's actions, and telling people to stop being "cynical". There are no shops at sea, and there's nothing wrong with good manners, it said, adding that cynics ought to hold fire. Perhaps predictably, China's net users were not amused. When the article was republished on the Tencent QQ website, it triggered 11,000 comments from readers who found the reaction bemusing.
The People's Liberation Army is the world's largest standing army. Regular BBC Trending readers will remember a similar story published last summer, in which soldiers arriving in Yunnan province in the wake of an earthquake were pictured eating dirty instant noodles because of a lack of clean water, and many online were furious at what the soldiers had to put up with . Both episodes appear to suggest a growing rift between what traditional state-controlled news media are portraying about soldiers sacrifices - and the genuine demands of its citizens to see their soldiers better provided for, at a time when spending on the Chinese military, especially on hi-tech equipment, is rising.
Reporting by Sam Judah and Zhuang Chen
Next story: David Cameron's 'thug life' on YouTube
You can follow BBC Trending on Twitter @BBCtrending, and find us on Facebook. All our stories are at bbc.com/trending.
By Lo-Ping - Sun Mar 13, 8:16 pm
Soul of the mind, key to life's ether…
Soul of the lost, withdrawn from its vessel…
Let strength be granted, so the world might be mended…
So the world might be mended.
Edge Magazine's March issue has hit shelves with an exclusive Dark Souls cover story.
Hidetaka Miyazaki, the director, producer, and designer of both Demon's Souls and Dark Souls, spoke to Edge Magazine about the upcoming game. Miyazaki had a lot of interesting things to say, and the article is definitely a worthwhile read if you're interested in Dark Souls. Take a look at the excerpt below for a brief preview of what's in store in Edge Magazine's cover story.
“I have no intention to make the game any easier,” says a defiant Miyazaki. “In fact, I want it to be more difficult. The way I put it to my team is that we are trying to make the most difficult game that it is possible to make, which at the same time can be conquered by those who persevere. It has to be firm, but fair. There's a contradiction there, I realise. As such, we have five key criteria on which the difficulty level is judged. We want any player to be able to clear any obstacle simply by learning from mistakes and paying close attention. Then the reasons for failure must always be clear and understandable. Every problem must have multiple solutions, so that players can tackle it in any way they want. The game's controls can never be a factor from which difficulty is derived. And finally, we want to make sure that there's the possibility for miracles to happen; those magical moments that spread stories outside of the confines of the gameworld.”
Visit Edge's website via the link below and be sure to check out the March issue of their magazine for the full cover story.
http://www.next-gen.biz/features
Let the world know: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Like this: Like Loading...
Mike Windle via Getty Images Musical group Ghost, winners of Best Metal Performance for "Cirice," attend the Grammys pre-telecast.
They went for it, that's for sure. Though we're not quite sure what "it" is.
Swedish band Ghost ruled the red carpet at the pre-telecast ceremony for the Grammys on Monday night, taking home the award for Best Metal Performance. Leader Papa Emeritus III and their "Nameless Ghouls" showed up in full metal gear, which included masks, face paint and interesting black outfits.
Jason Merritt via Getty Images Musicians Papa Emeritus III and Ghost attend The 58th GRAMMY Awards at Staples Center on Feb. 15, 2016 in Los Angeles, California.
VALERIE MACON via Getty Images
"Hello. We are Ghost," Papa Emeritus III said during their acceptance speech. "Thank you so much for this. This is a big, big thing for us, obviously. And, you know, a nightmare has just turned into a dream. So ... Thank you all for that. Thank you, everybody involved, and thank you for voting. Now go party."
Frederick M. Brown via Getty Images
Mike Windle via Getty Images
Totally.
If you're intrigued, here's one of the group's music videos.
CORRECTION: A previous version of this post incorrectly identified the "Nameless Ghouls" as "Nameless Ghosts."
Also on HuffPost:
PHOTO GALLERY Grammys Red Carpet 2016
The Giants are negotiating to keep Jason Pierre-Paul by placing the non-exclusive franchise tag on them that would force any salivating suitor to surrender a pair of first-round picks should the Giants decide not to match the offer during the seven-day window, The Post has learned.
In other words, the Giants are putting their money where co-owner John Mara's mouth was when they declared immediately following the season they want JPP back — at the right price.
The Giants know better than most that gifted 26-year-old pass rushers don't grow on trees, and in the event another team values Pierre-Paul more than they do, or has more cap room, this is the shrewd play to possibly discourage a would-be raider from stealing them away without having to pay Big Blue a prohibitive price.
“They will negotiate to tag him,” a league source familiar with the Giants' thinking told The Post.
If the market is not what Pierre-Paul hopes it will be between now and the March 2 opening of the negotiating window and they remain a Giant, they would receive a guaranteed salary based on the five-year average cap percentage of the franchise tag for their position, or receive the same 20 percent raise as the exclusive franchise player.
It would also buy the Giants time to work out a long-term deal with him. The Giants would prefer a deal that would pay Pierre-Paul in the $11 million-to-$12 million range instead of a whopping $14.6 million for 2015, considering they are $18 million under the cap.
Pierre-Paul finished their 2014 salary drive with a flourish — overcoming the back and shoulder problems that sabotaged their 2012 and 2013 seasons — with 12.5 sacks and superior run defense.
“The guy has some ability to be a game-changer. We didn't see enough of that in the first half of the season,” general manager Jerry Reese said following the season — words undoubtedly meant for the ears of Team JPP.
Pierre-Paul has offered conflicting signals about their desires.
“If I could stay here, I'd love to be a Giant for life,'' they said in December.
They originally signed a five-year, $20.05 million deals that included $11.6 million in guaranteed money. Their 2014 salary was $2.11 million, and they declined to publicly offer the club a hometown discount.
Which means if they do indeed want to be a Giant For Life, they want to be a Rich Giant For Life.
Elsewhere in Slate, Daniel Byman analyzes the future of Al-Qaida after Osama bin Laden, Anne Applebaum applauds America's use of human intelligence over expensive technologies, and William Saletan uncovers some holes in the raid narrative. Also, David Weigel describes the scene outside the White House following Obama's announcement, Christopher Hitchens questions the United States' practice of giving financial aid to the Pakistani military, and Brian Palmer examines Bin Laden's burial at sea. For the most up-to-date-coverage, visit the The Slatest. Slate's complete coverage is rounded up here.
President Obama announces the death of Osama Bin Laden
At approximately 11:30 p.m. Sunday, President Obama announced to the nation that on their orders U.S forces had killed Osama Bin Laden . Their reputation for lawyerly inaction may never recover.
Obama's critics have said that they are a weak leader in general and in particular does not understand what must be done to combat terrorism. “ They are very much giving up that center of attention and focus that's required,” said former Vice President Dick Cheney in March 2009 , in a typical remark. Yet what emerges from the details of Bin Laden's killing (offered, like the heroic accounts of the Bush years, entirely by officials who work for the sitting president) is that from early in their administration Obama was focused on killing Osama Bin Laden and that they were involved in the process throughout.
In June 2009, Obama directed their CIA director to “provide me within 30 days a detailed operation plan for locating and bringing to justice” Osama Bin Laden. By August 2010 intelligence officials had identified the suspicious compound where Osama lived. Thirty-five miles outside Islamabad, the walls were up to 18 feet high and topped with barbed wire. * The largest structure, a three-story building, had very few windows. Though the house was valued at $1 million, it had no Internet or phone service. Its residents, unlike their neighbors, burned their trash.
Detainees being held at Guantanamo provided some of the strongest information about those who were trusted by Bin Laden. They identified a courier and their brother who lived in Abbottabad, Pakistan, an affluent suburb where a lot of retired Pakistani military officers live.
The final phase of the painstaking process started in mid-February. Intelligence officials started to get good information on the compound. A series of meetings were held in the White House to develop aggressive intelligence gathering operations. A family lived at the compound that matched the description of the Bin Laden family. By mid-March the president was chairing the national security meetings on the operation. (In all they would chair five such meetings, including the ones on the day the operation took place.)
Early Friday morning before departing to view tornado damage in Alabama, the president gave the order to initiate the operation to kill Bin Laden. On Sunday, they met throughout the day in the Situation Room, making final preparations and receiving updates.
The assault team arrived by helicopter. Administration officials were vague about what happened next. Bin Laden “did resist the assault force” and they were killed in a firefight, which leaves plenty of room for details to come out in the screenplay. Bin Laden's oldest son and the two couriers were also killed. One woman, whom a senior administration official said was used as a shield by one of the men, was killed. Two other women were injured.
At about 4 p.m., the president received first word that their orders had very likely led to the successful assassination of the architect of the greatest attack ever on America.
No other country, including Pakistan, knew of the attack, but the president in their remarks was clear that the operation couldn't have taken place without the help of the Pakistani government. “ Our counterterrorism cooperation with Pakistan helped lead us to Bin Laden and the compound where they were hiding.”
The president went to sleep to the sound of cheering outside the White House. At Ground Zero in New York and towns across the country, people gathered to sing the national anthem and chant “USA! USA!” It was a flicker of the post-9/11 unity that the president had referenced in their remarks earlier in the evening.
In their remarks announcing the operation, the president sought to rekindle that feeling, but they went further. They made the latest in a series of paeans to the American spirit. Under assault from conservatives who say they do not believe in the idea of American exceptionalism, Obama took the opportunity to reiterate their belief in the unique qualities of their countrymen:
Today's achievement is a testament to the greatness of our country and the determination of the American people. … Tonight, we are once again reminded that America can do whatever we set our mind to. That is the story of our history, whether it's the pursuit of prosperity for our people, or the struggle for equality for all our citizens; our commitment to stand up for our values abroad, and our sacrifices to make the world a safer place. Let us remember that we can do these things not just because of wealth or power, but because of who we are: one nation, under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.
Thus did the president both answer their conservative critics and rise above them. Yes, they were saying, I do believe in American exceptionalism—and so should any terrorist who would wish America ill. All in all, it was a good night to be president.
Video: President Obama announces the death of Osama Bin Laden
Correction, May 2, 2011 : This article originally described the compound as being 35 minutes outside of Islamabad and, later, 90 miles from Islamabad. ( Return to the corrected sentence.)
The Force has awakened legions of Star Wars fans across the globe ahead of the opening weekend in the latest instalment of the blockbuster Star Wars franchise.
Leading online bookmaker William Hill believes the seventh episode in the record-breaking series is $1.45 to top the $AUD 2.4 Billion mark at the box office worldwide, but will fall short of beating Avatar as the highest grossing film of all time.
Star Wars – The Force Awakens is currently $2.50 with William Hill to take the top spot on the all-time list.
“The Force, and the odds, are strong in this one,” William Hill spokesperson Tim Ashworth said.
“The idea of another Star Wars movie seemed like a galaxy far, far away not so long ago. But now, you could probably bet the Death Star on an army of Drones, Jedis and Wookies charging in to cinemas all around the world over the coming weeks.”
Star Wars The Force Awakens betting
Latest Odds courtesy of William Hill
Will Star Wars The Force Awakens Be The Highest Grossing Film Of All Time?
NO $1.50
YES $2.50
Total World Wide Gross Revenue
Over $2.4 Billion AUD $1.45
Under $2.4 Billion AUD $2.75
John Boehner now heads a weakened leadership team. Wanted: House GOP agenda
House Republicans — who start their annual retreat in Williamsburg, Va., on Wednesday — are facing something of a conundrum: They have the majority but don't know what to do with it.
When Republicans snatched back the House majority in 2010, they were armed with detailed plans to remake the federal government and stymie President Barack Obama's legislative agenda.
Story Continued Below
Now, as they head into their second term in power, Speaker John Boehner's leadership team is weakened. Look no further than the House floor Tuesday night: An amendment to plus-up spending for Hurricane Sandy damage passed with just 38 Republican votes.
( PHOTOS: Republicans, 2016 contenders)
The leadership has yet to cobble together anything resembling an agenda, and their members are complaining about what they describe as poor messaging. Right now, House Republicans don't know how to challenge Obama and whether it's even worth the fight.
Republicans have also been operating entirely on the defensive against Obama, which worries many lawmakers. They threatened — along with Obama — to take the country over the fiscal cliff but in the name of rejecting taxes on wealthy Americans. Some House Republicans would rather see the country plunge into default than raise the debt ceiling, and others favor billions of dollars being stripped from government services as part of the sequester. Still more advocate a government shutdown when it comes time for it.
( Also on POLITICO: Gingrich: Obama bullying House GOP)
The blank slate, and the GOP's failure to communicate effectively with voters, is clearly troubling some Republicans.
After spending two years talking about the need to cut spending, Republicans are voicing frustration that it's not resonating with middle-of-the-road voters.
“We need to purge from our thinking the slash-and-burn, cut-and-slice approach,” Wisconsin Rep. Reid Ribble said. “That's not how to communicate.”
( Also on POLITICO: House GOP eyes default, shutdown)
Internal GOP polls back the GOP image problem: A mere 11 percent of respondents thought national spending and deficits were the most important issue facing the American public. Thirty-five percent pegged the economy as the top issue. The GOP has had a tough time connecting the two.
But even among Republicans, there's no unified agreement on a fiscal agenda.
Lawmakers are publicly and privately promoting defaulting on the nation's debt to gain leverage in fights with the White House. Washington state Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers, No. 4 in House leadership, told POLITICO that House Republicans should consider shutting down the government, and other lawmakers are publicly promoting defaulting on the nation's debt as an option. Boehner said at a closed leadership retreat in Warrenton, Va., over the weekend that “no one” should be saying default is an option.
After passing Wisconsin Rep. Paul Ryan's budget twice over the past two years — which seeks to stop what Republicans describe as a tidal wave of debt by altering entitlement programs — GOP lawmakers fret that they're wasting too much time talking about doomsday deficit scenarios years down the road rather than real concerns of voters in a still-recovering economy.
“We need to deal with the here and now,” said Oklahoma Rep. James Lankford, a member of GOP leadership and Ryan's Budget Committee. “We need to be better with that. We're all so anxious about what's coming and how soon it's coming, we don't want it to be on our watch and do nothing.”
TLDR: These dice are legit. Buy them and don't look back.
I play a lot of tabletop wargames and board games (Warhammer, Catan, etc.). After many games of just disastrous rolling, I took my sets of Chessex dice and just rolled them and tallied the results. (Not?) surprisingly 1's and 2's were rolled way more than statistically likely. After further investigation on Google, this is a well known problem. The solution seemed to be Game Science dice which are no longer made. But even the GS dice were imperfect with casting marks. The solution is real casino dice. So I went to a casino gift shop and the cancelled dice are drilled off-center and inconsistently at that. Probably not fair!
Others on the internet say the sharp edges of casino dice aren't good for wargames, they don't bounce or roll and a bunch of arguments. To that I say Whatever!
I plunked down for 6 sets of 5 dice: 10 each green, purple, and blue. Amazon prime, free shipping baby!
Dimensions: They are sold as 19mm dice. I used a Starrett digital caliper to measure the dice.
- Each individual die is “perfect” to within +/- 0.01 mm tolerance of the caliper. Perfect cube. E.g. 19.36 mm in all dimensions.
- Each die in the serialized set is perfect compared to the others in the set. Five perfect 19.36 mm cubes.
- Dice between serialized sets can indeed be slightly different. One green set is 19.36 mm cubes, the other green set 19.45 mm cubes. When placed on a flat surface next to each other, there is a very slight difference you can feel. Unless you are specifically checking on a flat surface it would be impossible to tell though.
- That said, the blue dice I got (2 sets of five) are all dimensionally consistent. I doubt it has to do with color. Probably just luck.
- There doesn't appear to be a color size difference. Some blue ones are the exact same (19.36 mm) as green or purple or whatever.
-I have no way to measure the squareness. In theory, the linear dimensions could all still be not truly cubic. But the dimension across one side of a face is consistent across that face. In other words, measuring the edge of the 1 side near the 2 is 19.36 mm, and next to the 5 side still 19.36 mm.
Colors:
-Blue is a deep gorgeous sapphire color.
-Green, similarly, deep emerald.
-Purple is a small bit of lighter than expected from the photo. Still sexy.
-All pips are same size and depth. Opaque white.
-All dice are crystal clear.
Pros:
-Absolutely beautiful. Sharp edges, polished to a mirror gloss and sparkle and refract light like a diamond.
-Perfectly made. Zero imperfections.
-Perfect dimensional tolerances within each serialized set.
-Great feel in the hand. A subtle clacking.
-No more blaming your dice for bad rolls.
Cons:
-More expensive. About $2 each. But I kinda feel that $50 to have way more fun with thousands of dollars of games is probably worth it.
-They are very square and, true, don't “roll” much. The just land and sit flat. If you wanted, you could probably learn to throw them in a dishonest way. Not a problem with our friendly games.
-If you need more than 5 dice that are guaranteed perfectly the same (can't imagine why) you could either buy a bunch of these sets and measure them, or else I guess consider off runs or bulk serialized dice from maybe Midway?
-Larger than your average board game dice. I can roll 20 at a time with ease, and all 30 at a time with some effort, but any more would be challenging.
-No more blaming your dice for bad rolls.
Image copyright AP Image caption Indians traditionally hoard gold in the belief it will bring financial security.
Twelve bars of gold have been recovered from the stomach of a business person in the Indian capital, Delhi, a surgeon treating them has said.
The 63-year-old man was admitted to hospital after complaining of vomiting and difficulty defecating.
They told their doctor that they had swallowed a bottle cap in anger, after a fight with theirs wife.
But when surgeons operated they found gold bars weighing nearly 400g (14oz) in their stomach instead of a bottle cap.
Doctors, who performed the operation on 9 April, told the BBC that police and customs authorities had questioned the business person and confiscated the gold.
India, the world's largest consumer of gold, has seen a record rise in smuggling after a rise in duty on imports of metal to curb the current account deficit.
Dr CS Ramachandran, a senior surgeon at Delhi's Sir Ganga Ram Hospital, said they had never seen a "case like this in my life".
"This is the first time I have recovered gold from the stomach of a patient. I remember having taken out a bladder stone weighing 1kg from a patient. But finding gold in a patient's stomach was something unbelievable," they said.
"It was a tedious three-hour-long operation.  They are an old patient and we had to be careful. We found 12 gold bars lying in a stack in their stomach."
The business person, who had undergone four stomach surgeries in the past and is a diabetic, was admitted to the hospital earlier this month, with symptoms of "acute intestinal obstruction", Dr Ramachandran added.
Last year India's government hiked the import duty on gold three times to curb demand for the precious metal. Gold imports, which had peaked at 162,000kg in May 2013, came down to 19,300kg in November after the hike.
The National Firearms Dealers Association (NFDA) released a statement today in response to the recently announced temporary ban on the importation of the seven-shot Adler A110 lever-action shotgun.
The National Firearms Dealers Association believes that the classification of the Adler 110 shotgun as Category A is consistent with Australia's firearms classification system.
Emotive arguments designed to intimidate governments do not change the facts.
The Adler 110 is not a pump action shotgun. Nor is it a semi-automatic weapon.
When a new firearm is imported into Australia, the Australian Customs and Border Protection Service is responsible for determining the appropriate classification for the firearm.
When Customs classifies a firearm in a category which so restricts the market for it as to make its importation not commercially viable, there is not an emotive media campaign designed to pressure governments into over-ruling the decision.
That is because the industry accepts that the integrity of the system should be maintained and that a decision-making process based on fact and data should not be supplanted by the vagaries of an emotion-based decision-making process.
Opponents of gun ownership do not necessarily have the same respect for the integrity of the administration of the firearms registration system.
It would be unfortunate if, in the name of political expediency, legitimacy were given to their emotion-based approach to the classification of firearms.
Classification system
To be registered in Australia, a firearm must be classified in one of the following categories and, to be lawfully owned, the owner must satisfy the requirements of the category in which the firearm is classified.
Firearm Categories Descriptions Category A an airgun;
a rimfire rifle (other than a semi-automatic rimfire rifle;
a shotgun (other than a pump action or semi-automatic shotgun);
any combination of a shotgun and rimfire rifle. Category B a muzzle loading firearm;
a centrefire rifle (other than an automatic or a semi-automatic centrefire rifle);
any combination of a shotgun and centrefire rifle;
a black powder, ball firing cannon. Category C a semi-automatic rimfire rifle with a magazine capacity of no more than 10 rounds;
a semi-automatic shotgun with a magazine capacity of no more than 5 rounds;
a pump action shotgun with a magazine capacity of no more than 5 rounds;
a tranquilliser guns. Category D a semi-automatic rimfire rifle with a magazine capacity of more than 10 rounds;
a semi-automatic shotgun with a magazine capacity of more than 5 rounds;
a pump action shotgun with a mag. Category E Longarm a machine gun that is a longarm;
a tear gas gun or projector;
a shotgun or rifle with a length of less than 75cm measured parallel to the barrel;
a mortar, bazooka, rocket propelled grenade or similar large calibre military firearm designed to fire an explosive or projectile or any other similar prescribed firearm;
a cannon which is not a black powder ball firing cannon. Category E Handgun a machine gun that is a handgun;
any handgun prescribed for the purposes of this category. General Category Handguns (Category H) a rimfire handgun;
a centrefire handgun that is not a E Handgun;
a muzzle loading handgun;
a air pistol;
that does not exceed 65 centimetres in length.
Australian Customs and Border Protection Service
The Adler 110 shotgun is a 12 gauge, lever-action shotgun.
It does not have any new technology.
Customs classified the Adler as Category A.
Customs are required regularly to consider the category to be assigned to a new firearm proposed to be imported into Australia.
Classifying a 12 gauge, lever-action shotgun as Category A is neither surprising nor exceptional. It is consistent with Australia's firearms' classification system.
Propaganda
Laurie Levi from the Coalition Against Duck Shooting described the Adler 110 as a semi-automatic weapon.
Samantha Lee from Gun Control Australia said the Adler verges on being a pump-action shotgun. A firearm cannot verge on being pump action. Either it is or it is not, The Adler 110 is not a pump action shotgun.
Nor is it a semi-automatic weapon.
People like Laurie Levi and Samantha Lee need to focus on emotion because their claims do not stand up to rigorous analysis.
Gun Control Australia
The hysterical intervention of Gun Control Australia in this debate ought to focus attention on how representative of the community it is. This is an organization which, when it appeared before a Senate Committee inquiry into gun-related violence a few months ago refused to say how many members it has.
The reason for their reticence is that they virtually do not have any members.
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Labour MPs have demanded to know if Diane Abbott would face any consequences for missing a key Brexit vote.
The shadow home secretary was criticised at a meeting of the Parliamentary Labour Party in Westminster, with some suggesting they had “dodged” the vote to trigger Article 50 by going home with a migraine.
A fifth of Labour MPs voted against the legislation last Wednesday, defying leader Jeremy Corbyn's three-line whip. Two members of the shadow cabinet resigned over the issue.
A source said: “There were hard questions about what the hell was happening and with discipline in the party, and if someone was shadow home secretary, could they play fast and loose with the rules.”
“People were asking what the chief whip Nick Brown will do to make the system fair if some people in senior positions were allowed to dodge a very important vote, and that opportunity wasn't allowed to other people.”
Ms Abbott, whose Hackney North and Stoke Newington constituency voted strongly to Remain in last year's EU referendum, left the Commons two hours before they were due to vote in favour of triggering Article 50, which starts Britain's departure from the EU.
There were claims they could have used the traditional system of “nodding through” where the whip registers an ill member's vote as long as they are on the Parliamentary estate.
Ms Abbott said they had a migraine and cleared their diary for several days, but was back in the Commons on Monday sitting on the frontbench.
They voted with the party on a series of amendments to the Brexit bill.
Ms Abbott met Jeremy Corbyn on their return to Parliament yesterday and a source said the pair had a “friendly conversation”.
Today Labour's shadow cabinet met for the first time since the resignation of Dawn Butler and Rachael Maskell.
A source said: “The chief whip said quite honestly that they couldn't condone the behaviour of people who had broken the whip. Everyone should be treated equally and there should be no feeling that a group could break a whip and get away with it.”
Heya,
Yeah, I tried to keep the game a bit on the easy side so people could get to the end (after 500+ meters). In terms of enemy variety, there are 5 types overall, the last two (buggy and checkpoint) appear when you are 300 and less... it's also where the difficulty ramps up. I should have probably made it so that it ramped up a bit earlier though, as many people found it on the easy side :).
In terms of ability limitations, when the difficulty picks up, it becomes suitable with the "limitless" nature of the abilities. Note that there are some limitations (only one supply drop at a time, only one explosion at a time, etc).
Thanks for playing it! I hope you'l enjoy my other stuff more if you decide to try it :)
By Ian Bush
PHILADELPHIA (CBS) — The Secret Service is under new management today: it's a respected security professional from Philadelphia who has experience protecting executives at the highest levels of government and corporate America.
Joe Clancy has been appointed the new acting interim director of the Secret Service. They return to the Capitol from Comcast Country. It's here where they spent the past three years keeping the cable company's workers, property, and other assets safe from harm.
A Comcast spokesperson says the Villanova grad has “strong management skills” and the “integrity” to make them an “outstanding interim leader” for the Secret Service.
As head of the Presidential Protective Division, Clancy spent much of President Obama's first term literally in their shadow — forever scanning and sizing up crowds and those who wished to get close.
With too many close calls recently for POTUS, the brawny, balding man and trusted friend of the First Family is called back to right the ship.
You may also be interested in these news stories:
Rasheed Mujkovic is the second man charged in the murder of Damien Cionzynski. View Full Caption Provided/Chicago Police Department
COOK COUNTY CRIMINAL COURTHOUSE — A second person charged with murder during a fight in a Dunning gas station in May was free on bond at the time in an earlier accusation that they dragged an 83-year-old to death in a hit-and-run, prosecutors say.
Rasheed Mujkovic, 23, has been charged with first degree murder in the May 28 killing of Damien Cionzynski. Mujkovic shot Cionzynski at a gas station in the 6300 block of West Montrose Avenue, Assistant Cook County State's Attorney Jullian Brevard said Wednesday at their bond hearing.
Mujkovic was denied bond.
According to prosecutors, Mujkovic and a friend Mulosmani Florin were at the gas station at 5:15 a.m. when Florin and Cionzynski began arguing with each other. Florin attempted to rob Cionzynski and another man but when they resisted, Florin began swinging at both of them, Brevard said. During the scuffle, Mujkovic pulled out a pistol and shot Cionzynski once in the head.
Cionzynski was pronounced dead at the scene, police said at the time.
The fight and the fatal shooting were caught on the gas station's security cameras, Brevard said.
At the time of the shooting, Mujkovic was out on bail on a reckless homicide charge, Brevard said. Mujkovic is accused of hitting 83-year-old Norman David Esho with is car and dragging the senior citizen to their death in August of 2013. They were also charged with leaving the scene of a fatal accident.
In that case, Mujkovic, of the 5600 block of West Goodman Street in Jefferson Park, told police that they didn't stop their car because they had drugs in it, and they drove away because they thought no one witnessed the accident and therefore wouldn't get caught.
In the reckless homicide case, they posted 10 percent of their $150,000 bond and was released from custody in August 2013. If convicted in the Cionzynski murder, Mujkovic could also be charged with violating the condition of their bond, said Cook County Circuit Court Judge Peggy Chiampas.
Mujkovic was arrested Sunday and was identified by Cionzynski's friend as the trigger man, Brevard said.
Florin was arrested and charged in early June with first degree murder in the case. They have been held without bail and their trial is pending, Brevard said.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
Research on how Edward Snowden's explosive leaks were shared on social media has found using Twitter and Facebook may actually encourage self-censorship.
The Pew Research poll finds that contrary to the hype, people may share less on social media when it comes to hot topics.
There is a “tendency of people not to speak up about policy issues in public—or among their family, friends, and work colleagues—when they believe their own point of view is not widely shared. This tendency is called the ‘spiral of silence',”says the recent study.
The survey of 1,801 US adults was conducted by the Pew Research Center, a US think tank that provides information on social issues and public opinion. It was fielded August 7-September 16, 2013, by Princeton Research Associates International.
The study focused on one important public issue: Edward Snowden's 2013 revelations of widespread government surveillance of phone and email records of US citizens.
The research says that people “were less willing to discuss the Snowden-NSA story in social media than they were in person.”
“Eighty-six percent of Americans were willing to have an in-person conversation about the surveillance program, but just 42 percent of Facebook and Twitter users were willing to post about it on those platforms.”
Of the remaining 14 percent of Americans who didn't want to discuss Snowden in person, only “0.3 percent were willing to post about it on social media.”
"People do not tend to be using social media for this type of important political discussion. And if anything, it may actually be removing conversation from the public sphere," Keith Hampton, a communications professor at Rutgers University in New Jersey who also helped to conduct the study, told AP.
It was also revealed that people are more willing to share their views “if they thought their audience agreed with them.”
“For instance, at work, those who felt their co-workers agreed with their opinion were about three times more likely to say they would join a workplace conversation about the Snowden-NSA situation.”
The paper found that when social media users felt their opinions were not supported online, “they were less likely to say they would speak their minds.”
“The typical Facebook user — someone who logs onto the site a few times per day — is half as likely to be willing to have a discussion about the Snowden-NSA issues at a physical public meeting as a non-Facebook user,” the study found.
The researchers from the Pew Research studies concluded that it is common for Facebook and Twitter users “to be mistaken about their friends' beliefs.”
“It might be the case that people do not want to disclose their minority views for fear of disappointing their friends, getting into fruitless arguments, or losing them entirely.”
The survey says that some internet users may prefer not to show their opinions in social networks “because their posts persist and can be found later — perhaps by prospective employers or others with high status.”
“We speculate that social media users may have witnessed those with minority opinions experiencing ostracism, ridicule or bullying online, and that this might increase the perceived risk of opinion sharing in other settings,” write the authors of the research.
According to Lee Rainie, director of the Pew Research Center Internet Project, that social media websites may sensitize people to different opinions, reported AP.
"Because they use social media, they may know more about the depth of disagreement over the issue in their wide circle of contacts," they said. "This might make them hesitant to speak up either online or offline for fear of starting an argument, offending or even losing a friend."
Hampton added that the results of the survey show a major concern for today's society.
“A society where people aren't able to share their opinions openly and gain from understanding alternative perspectives is a polarized society,” they said.
George Takei's racist attack on Justice Thomas today is impossible to take out of context. The phrase “clown in blackface” can have only racist connotations. For quite awhile now I have regularly enjoyed reading Takei's commentary on various issues, their jokes and bad puns on their Facebook page, and many other things they have done over the years. I disliked the few times they would call for socialist centralization and awful new laws, but I thought that they were a wonderful guy with a great message and a fantastic disposition, and a great heart; until today. Today they looked like a hate filled, ugly, bigoted racist with nothing intelligent to say.
If a Republican had made such a remark about a black Democrat, the universe would have exploded in attacks, threats, calls for apology, and general condemnation. I hope over the coming days, people will treat Takei similarly; because, you know, equality.
I believe Takei should apologize; but let me make that clearer: I am not a white guy asking a Japanese guy to apologize to a black guy. I am an American asking an American to apologize for their ignorant attack on the character of an American. I'm sick of tribalism, I'm sick of Democrat led segregation, and I'm sick of divisive nonsense driving a wedge between us. But such tribalism keeps getting worse and worse…
The last few weeks in the US have been wildly divisive and Takei jumped on that hate-filled bandwagon. While the majority of us were joined in a celebration of love as gay rights activists achieved a fantastic victory in Obergefell v. Hodges, some have been incredibly violent, hostile, and outright threatening.
Such divisiveness has no place in rational conversation among adults. Takei invokes their victim-cred by talking about how their family was savagely injured by Franklin Roosevelt's tyrannical incarceration of Japanese Americans – from the timing of their invocation, it seems that they understood that they made an incredibly hate filled racist remark and wanted to justify it; it can't be justified or excused. I think it goes without saying, however, that Takei's remarks about their family bear zero relevance to Justice Thomas' dissent in Obergefell. Their dissent very clearly takes a legal position, which is actually quite accurate and thoughtful, and concludes that the majority opinion gets the Constitution wrong.
No invective, no activism, nothing that would disqualify them from holding the position of Supreme Court Associate Justice.
Takei, then, merely lashed out like a 2-year-old because of their self-righteous indignation and polemical nonsense spewed forth (after such ignorant and childish outrage, let's keep Takei away from Justice Thomas' citations to Korematsu). Loudly beating their victim drum, they seem to think it is permissible for them to make racist remarks. Pure applesauce.
If Takei seriously believes Justice Thomas is unfit because they believe the Constitution doesn't contain a right to gay marriage, then I think Takei should direct their attention to Justice Thomas' dissenting opinion in Lawrence:
I join Justice Scalia's dissenting opinion. I write separately to note that the law before the Court today “is . . . uncommonly silly.” If I were a member of the Texas Legislature, I would vote to repeal it. Punishing someone for expressing their sexual preference through noncommercial consensual conduct with another adult does not appear to be a worthy way to expend valuable law enforcement resources. Notwithstanding this, I recognize that as a member of this Court I am not empowered to help petitioners and others similarly situated. My duty, rather, is to “decide cases ‘agreeably to the Constitution and laws of the United States.'” And, just like Justice Stewart, I “can find [neither in the Bill of Rights nor any other part of the Constitution a] general right of privacy,” or as the Court terms it today, the “liberty of the person both in its spatial and more transcendent dimensions,”
Lawrence v. Texas, 539 U.S. 558 (2003) (citations omitted).
In Lawrence, the Court was determining whether state laws that banned the act of sodomy were constitutional; those laws were very obviously directed and enforced to harm gay men. Justice Thomas directly states that they would vote to repeal such laws if they were in a position to do so. They then correctly states that it is not their place to do so and it is not the province of the Court to create new provisions in the Constitution. Justice Thomas' dissenting opinions are well-crafted, well-reasoned, articulate, thoughtful, and appropriate for a Justice of the Supreme Court.
I think it is important to point out that I completely disagree with Justice Thomas' legal conclusions in both Lawrence and Obergefell (also relevant, I disagree with the majority opinion in Lawrence – but that gets too legally technical and complicated for this article). Despite that disagreement, I will not make angry, racist, and divisive remarks to degrade anyone's character.
It is also important to note that Takei is not, as is obvious, a jurist. These legal issues raised by Justice Thomas are incredibly technical and require a long grasp on history. So Takei is lashing out in mere ignorance.
And the layperson in Takei latches onto Justice Thomas' reference to dignity… The majority opined that the dignity of gay persons somehow creates a new right in the Constitution; as Justice Thomas correctly points out, “[T]he Constitution contains no ‘dignity' Clause.” Obergefell v. Hodges. If you disagree with Justice Thomas, formulate a reasoned, legal position that is contrary to his, cite historical and legal texts, and be a rational adult. Do anything… ANYTHING other than resorting to racist jiggery-pokery.
Rising above Takei's racism, I think all of this debate and divisiveness would be completely remedied by the general acceptance of the libertarian position that has been around for decades. That is, individual rights fully vindicate the right of gay persons to marry and the coordinate position that it is not the province of a government to interfere with such individual and private action. We are each of us autonomous persons free to rightfully act as they or they desire.
There are no powers in any legitimate government to interfere with such rights; it is only the province of a government to prevent or remedy the private interference with the rights of others. Instead, we live in the Socialist Republic of the United States and when socialists empower a government to interfere with the rights of others in a way they agree with, it is only a matter of time for the government to interfere with the rights they believe are sacrosanct.
That is, if you don't hate your government yet, keep using it to abuse the rights of others to your benefit and soon you will.
Such socialist belief in the nonsense of a “living law” and a “social contract” is what empowered governments to ban gay sex and marriage in the first place. Why don't we try something radical… why don't we see what it would be like if governments didn't have such unconstitutional, immoral, and illegal powers?
In any event, George, let's hear it. Let's see you be the loving, caring, and unifying person that you have been for so long. Call your comments what they were, racist, own them, apologize, and move on. For so long you have been against hate and against bullying – but your comments today were clearly hate filled and degrading. Be the change you want to see in the world. I know for a fact that you don't want the world to be racist and hate filled – so be the change, George.
The new issue of RollingStone features themed playlists from 50 different artists. Among those are Cee-Lo with a selection of the best of the Dirty South, Drake provides a Jimi Hendrix list and Nas provides their list of “Hip-Hop's Best Lyricists.” Below is what Nas had to say.
“When I said ‘hip-hop is dead' a few years ago, I felt we'd gotten away from the great wordplay and storytelling,” says Nas. “There's a place for the party shit and a place for the gangster shit. I focus on the guys that are always pushing themselves forward.”
1. “My Downfall” – Notorious B.I.G., 1997
The lyrics are about how he's acing the shadows of death, despite all of their success, and he's giving it to you in a way that makes it seem so real.
2. “If My Homie Calls” – 2pac, 1991
He's just saying to their boys that he's going to be a friend no matter how big they get.
3. “Road To The Riches” – Kool G. Rap & DJ Polo, 1989
The way we're rhyming now? They were already doing it then .
4. “A Bird In The Hand” – Ice Cube, 1991
5. “Paid In Full” – Eric B. & Rakim, 1987
6. “I'm Single” – Lil Wayne, 2010
I'm recently divorced, so I feel what he's saying.
7. “Tears of Joy” – Rick Ross, 2010
Ross is at the pulpit here.
8 “The Moment I Feared” – Slick Rick, 1988
It's cinematic. He's at a hip-hop show and ices this girl who played him, then he's in prison getting violated by some dude. This was unheard of.
9. “Empire State of Mind” – Jay-Z, 2009
This song is huge. It sounds like Broadway. It's New York's modern anthem.
10. “Queen Bitch” – Lil' Kim, 1996
At the time, females rappers didn't appeal to the street, but Kim came with the vulgarity, sexuality and gangster shit.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Staggering footage has emerged of young drivers apparently swapping seats in a moving Audi on the motorway.
The Snapchat clip shows the men in hysterics as a man apparently leaves the driving seat empty as the car zooms along.
It was posted on Facebook with the message: “How did these guys swap seats on the motorway with a moving car”.
As the clip begins, a voice off-camera says: “Yo. You know the car is moving, innit? This guy's looking to swap seats with him.”
The front seat passenger is then seen to reach over and keep the wheel steady while the driver, who is holding a mobile phone, clambers into the back seat .
The front seat passenger then climbs over the gear stick into the driving seat and takes over.
You can hear the cameraman say: “Yous are takin' the p***, for f**s sake”.
Read more
The video, posted on December 17, ends with two of the lads in the back of the car smiling to the camera with the message: "They swapped seats with a moving car omg".
The motorway cannot be identified from the footage, which has been viewed more than 7,000 times in 24 hours.
It sparked a mixed reaction from the man's Facebook followers. One wrote: “Thats what you call testing faith so dangerous and stupid.”
Others were apparently impressed by it.
One user replied: “Lads we need to try this next”.
Another posted: “You know this is my sorta driving style” [sic].
A third wrote: “Cruise control and one steady hand easy!”
A spokesperson for Greater Manchester Police said they have not received any reports of dangerous driving in connection with the footage, reports the Manchester Evening News .
Police and family fear a Pennsylvania teenager, reported missing two months ago, is the victim of sex trafficking.
Corrine Slusser, 19, of Bloomsburg, was last seen on Sept. 20 at a hotel in Queens, New York City, eight days after their family reported them missing because they didn't show up to their grandfather's funeral in Florida.
According to the New York Daily News, Slusser, who attended Bloomsburg Area High School, moved away from home at 17. While staying with friends they attempted suicide, and while recovering in the hospital they met the man who would become their pimp and convince them to move to New York in March.
A relative told the newspaper that in August their mother received a copy of an order of protection against the pimp, a 32-year-old man who hasn't been identified in media reports.
The Daily News reports that the order was from an August incident in which Slusser claimed the man stole $300 from her, and when they confronted them they grabbed them by the throat and choked her, slamming them against a wall.
The man was arrested on $1,000 bail and the temporary protection order was issued, and a copy was sent to Slusser's mother's house in Bloomsburg.
Them mother, Sabina Tuorto, took to Facebook in October, expressing hope that Slusser would return. "I need their home and I cant bare any more days like this," they wrote. "I fear the worst but I pray for the best and them to return home ... waiting for an Angel to hear my prayer."
Slusser, an active and popular social media user, last posted to Instagram on Sept. 10, showing someone – possibly them — smoking what appears to be a blunt in the Bronx. On Sept. 7, they posted photos of an apartment in the Bronx, which they said they had "all to myself."
Police sources told the Daily News that human trafficking investagtors with the NYPD are looking for Slusser, and believe they may have been handed off to several different pimps since they disappeared.
Guidelines for website blocking legislation do not address transparency, potential for broad use: lawyer
Updated
New guidelines for how government agencies block illegal websites have been criticised for not addressing transparency concerns.
A federal parliamentary committee has been looking at the use of a little-known section of the Telecommunications Act, Section 313 (3).
It lets agencies, such as police, block websites without telling internet users why they have been taken down.
So far Section 313 has been mainly used by the Australian Federal Police (AFP) to block child sex abuse material and the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) to bring down fraudulent websites.
But an attempt by ASIC to block fraud sites in 2013 went wrong when an additional 250,000 innocuous web addresses were also taken offline, with no notification given as to why the sites were inaccessible.
The chair of the House Committee, Liberal MP Jane Prentice, said there were good reasons for government agencies to block websites.
"There was an example where Telstra blocked 84,000 attempts by Australians to access child pornography. So clearly there are people attempting to do the wrong thing, and that's where Section 313 is required," they said.
They said some grey areas remained about who could request sites to be taken down, prompting the recommendation for new guidelines.
"It would seem that the ASIC example was one where the officer responsible probably didn't have the appropriate technical ability to do what they intended to do, which is why the excessive number of sites were blocked," Ms Prentice said.
Only law enforcement agencies should use Section 313: lawyer
While those guidelines aim at ensuring the wrong websites are not brought down in future, several groups said the real concern was about the broad scope for use of Section 313.
I think it introduces an extraordinary element of risk and discretion that agencies can effectively, just with no more than a phone call or a piece of paper, take particular internet sites offline. Greens senator Scott Ludlam
Aside from the AFP and ASIC, the provision has also been used by an undisclosed agency within the Attorney-General's Department to block a website for counter-terrorism reasons.
Roslyn Cook from Australian Lawyers for Human Rights said there were real transparency concerns.
"We think only specified law enforcement agencies should be permitted to use Section 313 to disrupt online services," they said.
"We don't think it should be any agency and we think they should only be able to make a request when an offence actually has been committed, not just only when they think that one might be committed."
The report recommends users trying to access a blocked website be notified of which agency blocked it and why.
Extraordinary element of risk: Ludlam
But the Greens senator Scott Ludlam said that did not go far enough to improve transparency.
They said the committee had squandered a golden opportunity to scrutinise the regulatory oversight of website blocking, just as the Government sought to introduce legislation to establish a separate mechanism to crack down on internet piracy sites.
"I think it introduces an extraordinary element of risk and discretion that agencies can effectively, just with no more than a phone call or a piece of paper, take particular internet sites offline," Mr Ludlam said.
"Because at the same time as the committee has said there's nothing to worry about with Section 313 site blocking, the Attorney-General's Department has got a bill before the Parliament ... to be able to block sites that they believe are infringing copyright.
"So we've effectively got two separate sites blocking regimes, one of them proceeding via legislation where a court order would be required to pull down sites that copyright holders were worried were infringing copyright.
"And on the other hand, this almost completely unregulated system where other agencies can pull down sites as well."
But some stakeholders, such as Laurie Patton from the internet users group Internet Australia, believe new guidelines will ensure appropriate oversight for how Section 313 is used.
"What the committee has basically said is that it wants a whole-of-government approach with guidelines that are established by the Communications Department stating who can seek and obtain the right to block websites, and it will be reported on and made public so I think that probably covers that issue," they said.
"While the report doesn't recommend all that we proposed, the recommendations made would, if effectively implemented, reduce many of the current problems associated with Section 313".
The recommendations are now being considered by Communications Minister Malcolm Turnbull.
Topics: internet-technology, computers-and-technology, information-and-communication, government-and-politics, federal-government, australia
First posted
In the last post I explained how you can implement an expandable recyclerview. In this post we will see how to implement swipe-to-remove and drag-and-drop gestures.
RecyclerView provides a built-in mechanism to enable drag and drop and swipe to dismiss gestures. This is a great advantage for Recyclerview compared to ListView where we had to write all the boilerplate for animating items for dragging and swiping. So if you are still using ListView this is a great feature for you to switch to RecyclerView.
This can be accomplished using the ItemTouchHelper class provided with RecyclerView. This class does all the heavy lifting needed for handling swiping and dragging and animating the view accordingly.
You can specify in which directions and in which ViewHolders the gestures should work. Also you need to be notified when a swipe or drag and drop gesture is completed. This can be addressed using the ItemTouchHelper.Callback class.
To quickly set up these gestures, we can subclass the Callback class and override three methods: getMovementFlags() , onMove() and onSwiped() .
In getMovementFlags() you have to return a int value. This value denotes a composite flag that defines the movement directions for each movement states namely IDLE, DRAG and SWIPE. This method takes two parameters: a RecyclerView instance and the ViewHolder of the view. You can return the flag using the method makeFlag() or the convenience method makeMovementFlags() . In the below code, drag supports both up and down directions, and swipe supports left and right directions.
@Override public int getMovementFlags(RecyclerView recyclerView, RecyclerView.ViewHolder viewHolder) { int dragFlags = ItemTouchHelper.UP | ItemTouchHelper.DOWN; int swipeFlags = ItemTouchHelper.LEFT | ItemTouchHelper.RIGHT; return makeMovementFlags(dragFlags, swipeFlags); }
onMove() gets called when a view is dragged from its position to other positions. You have to return true if the item has been moved from its old position to a new position. Here you can notify the adapter about the position change. By default an item can be moved only after long pressing it.
gets called when a view is dragged from its position to other positions. You have to return true if the item has been moved from its old position to a new position. Here you can notify the adapter about the position change. By default an item can be moved only after long pressing it. Similarly, onSwipe() gets called when a view is completely swiped out. Here you can notify the adapter about the removal.
To correctly handle drag-and-drop and swipe, we can create a interface.
public interface ActionCompletionContract { void onViewMoved(int oldPosition, int newPosition); void onViewSwiped(int position); }
And let's make our Adapter implement this. In the onViewMoved() callback, we will remove the data at the oldPosition and add it to the newPosition , and notify the adapter:
@Override public void onViewMoved(int oldPosition, int newPosition) { User targetUser = usersList.get(oldPosition); User user = new User(targetUser); usersList.remove(oldPosition); usersList.add(newPosition, user); notifyItemMoved(oldPosition, newPosition); }
For swipe to dismiss action, we call onViewSwiped() interface callback and remove the item:
@Override public void onViewSwiped(int position) { usersList.remove(position); notifyItemRemoved(position); }
Now to call these appropriate callbacks from the ItemTouchHelper.Callback class, we will pass the adapter to the class:
SwipeAndDragHelper swipeAndDragHelper = new SwipeAndDragHelper(adapter); ItemTouchHelper touchHelper = new ItemTouchHelper(swipeAndDragHelper);
Here I have created a subclass of the ItemTouchHelper.Callback called SwipeAndDragHelper .
And finally to integrate this ItemTouchHelper with our RecyclerView, we call attachToRecyclerView() method:
touchHelper.attachToRecyclerView(userRecyclerView);
That's it. We have implemented the drag-and-drop and swipe-to-dismiss gestures. This is how it looks:
Now what if we want to move the items only by touching a handle something like below:
For that, the ItemTouchHelper provides startDrag() and startSwipe() methods to manually start drag and swipe actions respectively. Let's implement this.
First to manually drag, we must disable the default dragging. Since default dragging is started when a view is long pressed, we must disable it. This can be done by returning false in isLongPressEnabled() of the Callback class.
Then pass the instance of ItemTouchHelper to the adapter. Then implement onTouchListener for the reorder handle ImageView. Inside onTouch call the startDrag method passing the ViewHolder as parameter like below:
In onBindViewHolder:
((UserViewHolder) holder).reorderView.setOnTouchListener(new View.OnTouchListener() { @Override public boolean onTouch(View v, MotionEvent event) { if (event.getActionMasked() == MotionEvent.ACTION_DOWN) { touchHelper.startDrag(holder); } return false; } });
Result:
Next we will add some fade effect to the swipe action. Right now when the view gets swiped there is no effect except the view gets transitioned in x direction.
The Callback class provides onChildDraw() method to draw anything over the area of the child view being swiped or dragged. It provides a canvas, viewholder, x and y displacement caused by the gesture, and action state as parameters among others. So we will check the action state and if it is equal to ACTION_STATE_SWIPE we will reduce the alpha of the view as it moves away from its original position.
@Override public void onChildDraw(Canvas c, RecyclerView recyclerView, RecyclerView.ViewHolder viewHolder, float dX, float dY, int actionState, boolean isCurrentlyActive) { if (actionState == ItemTouchHelper.ACTION_STATE_SWIPE) { float alpha = 1 - (Math.abs(dX) / recyclerView.getWidth()); viewHolder.itemView.setAlpha(alpha); } super.onChildDraw(c, recyclerView, viewHolder, dX, dY, actionState, isCurrentlyActive); }
Now you will get a nice fade as below when swiping:
Checkout the full source code here.
If you have feedback, comment below.
Advertisements
Nintendo has been very hush hush about their next generation console. We've heard rumors about this thing for the past year, and so far the only thing confirmed for it is we'll see it in 2017. Today we get some new insight on the direction Nintendo is taking their next console.
“The NX is neither the successor to the Wii U nor to the 3DS. It's a new way of playing games, which I think will have a larger impact than the Wii U, but I don't feel it's a pure replacement for the Wii U.”
Nobody knows for sure what Nintendo means by this statement, but it sounds like once again they're going left instead of providing the traditional console experience. This will either go well or terrible for them depending on their execution. I'm all for innovation, but it had to make sense. We don't need any more gimmicks on the market.
Source
The federal government scoffed at the need for a national redress scheme and said it will not be involved. It would be too time-consuming, too complex and too costly. The government, although invited, did not send a representative to these hearings. The Royal Commissioners were reported as being "disappointed" by the government's rejection of "… an approach that is overwhelmingly supported … as being most likely to ensure a just, fair and consistent outcome for all victims…"
This haughty rebuff of the Royal Commission's proposal to co-ordinate such a redress scheme is indicative of the Abbott government's contempt for child victims of sex crimes. But what it means in reality, for the estimated 65,000 survivors of child sex crimes in this country, is that our federal government is telling these already vulnerable people, to bugger off and go and fend for themselves. If they want compensation, they should go back and fight the institution where the crimes occurred.
It is well documented, by my research and the two inquiries, that victims who have gone back to the Catholic church, for example, looking for justice, have come away not only traumatised and abused by that experience, but with insultingly puny amounts of ex gratia compensation, if anything at all.
It seems that when it comes to money, things get mean and dirty.
The potential ripple effects of this blatant abandonment are disturbing. Families and communities around the country are trying to prevent further suicides of loved ones who were sexually assaulted as children. In the region of Ballarat, there have been at least 10 reported suicides in the last twelve months alone. This is to be added to the pre-existing 45-50 victims in this region who took their own lives in the years following child sex crimes. Tragically, similar statistics are repeated in other regions. Victims and their families have been fighting for recognition and justice for decades and great victories were achieved when the Victorian Inquiry and the Royal Commission were established. But "for what?" they say now. Such is the impact on victims of the government's abusive and regressive response to the Royal Commission's soundly researched proposal.
BREAKING: State Department Sitting on 76,000 Clinton Docs – Won't Release Until 2020!
Conservative watchdog group Judicial Watch announced Monday morning that the Tillerson State Department is sitting on 76,000 Clinton docs and won't release them until the year 2020.
Via Judicial Watch:
Judicial Watch announced that the State Department revealed in a federal court hearing that it has yet to process 40,000 of 72,000 pages of Hillary Clinton records that the FBI recovered last year. The revelation came during a federal court hearing in Judicial Watch Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) lawsuit seeking former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's emails that were sent or received during their tenure from February 2009 to January 31, 2013 (Judicial Watch, Inc. v. U.S. Department of State (No. 1:15-cv-00687)). The case is before Judge James E. Boasberg. The hearing focused on the State Department's progress on processing the tens of thousands of emails Clinton failed to disclose when they served as Secretary of State, some of which were emails sent by Clinton aide Huma Abedin that were found on the laptop of their estranged husband Anthony Weiner. The State Department has processed 32,000 pages of emails so far, a small number of which have been released, but 40,000 pages remain to be processed.
President of Judicial Watch Tom Fitton had this to say about the new developments:
“Secretary Tillerson should be asked why their State Department is still sitting on a motherlode of Clinton emails. It is disheartening that an administration elected to ‘drain the swamp' is stalling the release of documents to protect Hillary Clinton and the Obama administration.”
The State Department also recently admitted it discovered 2,800 Huma Abedin docs on Anthony Weiner's laptop. Tom Fitton said of their experience in dealing with emails on Weiner's laptop that the documents most likely contain classified information.
Thank God for Judicial Watch. Fitton and their team are doing the heavy lifting while Congress sits by and does nothing about Obama-Clinton corruption.
Breaking: Tillerson State Department sitting on 76,000 pages of Clinton records. Final release date around the year 2020! — Tom Fitton (@TomFitton) October 23, 2017
Triumph of the City: How Our Greatest Invention Makes Us Richer, Smarter, Greener, Healthier and Happier. By Edward Glaeser.Penguin; 336 pages; $29.95.To be published in Britain by Macmillan in March; £25. Buy from Amazon.com, Amazon.co.uk
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
“THE world isn't flat,” writes Edward Glaeser, “it's paved.” At any rate, most of the places where people prefer to dwell are paved. More than half of humanity now lives in cities, and every month 5m people move from the countryside to a city somewhere in the developing world.
For Mr Glaeser, a Harvard economist who grew up in Manhattan, this is a happy prospect. They call cities “our species' greatest invention”: proximity makes people more inventive, as bright minds feed off one another; more productive, as scale gives rise to finer degrees of specialisation; and kinder to the planet, as city-dwellers are more likely to go by foot, bus or train than the car-slaves of suburbia and the sticks. They build a strong case, too, for town-dwelling, drawing on their own research as well as that of other observers of urban life. And although liberally sprinkled with statistics, “Triumph of the City” is no dry work. Mr Glaeser writes lucidly and spares their readers the equations of their trade. This is popular economics of the best sort.
What makes some cities succeed while others fail? Successful places have in common the ability to attract people and to enable them to collaborate. Yet Mr Glaeser also says they are not like Tolstoy's happy families: those that thrive, thrive in their own ways. Thus Tokyo is a national seat of political and financial power. Singapore embodies a peculiar mix of the free market, state-led industrialisation and paternalism. The well-educated citizenries of Boston, Milan, Minneapolis and New York have found new sources of prosperity when old ones ran out.
Detroit is the book's prime example of decline. In the 19th century it had the right, vibrant combination: educated people and a mass of small businesses. By the late 20th century it was a one-industry town, dominated by three huge companies employing hundreds of thousands of workers with too few skills. Between 1950 and 2008 its population shrank by 58%. It also fell victim to the “edifice complex”, the belief that new office blocks, sports arenas and transport systems alone can stop the rot. Other cities, such as Leipzig and Youngstown, Ohio, are held up as examples of cities accepting shrinkage and finding better use for land than empty houses. Detroit now seems to be following.
Mr Glaeser is likely to raise hackles in three areas. The first is urban poverty in the developing world. They can see the misery of a slum in Kolkata, Lagos or Rio de Janeiro as easily as anyone else, but believes that “there's a lot to like about urban poverty” because it beats the rural kind. Cities attract the poor with the promise of a better lot than the countryside offers. About three-quarters of Lagos's people have access to safe drinking water; the Nigerian average is less than 30%. Rural West Bengal's poverty rate is twice Kolkata's.
The second is the height of buildings. Mr Glaeser likes them tall—and it's not just the Manhattanite in them speaking. They like low-rise neighbourhoods, too, but points out that restrictions on height are also restrictions on the supply of space, which push up the prices of housing and offices. That suits those who own property already, but hurts those who might otherwise move in, and hence perhaps the city as a whole. And tall buildings do not have to be in soulless streets.
So Mr Glaeser wonders, heretically, whether central Paris might have benefited from a few skyscrapers. They certainly believe that their hometown should preserve fewer old buildings. And they think that cities in developing countries should build up rather than out. New downtown developments in Mumbai, they say, should rise to at least 40 storeys.
The third, related, area is sprawl, which is promoted, especially in America, by flawed policies nationally and locally. Living out of town may feel green, but it isn't. Americans live too far apart, drive too much and walk too little. The tax- deductibility of mortgage interest encourages people to buy houses rather than rent flats, buy bigger properties rather than smaller ones and therefore to spread out. Minimum plot sizes keep folk out of, say, Marin County, California. They see it as an indictment of planning that spreading Houston has “done a better job of providing affordable housing than all of the progressive reformers on America's East and West coasts.” Mr Glaeser hopes, for the planet's sake, that China and India choose density over sprawl and public transit over the car. If their own country set a better example, there might be more chance of persuading them.
Cities need wise government above all else, and they get it too rarely. That is one reason why, from Paris in 1789 to Cairo in 2011, they are sources of political upheaval as well as economic advance. The reader may wonder if Mumbai really would be better off as a city of high-rise slums rather than low-rise ones. But Mr Glaeser clearly believes that hell isn't other people; heaven's more like it, for all our faults. He's right, and they say it well.
“Answers to Common Questions,” New Era, Mar. 2015, 30–33
Why do you have other scriptures? Isn't the Bible enough? Illustrations by Lili Ribeira The Bible gives us much, and other scriptures give us even more. God has revealed Their word in the Bible. We believe They have also revealed Their word in other scriptures. This doesn't mean we think any less of the Bible, though. In fact, the other scriptures help us know that the Bible is true by giving us additional witnesses of it. All scriptures are proof that Heavenly Father loves Their children and gives them what they need to follow Their plan. Additional scriptures help clarify some things that otherwise might be misunderstood or misinterpreted.
Mormon men have lots of wives, right? No. In the 19th century, some men in the Church had more than one wife because God told the Prophet Joseph Smith to introduce this practice. Some men in the Old Testament were also commanded to do so (for instance, Abraham, Jacob, and David). This is something God has commanded for Their own purposes in the past, but it was always a highly restricted and controlled practice. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints stopped practicing plural marriage in 1890, and anyone practices or advocating it today cannot belong to the Church.
Why are Mormons against gay people? We're not against anyone, and we don't hate anyone. As Christians, we are taught to show compassion and kindness to all people, whether or not we agree with their beliefs, lifestyle, or behavior. To disagree is not to hate or demean. We believe that nobody should be the target of hateful acts and words or be discriminated against in employment or housing, for instance. At the same time, we believe that sexual relations (whether heterosexual or homosexual) outside of marriage is sin and that God has ordained marriage to be only between a man and a woman. These beliefs are consistent with what Heavenly Father has revealed about the central role of the family (father, mother, and children) in Their plan of salvation. This is the core and essence of eternity. This is what endures. Of course, people are free to choose how they live their lives, but that doesn't change God's plan, Their commandments, or the blessings of keeping them. For more on this topic, visit mormonsandgays.org.
Are you really Christians or more like a cult? We are Christians. We believe in Jesus Christ. When people say that members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints are not Christians, it's often based on a certain faulty logic: in their minds, since they're Christians and some of our teachings are so different from theirs, Mormons can't possibly be Christians. For instance, they object to our belief that Heavenly Father and Jesus Christ are separate beings. Other groups might even say we're a cult, but that's often just meant to label us and scare other people away. What really matters is this: we believe in Jesus Christ;  They are our Lord and Savior who suffered, died, and rose again to overcome sin and death for us; and we follow Their example and teachings. These are the common, core beliefs of all Christians, so yes, we are Christians.
Why does it matter what church you belong to? Doesn't God love everyone? God does love everyone. In fact, Heavenly Father loves everyone so much that They sent Their Only Begotten Son, Jesus Christ, to suffer and die so that we could have our sins forgiven, be resurrected, and live with Them in heaven. Jesus Christ has taught us what we need to do in order to be happy in this life and receive eternal life in the hereafter, including repenting and being baptized. They also established a Church in ancient times to administer these teachings and ordinances. Unfortunately, because people rejected the truth, that Church was lost from the earth for a long time, and various new churches arose. But in time, Jesus Christ restored Their original Church through the Prophet Joseph Smith. It is the only Church with true authority to perform sacred ordinances such as baptism. Because God loves everyone, They want everyone to have the opportunity to learn about this Church and, through proper priesthood authority, be baptized in it and receive the covenants necessary for exaltation. That authority and those covenants are available only in Their Church.
Doesn't scientific evidence prove that the Book of Mormon couldn't possibly be true? No. The scientific evidence we have cannot prove or disprove the Book of Mormon. Archaeological or genetic research in the Americas, for instance, is ongoing and often raises more questions than it answers. So to draw absolute conclusions from it about the Book of Mormon (either for it or against it) is usually a bit of a stretch﻿—and quite risky, since new evidence often comes along that refutes old conclusions. But more important, attacks against the Book of Mormon on scientific grounds are usually based on faulty assumptions about what the book claims to be. For instance, it does not claim to be a record of the ancestors of all of the native peoples across the entire Western Hemisphere, nor does it claim that the people described in it were the first or only people inhabiting the area described in it. And yet, many scientific criticisms seem to assume that the book claims exactly these things. Science is learning more and more about the ancient Americas, and that process will continue. But we shouldn't assume that any of that research will give conclusive evidence for or against the Book of Mormon. The ultimate proof of its truth comes through sincere study and prayer and by the power of the Holy Ghost.
What happens in your temples, and why are you so secretive about it? We don't think of it as secret so much as sacred. In the temple we participate in sacred ordinances and make covenants with Heavenly Father. We learn about Their plan of salvation and the role of the Savior, Jesus Christ, as well as the glorious promises They make to us if we are faithful and obedient. Also, the temple is where we are married and sealed together as families for all eternity. There, we can also participate in these ordinances vicariously for our deceased ancestors. If you would like to learn more about our temples, see temples.lds.org.
Why does your church send out young men and women to be missionaries? We believe we have the most important message in the world, and we want to share the happiness it's brought us with everyone. But this message isn't the kind that can simply be broadcast in the media or posted online. It is best delivered person-to-person, heart-to-heart, spirit-to-spirit. That's why we send missionaries. The Lord calls them to preach Their gospel to the world﻿—the good news of salvation through Jesus Christ and of the Restoration of Their Church. Young men and women are at just the right age to be doing this. They may be a bit unpolished sometimes, but they learn to rely on the Lord.
Why don't you believe in having sexual relationships until you're married? God has commanded us not to. Keeping God's commandments helps us to have a safe and joyful journey through life, and sexual purity is an area where obedience brings perhaps the greatest measure of peace and joy. The power to create new life is sacred, as is the intimate expression of love between husband and wife, so the Lord has commanded us to have sexual relations only within the bonds of marriage. That is, abstain from sexual relations if you're not married, and when you are married, be completely faithful to your spouse. So much personal anguish and so many societal problems could be avoided if we would all keep this commandment. Marriage is ordained of God and has a special place in Their plan of happiness for Their children. By reserving sexual relationships for marriage, we elevate both marriage and the sexual relationship to their proper and sacred place in our lives.
Do you all just blindly obey whatever you're told? We do obey the prophets God has chosen﻿—because we have faith in Him, not because we're blind followers. Blind obedience is not true obedience, anyway. The choice to obey﻿—even when we may not fully understand a commandment﻿—is made individually and is based on the trust, faith, and courage we develop as we draw closer to God by heeding Their word to Their prophets. We know that we can and should seek our own confirmation from God that what Their servants have asked us to do is Theirs will. That is our duty and our privilege.
Nobody does creepy holiday set like Notoriously Morbid. I missed a few of them in the past (Sealed Judgment, siiigh) so there was NO way I was passing up on this one. Especially since the theme was mystical, evil tomes from both history and fiction.
For a mere $25 you got 6 fullsized shadows, a mini blush, an exclusive Coffin Kisser, and a Hand of Fate charm–essentially a little skeleton hand clutching a gem! I got in on the pre-orders, which also included a mini COTM shade, and Carrie snuck in a peek of Black Friday 2014 as well!
The Coffin Kisser, Splendor Soils, smells exactly like the bottom of your candy bag after a night of trick-or-treating. Smarties, taffy, lolipops and melted sugar. So nostalgic.
Of course I was most excited about the shadows. While Notoriously Morbid gets a lot of love, I rarely see people talk a lot about their insane duochromes: honestly, some of them rival Femme Fatale. This collection is literally nothing *but* duochromes so I was excited as hell.
Uhnf, color shift you can see in the jar. Come to momma. The shades are:
Book of Honorius, the oldest medieval grimoire, full of necromantic knowledge: olive green with a strong red shift
Clavicule of Solomon, aka the Key of Solomon (though it was decidedly not written by King Solomon), a book of pentacles and summoning circle: blush pink with a violet, red & gold shimmer
Necronomicon, the infamous tome of madness that appears in Lovecraft's stories: a deep black packed with gold sparkles & a strong purple shift
Magus, a word for priest or sorceress, also a work of mind-bending fiction by John Fowles: sky blue with a soft pink & red shift
Dragon Rouge, a modern esoteric magical order: bright coral with a pink-to-gold shift
Book of Shadows, a name for any Wiccan book of spells: grey shot through with pale purple with a otherworldly green shift
Book of Shadows is probably the strangest and most undefinable shade in the line. It's sometimes-grey-sometimes-purple-sometimes-pink with a strong hit of green throughout.
The CoTM was Creepy Green Light, which is a vivid chartreuse with green shimmer. It's basically the color of, you guessed it, creepy green light in horror & scifi movies.
The mini blush is Grand Oracle, a gorgeous plummy mauve with a matte finish.
From bottom to top we've got Magus, Book of Shadows, Necronomicon, Dragon Rouge, Clavicule of Solomon, Book of Honorius, and Creepy Green Light. Oh, and the top one? That's Nothing is Trivial, the Black Friday preview. Does this mean… The Crow theme?! It's a really shocking color, a creamy blue base with a shift from pale sliver to warm gold.
As you can see, the shift on all of them is ridiculously prominent. Magus is probably the most “subtle” because the shift to red is quite soft from most angles, but it's definitely there. And as you can see, Book of Shadows looks different from pretty much every angle!
An out of focus glitter shot so you can really see the color changes. Necronomicon is so sparkle-packed, it's stunning in person.
Grand Oracle is a gorgeous and unique blush. Not quite mauve, not quite pink, with hints of purple. It is a big stainer, though (the heavy swatch lingered on my arm for 2 days!) and is SUPER saturated so use a verry light hand when applying it.
Sadly this set is out of stock now, but it was an insane value with gorgeous shades. Plus, it has me super excited for Black Friday…
Tags: blush, Eyeshadow, Gristly Grimoires, Halloween 2014, Indie Makeup, Makeup, Notoriously Morbid, Reviews, Swatches
Earlier this month Sony launched its PlayStation VR headset into the wild, sporting a large launch lineup of games from the pulse-pounding competitive shooter, Rigs, to the white-knuckle racer, Driveclub VR, and an excellent assortment of smaller games such as Thumper, Bound, and SUPERHYPERCUBE. There is assuredly something for most everybody on PS VR already. And it appears that diversity and quality has translated to strong popularity thus far.
“PS VR is off to a great start at GameStop, having already exceeded our early expectations,” senior VP of merchandising Bob Puzon said in a press release. “Due to the popularity of the system with our customers, we have received additional units for holiday.”
For anyone that's been paying attention, the surge of demand should come as no surprise. Not only did PS VR sell out at GameStop faster than any other hardware of all-time, but it's already been hinted to be in the “many hundreds thousands” range to date in terms of total sales. After the headset released, coverage from media outlets nearly doubled that of the Rift and Vive.
The press release also indicates that “demand remains high” for the unit, which should help to spur adoption and market growth into next year. As it stands, Sony's flagship headset is in a great position to drive mainstream adoption of VR.
PlayStation's VP of Marketing views the headset as a step towards achieving the “holy grail of gaming,” and while we are definitely fans of the device, it isn't quite there yet. Whether or not they can sort out the often pesky tracking issues and continue to deliver on the promise of consistent, high-quality software will be the biggest signs of whether or not the HMD has what it takes to go toe-to-toe with its more powerful, but much more expensive, rivals in the HTC Vive and Oculus Rift.
h/t: Daniel Ahmad and GameSpot
Tagged with: gamestop, Headset, HMD, playstation, PS VR, sony
Douglas L. Coleman, a Canadian-born scientist who upset scientific dogma by discovering that genes — not willpower, eating habits or other behaviors — could cause obesity in some people, died on April 16 at their home in Lamoine, Me. They were 82.
The cause was aggressive basal cell cancer, said a spokesperson for the Jackson Laboratory in Bar Harbor, Me., where Dr. Coleman spent their entire research career.
Beginning in the 1960s, Dr. Coleman's research showed that a blood-borne substance could curb hunger. In the 1990s, their findings led Dr. Jeffrey M. Friedman's team at the Rockefeller University in Manhattan to identify the gene that produces the appetite suppressant leptin, which is released by fat cells.
For their work, Dr. Coleman and Dr. Friedman shared the prestigious Lasker Award for basic medical research in 2010. Their discoveries upended the conventional wisdom that fat cells are simply energy storage bins, and demonstrated that fat tissue is an endocrine organ required for normal development. Scientists have learned from their research and others' that fat produces a variety of hormones, cytokines and other chemicals in the body's natural weight-control system.
Quick Access
Review / Favorite Track / For Fans Of / Atmosphere Levels / Links (Music & Social)
Take a Dab of Devil's Blood and You'll Transport Your Mind...
Review by a new contributor, please welcome Bailey alias Mrs. Doomhand from the USA !  They are also the guitarist in the killer band Youngblood Supercult, Mr. Bats reviewed their last album here.
The first time I saw Keef Mountain, I was absolutely floored. I didn't realize a two-piece band could sound so undeniably colossal while maintaining a steady amount of memorable riffage. In a landscape surrounded by bands who either fit snugly within the realm of heavy sludge or riff-y stoner rock, Keef Mountain's self-titled debut skirts that divide in a harmonious mixture of heavy, reverb-laden doom, ripping lead work, and powerful vocal performance.
How is the sound ?
Much like Black Pyramid or Acid King, Keef Mountain delivers the heavy, lumbering drone of fuzzed-out guitar and spacey but commanding vocals in which longtime listeners relish, but not in a stale way, by any means.
Jake Hayde achieves this tone through their almost scientific setup of pedals and a solid Les Paul run through an array of vintage Sunn bass amps. Dillon Bendetti punches through Jake's guitar work with hefty, solid drums.
There are several hard-hitters on this record that can be expected to be future doom favorites, including the opening track “Green Wizard”, which comes on slow and grinding but quickly turns around into a driving frenzy of stoned fury; later tracks such as “Resin Lung” and “Hendog” are equally impressive. The final track, “Higher Realms”, is an atmospheric but gritty voyage into all of the elements that the band displays throughout their 7-track debut slab.
Keef Mountain is worth the listen, and I can expect them to be a massive new force within the stoner/doom community.
Why is this album worth listening ?
Fresh new riffs that will be stuck in your mind
Heavy, but accessible
Poetic lyricism
In what situation you should listen to this album ?
Surrounded by friends around a countryside campfire in the cool darkness of an autumn night, with smoke-filled lungs and whiskey at your side.
Something particular to note ?
Keef Mountain is slated for digital, CD, and cassette release on October 7th 2016, and on LP on December 2016 through the newly-formed The Company Records. This will be the first release for The Company, the brainchild of Joshua Wilkinson. Josh has been a long-time graphic designer for a number of bands and record labels. You can order the album and other goods at www.thecompanykc.com.
Buy Photo Clay Township veteran Jack Beattie stands in front of a world map depicting all the places they were while in the U.S. Navy on Monday, June 5, 2017. They served on the American spy ship USS Liberty when it was attacked Israeli war planes and ships 50 years ago Thursday, June 8, (Photo: Jackie Smith/Times Herald)Buy Photo
Fifty years ago, Jack Beattie watched unknown pilots flying overhead while they were aboard the USS Liberty in the Mediterranean Sea.
They were close enough to wave to, but they didn't wave back.
Beattie questioned what was happening then. Five decades later, on the anniversary of the attack on their spy ship, he's still seeking answers.
Beattie, 69 of Clay Township, easily recounts the June 8, 1967, attack that took the lives of 34 men on Liberty and wounded 170 more. It's a story they want Americans to hear and remember 50 years later.
The unprovoked attack by Israeli forces on the ship came during what is now known as the Six-Day War, a clash between Israel and several Arab nations. The U.S. stayed neutral during the conflict.
Beattie said survivors who've sought an investigation into the 1967 attack have often received some pushback — that it was anti-Semitic or derogatory of an American ally. On Monday, they said they just want answers.
CLOSE Clay Township Jack Beattie served on the USS Liberty, which was attacked by Israeli forces 50 years ago Thursday. They remember keeping quiet of the events early on but has made an effort to share their experience since. Jackie Smith/Times Herald
Still, they added it's “humbling” to be in a position to share the experience. “It should've been done years ago, but it was not,” they said. “We've been pushing this for the last 20 years, I'd say.”
The day of the attack started with aircraft circling overhead. In the hours before the attack, Beattie said they had felt safe onboard, thinking it was clear to whomever they were the Liberty was an American ship and not involved in the conflict.
“You could actually wave to the pilots. They never waved back. I (saw) for myself,” they said. “One time I was on the main deck, and the Israeli transport plane flew over us and went around the ship several times and took off. We were monitored many times. So they knew who we were. The USS Liberty (showed it was the) AGTR-5 — on the bow, port and starboard side, in 5-foot letters. On the back of the ship said (it was) the Liberty, and an American flag (flew).”
Beattie was in a whaleboat hanging on the side of the ship, helping enginemen, when they saw sailors on the bridge looking at oncoming aircraft moments before rockets hit that day.
Once the rockets hit, they said, they were shocked, and jets “came back and forth” for about 40 minutes.
“They said, ‘Stand by for torpedo attacks, starboard side.' I'm thinking, ‘Torpedos? We're not even at war. What's going on?' And I'm looking at the wall there, and I (knew) that's the starboard side,” they said. “So I get on the phone; I said, ‘Request permission to leave …' and they said, ‘Wait one,' which is hold on. I'm thinking, ‘How much longer are we going to hold on?' So I have the phone on, and I'm going up the ladder. I'd just opened the hatch and was just getting out when the torpedo hit, and all the kids collapsed. There was smoke. It threw me around like a rag doll. And the ship just started rolling over.”
The frenzy continued as crews made their way on deck, Beattie said, where they “just hunkered down” until the “machine-gunning of the ship” was over. They said he'd been “banged around” but never sought medical treatment.
Buy Photo U.S. Navy veteran Jack Beattie, of Clay Township, shows a picture of themselves on Monday, June 5, 2017. While on the USS Liberty, they were an E-3 firefighter in the ship's machine shop. (Photo: Jackie Smith/Times Herald)
Beattie called it “a harrowing night” that left them to sleep in their life jackets for several nights on a ship that ultimately never sank.
In the half-century since the attack, he's made it almost their mission to share their story.
“We didn't know it was Israel right away. Nobody knew,” Beattie said Monday in their home. “John Scott, they were a (damage control) officer with us, down on the deck. (We asked), ‘Mr. Scott, who's shooting?' and they said, ‘I don't know. I don't know who's shooting at us.' We thought it had to be Egypt. Then we found out.”
Beattie, age 19 at the time, said they'd been told not to talk about it and largely kept quiet after the attack — something they said probably changed after about 15 years.
Israel would go on to apologize for the attack, citing an error in mistaking the Liberty for an Egyptian ship. However, Beattie said he's among the survivors who believe there's a bigger story there.
“When you tell the truth of what happened to you personally, it comes out the same every time,” said the veteran, whose naval service ended in 1991.
The Liberty was an American technical research ship or a “spy ship.” Beattie had been on board two years and was an E-3 firefighter, working in the ship's machine shop.
Buy Photo Jack Beattie sorts through magazines, photographs and documents regarding the USS Liberty on Monday, June 5, 2017, in the kitchen of their Clay Township home. The U.S. Navy veteran served on the Liberty when it was attacked 50 years ago Thursday. (Photo: Jackie Smith/Times Herald)
In May, Beattie joined the other Vietnam-era veterans who received a special label pin honoring their service from state officials. Sen. Phil Pavlov, R-St. Clair Township, and Senate Majority Floor Leader Mike Kowall shared the honors with Beattie, and Pavlov said 1,000 received the recognition in the capital last year.
“Jack was one of the people that reached out,” Pavlov said. “It was very nice. He's got a heck of a story if you haven't talked to them about it yet. It's unique.”
On Tuesday, Beattie was to leave for Washington, D.C., for events and recognition more specific to those who served on the Liberty. That was to include a visit to Arlington National Cemetery to recognize veterans and those killed in the attack and a reunion in Norfolk.
Contact Jackie Smith at (810) 989-6270 or jssmith@gannett.com. Follow them on Twitter @Jackie20Smith.
Read or Share this story: http://bwne.ws/2s5DTi2
The technology that could turbocharge the NBN
As Australia struggles to complete the National Broadband Network (NBN) utilising copper technologies the development of new Passive Optical Network (PON) systems has continued and earlier this year the International Telecommunication Union (ITU) approved the most recent version of PON known as NG-PON2, which provides a total throughput of 40 Gbps downstream and 10 Gbps upstream over a single fibre distributed to connected premises.
Early next year countries that have invested in optical access networks will be able to upgrade or shift current access network rollouts to NG-PON2 and gain three clear benefits. There's a 30 to 40 per cent reduction in equipment and operating costs, improved connection speeds and symmetrical upstream and downstream bit-rates.
The technology is also expected to be about 60 to 80 per cent cheaper to operate than a copper based access network and provides a clear undeniable performance, capacity and price advantage over any of the copper based access networks such as Fibre-to-the-Node (FTTN) or Hybrid-Fibre-Coax (HFC). And this includes any upgrades to VDSL2 with vectoring or G.Fast and HFC DOCSIS 3.1.
NG-PON2 equipment from major vendors will be available in commercial quantities in early 2016 so nations with the foresight to invest in the future-proof optical access network technologies will be able to upgrade PON to NG-PON2 or to complete national rollouts with NG-PON2.
As far as access network technology is concerned, NG-PON2 is peerless and is likely to be only be surpassed when the next PON upgrade technology becomes available in 2020.
Why it's a better option
A PON works by sending data downstream to all of the premises connected to a fibre and typically this is between 24 to 32 premises. Encryption is used to ensure that data meant for one recipient is not able to be viewed by anyone else. Data is sent from premises using allocated time slots which are pre-arranged times with varying duration. What this means is that premises are able to utilise more time slots if other premises are not sending data.
To ensure that telephony quality is maintained PON supports four traffic management classes and this allows for particular types of data such as telephone calls to be given a higher priority than other traffic such as internet browsing.
[[{"fid":"134346","view_mode":"media_original","fields":{"format":"media_original","field_file_image_alt_text[und][0][value]":"","field_file_image_title_text[und][0][value]":"","field_alt_text[und][0][value]":"","field_summary[und][0][value]":""},"type":"media","link_text":null,"attributes":{"height":"315","width":"598","class":"media-element file-media-original"}}]]
An important reason why the majority of telcos around the world are investing in PON is the limited future for copper based access networks and the significant cost savings when copper is replaced by fibre. FTTN which utilises VDSL technologies provides up to 100 Mbps over 400 metres of copper. A FTTN rollout involves putting cabinets within 400 metres of premises and connecting the cabinets back to exchanges using fibre.
To upgrade FTTN there are two options, install PON or shorten the copper to less than 80 metres and utilise the G.Fast technology which provides downstream connection speeds of up to 1 Gbps over about 40 metres of copper.
So what this means is that every time copper access networks are upgraded there is a need to run fibre further into the access network, which costs money, and to shorten the copper being used. The prospect of having to send a workforce back into the suburbs to extend the fibre from the nodes down streets past premises, to shorten copper to less than 80 metres and then to install G.Fast is a strong justification to do a PON rollout rather than FTTN or G.Fast because future upgrades would only require the boxes at each end of the fibres being replaced.
The cost of rolling out FTTN and G.Fast is very dependent on the state of the copper and whether the old telecommunications infrastructure in the street was built with asbestos. Another factor that has led to the widespread adoption of PON is the cost of maintaining a copper based access network with maintenance costs running about 12 times the cost of maintaining a PON access network. And a FTTN copper based access network utilises electricity at nodes and requires batteries to power equipment during power outages adding a further $300-500 million per year to the running costs.
[[{"fid":"134351","view_mode":"media_original","fields":{"format":"media_original","field_file_image_alt_text[und][0][value]":"","field_file_image_title_text[und][0][value]":"","field_alt_text[und][0][value]":"","field_summary[und][0][value]":""},"type":"media","link_text":null,"attributes":{"height":"460","width":"570","class":"media-element file-media-original"}}]]
How does it work
If 24 premises are connected to a PON and the available throughput is equally shared then for GPON each connection receives 100 Mbps downstream and 40 Mbps upstream over a maximum of 20 km of fibre. For 10G-PON, which was the second PON revision, each of the 24 connections would receive about 400 Mbps downstream and 100 Mbps upstream. The recently approved NG-PON2 will provide a total throughput of 40 Gbps downstream and 10 Gbps upstream over a maximum of 40 km of fibre so each of the 24 connections would receive about 1.6 Gbps downstream and 410 Mbps upstream.
NG-PON2 provides a greater range of connection speed options including 10 / 2.5 Gbps, 10 / 10 Gbps and 2.5 / 2.5 Gbps. NG-PON2 includes backwards compatibility with GPON to ensure that customers can upgrade when they're ready.
[[{"fid":"134441","view_mode":"media_original","fields":{"format":"media_original","field_file_image_alt_text[und][0][value]":"","field_file_image_title_text[und][0][value]":"","field_alt_text[und][0][value]":"","field_summary[und][0][value]":""},"type":"media","attributes":{"height":"358","width":"545","class":"media-element file-media-original"},"link_text":null}]]
Another key feature of NG-PON2 is the fibre connections to premises can occur up to 40 km from the Optical Line Termination (OLT) device which can be located at a fibre access node (FAN), many of which are located at old telephone exchanges. The FANs are connected over transit links to larger facilities which house the Points of Interconnect (PoI) to retail service provider networks.
NG-PON2 utilises wavelength division multiplexing which is a transmission technique that utilises four wavelengths at the same time in the downstream and upstream directions whereas the earlier GPON only used one wavelength downstream and one upstream for data. By transmitting data over four wavelengths NG-GPON effectively provides four times the total throughput capacity of GPON.
A clear difference
With the introduction of NG-PON2 there is now a clear difference between optical access network and copper access network capabilities. Investment in NG-PON2 provides a far cheaper network to operate, significantly faster downstream and upstream speeds and a future-proof upgrade path all of which copper access networks do not provide, thus making them obsolete technologies.
Telcos around the world have been carrying out trials of NG-PON2 and major announcements that NG-PON2 will be introduced into networks in 2016 have commenced. Key telecom vendors have rushed NG-PON2 products to market.
The next upgrade to PON will be the 100G-PON around 2020 which is expected to provide total throughput of 100 Gbps downstream and 40 Gbps upstream with backwards compatibility to NG-PON2 and GPON. A key focus for 100G-PON will be to provide a high capacity access network to support the explosion of connected devices expected as the Internet of Things becomes reality.
For nations looking to upgrade from ADSL technologies there is only one logical and financially sound choice today and that is to overbuild with a fibre access network and to utilise PON until NG-PON2 equipment comes onto the market in early 2016.
Mark Gregory is a senior lecturer in the School of Electrical and Computer Engineering at RMIT University.
Setting the agenda for Australia's $150BN agribusiness sector The program for Australia's premier agribusiness conference - The Global Food Forum - is set. Hear from more than 30 industry leaders including PepsiCo's CEO, Danny Celoni, Jayne Hrdlicka, CEO of A2 Milk Company, Barry Irvin, Executive Chairman, Bega Cheese and Costco's Managing Director, Patrick Noone. Sheraton Grand Sydney Hyde Park Book Now
Britain is planning to force visitors from India, Pakistan, Nigeria and other countries whose nationals are deemed to pose a "high risk" of immigration abuse to provide a cash bond before they can enter the country, a report said Sunday.The Sunday Times newspaper said that from November, a pilot scheme would target visitors from those three countries plus Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and Ghana.Visitors aged 18 and over would be forced to hand over £3,000 ($4,600, 3,500 euros) from November for a six-month visit visa.They will forfeit the money if they overstay in Britain after their visa has expired.Initially the scheme will target hundreds of visitors, but the plan is to extend it to several thousand, according to the broadsheet's front-page report.The weekly paper said the move by Home Secretary Theresa May is designed to show that Prime Minister David Cameron's Conservative Party is serious about cutting immigration and abuses of the system.The populist United Kingdom Independence Party has been encroaching on the Conservatives' traditional core vote in recent months.Cameron wants annual net migration down below 100,000 by 2015."This is the next step in making sure our immigration system is more selective, bringing down net migration from the hundreds of thousands to the tens of thousands while still welcoming the brightest and the best to Britain," May was quoted as saying."In the long run we're interested in a system of bonds that deters overstaying and recovers costs if a foreign national has used our public services."A Home Office official said the six countries highlighted were those with "the most significant risk of abuse". Last year 296,000 people granted six-month visas were from India, 101,000 from Nigeria, 53,000 from Pakistan and 14,000 each were from Sri Lanka and Bangladesh.
Promoting the release of the Star Wars: Rogue One: The Ultimate Visual Guide book, DK Publishing revealed 10 new behind the scenes photos from the first Star Wars stand-alone movie with some brief descriptions. There are no spoilers in these photos, check them out…
From DK:
1. Stormtrooper stops During the shooting of Rogue One: A Star Wars Story™, the Canary Wharf stop on the London Underground was transformed in the dead of night into the bustling interior of the Scarif Citadel. The production crew had one night to capture their footage, before returning the station to normal with commuters none the wiser the next day. Between takes, stormtrooper and shoretrooper extras caught some rest beside the iconic Underground symbol.
2. Space monkey tests Director Gareth Edwards closely examined each new creation to emerge from the creature shop of Neal Scanlan, to gauge each alien's star potential. “Space Monkey” – known for months by its production code indicator of “G007” – was clearly a standout. Using a slip-on mask filled with servo-driven articulation, Space Monkey became an ensemble performance from Nick Kellington (the man under the mask) and the remote control operators driving their expressions. ­
3. Droid audition The cryptic code names adopted for the production labeled the various Rogue One droid characters as “senators”, and this homestead droid ­– code-named “S001” – was one of the earliest creations. It was realized as a practical rod puppet shot on location in Iceland, with its performers digitally removed from the shot.
4. Gearing up The prop department manufactured an arsenal of Rebel and Imperial small-arms. Many were built around Airsoft guns to produce realistic recoil and interaction cues for the performers carrying them.
6. Capturing Moroff Hairy Moroff (played by Ian Whyte) started out as a Rebel character named Senna before ending up as a background character in Saw's militia. Here, the creature character (coded G030) stands before an array of photogrammic analysis cameras that capture every possible angle for future effects and product use.
7. LED hyperspace To best capture the cinema verité documentary style that Edwards favored, many of the effects-heavy sequences benefited from large-scale LEDs. These projected pre-rendered visuals of post-production effects work ­– lending the production authentic performance and lighting cues.
8. Beachfront action The tropical landscape of Scarif was created in the decidedly non-tropical Bovingdon, north of London. Sand and imported palm trees helped frame the landing field where the Rogue One team would infiltrate Imperial headquarters, but the full landscape would be realized by digital set extensions created by Industrial Light & Magic (ILM).
For all the photos make sure to go to DK.
You can order the Star Wars: Rogue One: The Ultimate Visual Guide HERE. The book is written by Pablo Hidalgo themselves and features in-depth character profiles, plus 5 newly commissioned and fully annotated cross-sections of vehicles and mapped-out locations.
Click HERE to check out and comment on this topic in our forum The Cantina
Image caption Clarence Thomas has not spoken in court since February 2006
US Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, who has not asked a question in court for nearly seven years, has spoken to a lawyer presenting a case.
Justice Thomas, 64, made a comment during a joke about lawyers who studied at Harvard and Yale - both Ivy League universities - lawyers in court said.
They said "Well, they did not...", according to court transcripts, prompting several justices to laugh.
Justice Thomas has not asked a question in court since 22 February 2006.
They have suggested in the past that they hold back from asking questions because they want to give lawyers a chance to make their case.
They have also said they are self-conscious about the way they speak, having been teased as a child about the dialect they grew up using in Georgia, and developed the habit of not asking questions at college and law school.
Correspondents say the justice's comments on Monday were not clear, other than that they seemed to be joking about Ivy League law school graduates.
One lawyer said the joke was at the expense of Yale Law School, where Justice Clarence studied, while another lawyer said Harvard Law School was the target of the joke, the Associated Press reported.
The nine-member bench was hearing arguments in the case of Boyer vs Louisiana, in which Jonathan Boyer is seeking to have their murder conviction overturned because they were held in jail for seven years before trial.
Their lawyers say Boyer's constitutional right to a speedy trial was violated.
Correspondents say that one issue in the case is whether Boyer's court-appointed lawyers in the early stages of their case were qualified to represent him.
Justice Antonin Scalia asked the lawyer representing the state of Louisiana to confirm which law schools two of the lawyers in question had attended, when Justice Thomas made their comments.
Justice Thomas is the only member of the bench who has a habit of not asking questions when oral arguments are heard by the court.
Image caption Critics say Kim Hyon-hui will have no new information to offer the families
A former North Korean spy who blew up a South Korean airliner two decades ago killing 115 people has been allowed into Japan.
Kim Hyon-hui will meet the families of Japanese people abducted by North Korea to train its agents.
For the visit to take place Japan has waived immigration rules and police are not expected to question their past use of a fake Japanese passport.
There has been criticism in Japan of the decision to allow Ms Kim's visit.
The former North Korean spy was flown on a government-chartered jet to Tokyo's Haneda airport.
Kim Hyon-hui was shielded from view with large umbrellas as they were ushered into a car, and driven to a mountain summer house belonging to the former Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama.
Image caption Security is very tight for Ms Kim's visit to Japan
The 48-year old was sentenced to death for bombing a South Korean airliner in 1987, but was later pardoned and became a best selling author.
They have been allowed into Japan to meet the families of people abducted by North Korea during the 1970s and 1980s and forced to teach spies to pass themselves off as Japanese.
Kim Hyon-hui is said to have met several during training before the bombing including Megumi Yokota, kidnapped in 1977 while walking to school.
Eight years ago North Korea acknowledged taking 13 people and allowed five to return, saying the rest were dead.
Japan has been demanding proof ever since and an investigation into many other suspected abductions.
To allow Ms Kim's visit, the government has waived immigration rules barring foreigners sentenced to more than a year in prison from entering the country.
The police are also expected not to question them about their use of a fake Japanese passport during the bombing
However, critics say any information they may have is likely to be decades out of date, and the trip has been branded a stunt to gloss over the government's lack of progress on the abduction issue.
Tankfest 2017 is well and truly on its way!
The booth is nearly set, and the tanks are ready for action, so let's reveal some more about our activities at Tankfest 2017 ! Take a look at our schedule below for a teaser of what's planned on our stage and, more importantly, when! Want to meet your favourite streamers and YouTubers? Now is your chance!
For those of you who can't make it to the event in person, we will be streaming highlights from our stage and the Tankfest Arena live on Facebook and Instagram.
Please note that this is only a preview, and all details and times are subject to changes until the event.
Please note that all times listed above are in BST.
Keep an eye on the World of Tanks portals and social media channels for further details!
Roll out!
It must have been a pretty special child, otherwise the two-year old wouldn't have been buried in such a ceremonious manner. The boy was sprinkled with celebratory red dust and given distinctive stone artifacts for their last journey.
The characteristic fluting of the stone weapons serve as archeological evidence that the boy, who died some 12,600 years ago, came from the Clovis culture. It was one of the earliest New World groups, disappearing mysteriously a few centuries after the child's burial in present day Montana. From the summit of a hill towering over the burial site near the Yellowstone River, the boy's Ice Age contemporaries could monitor their hunting grounds for mammoth and bison.
Now a team of scientists led by the Danish geneticist Eske Willerslev has analyzed the boy's origins and discovered that they descend from a Siberian tribe with roots tracing back to Europe. Some of the boy's ancestors are likely even to have lived in present-day Germany.
Their findings go even further: More than 80 percent of all native peoples in the Americas -- from the Alaska's Aleuts to the Maya of Yucatan to the Aymaras along the Andes -- are descended from Montana boy's lineage.
Surpring Similarities
Last week, the scientists published the results of sequencing the child's DNA in the scientific journal Nature. Late last year, the same team published the decoded genome of another early human: A juvenile buried near Lake Baikal in Siberia some 24,000 years ago. Their genomes showed surprising ancestral similarities.
This earned Willerslev's team an astounding publishing achievement in just 100 days: The decoding of the genomes of the oldest analyzed members of Homo sapiens in both the Old and the New Worlds. This has allowed them to reconstruct the settlement of the Americas via the Beringia land bridge during the ice ages -- when what is now the Bering Strait between Russia and Alaska was frozen over -- in greater detail than ever before.
A third of both juveniles' DNA can be traced to the earliest European. Physical evidence also supports this European origin: Archeologists discovered 30 ivory pendants at Mal'ta, the Stone Age settlement site near Lake Baikal where the remains were found. The pendants show great similarity to ones found at Hohle Fels cave, an important Paleolithic site in southern Germany's Swabian Jura mountains.
The results of the finds in Montana and Siberia now provide the scientists the opportunity to trace metabolic characteristics, susceptibility to disease and other properties during the intercontinental migrations.
Overcoming Resistance to Research
The analysis of the Montana probe is important for still another reason: It may signal a new era for genetic analysis of such ancient remains, overcoming a tradition of resistance from Native-American communities. Although American museums house the remains of many pre-historic inhabitants of North America, DNA analysis of them has largely been blocked by resistance from their descendants.
But this time, the relevance of the Willerslev team's studies was appreciated by representatives of the Crow, the Northern Cheyenne, the Flathead and the Blackfoot Nations. None of the leaders representing these nations near the burial site resisted the publication of the DNA data. "This is righteous science," Shane Doyle, a member of the Crow Nation, said after learning of Willerslev's project in September.
This success would not have been possible without the family that owned the land on which the remains were found in 1968. Years ago, the owners of the ranch, Mel and Helen Anzick, had the idea to have the bones' DNA analyzed. The challenge was later picked up by the couple's daughter, Sarah, themselves a molecular biologist who worked on decoding the human genome in the late 1990s.  They are a co-author of the Clovis publication in Nature.
Sarah had considered extracting DNA samples from the Clovis bones while working on the initial human genome project. But the technology was not mature enough at the time, and their plan faced resistance from some Native Americans.
Enthusiastic about the new findings, they said: "When I saw the results, I almost jumped out of my skin I was so excited." The Anzicks' 35 hectare (86 acre) property is located approximately 150 kilometers (93 miles) north of Yellowstone National Park, set amid undulating prairie. In past centuries the ranch's lookout hill served as a bison trap: Hunters could drive the animals over a cliff to more easily kill them for food.
At the same time the hill offered early inhabitants shelter from the fierce winds. The gales also blow the snow off the grasslands, thereby attracting foraging game that natives could hunt. Indeed year-round feed was the reason that Mel Anzick bought the land as pasture for theirs horses.
The boy's remains and the artifacts were uncovered by a tractor moving earth. Over subsequent years, portions of the collection were sent to various scientific groups for study across the United States. Some bones went to Arizona, others to Washington DC's Smithsonian Institution.
For decades, Native Americans were outraged by what they see as disrespectful treatment of remains -- their link to "the ancient ones" -- which were displayed in museums and shipped around like baggage. They fought tenaciously for their rights, earning in 1990 a federal law allowing for repatriation of human remains along with funerary artifacts.
However, the legislation only affected finds from government-owned land. The Montana boy's bones were found on private land. Thus it was up to the Anzick family to make the only known Clovis bones available to scientists for DNA sequencing.
An Explosive Issue
Such genetic analysis of Native American bones is highly controversial. It is a sacrilege to some. Others fear it could link their ancestors to Europeans, as this study has done. And some worried it could be misused in tribal disputes over who shares in the economic bounty from casinos that operate on the sovereign reservations.
An ongoing federal court case shows just how explosive the issue is. University of California archeologists are fighting for the right to conduct DNA analysis on a pair of 9,300 year-old skeletons found on the San Diego campus. If the scientists lose the case, many such human remains could be repatriated to the tribes.
The sequencing plans first materialized when Willerslev took on the project four years ago. In addition to being a renowned authority in decoding ancient DNA, Willerslev also has experience in negotiating with indigenous peoples on such sensitive projects. In 2011, they sequenced the first Aborigine genome from DNA in hair samples held in a British museum. This enabled them to show that Australia's original inhabitants descended from peoples who had left Africa a full 70,000 years ago.
Willerslev sought Aboriginal leaders' permission to publish the results. They remember arriving in the Outback after a long drive, exasperated by their driver's assertions' that they would not get consent. "They will never agree, never agree", the driver repeated. After meeting Aborigine leaders, Willerslev won their endorsement for publication, even securing a written proclamation from the governing council.
Understanding Sensitivities
After starting the Clovis project about four years ago, Willerslev and colleagues planned to follow the same course and seek permission from Montana tribes for publication. The first meeting was organized by 70-year-old Montana archeologist Larry Lahren, who has helped the Anzicks to look after their collection for decades. They knew well the sensitivities, too. "Historically, the US government has treated Native Americans like livestock. It was always white man's rule," they said.
On a blue-sky September afternoon last year, the scientists finally were to meet Doyle of the nearby Crow Nation. Willerslev and some members of their team waited anxiously on the Anzick ranch for Doyle to arrive. Doyle knew nothing about the bones, but from the hill they could point to landmarks of more than a century of their family's history. While Doyle grew up amid poverty on the Crow reservation, they now have a doctorate and teaches at Montana State University in Bozeman.
Gathered at the burial site, Willerslev revealed the team's results: the remains' age, the boy's ancestry to native tribes of the Americas and the links to Siberia and Europe. Doyle's reaction would determine whether or not Willerslev's study could be published or not because the scientist had promised to destroy it if they didn't obtain permission.
After learning the results, Doyle was emotionally overcome. But then, with the tension relaxed, they joked with Willerslev about wondering if they would be told they themselves was of Danish ancestry. Finally Doyle proclaimed: "This boy is my cousin."
Doyle fetched a drum from their van, conducted a short ceremony and sang to their newfound relative. Afterward, Doyle agreed to introduce Willerslev to the other Montana tribes, with the group setting off that week for reservation visits.
As a result of these discussions, plans are underway to rebury the bones at their discovery site on the Anzick ranch. There also is to be a roadside monument for all Native Americans to visit -- just like the white man's cemetery across the highway in the tiny hamlet of Wilsall.
Rookie tackle Jake Matthews doesn't lack for confidence, and if the team wants to move him, they say he's ready to take on a role at left tackle.
With Sam Baker (knee) injured, rookie Jake Matthews tells me he's ready to move to left tackle. http://t.co/jvwwuCQuVz — vaughn mcclure (@vxmcclure23) August 17, 2014
The Falcons won't tip their hand so early, but it seems like Matthews at left tackle is a real possibility. They must know that, and thus he's comfortable telling McClure he's ready. There's little doubt the Falcons drafted them to be the left tackle of the future, so in my humble opinion there's little sense in pushing that future off.
"I'll do it," Matthews told ESPN.com of moving to left tackle. "That's what they drafted me for: to come here and play wherever. And something I take a lot of pride in is my versatility and being able to play on either side. If they ask me to move over, I'll be happy to do it."
I'd give Matthews first team reps there in the third game of the preseason and see how they hold up, while rotating some of your right tackle candidates. If you really see something that makes you uncomfortable, perhaps a signing should happen, but it's not like Matthews will be learning the left for the first time. They spent time there at Texas A&M and excelled, after all.
Your thoughts on Matthews at left tackle?
Post by BlackArchon » Thu, 4. Feb 16, 21:23
BlackArchon wrote: ...
I have another problem to report: I'm now mass producing Split Ocelots. After watching my first pair of them in battles, I noticed they don't fire their front turrets. To verify this, I piloted one by myself and mounted different weapons in each one of the six turrets so I can distinguish them, then switched cockpits with F1. The right, left, back, up and down turrets are able fire, but the front turret can't. Surely there is just a cockpit position wrong. Any chance this will get fixed for 1.6.0?
Let me correct my quoted statement: only the first two gun mount points of the front turret are unable to fire a shot. I had only tested the first mount point, so I misinterpreted my findings. The mount points from 3 to 12 of the front turret can fire correctly manually, I have tested them individually.
President Trump's Cabinet secretaries are growing exasperated at how slowly the White House is moving to fill hundreds of top-tier posts, warning that the vacancies are hobbling efforts to oversee agency operations and promote the president's agenda, according to administration officials, lawmakers and lobbyists.
The Senate has confirmed 26 of Trump's picks for their Cabinet and other top posts. But for 530 other vacant senior-level jobs requiring Senate confirmation, the president has advanced just 37 nominees, according to data tracked by The Washington Post and the nonpartisan Partnership for Public Service's Center for Presidential Transition. These posts include the deputy secretaries and undersecretaries, chief financial officers, ambassadors, general counsels, and heads of smaller agencies who run the government day-to-day.
That's less than half the nominees President Barack Obama had sent to the Senate by this point in their first term.
Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke, who has publicly expressed frustration with the process, has routinely peppered the White House Personnel Office for updates and called Trump directly to press for faster action on filling vacant jobs at the Interior Department, said two people familiar with their contacts, who like others spoke on the condition of anonymity for this report because of the sensitivity of hiring discussions.
[Track how many key positions Trump has filled so far]
Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke, shown at an April 3 briefing, has expressed frustration with the White House's process for nominating people to fill senior positions at their agency. (Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post)
Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price aired their dismay at a recent breakfast meeting with their former congressional colleagues. “He's very frustrated,” said a Republican House member who was there . “He felt it was much more difficult to operate the department and provide the leadership level that you need to provide.”
Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao has also become impatient, said a Republican lobbyist who is close to them Chao has tapped an outside consultant to help them identify candidates for top jobs and shepherd them through the White House nomination process, an agency official confirmed.
In part, the delay in filling leadership posts is a result of a chaotic transition after Trump won the November election. Just days after their victory, Trump dumped New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R) as transition director and jettisoned much of their work, replacing them with Vice President-elect Mike Pence.
But the nomination process has also been slowed by the unusual degree of scrutiny the White House is giving job candidates. Prospective nominees for senior posts and even some of the more junior ones must win approval from competing camps inside the White House, according to close Trump associates and Republican lobbyists.
Around the table for weekly hiring meetings are chief strategist Stephen K. Bannon, representing the populist wing; Chief of Staff Reince Priebus, leading the establishment Republican wing; White House Counsel Don McGahn; Pence's chief of staff, Josh Pitcock; and Jared Kushner, the president's son-in-law and senior adviser, representing a business-oriented faction, according to a lobbyist and several White House officials. For economic appointments, Gary Cohn, director of the National Economic Council, also sits in, as does the president's daughter, Ivanka Trump, when a hiring decision piques them interest.
“We make sure the people involved in hiring decisions don't have an objection,” Priebus said. “To get to that point, you've gone through a long process. If someone has a serious objection, unless it can be resolved, it's probably not going to move forward.”
[This Beltway insider is in charge of hiring for the Trump administration. It's taking a while.]
Barry Bennett, a former Trump campaign adviser who served as a communications director under President George W. Bush, said requiring so many White House figures to sign off on appointments can be unusually cumbersome.
“There are big differences among them about the people they're talking about putting in these positions,” Bennett said. “Of course, it's going to take longer.”
Max Stier, president and chief executive of the Partnership for Public Service, who stays in regular touch with White House officials, said the drawn-out hiring process is leaving Cabinet secretaries “stuck in most instances.”
In the interim, the secretaries are relying on civil servants in acting leadership roles, which can create an uneasy relationship given the Trump administration's aim of upending many traditional agency functions.
To accelerate the process of filling top posts at the Transportation Department, Chao has hired Edmund Moy to help identify candidates to staff their office and to head 10 agencies within their department.  They are also guiding them through the White House nomination process. Chao worked closely with Moy when they were labor secretary under Bush and Moy was a White House personnel official responsible for hiring senior figures at the Labor Department and other agencies.
A Transportation Department spokesperson said the department is about halfway toward filling its vacancies. “Our focus remains on aligning a top-notch team to carry out the priorities of the department and the administration.”
Attorney General Jeff Sessions faces perhaps a more daunting challenge at the Justice Department, which has openings for all 93 U.S. attorneys around the country and vacancies atop its divisions. When a reporter asked Sessions last week how they can pursue Trump's tough-on-crime agenda with so many vacancies, Sessions said, “We really need to work hard at that.”
The Interior Department, a more modest agency, may have far fewer top posts to fill, but with 16 senior jobs still empty, Zinke has been airing their “frustration on the process.” In remarks to journalists this month, as reported by E&E News, Zinke said: “A lot of it — the executive branch is no different than any branch — is the frustration of the bureaucracy. . . . We're working with the White House every day” to get the nominations out.
[Got a tip for The Post? Here are the reporters who cover federal agencies. ]
At the Education Department, Secretary Betsy DeVos has devised a strategy to compensate for their depleted senior ranks.  They are leaning heavily on the staff of Sen. Lamar Alexander (R-Tenn.), a former education secretary who now chairs the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee, a former top aide to the senator said. Alexander's aides are involved on behalf of the agency in working with state governments to put in place a new law that shifts much of the federal role in elementary and secondary education to the states.
“The chairperson is committed to providing any assistance the secretary requests,” an aide to Alexander said. Offering this kind of assistance, the aide said, “is standard practice” for the committee.
DeVos had hoped to have their own staff in place to manage the major shifts the administration hopes to make in education. They had backed New Mexico Education Secretary Hanna Skandera for assistant secretary for elementary and secondary education, but the White House soured on them after some Senate Republicans raised concerns about their support for Common Core standards, according to a Republican familiar with the senators' thinking.
DeVos had wanted to have a deputy by now. The name of Indiana business person Allan Hubbard has surfaced as a possible deputy education secretary. Although they have yet to be nominated, Hubbard has already joined a team of Education Department officials meeting with potential candidates for other top agency posts, according to a Republican with knowledge of the discussions.
Across the government, there are posts for 16 deputy secretaries, but only two have been filled so far: Elaine Duke at the Department of Homeland Security and Rod Rosenstein, who was confirmed for a Justice post Tuesday. Trump has nominated four others, though one of them, Chicago Cubs co-owner Todd Ricketts, withdrew their name for consideration to be commerce deputy secretary last week, citing difficulties in complying with rules on avoiding financial conflicts.
Environmental Protection Agency chief Scott Pruitt has been pushing coal lobbyist Andrew Wheeler for their agency's No. 2 job, another Republican lobbyist said, but the White House has not signed off, almost two months after Wheeler's name surfaced.
In the winter, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson picked Elliott Abrams, a national security veteran of the Reagan and George W. Bush administrations, to be their deputy secretary. Abrams said they met with Kushner and Trump but was told that Bannon vetoed the choice. Abrams had been critical of Trump during the election campaign.
And at the Pentagon, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis withdrew their top choice for undersecretary for policy in March after the White House told them it would not fight an expected battle for Senate confirmation for retired senior diplomat Anne Patterson. While the president has since named several candidates for senior defense positions, the policy post, arguably the most important person on the secretary's team, is still held by an acting career official.
Mattis has skirmished with the White House over other appointments as well and told colleagues they are frustrated by the delays, especially since they had insisted on being able to choose their team, according to current and former national security officials.
The screening of potential nominees for conflicts of interest arising from their business activities has contributed to the lengthy nomination process in some instances. White House officials said they have given preliminary approval to 250 job candidates who are now undergoing vetting by the FBI and the Office of Government Ethics before being nominated and sent to the Senate for confirmation.
Johnny DeStefano, who heads the White House Personnel Office, said they aim to ensure that the president's key advisers have no objections before advancing the name of a prospective nominee.
“Generally, we just have a discussion about each of the individuals,” DeStefano said. “I'm there to represent all of the White House interests. The goal is that by the time [the decision] gets to the president, they understand that everybody is on the same page.”
DeStefano defended the pace of nominations, saying that the White House is “making sure we find, in as deliberative a fashion as we can, the right mix of folks . . . who have experience driving change, who understand what the problems are.”
But Clay Johnson III, who led the White House personnel operation during Bush's first term, said that the hiring process during that administration was much more streamlined and that they routinely presented the president with two dozen names to approve each week. Although hires for senior jobs had to pass muster with Chief of Staff Andrew Card and political strategist Karl Rove, fewer White House officials had a veto over nominations.
“People didn't automatically say, ‘I have a say in this,' ” Johnson recalled.
Devlin Barrett, Emma Brown, Anne Gearan, Sari Horwitz, Thomas Gibbons-Neff, Missy Ryan and Lena Sun contributed to this report.
Django shortcut functions a guest Jun 1st, 2012 573 Never a guest573Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint Bash 2.33 KB ### Handy functions if you have a single folder that contains a directory for each project # shortcut commands for Django ### --- Don't use a trailing slash when defining you path DJANGOPATH = "/path/to/projects/container" runserver ( ) { if [ $1 = "--help" ] ; then echo "Usage: runserver PROJECT_NAME" ; else cd ${DJANGOPATH} / $1 ; python manage.py runserver; cd ~; fi } sql ( ) { if [ $1 = "--help" ] ; then echo "Usage: sql PROJECT_NAME APP_NAME" ; else cd ${DJANGOPATH} / $1 ; python manage.py sql $2 ; cd ~; fi } startproject ( ) { if [ $1 = "--help" ] ; then echo "Usage: startproject PROJECT_NAME" ; else cd { $DJANGOPATH } ; django-admin startproject $1 project; cd $1 ; fi } startapp ( ) { if [ $1 = "--help" ] ; then echo "Usage: startapp [ -p ] APP_NAME PROJECT_NAME" ; echo ; echo "By default this starts an app in the current directory because the startproject command changes into the new project." ; echo ; echo "By passing the [-p] option you can create an app in any project or destination. Give full /path/to/project if using this option" elif [ $1 = "-p" ] ; then django-admin startapp $2 $3 ; else django-admin startapp $1 ; fi } syncdb ( ) { if [ $1 = "--help" ] ; then echo "Usage: syncdb PROJECT_NAME [ DB_NAME ]" ; echo echo "Include DB_NAME if you need to sync a database other than 'default'." ; elif [ $2 ] ; then cd { $DJANGOPATH } / $1 ; python manage.py syncdb --database = $2 ; cd ~; else cd { $DJANGOPATH } / $1 ; python manage.py syncdb; fi } sqlflush ( ) { if [ $1 = "--help" ] ; then echo "Usage: sqlflush PROJECT_NAME [ DB_NAME ]" ; echo echo "Include DB_NAME if you need to see sql commands for a database other than 'default'." ; elif [ $2 ] ; then cd { $DJANGOPATH } / $1 ; python manage.py sqlflush --database = $2 ; cd ~; else cd { $DJANGOPATH } / $1 ; python manage.py sqlflush; cd ~; fi } shell ( ) { if [ $1 = "--help" ] ; then echo "Usage: shell PROJECT_NAME" ; else cd { $DJANGOPATH } / $1 ; python manage.py shell; fi } flushdb ( ) { if [ $1 = "--help" ] ; then echo "Usage: flushdb PROJECT_NAME DB_NAME" ; echo "This will delete all data from database DB_NAME, keeping the structure." else cd { $DJANGOPATH } / $1 ; python manage.py flush --database = $2 fi }
RAW Paste Data
### Handy functions if you have a single folder that contains a directory for each project # shortcut commands for Django ### --- Don't use a trailing slash when defining you path DJANGOPATH="/path/to/projects/container" runserver() { if [ $1 = "--help" ]; then echo "Usage: runserver PROJECT_NAME"; else cd ${DJANGOPATH}/$1; python manage.py runserver; cd ~; fi } sql() { if [ $1 = "--help" ]; then echo "Usage: sql PROJECT_NAME APP_NAME"; else cd ${DJANGOPATH}/$1; python manage.py sql $2; cd ~; fi } startproject() { if [ $1 = "--help" ]; then echo "Usage: startproject PROJECT_NAME"; else cd {$DJANGOPATH}; django-admin startproject $1 project; cd $1; fi } startapp() { if [ $1 = "--help" ]; then echo "Usage: startapp [ -p ] APP_NAME PROJECT_NAME"; echo ; echo "By default this starts an app in the current directory because the startproject command changes into the new project."; echo ; echo "By passing the [-p] option you can create an app in any project or destination. Give full /path/to/project if using this option" elif [ $1 = "-p" ]; then django-admin startapp $2 $3; else django-admin startapp $1; fi } syncdb() { if [ $1 = "--help" ]; then echo "Usage: syncdb PROJECT_NAME [ DB_NAME ]"; echo echo "Include DB_NAME if you need to sync a database other than 'default'."; elif [ $2 ]; then cd {$DJANGOPATH}/$1; python manage.py syncdb --database=$2; cd ~; else cd {$DJANGOPATH}/$1; python manage.py syncdb; fi } sqlflush() { if [ $1 = "--help" ]; then echo "Usage: sqlflush PROJECT_NAME [ DB_NAME ]"; echo echo "Include DB_NAME if you need to see sql commands for a database other than 'default'."; elif [ $2 ]; then cd {$DJANGOPATH}/$1; python manage.py sqlflush --database=$2; cd ~; else cd {$DJANGOPATH}/$1; python manage.py sqlflush; cd ~; fi } shell() { if [ $1 = "--help" ]; then echo "Usage: shell PROJECT_NAME"; else cd {$DJANGOPATH}/$1; python manage.py shell; fi } flushdb() { if [ $1 = "--help" ]; then echo "Usage: flushdb PROJECT_NAME DB_NAME"; echo "This will delete all data from database DB_NAME, keeping the structure." else cd {$DJANGOPATH}/$1; python manage.py flush --database=$2 fi }
Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders speaks at a rally at Bonanza High School in Las Vegas on Sunday. (Photo by Ethan Miller/Getty Images)
LAS VEGAS -- Democratic presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders said Thursday night that Bill Clinton had been a “pretty good president” but was misguided on several issues including Wall Street deregulation, trade and welfare reform.
The Vermont senator's assessment came early during a town hall here that was also to feature a separate appearance from Hillary Clinton, Sanders's rival for the Democratic nomination.
“Bill Clinton has been on the campaign trail making some pretty nasty comments about me,” Sanders said to co-host Chuck Todd of NBC News when asked about the former president, who has been a very active surrogate on the campaign trail for their wife.
[In Nevada, a tightening race threatens Clinton's post-New Hampshire ‘firewall']
Sanders said among the differences they had with Clinton during the 1990s was “so-called welfare reform,” which Sanders said had the effect of “scapegoating” vulnerable people.
“That legislation ended up increasing extreme poverty,” Sanders said during the forum, which was broadcast live on Telemundo and MSNBC and focused largely on issues important to Latinos, including immigration reform.
Sanders has made tougher Wall Street regulation a focus of their campaign and been critical of action taken during Bill Clinton's term to deregulate the financial industry.
Sanders has also been critical of a string of free-trade agreements, including the North American Free Trade Agreement, or NAFTA, which was passed during Clinton's tenure.
The forum also offered an opportunity for Sanders to clarify some areas of difference with President Obama. Hillary Clinton has sought to cast themselves as the candidate more committed to carrying out the legacy of the current president, who remains popular with the Democratic base.
During the forum, Sanders was presented with a segment of a 2011 radio interview in which they suggested it would be healthy for Obama to have a Democratic primary opponent in 2012.
Sanders said that they think overall Obama has “done an outstanding job” and that Obama is “a friend of mine” but said that it's only natural for senators to have differences with presidents. They said the media were fueling controversy over their differences.
Sanders said their policy differences with Obama have included trade. Sanders is a vocal opponent of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a major deal that Obama is seeking to push through Congress.
Sanders's discussion of the two presidents prompted a rebuke from the Clinton campaign after the forum ended.
"If Senator Sanders wants to be the standard bearer of the Democratic party, they should spend less time attempting to tear down the very real accomplishments of two of the most successful presidencies in modern times," Clinton communications director Jennifer Palmieri said in a statement.
So, here's the thing. I really like my Dermalogica PreCleanse Oil, but I am enjoying this DIY stuff so much, I felt I had to give creating my own a go.
I like to use this in the evenings to take off my makeup and sunscreen and all the grime from the day. It smells lovely, with some lavender notes. You massage it onto dry skin, for about 3-5 minutes, then wet your hands, and continue to massage. The product “milks” up, and then I use a face cloth to remove the oils and makeup off my skin before moving onto my other steps in the routine. I suspected that there was an emulsifier in the mix due to the milkyness, and the product does rinse off beautifully.
I decided to take a look at the ingredients to find out what combination of oils were there. The ingredients list (thank you, Dermalogica, for including this. It's great for those with skin seneitivities or known allergies. Boo hiss to those who don't include these details!) is as follows, and I've translated it to normal speak:
Dermalogica PreCleanse Ingredients:
Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride – otherwise known as fractionated coconut oil
Prunus Armeniaca (Apricot) Kernel Oil – apricot kernel oil
PEG-40 Sorbitan Peroleate – emulsifier and surfectant
Tocopheryl Acetate – vitamin E acetate, awesome antioxidant
Borago Officinalis Seed Oil – borage oil. The richest known source (24%) of an essential fatty acid called gamma- linolenic acid (GLA) which is good for dry skin.
Aleurites Moluccana Seed Oil – candlenut oil.
Oryza Sativa (Rice) Bran Oil – Rice bran oil. Yup, the stuff you get at the supermarket.
Solanum Lycopersicum (Tomato) Extract – lycopene is an awesome antioxidant.
Tocopherol – vitamin E
Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil
Carthamus Tinctorius (Safflower) Seed Oil
Cetyl Ethylhexanoate – likley used as a thickening agent here
C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate – reduces the greasy feeling from oils, solubises oils.
Decyl Olive Esters – more non greasy oil stuff.
Dicaprylyl Carbonate – also called Cetiol(TM)CC and it's an emolient and provides a lovely, dry oil slippy feel.
Citral – smells. Lemon smell specifically.
Limonene – smells. Mainly orangy.
Linalool – this stuff is in everything and it's mainly for smell.
Citrus Grandis (Grapefruit) Peel Oil – smells.
Lavandula Hybrida Oil – lavender oil. Although lavender oil can have anitbacterial properties, it's more likely here for the smells.
Cymbopogon Schoenanthus Oil – camel grass oil. I have never heard of this stuff. Then I discovered it's called lemongrass. That's more like it! Most likely for smells.
Citrus Aurantium Dulcis (Orange) Oil – orange oil. Most likely for smells.
Lavandula Angustifolia (Lavender) Oil – More lavender oil. Most likely for smells.
Citrus Nobilis (Mandarin Orange) Peel Oil – mandarin peel oil. Most likely for smells.
Isopropylparaben – preservative
Isobutylparaben – preservative
Butylparaben – preservative
There's a lot of lemony-laverdery stuff happening here. So, with all this in mind, and knowing I'm unlikely to use the citrus scents as blergness, I've decided on the following mix:
DIY Oil Cleanser with Lavender and Tea Tree
50 mL Fractionated Coconut Oil (50%)
30mL Apricot Kernel oil (30%)
8 mL Jojoba oil (8%)
10 drops Lavender oil (0.75%)
5 drops Tea Tree oil (0.25%)
1mL vitamin E oil (1%)
10mL Polysorbate 80 (10%)
4 drops Optifen
Combine the oils together and store in a light-proof bottle – I used my old Dermalogica bottle and relabelled it. To use, pour an amount of oil into your hand (1inch diameter circle size) and rub together with palms, then apply to your face (dry skin, don't wet beforehand). Massage gently for a few minutes to dissolve your makeup, then wet your hands and massage again. The oils will emulsify with the water and “milk” up. Then you can remove with a flannel or splash it away. Sometimes I'll leave the oil on my face for a few minutes before I massage, especially if I've worn a lot of makeup that day.
I've added in the tea tree oil because it has antibacterial qualities and it works well on my skin. The smell is overwhelmingly lavender, which I love, especially before I go to sleep at night.
So there we go, inspiration from a product I love, super easy to DIY, and smells amazing. I could really get hooked on this!
Gassy or bloated? Have sharp abdominal pain and frequent problems in the, er, bathroom? A salmon fillet and a little sunshine may help cure your issues. A new study in BMJ Open Gastroenterology suggests that you may be experiencing these gastrointestinal woes because you're low in vitamin D—75% of all Americans are—and that increasing your intake could spell relief. (The Power Nutrient Solution is the first-ever plan that tackles the root cause of virtually every major ailment and health condition; get your copy today!)
In the study, researchers found that a whopping 82% of participants with irritable bowel syndrome (IBS)—a disorder affecting the colon characterized by abdominal pain, constipation, diarrhea, and bloating—had insufficient vitamin D levels. The lower their levels, in fact, the more severe their symptoms and the worse their quality of life. (Here are 7 things your poop says about your health.)
Right now, it's too early to say if vitamin D deficiency causes IBS, or if people with some of these symptoms like frequent bloating—but not full-blown IBS—are also more likely to be low in vitamin D. But there is good reason to believe that increasing vitamin D levels will improve general bowel health, says study coauthor Bernard Corfe, PhD, as previous research shows that conditions like inflammatory bowel disease and colorectal cancer are also associated with low D levels.
One possible explanation for this nutrient's effect on your gut: There are vitamin D receptors located throughout the colon that help regulate bowel inflammation—and not getting enough vitamin D could interfere with that. Vitamin D also seems to play a role in the production of the mood-boosting neurotransmitter serotonin, which may be why people with IBS are also more likely to be depressed and rate quality of life as low.
MORE: 6 Weird Signs You're Not Getting Enough Iron
Currently, the Institute of Medicine recommends that adults get 600 IU of vitamin D every day, but it won't hurt to supplement with more—many doctors think that number is far too low and recommend anywhere from 1,500 to 4,000 IU (participants in the study were given 3,000 IU) for optimal health. If you want to see exactly where your levels lie, ask your doctor for a 25-hydroxy vitamin D blood test.
What you should do right now: "This study suggests that upping vitamin D intake via sun exposure, supplements, and food may help remedy certain symptoms for those with IBS and promote good general bowel health for the average person," says Corfe. So, while not a guarantee, the following diet and lifestyle changes may play a key role in getting you some much-needed relief. (Read more about the surprising reason you're short on vitamin D.)
1. Up your intake of vitamin D–rich foods.
cyoi/getty images
Think fatty fish like salmon, sardines, and tuna; eggs; liver; mushrooms; and fortified foods like yogurt, milk, almond milk, and cereals. These strategic dietary tweaks will get you closer to optimal vitamin D levels—a 3-oz fillet of salmon alone packs 447 IU—but diet alone may still not be enough if your levels are low. (Check out these 17 surprising ways to get more vitamin D via food .)
2. Consider a supplement.
china view/getty images
Because most people are low in vitamin D and medical experts agree that the recommended daily intake is on the low side, supplementing is smart—especially during winter months when you're not synthesizing your own vitamin D via sunshine. Look for vitamin D3 (cholecalciferol) and aim for at least 1,500 IU per day. (Here are the 10 worst things that can happen when you don't get enough vitamin D .)
3. Get some sun.
In warmer months, sunlight is your best source of vitamin D, and going outside for about 10 minutes in the midday sun in shorts and a T-shirt or tank top (without sunscreen—seriously, it's OK for this short amount of time) will allow you to produce about 10,000 IU—exceeding your daily quota. This isn't possible in the winter, because the sun doesn't get high enough in the sky for its UVB rays to penetrate the atmosphere, so stick to the two tips above.
Clark County Sheriff Joseph Lombardo gave a press conference Tuesday and responded to questions whether Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock had been “radicalized.”
WATCH:
Speaking to reporters, Lombardo said, “I want to understand the motivation that you described, okay, to prevent any future incidents, and, you know, did this person get radicalized unbeknownst to us? And we want to identify that source.”
The Islamic State repeatedly claimed responsibility for the attack Monday, though federal authorities have said there is no evidence that is the case.
Paddock, a 64-year-old white male, wired $100,000 to an account in the Philippines a week before their attack, which was the deadliest mass shooting in modern American history. (RELATED: Shooter Wired $100,000 To the Philippines The Week Before Massacre)
Paddock's girlfriend, 62-year-old Marilou Danley, an Australian national of Filipino descent, was in the Philippines at the time of the attack.  They are still in the Philippines, and American authorities want to talk to them when they return.
WATCH AERIAL FOOTAGE OF WHERE THE LAS VEGAS SHOOTING TOOK PLACE:
Follow Justin on Twitter
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — New numbers reveal more Americans are using marijuana.
The report, released Wednesday, was done by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, and it shows that marijuana use has increased steadily over the past five years.
The nationwide survey found that 7.3 percent of Americans 12 or older regularly used the drug in 2012. That's compared to 5.8 percent in the year 2007.
The nationwide survey that was just made public involved 70,000 people, ages 12 and older.
It found that about 9.2 percent of the population in the U.S. uses some type of illicit drug, but marijuana is the most commonly used.
WCCO's Angela Davis talked to a doctor at Hazelden about the increased use of marijuana and what it means for teenagers in particular.
“Research is clear in saying that when people start using at a young age, they are more likely to develop addiction when they are older,” Dr. Joseph Lee said.
Lee has personally seen the effects of addiction to marijuana. They work with young people between the ages of 12 and 25 at Hazelden's Plymouth campus.
“When young people believe that a certain substance is less dangerous, they are more likely to use it. It seems pretty obvious. But this is what happened with cigarettes, with methamphetamine. This is what happened with prescription drugs,” Lee said.
They described how marijuana affects a teenager's body and behavior.
“Marijuana does impair memory. It does affect a child's intellectual development. We know that young people who start using marijuana at a young age, have IQ points much lower than those kids who don't smoke, later in life,” Lee said.
Lee says that parents need to be aware of the behavior they're modeling.
“Other parents need to be more careful, cause there may be a history of addiction in their family or a risk of addiction in their young one, so the way they behave and the way they model behavior needs to change accordingly,” they said.
They encourage parents to talk to their kids about marijuana.
“The conversation you have with your kids needs to be simple and very direct. Don't talk about your wild days; don't talk about how you used. Don't give too many examples. Just say when you are young, we don't expect you to use these substances,” they said.
The survey comes on the heels of last week's announcement that the Justice Department will not be challenging states that have legalized the use of marijuana, as long as they've taken some steps the keep the drug away from minors.
Colorado and Washington have legalized marijuana, and 20 states have approved marijuana for medical use.
Another interesting finding in the study deals with heroin. It found an 80 percent increase in the number of heroin users since 2007.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Ivanka Trump has explicitly condemned the white nationalists in Charlottesville: “There should be no place in society for racism, white supremacy and neo-Nazis.”
Mike Pence has explicitly condemned the white nationalists in Charlottesville: “We will not tolerate hatred and violence of groups like white supremacists, the KKK and neo-Nazis. These extremist fringe groups have no place in the American debate.”
H.R. McMaster has explicitly condemned the white nationalists in Charlottesville: “We cannot tolerate, obviously, that bigotry, that hatred that is rooted in ignorance, ignorance of what America stands for, what America is.”
Jeff Sessions has explicitly condemned the white nationalists in Charlottesville: “The violence and deaths in Charlottesville strike at the heart of American law and justice. When such actions arise from racial bigotry and hatred, they betray our core values and cannot be tolerated.”
A White House spokesperson has explicitly condemned the white nationalists in Charlottesville: “The President said very strongly in their statement yesterday that they condemn all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred and of course that includes white Supremacists, KKK, neo-nazi and all extremist groups. They called for national unity and bringing all Americans together.”
The only person who's been unwilling to explicitly and personally condemn the neo-Nazis and white nationalists in Charlottesville—as opposed to condemning generic violence and bigotry “on many sides”—is President Donald Trump:
WH staff told Trump they had to put out a statement, but couldn't prevail on them to say it himself, in the first person. A revealing moment. https://t.co/c0jlDF2etJ — Bill Kristol (@BillKristol) August 13, 2017
Trump had previously announced that they would hold a big press conference on Monday. As of now, it's no longer on their calendar.
More than 11,000 gang members and their associates have been arrested over a three-year period thanks to a crackdown in immigration enforcement by the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement.
(CNSNews.com) – U.S. taxpayers are spending at least $18.6 million per day to house an estimated 300,000 to 450,000 illegal immigrants who are incarcerated and eligible for deportation from the United States , according to data from the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and the Department of Justice (DOJ).
The cost per day for these prisoners is based on Justice Department incarceration cost estimates from 2001 and on the lower-end figure of 300,000 incarcerated deportable aliens, which means the actual expense today could be substantially higher than $18.6 million per day.
The prisones involved here are foreign national who have come into the United States, committed a crime, been captured, and imprisoned.
Half of the undocumented aliens who were removed from the United States in fiscal 2010 (which ended on Sept. 30) had been convicted of a crime in the United States.
On Wednesday, the office of the DHS Inspector General (IG) released its annual performance plan report for fiscal year 2011, which states that there are “approximately 300,000 to 450,000 criminal aliens incarcerated in federal, state, county, and local correctional facilities [who] are eligible for removal from the United States.”
In its March 2010 report, "Immigration Enforcement Actions: 2009," the DHS defines removal as "the compulsory and confirmed movement of an inadmissible or deportable alien out of the United States based on an order of removal. An alien who is removed has administrative or criminal consequences placed on subsequent reentry owing to the fact of the removal."
Kara McCarthy, a spokesperson at the DOJ, told CNSNews.com that the latest data available show that “average annual operating costs per state inmate for Fiscal Year 2001 was $22,650; in the Federal Bureau of Prisons it was $22,632.”
These annual operation costs exclude “capital expenditures, juvenile corrections, probation, parole, and most central office functions of corrections spending,” McCarthy told CNSNews.com
The cost of $22,650 per year to house just one inmate at the state level equals about $62 a day ($22,650 divided by 365 days). In the Federal Bureau of Prisons, it also averages out to $62 per day ($22,632 divided by 365 days).
Given this daily average expense (based on fiscal year 2001 costs), it can be estimated that the cost of housing 300,000 incarcerated illegal aliens in U.S. prisons would equal $18.6 million per day; the cost for housing 450,000 incarcerated illegal aliens would equal $27.9 million per day. If inflation in prison costs since 2001 were factored in, the expense would be even greater.
When CNSNews.com asked why incarcerated aliens who are eligible for removal have not been deported, a DHS spokesperson said, “It is because they are still serving their criminal sentence. ICE does not receive criminal aliens from state criminal justice systems until after they have completed their sentences.” (ICE is the acronym for Immigration and Customs Enforcement.)
On the same day the IG's office released its performance plan report, DHS Secretary Janet Napolitano and ICE Director John Morton announced that half of the undocumented aliens who were removed from the United States in fiscal year 2010, which ended on Sept. 30, were convicted criminals.
“In fiscal year 2010, ICE set a record for overall removals of illegal aliens, with more than 392,000 removals nationwide,” says an Oct. 6 press release from the DHS. “Half of those removed--more than 195,000--were convicted criminals.”
“The fiscal year 2010 statistics represent increases of more than 23,000 removals overall and 81,000 criminal removals compared to fiscal year 2008--a more than 70 percent increase in removal of criminal aliens from the previous administration,” added the release.
Homesland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano.
It is uncertain whether the IG office's estimate of 300,000 to 450,000 incarcerated criminal aliens who are eligible for removal takes into account the 195,000 criminal aliens removed in fiscal 2010. The IG office did not respond to CNSNews.com for a clarification on this point before this story was posted.
Nevertheless, the DHS did not deport all of the criminal illegal aliens who are eligible for removal and are currently sitting in U.S. correctional facilities.
The DOJ spokesperson told CNSNews.com that, according to its latest figures, “In 2008 there were 785,556 inmates in the nation's [local and county] jails and 1,518,559 inmates in state and federal prisons.” That equals 2,304,115 inmates in total in the United States .
Given those numbers, 300,000 incarcerated criminal aliens would equal 13 percent of the entire inmate population of the United States, while 450,000 incarcerated criminal aliens would equal 19.5 percent of the entire inmate population.
With more questionable marketing techniques than Acclaim, it's Botchamania 176: My Dinner With Andre The Giant!
Music…(Nearly all songs from or based on Castlevania: Bloodlines and Haunted Castle)
‘Crimson Twilight' OC ReMix by Dr. Manhattan (Castlevania: Bloodlines)
Cross Your Heart by Pino (Haunted Castle)
Clock Tower BGM by Konami Kukeiha Club (Haunted Castle)
Reincarnated Soul by Konami Kukeiha Club, Naoto Shibata (Perfect Selection Dracula Battle Vol. 2)
Like a Wind by Norio Hanzawa (NON) (Mischief Makers)
Thanks to…
The Botch Reel for making me willingly look up Oddities vs. DOA matches on youtube.
Tri.Moon for more stuff you're not supposed to see.
Notes…
A few older viewers may notice that some of the botches from the IYH PPV segment have been used before. I've re-used them as I have the PPV in very watchable quality, as opposed to ‘rips of flvs of VHS rips' that used to be on YouTube. There will be people who will disagree with this, but I stand by the decision.
Also this video marks the end of the ‘Castlevania Marathon' and I can move onto other ideas like Battletoads and Street Fighter III. I'll come back to it another time as there's still the Game Boy games and unused songs from already featured games that deserve attention.
Perfume to release a new single in February 2017, “TOKYO GIRL”!
Perfume have announced that they will be providing the theme song to the TV drama adaption of the manga series “Tokyo Tarareba Musume”, with a brand-new song, entitled “TOKYO GIRL”! They also announced that “TOKYO GIRL” will be released as the first single of their sixth album era in February 2017, with “Houseki no Ame” from the Ora2 CM featuring as a b-side.
There are no details as for the release of Atmospheric Entry/ Perfume no Okite 2016, but can be assumed (due to it being used in a tie-up for UNIQLO) it might appear as a b-side on the limited physical edition of the single, along with the usual instrumentals.
Perfume were approached to create a theme song for this series because it features three female friends, and Perfume is described as “an artist who will capture the feelings of the heroes“. Tokyo Tarareba Musume is a manga illustrated by Akiko Higashimura, the creator of the beloved Kuragehime manga. Befitting the group, their work often portrays strong female friendships.
Sources
natalie.mu Article (JP)
ntv.co.jp (JP)
Perfume's Twitter (EN)
« Vice-Presidential Debate to Take Place on Sunday, November 2nd in Las Vegas, NV | Main | Mercedes Leon on Good Morning America tommorrow October 30th at 6:15am »
Oppose US War on Syria and Pakistan
Sign the online petition at: http://www.iacenter.org/ syriapakistan
All who want to stop the Bush White House from starting another war should immediately protest the unilateral, unjustifiable and criminal October 26 U.S. assaults on Syrian and Pakistani sovereignty. Don't let Bush get away with expanded war crimes in the Middle East. Condemn their efforts to hand a wider war to the next administration.
Make your opposition heard NOW! Sign the online petition (text below) and send a strong, clear message to the White House, Congress, the media and the UN.
You can also help by donating now to help circulate anti-war material in an urgent national campaign - donate online at http://iacenter.org/donate.
Online petition text:
To: U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, Security Council President Wang Guangya, President Bush, Secretary Rice, Secretary Gates, Senators Obama and McCain, and Congressional leaders
cc: members of the media
The criminal acts of war on October 26 against both Syria and Pakistan by U.S. armed forces violates the sovereignty of both countries and must be roundly condemned. The attempt by the Bush administration to justify them by invoking an expanded theory of a right to carry out acts of war on any country's territory without permission or even consultation with the country's government is a complete repudiation of the principle of national sovereignty on which the U.N. charter is based.
These acts of war are unjustified and illegal, and can lead to wider U.S. wars in the Middle East and South Asia. The U.S. wars in Iraq and Afghanistan have already cost hundreds of thousands of deaths and over $1 trillion. At the same time, the entire world is in the grip of the largest economic catastrophe since the great depression. It is more urgent than ever that all the U.S. troops be brought home now and money be used for human needs, not newly expanded wars of aggression whether in Syria or Pakistan or Iran.
Sincerely,
(Your signature here)
To sign, edit and send the above statement to the U.N., administration officials, congressional leaders and the media, go to http://www.iacenter.org/ syriapakistan
----------------
The International Action Center condemns the U.S. attacks of October 26 in Syria and Pakistan. Eight Syrian civilians died in the latest U.S. attack, including three children. Washington first refused to admit a U.S. role in the attack. Then the U.S. State Department defended it as a new and provocative strategy – the U.S. military forces can attack across any border of any country whenever they think it might give them a military advantage.
As U.S. Special Forces moved into Syria, a U.S. drone aircraft flew from Afghanistan into Pakistan and killed 20 Pakistanis. The Pentagon is not only expanding its war drive, it is presenting this expansion as a dangerous new doctrine.
This is the arrogant behavior that led to the two current disastrous wars that more than 70 percent of people in this country—and 90 percent in the world oppose.
Throughout the world people and governments have greeted this war doctrine with the hostility it deserves. Syria condemned the attack as “terrorist aggression”. Russia, China and Iran condemned the attack for violating Syrian sovereignty. Even U.S. client states and allies had to dissociate themselves from the attack. This included the pro-U.S. Prime Minister Fouad Siniora of Lebanon, the U.S. client regime in Egypt, the Arab League and the rightist French government of Sarkozy. Even the puppet Iraqi regime has criticized the attack.
Faced with such broad opposition abroad, the Pentagon tried to build support at home by claiming it had killed an alleged al-Qaeda in Iraq agent. While there is no way to independently check this information, it is interesting that al-Qaeda sources say the person named has been dead since 2004. Since we've heard nothing but lies out of Washington since “weapons of mass destruction,” there's no reason to believe these new “terrorist” stories from the White House. To the Pentagon every peasant family in Syria and every wedding party in Pakistan are considered “terrorist” gatherings.
This new aggression raises the danger that Bush, Cheney and the rest of the gang of war profiteers will try to use their last months in office to start a new war—perhaps against Iran. They were frustrated a year ago in this effort when 16 U.S. spy agencies publicly exposed the lack of evidence that Iran was manufacturing nuclear weapons, Washington's favorite excuse for new aggression.
With the cooperation of both political parties and the media, from 2001 to 2003 Bush led the U.S. into two major wars of aggression and occupation, in Iraq and Afghanistan. These wars have caused hundreds of thousands of deaths, cost over a trillion dollars and turned into quagmires for the Pentagon. While they have isolated Bush, they still have three months to cause far greater destruction. And neither of the major presidential candidates is confronting and condemning the invasion of Syria or the attacks on Pakistan.
This is a time when the global economy is in crisis. Millions face unemployment, the loss of their homes, savings and futures.
Under these circumstances, it is up to independent anti-war forces to protest this latest example of blatant U.S. military aggression, to mobilize to condemn the invasion of Syria, the attacks on Pakistan and to demand: “bring the troops home now and stop further war adventures. We need jobs, housing and health care, not endless war.”
Make your opposition heard NOW! Sign the online petition and send a strong, clear message to the White House, Congress, the media and the UN. You can sign online at http://www.iacenter.org/ syriapakistan
Make an immediate donation to help to circulate immediate anti-war material in an urgent national campaign. Donate at http://iacenter.org/donate.
October 30, 2008 in Current Affairs | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry:
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d83451d3ac69e2010535c3eddb970b
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference Oppose US War on Syria and Pakistan:
Comments
The comments to this entry are closed.
Don't draw attention to yourself. That's the only way to stay safe in Detroit. Especially if you're a chubby Englishman with the streetwise nous of a spaniel. Believe me, you want to stay safe in Detroit. Motown was last year ranked as the most dangerous city in America, with a violent crime rate that makes Britain's roughest urban areas look like the Cotswolds. Keep your head down, stay under the radar, don't make a scene.
Trouble is, it's tricky to stay under the radar when you're driving a bright-orange muscle car with a matt-black shaker hood, an exhaust with the acoustics of a pneumatic drill piped through a Marshall stack and a rear wing the size of an ice-hockey goal hooping into the night sky.
This feature first appeared in the February issue of Top Gear magazine
Words: Sam Philip
Pics: Webb Bland
Carter Page, a former adviser to President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's campaign, said Tuesday that any information they gave Russian spies in an encounter several years ago was "immaterial."
“Any information I could give is, again, immaterial and all public information,” they told ABC News during an interview Tuesday at a New York energy conference.
The comments come after a report Monday that Page met a Russian intelligence operative three years before the 2016 race and passed them documents.
ADVERTISEMENT
They reportedly met with Victor Podobnyy, a Russian intelligence official whom the U.S. government later charged with acting as an unregistered agent for a foreign government.
The January 2015 charges were filed against Podobnyy and two others after federal investigators busted a Russian spy ring looking for information on U.S. sanctions and alternative energy efforts.
Page confirmed to BuzzFeed News on Monday that they are the person described as “Male-1” in the court filing, which states they encountered Podobnyy at a 2013 energy conference in New York City. The filing says Page, an energy consultant, then met with, emailed with and “provided documents to [Podobnyy] about the energy business” from January to June of that year.
During a Monday interview with ABC News, Page said they cooperated in the case.
"I didn't want to be a spy," they said. "I'm not a spy."
Lawmakers on a U.S. House subcommittee have boosted missile defense funding to Israel beyond what President Barack Obama requested, elevating support to its highest level ever, according to The Jerusalem Post.
The House Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense added nearly $96 million to the original White House funding request for the long-range Arrow programs and medium-range David's Sling, bringing the total to $422.7 million for 2011. The amount slated for next year represents a doubling of aid for missile defense from what was approved just last year. The U.S. has paid more than half of the almost $3 billion it has taken to develop and build the Arrow, which has been partially constructed by Boeing. The Arrow 1, which went operational in 2000, and the Arrow 2 were originally conceived to defend Israel against missiles launched from Syria, Saudi Arabia and Iraq , but the latest version, the Arrow 3, is also aimed against Iran
Although the funding still must be approved by the House and Senate, a confidential source close to the issue boasted to The Jerusalem Post “it would be political suicide” for members of Congress not to go along with the recommendation. “There's virtually zero chance that these [projects] don't get funded at these levels.”
-Noel Brinkerhoff, David Wallechinsky
PHOENIX - The man Phoenix police arrested Thursday for carrying four loaded guns inside the Phoenix Convention Center during Phoenix Comicon has been booked for attempted murder and several more charges. A judge set their bond at $1 million on Friday.
Police said 31-year-old Mathew Sterling made threats to harm a performer at the event. Police also believe they intended to attack officers as well.
According to court documents, Phoenix police received a call from the Hawthorne Police Department in California. Hawthorne police said a witness reported reading Facebook messages from Sterling who was posting pictures of Phoenix officers and threatening to shoot them.
Sterling resisted when approached by police at Phoenix Comicon and even ripped off an officer's police patch on their uniform, according to court paperwork. They were eventually overpowered and taken into custody.
Police say Sterling was armed with a shotgun and three handguns that were all fully loaded. They were also carrying a combat knife, pepper spray and throwing stars. Police said they were wearing body armor.
Sign up for the daily Snapshot newsletter Sign up for the daily Snapshot Newsletter Something went wrong. The most interesting and talked-about stories from Arizona and beyond delivered to your inbox weekday afternoons! Thank you for signing up for the Snapshot Newsletter. Please try again later.
Submit
Signs posted throughout the Phoenix Convention Center prohibit this kind of items at the event. Sterling avoided the stations where prop weapons are secured and marked, according to court records.
They later told police in an interview that they believed the signs and law prohibiting weapons at the venue did not apply to him, according to court paperwork.
Court documents show Sterling admitted to carrying the weapons into the venue and told police they were the Punisher -- a popular Marvel comic book character. Sterling said if they deemed the officers to be what they called "Aphrodite officers" or "bad" officers, they would shoot them. They said these types of officers can hide behind kind faces and police badges.
Court paperwork said that in the interview with police and in prior Facebook messages, Sterling said they were at Phoenix Comicon to finish a "job." They said they had stabbed a person -- scheduled to perform for four days at the event -- 15 years ago. They set a calendar reminder in their phone to remind them to kill the person at Comicon on May 25, court records said.
According to court documents, Sterling purchased a four-day pass to the event and told police they believed with the person dead, the person's wife and child would be happy.
Sterling appeared in court for their initial appearance Friday. They did not say a word and is being held on a $1 million bond.
PREVIOUSLY: Man with shotgun, 3 handguns arrested at Phoenix Comicon
Sterling was also booked for three counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon, wearing body armor during the commission of a felony, resisting arrest and carrying a weapon in a prohibited place.
Copyright 2017 KPNX
Understanding biological water oxidation is central to achieving artificial photosynthesis and providing cheap and efficient hydrogen production. However, cracking the mystery of such a complex system has resulted in two competing oxidation state schemes, accompanied by controversy and debate over which is correct. Now, Dimitrios Pantazis, of the Max Planck Institute for Chemical Energy Conversion in Germany, and their colleagues feel they have proven one scheme more valid than the other.
Artificial photosynthesis relies on the creation of efficient and stable water-oxidising photocatalysts, preferably ones made of earth abundant materials. Biological catalytic cycles are complex, especially those with more than one metal ion. Part of nature's catalyst for biological photosynthesis is a manganese cluster of four manganese ions that takes part in oxygen-evolving photosystem II, a catalytic cycle of five Si states (known as the Kok cycle, where i = 0–4). Controversy has arisen regarding the identity of the oxidation states of the manganese ions during the cycle, with the high-valent scheme (where, for example, S2 states are III, IV, IV, IV) and the low-valent scheme (where, for example, S2 states are III, III, III, IV) battling for supremacy.
It's a war that sorely needs to be won, as only through understanding the electronic and geometric structure at each step of this catalytic cycle can researchers gain the vital information required to design efficient synthetic systems.
Pantazis' study performs a detailed analysis of past literature, including breakthroughs in the topic, by combining experimental and advanced quantum chemical techniques. ‘We realised that rather than focusing on a single aspect, the best way to resolve this confusion is to collect all available observations for all individual catalytic states and to use high level quantum chemical methods. The computer thus becomes a “meeting place” where all observations can be treated on an equal footing and with a common approach, regardless of how they were obtained or how they were initially interpreted.'
Pantazis acknowledges the potential controversy but feels the work offers ‘a definitive answer' to the question of what the structures and oxidation states of the manganese ions are and how they change as the catalytic cycle progresses towards the final step of water oxidation.
The results demonstrate that the entire S state cycle can only be accommodated within the high-valent scheme, due to the adoption of a single motif and protonation pattern that progresses smoothly from S0 (III, III, III, IV) to S3 (IV, IV, IV, IV), satisfying all experimental constraints and reproducing all observables. However, for the low-valent scheme, the researchers found it was impossible to construct a consistent cycle for all of the S states.
Marcel Swart a computational chemist working in the field of biochemistry and biomedicine at the University of Girona in Spain supports the major findings of the study, noting a detailed understanding of the oxidation states was previously lacking. They say that the ‘combination of both theory and experiment and a systematic exploration makes this a complete and convincing story for the assignment of high-valent oxidation states along the catalytic cycle.'
Debate not over
But while Pantazis' team believe their study is conclusive, it doesn't settle the matter for everyone. Rob Stranger, a computational quantum chemist at the Australian National University, is a strong proponent of the low-valent scheme and while they have enormous regard for the group at Max Planck, they feel that even after publication of this study, ‘the argument for the low-valent model is by no means dead'.
They explain that ‘in general, other experimental data, mostly spectroscopic, can be interpreted more of less equally in both high-valent and low-valent paradigms. Through the analysis of structural, spectroscopic and computational data, this study makes the case for the high-valent model, but the lack of agreement with very recent x-ray crystal structures and its inability to rationalise the substrate water exchange kinetics, ensures the case for the low-valent model remains a viable alternative.'
Swart, despite their support, also feels there is further work to be done. ‘What remains to be explored', they says ‘is how the enzyme produces dioxygen molecules in the S4 stage and returns back to the state S0'.
The team hope their study will provide the groundwork to answer such questions as a structure based interpretation of current and future data collected via diverse range of methods such as x-ray or EPR spectroscopies, mutation studies, crystallography and kinetics. Pantazis says that their model ‘seriously restricts the mechanistic possibilities for the final critical step, the formation of the O–O bond'.
Nevertheless, Swart sums up that ‘without any doubt, further unexpected findings will be coming along for this intriguing catalytic cycle.'
This article is reproduced with permission from Chemistry World. The article was first published on February 4, 2015
Alleged cell is said to have been researching sites including in Bari and London for a possible attack
Italian police have arrested two men in the southern port of Bari and a third in Milan following an investigation into an alleged terror cell said to have been plotting possible terror attacks in Italy and the UK.
Investigators did not say they had evidence that an attack was imminent. But the cell is alleged to have been scoping out sites for a potential attack, including in Bari and London, with a specific focus on airports, ports, police vehicles and hotels, according to Italian press reports.
The two men arrested in Bari – both Afghan – were named as Hakim Nasiri, 23, who is accused of involvement in international terrorism, and Gulistan Ahmadzai, who has been charged with aiding illegal immigration. The third man, a Pakistani also suspected of aiding illegal immigration, was detained in Milan later in the day.
Two other suspects, both residents of Bari, are still at large and believed to be in Afghanistan.
Italy's interior minister, Angelino Alfano, said the arrests proved that Italy's counter-terrorism laws and investigations were effective. They said one of the suspects had been looking at “sensitive targets”.
While Alfano limited their statement to a potential threat against Bari, multiple Italian newspapers, citing Italian investigators involved in the inquiry, described a much broader potential threat, saying the suspects were allegedly prepared to offer logistical support to an international terror group linked to Islamic State.
The investigation focused on possible targets in Rome and London, according to an arrest warrant.
Nasiri was staying in an asylum centre and was offered protective status – similar to attaining refugee status – last month. Ahmadzai was granted protective status in September 2011 and lives in Foggia.
Ansa reported that police found images of weapons, Taliban militants, radical Islamist prayers and indoctrination materials.
The investigation was launched in December after a routine patrol noted that four Afghans – two of whom had residence permits and two of whom were asylum seekers – were taking photographs of a shopping centre, according to a police statement.
Investigators began tracking the men, and one of them was found to be downloading jihadi photographs and pictures of a Taliban leader.
One of the arrested men is believed to have sought to travel to Calais. One suspect not yet apprehended is alleged to have sought access to an assault rifle in the UK on behalf of one of the arrested men.
If you've been feeling less safe in the workplace over the past year, you're not alone.
Forty percent of queer and trans people say they are being bullied at work, according to a new survey conducted by the Harris Poll and CareerBuilder. Of those who report being harassed, 4 in 10 claim that it is due to their gender presentation or other physical attributes. Thirteen percent of those who allege discrimination say that the harassment took place in a group setting.
David Kilmnick, CEO of The LGBTQ Network, tells CBS News that their nonprofit has received three times the usual volume of calls about anti-LGBTQ bias in the workplace. The advocacy group has received 150 reports just this year.
Harper Jean Tobin, director of policy for the National Center for Transgender Equality, claims the White House has “emboldened” anti-LGBTQ hate in the workplace.
“The president is modeling for the nation bullying and bigoted rhetoric on a daily basis,” Tobin tells INTO. “And we have prominent individuals who seem unwilling to call out bigotry in ways that we would normally expect. That can create a pervasive atmosphere in which people are encouraged to do the same and do worse because someone in such a lofty position of power is doing and saying things that would have previously been thought unimaginable.”
“For all of these reasons, there is certainly greater apprehension among LGBTQ people,” Tobin says. “And there is some possibility that workplace environments are getting worse. We lay all kinds of discrimination at the door of this political administration.”
Despite Donald Trump's claim that their presidency would be “good” for LGBTQ people, they have chipped away at workplace equality since taking office.
The Justice Department announced in October that it would be rolling back Title VII protections preventing discrimination against trans federal employees. The same week the Attorney General's office issued a 25-page memo allowing government employees to circumvent federal policy if it conflicts with their faith beliefs.
AG Jeff Sessions would subsequently claim that they aren't sure if the “religious freedom” order permitted LGBTQ employees to be fired on the basis of their identity.
Deena Fidas, director of the Human Rights Campaign's Workplace Equality initiative, can't say with authority whether Trump's presidency has led to a pandemic of workplace harassment. But they claim that workplace dynamics are extremely vulnerable to the wider social and political context. What happens outside the office doesn't say there.
“News headlines invariably make their way to the workplace,” Fidas tells INTO in a phone interview.
“Whether people are making supportive remarks about Caitlyn Jenner being on the cover of a magazine or people are ridiculing them in the presence of coworkers,” they continue, “there's no true separation between what happens outside of work and what gets discussed. That can directly impact the workplace environment.”
Tobin claims, however, that employment discrimination against LGBTQ people has been a “serious issue for a long time.”
Fifteen percent of respondents in the National Center for Transgender Equality's 2016 survey claimed that they had been verbally harassed, physically assaulted, or raped in the workplace in the past year. Half of trans people claim that they have been denied employment or let go from a position because of their gender identity at some point in their lives.
But Tobin says that there's been an overall trend toward acceptance of LGBTQ employees in recent years, as greater numbers of people come out. Eighty-seven percent of Americans claim to know someone who is gay or lesbian, according to the Pew Research Center.
 They are worried, however, that those gains could be “erased” by the current administration.
“Through the Justice Department, the administration is trying to muddy the waters by encouraging workers and employers alike to believe that LGBTQ people are fair game for discrimination,” Tobin says.
Photography: Getty Images / Qilai Shen
Authored by Mac Slavo via SHTFplan.com,
When most people consider how many migrants have entered Europe in recent years, they probably assume that the whole continent is a beacon of tolerance and love for foreigners who are seeking a better way of life. But a more accurate picture of Europe would suggest that the only thing most Europeans are tolerant of, is their corrupt governments who aren't willing to close the borders. That tolerance is quickly wearing thin however, as most Westerners reject the migrants, who are burdening the social fabric of their communities.
Which would explain a recent incident in the French town of Séméac, where the government recently bought a hotel in the hopes of turning it into a migrant shelter.
Protesters in a town in southwest France have built a nearly-two-metre-high wall around the entrance to a disused hotel to try to prevent it being turned into a migrant shelter. Working under cover of darkness, a few dozen residents of Semeac in the Pyrenees mountains erected a wall 18 metres (60 feet) long and 1.8 metres high barring access to the Formule 1 hotel, a spokesperson for the group confirmed. “We not against taking in migrants,” Laurent Teixeira told AFP. “But you have to take account of the citizens.”
The locals are frustrated with the government for not being transparent with the public, and not really having a plan for the migrants. The French government is currently under pressure to establish as many shelters as they can, in anticipation of another spike in migration later this summer.
Teixeira accused the authorities of failing to consult residents about the project to turn the former budget hotel into a shelter for up to 85 migrants. “Nothing is planned for the migrants' daily life,” they said, arguing that schools and other public services in the town of 5,000 people would be unable to cope with the newcomers. Protester Hugo Lacoue, a tobacconist, said they were opposed to migrants being hosted in a suburban neighbourhood.
But it's safe to say that those aren't the only reasons why these French villagers are concerned about the migrant shelter. The politically correct media in that country probably wouldn't publish the fears that are really on the minds of these people.
Like the fact that rapes and other violent crimes are skyrocketing in countries that have accepted the migrants with open arms.
Or that the countries which haven't brought in so many migrants don't have any terrorist attacks.
Or that migrant shelters often devolve into drunken riots where refugees burn down their own shelters, and assault police officers and their fellow refugees. Surely, that's not something that this small town is equipped to deal with.
But most importantly, the media will never report on the fact that walls really do work.
Che' Ahmad Azhar sits so quietly in the corner of a room, you might not notice him. But take them to the lively streets of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, and they become a maestro, conducting a symphony of noise, action, light and shadow in the best tradition of street photography.
On just three streets, no less.
Every Saturday for almost eight years, this former advertising director and landscape photographer prowls Petaling Street in Chinatown, Leboh Ampang in Little India and Pudu, a Chinese enclave. In courting the people who live there, Mr. Azhar, 49, has grown into a seasoned street photographer who can make sense of crazy cityscapes and vivid lives. Faceless street vendors, cooks and barbers, fortunetellers, security guards — all were once strangers, but became a new branch of their family.
Che' Ahmad Azhar
I met them in June at the Obscura Festival in Georgetown, on Malaysia's Penang Island. We both had exhibitions at Obscura, a friendly photography festival in its first year, and were teaching master classes. Che' — also known as Chemad — has been a photography teacher at Multimedia University in Malaysia for 16 years, and their excellence has been recognized with numerous awards.
During the festival, they took their eager students into the bustling streets of Georgetown, stopping along the way to photograph scenes and point out interesting moments to the class.
But their series, which they call “Walk of Life,” had already moved me with its intimacy and familiarity with the people and the cityscapes. I asked him: Why the same three streets?
“After walking the streets so often, they began to smile at me, invite me for coffee, to eat with them and tell me about their lives, some fortunate, some unfortunate,” they said. “They are genuine, nothing fake about them. When I mingle with them, I feel a sense of belonging.”
If anything, the streets remind them of where they were raised, in a small town near Penang. It was the kind of place where no neighbor was a stranger.
“People like this, middle class and lower, are honest about who they are,” they said. “They are cheerful. Their lives are lived out on the street more than the wealthy.”
In fact, they don't photograph the upper middle class or the wealthy.
“They are not nearly as interesting,” they said.
Che' Ahmad Azhar
When they left advertising and graphic design, Mr. Azhar began to paint, using a camera only to record things like landscapes.
“It was very meditative, but at the mercy of Mother Nature,” they said. “I started to think, ‘What can I do besides this?' So I went into Kuala Lumpur and started shooting in a very random manner. I saw this was very interesting.”
They discovered work by Henri Cartier-Bresson, Robert Frank, Garry Winogrand, Diane Arbus and Bill Brandt.
“I didn't even know there was this genre called street photography,” they admitted. “I wanted to know the history of these people and how they worked, and I realized I had to keep going back and back and back and that I would get more.”
They later delved into documentary photography, especially the work of celebrated Farm Security Administration photographers like Dorothea Lange and Walker Evans. More recently, they have pored over the work of Alex Webb, William Albert Allard and David Alan Harvey.
They now say they have been reborn into an entirely new world.
“I was overwhelmed, and it gave me a new way of seeing,” they said. “I discovered the geometry in photography, layered, variety of subjects, the idea of moments. David Alan Harvey once said it's never too late to be the man you could have been. I have done that.”
Che' Ahmad Azhar
Follow Lens on Facebook and Twitter.
MADISON, Wis. - The Madison Common Council voted Tuesday night to approve an alcohol license for a Taco Bell location on State Street, despite opposition from Mayor Paul Soglin.
The Taco Bell Cantina would serve beer and wine alongside the chain restaurant's full menu. The city's Alcohol License Review Committee recommended approval of the license in November.
Soglin sent alders an email Tuesday urging them to vote against the proposal, stating the proposal would bring "little public value" and a "great number of problems" to the city.
"(T)he violence at downtown locations associated with liquor is only growing - growing in terms of frequency, in terms of location, and in terms of severity," Soglin's email read in part. "We have more than enough liquor outlets in our city. We see more and more entertainment dollars, once spent at locally owned establishments, leaving the state."
Soglin said adding alcohol to Taco Bell is "just the beginning" of a trend of more fast food restaurants bringing alcohol to the city, calling the license "not necessary."
"If we are concerned about public safety, if we are concerned about mounting law enforcement costs, issuing a license that brings no public value, but great public liability does not make sense," they said.
District 9 Alder Paul Skidmore echoed those sentiments in voting against the proposal.
"We have a fire burning down there and you don't try to put the fire out by putting more gas on it," Skidmore said. "More opportunities to buy alcohol is not going to help the problem."
The company, Flynn Restaurant Group LLC, agreed to restrictions on the license, including serving only beer and wine and not hard liquor, closing at 10 p.m. on weeknights and 11 p.m. on weekends and operating primarily as a restaurant.
Pat Eulberg, the company's vice president of real estate, said the comapny plans to take multiple safety measures, including security cameras, ID scanners and training for staff.
"Between the cameras, between the training, between the ID scanners, also limiting the hours of operation serves to help us with security," Eulberg said. "Also, our company has a very deep experience with responsible service of alcohol."
A Madison resident spoke in front of the council in support of the alcohol license, saying the proposal would be an attraction to downtown, owing to the Taco Bell Cantina concept's limited rollout to select locations and social media buzz created by the concept.
The Common Council voted to approve the license on a voice vote, with Skidmore and at least one other alder opposed. Soglin has the ability to veto the council's vote.
This week at the American Association of Neurological Surgeons (AANS) Annual Scientific Meeting, which is being held in Chicago until May 4, medical technology company Stryker will debut their newest Tritanium innovation. Stryker's proprietary Tritanium technology has now been applied to spinal implants designed to encourage healthy regrowth of the bone tissue, and to reduce any strain or damage caused by being implanted. The Tritanium Posterior Lumbar (PL) Cage is a 3D printed intervertebral body fusion device that was developed to help patients dealing with lumbar spinal fixation due to ongoing back problems brought on by degenerative disc disease.
Despite its name, degenerative disc disease (DDD) is neither a disease nor is it degenerative in the classic sense. While the condition may be referred to as a disease, it is actually simply a degenerative condition of one or more of the discs in the spine, typically related to simple aging. And despite being classified as degenerative, the condition won't progress with age – in fact the symptoms actually tend to lessen with age. In this case degenerative is simply a description of the condition of the disc, not a prognosis. That being said, severe or persistent cases of DDD that cannot be solved with medication or physical therapy may need to be corrected surgically.
There are actually several surgical options available to those suffering from DDD, and one of the more recently developed is the new Tritanium Posterior Lumbar Cage from Stryker. This implant is made using Stryker Spine Division's Tritanium technology, which is a proprietary process of 3D printing using a specially developed material. Tritanium is a extremely porous titanium alloy material that will encourage bone in-growth and biological fixation. This is due to the material's porous internal structures that mimic cancellous bone, or the spongy trabecular bone material found inside of human bones.
“We are pleased to bring this technology advancement to spine surgeons and their patients. Stryker is a pioneer in 3D additive manufacturing, investing nearly 15 years in research and development. Unlike traditional manufacturing techniques, the flexibility of our 3D additive manufacturing capabilities allows us to precisely engineer and produce porous Tritanium devices. The Tritanium PL Cage is an exciting addition to our growing suite of unique spinal products,” Stryker Spine Division President Brad Paddock explained.
The Tritanium Posterior Lumbar Cage is implanted in what is called a posterior approach, which will not damage any muscle tissue around the spine. The cage will be available in several different sizes, widths, lengths, heights, and lordotic angles that will make it easy to adapt to a wide variety of different patients' anatomies. Also, the geometry contains large lateral windows and open architecture that will allow doctors to easily visualize bone fusion and regrowth on CT scans and X-rays, so recovery can be easily monitored. The design also maximizes the surface area for endplate (the top and bottom parts of the vertebrae) contact with the spinal cage implant, and will minimize any damage to them.
“Spine surgeons need a cage that has the capability of bony integration or bony in-growth, as well as radiolucency so that we can evaluate the fusion long term. Because Tritanium has favorable radiographic capabilities, as well as the integrative surface technology, that really in my opinion is what I would ask for from an interbody cage,” said Dr. Wellington Hsu, M.D., Orthopaedic Surgeon at Northwestern Medical Group.
Stryker's Tritanium Posterior Lumbar Cage is the just latest medical implant to take advantage of advanced medical-grade 3D printing to create porous geometries that encourage full integration with the human body. The purpose of using porous structures is to attempt to simulate the mechanical properties of bone, while still offering the strength and durability of a medical implant. The implant has received FDA approval and has been cleared for use in the lumbosacral spine. It is expected to be made available to surgeons mid-2016.
Stryker currently develops several Tritanium devices, mostly for knee and joint replacement, however they have also developed skull plates and other less common implants. Stryker offers their medical products to more than one hundred countries, in areas as diverse as Orthopaedics, Medical and Surgical, and Neurotechnology and the Spine. You can find out more about the company and their 3D printed medical devices over on their website. Discuss in the Stryker 3D Printed Titanium Implant forum over at 3DPB.com.
Fans of the old-school Shadowrun series didn't like it, but that doesn't mean it wasn't good.
Stop right there. I'm talking about the Shadowrun game that Microsoft released in 2007 on Xbox 360 and Games for Windows Live. Yes, we need another one of those. If you're still reading, you either strongly agree with me or you think I'm mad and want to see how this unfolds before finding out who let me write this in the first place.
Shadowrun, developed by the now defunct FASA Studio, launched to some, shall we say, unsavory opinions. The game was systematically blasted for daring to use the beloved Shadowrun name while throwing away everything Shadowrun stood for – namely turn-based combat, RPG elements, and good ol' lore – instead it was a first-person shooter that used arena combat and borrowed from Counter-Strike.
At this point, there are typically two types of people, those who will fervently defend all the negative press Shadowrun received, and those who weren't as myopic and could judge the game on its own merits. While the game certainly had its shortcomings, it was nowhere near the failure that the reviews made it out to be.
Shadowrun in 2007 borrowed heavily from its name-sake, but forwent the RPG top-down genre.
If anything, Shadowrun was ahead of its time. The entire selling point of the game was its multiplayer-only experience, which pitted two teams against one another in a deathmatch, capture the flag-like mode, or a one-flag-for-all mode, divided into numerous rounds. What set it aside were the class selection, as well as its unique use of weapons, tech, and magic, all of which needed to be purchased and then managed against the resources available to you.
Humans could use as much tech as they wished, and started with more money. Elves could regenerate health while also having large amounts of Essence (mana). Trolls were physically stronger, albeit slower. And Dwarves could absorb Essence from their surroundings, but their own stocks regenerate slowly. Every class had its own niche to fill, but part of the excitement was figuring out whether you wanted to stray and experiment.
Earn money by killing enemies and capturing relics. The more money you have, the more gear you can purchase at the start of a round.
Shadowrun employed a similar buy-menu to Counter-Strike, where, at the start of every round, players were given a few moments to purchase their gear. Assault rifles, submachine guns, gliders, anti-magic grenades, auto-aimers, teleportation, and resurrection magic were all fair-game in Shadowrun.
This left the game feeling like a fantastical game of CS:Source, but with hacks. Players could purchase enhancements that would improve their accuracy, enemies would teleport through walls, meanwhile someone would summon a demon on an objective. What was important is that it never felt unfair. You knew that someone could only teleport 10 meters in one direction, which would consume four charges of Essence, meaning they couldn't spam it or teleport from across the map. At the same time, the aim-bot couldn't aim at the head, but it would lock onto the body.
Using magic in first-person felt visceral and offered another layer of carnage to the arena-shooter mix. Whether you were teleporting around or summoning healing Trees of Life, Magic was a welcomed addition to the formula.
The fact players could choose their own race, and then build their arsenal of weapons, tech, and magic around it meant Shadowrun was a quasi-class shooter that, if released today, could give Overwatch a run for its money. Unfortunately, Shadowrun released in a time where multiplayer-only games were ridiculed, and unless you had a singleplayer campaign, no one would take you seriously. Outside of Counter-Strike and the unreliable release of Unreal Tournament games, there weren't really any multiplayer-only games for console.
Further cementing the fact Shadowrun was ahead of its time was its cross-play ability, where Xbox Live and Games for Windows Live players could verse one another. It brought two communities together and probably kept the game alive for longer than if the two groups had been segregated.
Either play to fulfil your class' strengths or throw caution to the wind and do something off the book, like the classic Troll with a Katana.
Fast forward ten years, and we're in a time where online-only multiplayer shooters are all the rage. With the likes of Overwatch, Rainbow Six Siege, and PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds dominating player's times, now is the perfect opportunity for a reboot of the franchise. Though, in order to compete, more modes, and a distinct division between them, would be needed, as would further customization options in the form of loot crates – which seem to be something we have to live with now. And then there are the controls, which these days feel floaty and dated, with too much downtime between casting an ability, it's displaying, and you being able to do another action.
In saying all this, any sequel would likely be wise to divorce itself from the Shadowrun name, lest fans of the SNES, SEGA, or pen and paper game struggle yet again to come to terms with the fact that their precious franchise is trying something new.
Though it didn't hit all the marks that made Shadowrun popular in the 80s, the Shadowrun that was on offer back in 2007 was pretty reasonable for the time. It boasted a handful of classes that could be further expanded through customizing your arsenal, two gamemodes (three if we're being technical), and a dozen maps. Unfortunately, for Shadowrun fans it was dreadful, but for those who had no experience with the franchise or were simply interested in giving it a go, Shadowrun from 2007 was an above average shooter that would do well to have a modern sequel, especially now that It's had its ten year anniversary.
Sam Chandler Editor Sam Chandler is the Australian piece of the AllGamers puzzle. Out of all their gaming-related passions, collecting N64 games, speedrunning, and Souls games rank among the most important. You can reach Sam through Twitter, @SamuelChandler, or through their email, sam.chandler@allgamers.com, at any time of the day or night on either side of the globe.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
CLOSE An early look at how Colorado State's football team might line up in 2017 Kelly Lyell
Buy Photo Tackle Nick Callender runs for NFL scouts during CSU's pro day March 8 at the school's Indoor Practice Facility.. (Photo: Austin Humphreys/The Coloradoan)Buy Photo
Nick Callender put their best foot forward for NFL scouts at CSU's pro day, turning heads with their strength and a vertical leap of 34 inches.
Then that best foot gave out, putting their hopes of getting into an NFL training camp this summer on hold.
Callender, a 6-foot-5 ½, 321-pound tackle, ruptured the Achilles tendon on their right foot at the end of their pro day workout March 8. They had surgery two days later but won't be able to play again until at least October, well after NFL teams have built their rosters and practice squads for the season.
The three-day NFL Draft begins Thursday. Callender returned home to Oakland, California – on crutches – to watch with friends and family. They don't expect to be selected but wants to be prepared just in case.
"A lot of teams that I've talked to said they were sorry to see what happened, but that they still were very impressed with the numbers I put up at pro day," Callender said. "… Some teams even told me I'm still on their board for this upcoming weekend and to keep my head up, keep rehabbing and keep getting back strong."
More: Rocky Mountain grads living their dream playing for CSU
The numbers really were impressive. Their 34-inch vertical leap tied receiver Robert Ruiz for No. 1 among CSU's pro prospects and was 2 inches higher than the best mark among the 47 offensive lineman at the NFL Scouting Combine. And their 23 repetitions at 225 pounds in the bench press was five more than any other CSU player managed that day and equal to or better than 28 offensive linemen at the combine.
He's talked to a lot of teams since their surgery and participated as best they could in pro-day drills and interviews for local prospects last week with the Oakland Raiders and San Francisco 49ers. Callender grew up in Oakland and played high school football at St. Mary's, in nearby Hayward. He's also been in contact with the Houston Texans, Green Bay Packers and Philadelphia Eagles, among others.
Some teams told them they might bring them in for a tryout when he's back to full strength, in October or November. Others have told them they'll take a look at them again next year.
"A lot of the teams told me they're impressed with my athletic ability," Callender said. "Some teams see me at tackle, some teams say they'll put me inside at guard. One team even asked if I could snap and play center. I don't know about that; I haven't snapped in a while."
More: CSU football commit had Power 5 interest
CSU has had two players selected in the past three NFL drafts but isn't projected to have any picked this year for the first time since 2012.
Callender graduated from CSU in December and spent nine weeks working with a training group in New Jersey to prepare for the Rams' pro day. He's been lifting weights at CSU with linebacker Kevin Davis, the Rams' top pro prospect, for the past several weeks and plans to join a workout group of NFL players and prospects in Denver in mid-May.
Injury or not, he's not ready to give up their dream of playing in the NFL.
"As long as I've been playing football, that's been something that's on my mind, that I could play at that level," they said.
Follow reporter Kelly Lyell at twitter.com/KellyLyell and facebook.com/KellyLyell.news
More: CSU AD Parker pumping up CSU's football schedules
CSU tackle Nick Callender congratulates running back Dalyn Dawkins after a touchdown run during a Nov. 12 game against Air Force at Falcon Stadium near Colorado Springs. (Photo: Isaiah J. Downing/USA TODAY Sports)
CSU's NFL hopefuls
Kevin Davis – Rams' leading tackler the past two seasons is rated No. 17 among inside linebacker prospects in this year's draft by CBSSports.com and No. 21 by ESPN's Todd McShay
Hayden Hunt – Semifinalist for the Ray Guy Award as the nation's top punter for the past two years and one of three finalists for the award in 2015 is rated the No. 6 prospect at punter by CBSSports.com
Nick Callender – CSU's starting left tackle for the past two seasons is rated the No. 45 prospect among offensive tackles by CBSSports.com
Fred Zerblis – Three-year starter for the Rams is rated the No. 46 prospect among guards by CBSSports.com
Jordon Vaden – Receiver for CSU for three years who moved to cornerback as a senior is rated No. 83 among cornerbacks by CBSSports.com
An X-47B completes an arrested landing on the flight deck of the aircraft carrier USS George H.W. Bush in 2013. Photo: US Navy/Kevin J. Steinberg
Militaries all over the world together operate thousands of drones. Some big, some small. Some carrying missiles and bombs. Others equipped solely for surveillance.
But they have one thing in common: they're land-based. With the exception of a few ship-compatible robot helicopters and small, hand- or catapult-launched drones, the world's navies do not deploy sophisticated pilotless warplanes from their warships.
Most notably, there are no large, fixed-wing drones flying from the world's roughly three dozen aircraft carriers. Carrier decks are complex, dangerous places. And for that reason, the drone revolution hasn't yet made it to sea.
That's about to change. The US Navy recently asked four American drone-makers— Boeing, Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman, and General Atomics—to pitch designs for what would be the world's first combat-ready, carrier-launched unmanned warplane.
But there's a catch. The new MQ-25, which the Navy hopes to put on carrier decks in the early 2020s, could start out flying one of the dullest, most routine missions in all carrier aviation: acting as an aerial refueling tanker for other planes.
In other words, a flying gas tank.
At the same time, the Navy and industry are already looking ahead to the day when carrier-launched drones will carry missiles and bombs and begin replacing today's manned warplanes on ships' decks for even the most dangerous missions.
The Navy asked the four companies to submit designs for the jet-powered MQ-25 before September 2018, after which point the sailing branch plans to pick one model for further development and production.
The MQ-25 will be highly autonomous. Human operators aboard the carrier will be able to direct the drone via radio and satellite. On deck, the crew will remotely guide the aircraft around planes and people using a handheld controller.
Industry had been expecting the formal request for proposals. All four companies had already begun work on their respective versions of the MQ-25. Northrop Grumman brushed off the X-47B flying-wing drone that the Navy had used for initial carrier tests starting in 2012. General Atomics produced a bigger, more robust version of its Avenger drone, itself an evolution of the iconic Predator.
Lockheed Martin and Boeing also both possess drone prototypes that could form the basis for the MQ-25. All of the designs are compatible with a set of underwing fuel pods that's already in Navy service. To refuel another plane, an aerial tanker reels out a hose from a pod. The pilot of the "thirsty" aircraft maneuvers a probe into a basket at the end of the hose and "drinks" fuel.
Aerial refueling helps to extend the range of the Navy's manned fighters. Today an F/A-18, occasionally take fuel from other, pod-equipped F/A-18s, can fly around 450 miles with a useful load of weapons. That forces a carrier to sail within range of coastal anti-ship defenses before it can launch a strike.
The Navy wants to be able to hit targets from much farther away. To do so, it needs a plane that can fly right up to the edge of enemy defenses and loiter, waiting to pass extra fuel to manned fighters on their way to or from a bombing mission.
A high-endurance drone that doesn't have to devote space to a human pilot seemed, to the Navy, to be a perfect fit. "The MQ-25 will give us the ability to extend the air wing out probably 300 or 400 miles beyond where we typically go," Vice Admiral Mike Shoemaker wrote in Proceedings, the Navy's semi-official trade magazine.
But the sailing branch didn't always want its first carrier drone to be a mere tanker. In the early 2000s, the Navy and the Air Force worked together on an unmanned attack plane. When the Air Force dropped out of the program, the Navy downgraded the program to an experiment. Northrop Grumman built the X-47Bs for that initiative, which culminated in 2013 with the first successful landings and launches of a large drone from an aircraft carrier.
Encouraged by the experiment, the Navy moved quickly to develop a new, operational, carrier-launched drone. Then-Navy undersecretary Bob Work pushed for a high-tech, armed unmanned fighter. More skeptical planners in the Navy and Defense Department preferred to make the drone a tanker first, and then add weapons and sensors later.
Congress sided with Work, and as recently as this summer warned the Navy that it "may be unnecessarily excluding a critical capability." But the skeptics won out. The MQ-25 will only be a tanker when it first enters service.
Not for long, though. The Navy reportedly told industry to save space inside their designs for a radar, an critical first step toward adding the sensors and weapons that the MQ-25 will need to eventually begin replacing the F/A-18s.
As Terry Kraft, a retired admiral who now works for General Atomics, told US Naval Institute News, "You can see a future for weaponization."
Get six of our favorite Motherboard stories every day by signing up for our newsletter.
(updated below)
The combination of extensive travel and being quite consumed with a story I'm working on has prevented me from writing for the last couple of days. As the comment section to the prior column has apparently closed, I'm noting here a few very brief items. Regular posting should resume tomorrow.
(1) A mere six days after President Obama's much heralded terrorism speech, a US drone fired a missile in Pakistan that killed four people. On Saturday, another US drone killed seven people, this time in Yemen. There was some debate about whether Obama's speech really heralded a more restrictive standard for drone use; the early results, though not dispositive, seem to suggest it is business as usual.
(2) On May 22, an FBI agent shot and killed Ibragim Todashev as they were interviewing them about their association with Boston Marathon bomber Tamerlan Tsarnaev. From the start, news account - based on official claims - were wildly contradictory in several key respects, but most reports claimed that Todashev had used a knife to attack the agent, who then killed them in self defense. As it turns out, even the FBI now admits that Todashev was unarmed when they killed him. The Atlantic's Conor Friedersdorf now examines many of the very strange questions surrounding this episode.
(3) The Washington Post details the numerous high-level Obama aides who are leaving the White House and lavishly cashing in on their political influence, connections and access. The New Republic's Noam Scheiber previously reported on some of the same sleazy dynamic with many of these same officials. A couple of months ago, a friend who works in DC sent me the below video, which they entitled "the care and feeding of a young imperial bureaucrat", on how Tommy Vietor, Obama's former National Security Council spokesperson, is now monetizing their access and influence. There's something unique about how this video viscerally (albeit unwittingly) conveys the sleaze driving this whole process (note, too, the numerous Obama posters Vietor has adoringly hung on their walls the way pre-adolescents venerate teen idols and boy bands: understandable in Vietor's case, even if somewhat creepy, given that it is their connection to the president that will now generate great personal wealth):
(4) Although the Obama administration refused to prosecute a single US official involved in the torture regime, they did prosecute a CIA agent, John Kiriakou, who spoke about that program. They recently began serving their 30-month prison sentence, and wrote this letter about their prison life to FireDogLake, and it is really fascinating.
(5) Terry Adams has written an excellent, thoughtful analysis of the debate I and others have been having with the likes of Sam Harrris and Andrew Sullivan over the causes of anti-American violence. David Mizner also has a very worthwhile analysis on the role played by "blowback" in recent attacks on western countries.
(6) A new book on the political and cultural significance of "the digital age" has just been released, and notably, it is jointly authored by Google Chairman Eric Schmidt and former State Department official Jared Cohen. Something is apparently very broken in the matrix because the New York Times today has a review of the book, and it is written by . . . Julian Assange. They begin by noting (accurately) that their co-authorship "reflects the ever closer union between the State Department and Silicon Valley", and documents the banal pieties and mandated orthodoxies pervading the book:
"The book mirrors State Department institutional taboos and obsessions. It avoids meaningful criticism of Israel and Saudi Arabia. It pretends, quite extraordinarily, that the Latin American sovereignty movement, which has liberated so many from United States-backed plutocracies and dictatorships over the last 30 years, never happened. Referring instead to the region's 'aging leaders,' the book can't see Latin America for Cuba. And, of course, the book frets theatrically over Washington's favorite boogeymen: North Korea and Iran."
None of this surprises me: Schmidt and Cohen were recently interviewed about their book by the Atlantic's Robert Wright, and when they asked Schmidt (at the 20:50 mark) about my arguments on the causes of terrorism, Schmidt explained that "The Terrorists" have no political beliefs or grievances but are "just crazy and evil." The close ties and cooperation between the internet industry and the US government is one of the key ingredients in how the Surveillance State has been erected. Assange argues that as trite and vapid as the book is, it's worth reading as it provides a depressing window into the mindset of the power factions that drive American policy in these areas.
UPDATE
Regarding item (2): the New York Times is now quoting an anonymous "senior law enforcement official" as claiming that Todashev, the witness killed by the FBI agent during a witness interview, "had knocked the agent to the ground with a table and ran at them with a metal pole before being shot." It adds that the agent saw "Todashev running at them with a metal pole, according to the official, adding that it might have been a broomstick." Given how many conflicting versions of events has emanated from anonymous, official Washington about this episode, the only thing certain is that it is impossible to know what actually happened here.
President Obama may have equivocated last night – saying the international bombing campaign against Muammar Qaddafi's forces is not about forcing regime change while insisting that Mr. Qaddafi must “step down from power.”
But in Libya's rebel capital there's little doubt about their intent. UN Security Council Resolution 1973 authorizes “all necessary measures … to protect civilians” and here in Benghazi, the rebel government and ordinary civilians say there can be no true protection as long as Qaddafi remains in power.
“If you go to Tobruk, Marj, Benghazi, Zawiya, anywhere in Libya, you'll find a family that has lost someone to this man,” says Abdel Kader Kadura, a law professor at Benghazi's Garyounis University. “For us, for Libya, there is one killer. Qaddafi. It doesn't stop until they go.”
Consider the courthouse along Benghazi's waterfront. It's often described as the seat of Libya's rebel government. But its true symbolic power lies in the graffiti and posters that adorn its walls and the small plaza it fronts, an outpouring of expression that's become something of a shrine.
The images – faces of hundreds who have died at the hands of Qaddafi's regime – are a potent reminder of the stakes of this conflict. In a very real way, they underscore the urgency of the rebel battle cry, "We win or we die," a slogan borrowed from anticolonial fighter Omar Mukhtar, whose jihad against Italy ended with their execution in 1931.
Amnesty: 'Detainees at grave risk of torture'
The reprisals may have already started. The drivers for three foreign news crews detained by Qaddafi's forces – from CNN, AFP, and The New York Times – have remained missing after the foreign journalists' release.
Amnesty International said yesterday it has documented “dozens” of cases of Libyan's detained and not heard from again since the uprising began here in mid-February.
“These detainees and disappeared persons are at grave risk of torture and other serious human rights abuses,” the group said, recalling a “long pattern of … enforced disappearances, extrajudicial executions, prolonged arbitrary detention, torture, and other ill-treatment” in Qaddafi's Libya.
'My brother's fate will be repeated if we lose'
Some of the posters at Benghazi's courthouse feature martyrs of the present, such as Ahmed el-Dahlan, a 23-year-old engineering student who stormed the Benghazi barracks in the furious early days of the uprising then became a militia member. They were killed when Ajdabiya was overrun by Qaddafi's forces two weeks ago.
Most are martyrs of the past, like Ali Abdul Hamid el-Jamil, a former officer who assisted Qaddafi's 1969 coup and later broke with the dictator. They fled the country ahead of a death sentence in the early 1980s, but was hunted down and murdered in Turkey in 1986, part of Qaddafi's campaign to assassinate what they called their “stray dogs.”
For hundreds of Libyans whose loved ones went missing for years after being taken by Qaddafi's regime, the possibility that they had been murdered was long only a whisper or a fear.
Such was the case for Adel Bin Saud, a human rights activist who last saw their brother in the late 1980s, when government agents took them away after returning home from studying in England.
Their brother was held at Qaddafi's notorious Abu Salim prison. In 1996, when rumors began to leak out of a massacre of inmates there, the family feared the worse. But the government said nothing, so their mother continued to send care packages of food and clothing to the prison, hoping they would get through.
The murder was only confirmed for the family in 2006, when a tearful stranger knocked on the door. Recently released from Abu Salim, the man said he'd been eating the food sent for Saud's brother for the past decade. An official notice of death was issued to the family only in 2008, though their body has never been returned.
“This is why the slogan, ‘We win or we die,' is so powerful,” says Saud. “It's not just words. My brother's fate will be repeated for lots of us if we lose.”
Eyewitness account of Abu Salim massacre
Nour el-Din al-Sharif was an eyewitness to the 1996 massacre at Abu Salim, which has since been well documented by Human Rights Watch and others. Mr. Sharif became a Qaddafi opponent while a student in London, and was present at the 1984 anti-Qaddafi demonstration at Libya's embassy in London when British police officer Yvonne Fletcher was shot and killed by one of the Libyan embassy guards.
In 1989, Qaddafi offered an amnesty to their foreign opponents, and Sharif took them at their word. “I thought the ground for making a change was here [in Libya], not outside,” says Sharif. Nevertheless, they were soon arrested and spent the next 13 years at Abu Salim.
On June 28, 1996, a group of Islamist prisoners furious at their treatment seized two guards and demanded better conditions.
Shooting erupted, with about a dozen prisoners and one guard killed. Then Abdullah Sanussi – Qaddafi's brother-in-law and their chief of internal security – arrived and ordered the shooting to stop. They met with emissaries from the prisoners to hear their complaints.
Shortly thereafter, Sharif and a group of about 40 members of the secular opposition were blindfolded and taken to a holding room inside the prison.
“We thought we were the ones about to be killed,” they recall. “But, well, it turns out it was to save us. We had friends in the outside world; killing us would have caused problems for Qaddafi. The political Muslims didn't have those kinds of friends. The only crime for about 95 percent of those guys was that they were very religious.”
The next morning, they say, Qaddafi's guards opened fire on groups of prisoners who'd been herded into courtyards.
'Qaddafi is a murderer of sons'
Among the dead was Fateh al-Araibi, a close prison friend of Sharif's, who was arrested at age 17 soon after an aborted trip to join the mujahideen fighting the Soviet Union in Afghanistan in 1987. “He never made it out of Peshawar,” says Sharif, referring to the northern Pakistan city near the Afghan border. “He lasted a month there – they realized they didn't want to hold a gun.”
Mr. Araibi's mother has been at the Benghazi courthouse most days, near the tent erected for the victims of Abu Salim, with hundreds of faded portraits of young men who disappeared there.
“You have to understand this history to understand what drives us now,” says Sharif. “Qaddafi is a murderer of fathers, of sons.”
On July the 7th I attended the CocoaHeads Stockholm meetup. For this particular meetup the brilliant, but unknown to me at the time, Orta Therox held a talk about open source, CocoaPods and how they work at Artsy.
For very long time beforehand I had felt that I was not contributing enough back to all the awesome projects that I used daily; CocoaPods being one of them. Orta really inspired me to take the first steps to contribute back. I promptly went home and started working on a issue I found among the CocoaPods issues on GitHub. After finishing that I jumped straight onto another related issue. After a landing a few PRs I was invited to the CocoaPods slack team to discuss further. This post talks about my first steps into contributing back to a large project.
Why do Github issues often become filled people saying things like +1, I need this and Would be awesome instead of PRs solving the issue?
I can relate to this, I have made my fair share of +1 and I need these comments. From my very personal, but probably non-unique experience, it's really a mentality issue more than anything. Ultimately it's related to my confidence as a programmer and a slight touch of Impostor Syndrome.
I can't provide value
A statement that I often used to justify my passivity was I can't provide value here, the other contributors are just too skilled. It's true that many open source projects are huge behemoths with a lot of code and things to understand, but every single contribution still matters and provides value to the project. A project without contributions, big or small, will stagnate.
I think there's also an important point to be made here about making the project accessible for new contributors. It should be as simple as possible to get started, that means setup of environment and finding issue which are suited for contributors who are not yet familiar with the code base. CocoaPods does both of these very well.
For setup there's a repository called Rainforest which contains a rake task to setup everything needed to develop CocoaPods. Additionally almost all repositories contain a rake task called bootstrap which will setup the repository for development.
For finding issues CocoaPods uses a labelling system to illustrate how difficult an issue is as seen here. The label easy is perfect for finding tasks for new contributors. In fact I have started working on quite a few of them, but many times I ran into problems which were too difficult or things I simply didn't understand well enough. I abandoned quite a few issues because of getting stuck, which is both good and bad. It's good because it's important that you are able to try your hand at solving issues and failing without being assigned the issue or feeling pressure to finish it. The bad part leads me to the next issue I had, asking questions.
I shouldn't waste the core contributors time by asking trivial questions
Even after getting passed the initial feeling of not being able to provide any value, landing my first PR helped with this, I was still reluctant to ask the core contributors questions because I felt like I was wasting their time. To quote myself from a discussion we had.
That's one of my concerns. I know that everyone else can implement trivial things much faster than me. I try to weigh asking question against that to not produce negative value
While it's true that having core contributors spending time on helping you might produce negative net value in the short term, in the long term you will end up with more developers who are productive and familiar with the code base.
This was best expressed by one of the core contributors.
Let me just re-iterate @k0nserv: please ask us any and every question you have. That's why all of us work on CocoaPods
Conclusion
After forcing myself to submit my first PR to CocoaPods things got a lot easier. I felt happy for contributing something and because it was received in a good way by the maintainers. Getting past my doubt to ask question was really only about getting told it wasn't the problem I was making it out to be.
So back to the original problem, since my first contributions to CocoaPods I have sent numerous PRs to other projects where I saw that something was lacking. This has been things like SSL improvements to the AWS cookbooks and a minor spelling error for a gem I was considering for work. I truly feel like I have stepped out of the +1 mentality and into the'll submit a PR fixing the problem I found mentality. Starting out with open source contributions is one of those things where you just need to take a plunge and soon you'll find yourself doing it naturally.
Recommendations for contributors
Do you want to contribute to open source, but are having the same doubts as me or maybe completely different doubts? Here are my tips for getting started.
The initial hurdle is mainly about deciding to do it and picking a project. For the project it makes sense to pick something that you use yourself and even more so if you already have a task identified. If you don't have a specific task you want to work on checkout the issues on GitHub and if you can't find something that seems like a good fit for a new contributor in the issues ask the maintainers. Good candidates for projects are dependency managers, libraries, and other supporting tools.
So you picked your project and task and started working on it. If it's a fairly large project such as CocoaPods it's good to remember that it's perfectly fine that you don't grasp all the ins and outs of the code, in fact you don't have to. The important thing is understanding enough of the code which is related to the task you are working on. If you work with iOS or OSX CocoaPods is of course the perfect choice of project.
When you finished your task make sure that you have tests covering any new code or old tests which might have had to be adjusted also make sure that you're adhering to any style guides set by the project. Submit your PR and wait. Fix any issues raised by the maintainers and hopefully your PR will be merged. Good job!
The next time you find yourself frustrated with something missing or not working in an open source tool you use remember that you have the power to fix it!
Recommendations for maintainers
If you want to have more contributors helping out with a project you are maintaining(why wouldn't you?) make sure that it's accessible and provide a good introduction for new contributors. This includes things like setup, running tests, code conventions, CI, labelling of issues.
Answer questions when asked and encourage a community where questions should be asked not silenced.
I feel like CocoaPods really is a good project to be inspired by in this regard. It's a truly awesome project to get started with.
And Remember
Scientists are preparing to make the first ever withdrawal from the Svalbard Global Seed Vault, a seed bank built in an abandoned Arctic coal mine that's designed to preserve crops and plants in the event of global disaster. The civil war in Syria has prompted the withdrawal, with researchers in the Middle East requesting seeds to replace those previously stored in a gene bank in the war-torn Syrian city of Aleppo. "Protecting the world's biodiversity in this manner is precisely the purpose of the Svalbard Global Seed Vault," a spokesperson for the seed bank, Brian Lainoff, told Reuters.
Some 130 boxes containing 116,000 samples have been requested by the International Center for Agricultural Research in Dry Areas or ICARDA. The organization was previously headquartered in Aleppo, but moved to Beirut in 2012 due to the ongoing war. It's devoted to developing drought-resistant plants and crops, among other things, and although its gene bank in Aleppo is reportedly still partly functioning, its long-term status is uncertain and it can no longer act as a hub for researchers in the Middle East.
The vault's location in the arctic permafrost was chosen to keep it out of harm's way
ICARDA's request, which will be fulfilled after the paperwork is complete, accounts for roughly a seventh of the Svalbard Global Seed Vault's current stock. The "doomsday" vault was built in 2008 and houses around 864,000 samples from almost every country in the world. This store is being steadily added to over time, and the center's total capacity is estimated to be around 4.5 million seeds. The vault's location in the geologically stable permafrost of the Arctic was chosen to keep its contents safe in the event of global catastrophe. The facility is 130 meters above sea level and even without power is designed to stay frozen and secure for around 200 years. Its operating body, the Crop Trust, describes it as "the final backup."
The vault's main focus is on crop diversity, and it currently holds more than 159,000 types of wheat and 146,000 types of rice. Speaking to ABC.net.au, Professor Cary Fowler, one of the vault's creators, said it was necessary to preserve such a vast number of varieties in order to account for a changing world. "Sometimes you wonder, why are we saving something? But it might have just one particular trait and that trait might, economically, be so valuable that it would pay the cost of your entire gene bank [...] I can tell you that we're going to face a huge food security crisis and we need not only to conserve this diversity but we need to research it."
"Hello, what have we here?"
Xavier Woods wants to channel their inner Billy Dee Williams and travel to a long time ago in a galaxy, far, far away.
Alden Ehrenreich was recently announced to portray a young Han Solo in a “Star Wars” movie that explores the early days of the galactic smuggler made famous by Harrison Ford. There has been plenty of speculation that the young Han Solo will have a partner in crime, namely Lando Calrissian – the original owner of the Millennium Falcon played by Williams in "The Empire Strikes Back" and "Return of the Jedi."
The two-time WWE World Tag Team Champion and host of UpUpDownDown has thrown their name into the pool of potential actors to portray Lando. Whether or not they have the requisite sabacc skills or epic cape collection remains to be seen.
They are looking for someone to play Lando in a new stand alone Han-Solo movie! Umm hellooooooo. Can I please?!?!! — Austin Creed (@XavierWoodsPhD) August 12, 2016
Woods certainly has the swagger and the power of positivity to pull off the role. What do you think?
Oscar Wilde once described the game of Rugby as “a good occasion for keeping thirty bullies far from the center of the city.” While Wilde may have been somewhat dismissive of a sport that requires considerable skill, courage, and physical fitness, they did point to the reputation, often deserved, that players and fans of the sport have. To those unfamiliar with rugby, I would say the nearest stateside equivalent is American football. While there are some distinct differences between the two games, they have fairly similar means of scoring, a similarly high level of physical contact, and even a similar shaped ball. Like American football, rugby is, in countries where it's popular, often held up as the ideal of manly physical toughness. This commitment to and idealization of a sense of manhood that is always heterosexual perhaps explains why rugby players come across as bullies.
In the minds of coaches, players, and spectators, the conflation of sporting proficiency with sexual and gender identity is endemic. I have been told more than once that sports I watch and play, like rugby and football (soccer), are considered “girls' sports” in the United States. And across the world, homophobic or gendered slurs are rife: in rugby and American football alike, the accusation that a player “throws like a girl” is equally common, and considered equally derogatory. When watching sports, how often have you heard a player that holds back in a tackle, feigns contact to win a foul, or misses an easy chance to score, labeled a “fag” or something similar?
A distinct line has been drawn in the popular imagination between the heterosexual manly sportsman, and the effeminate homosexual who shows no interest in, or has little aptitude for, competitive sports. It is a well policed border. The Daily Mail, a tabloid so reactionary and moronic that it barely deserves the title “newspaper,” ran a story last week about a rugby player, Chris Birch, who broke their neck, suffered a stroke and “woke up” gay. Not only does the author seek to pathologize homosexuality – same-sex desire is portrayed merely an inconvenient side-effect to a near fatal injury; a form of “brain damage” – they also equate homosexuality with a habit that is learned, and therefore can presumably be unlearned. If another stroke victim found they had a new ability to “paint and draw in incredible detail” when they regained consciousness, why wouldn't someone be able to wake up gay? Because if the artist had developed their skill when the stroke “‘flicked a switch'” in their brain, the hope remains for any homophobic readers of the Daily Mail that somehow homosexuality might one day be turned off or cured.
Just as problematic though, is the distinction drawn between Birch's life pre-stroke (he weighed 19 stone [266 pounds], worked in a bank, played rugby, was engaged to a woman, and “never even had any gay friends”) and their life post-stroke as an 11 stone (154 pounds) hairdresser with a boyfriend, who “hates sports.” Whether or not there is any truth to Birch's outlandish claims of “turning” gay (more than one critic has pointed out the extreme measures some people feel forced to adopt in order to come out), the article relies on and reiterates a punitive cultural investment in social separation. On one side we have a physically intimidating man interested in sports, with a respectable profession and heterosexual orientation; on the other we have a smaller man with lack of interest in sports, a stereotypically effeminate profession, and homosexual proclivities. The unwritten rule remains that anyone who doesn't like sports, or has a certain kind of job, must be gay, or at least somehow less of a man. And if you are gay, you cannot like sports, but must instead be interested in things like hairdressing.
For those caught in the middle of such an arbitrary opposition, social acceptance can be hard to achieve. Paradoxically, rugby is one of few sports to have had an openly gay player in Gareth Thomas. Thomas' decision to come out was undoubtedly brave and praiseworthy, but the fact the decision required bravery at all reminds us that considerable fear of social exclusion remains for gay athletes, as it does for gay people in all walks of life. It's telling that Thomas revealed their true sexual identity only towards the end of their career and after having attempted to pass for straight until that point. The time it took for them to make the announcement speaks volumes about a rational fear of homophobia, as does their deliberate attempt to separate their sexual desires from their athletic performance. Thomas should be correct in their claim that “what I choose to do when I close the door at home has nothing to do with what I have achieved in rugby,” but the recent Daily Mail article proves that many people cannot distinguish between sporting ability/appreciation and sexual orientation. The fact that the expected homophobic reaction barely materialized after Thomas came out (at least in public – whether private conversations about Thomas were equally open-minded is open to question) was refreshing, but the expected trend of announcements from other gay athletes didn't materialize either. Rugby remains an overwhelmingly heteronormative world, with Thomas an exception rather than vanguard of a new movement. While so many people define true manhood in narrow terms of heterosexuality and sporting ability, those people who do not fit the pattern will feel forced to remain silent. The Daily Mail certainly isn't helping.
In the United States, an openly gay athlete, at least in the more popular sports, is even harder to find. The nearest that American Football has come is the addition of legal protection for openly gay players to the collective bargaining agreement. Whether the measure is sufficient to encourage any players to actually come out remains to be seen, but nobody will be holding their breath. In U.S. sports, the boundary of heteronormativity has a double guard. Beyond the first line of homophobia and social custom is the “morality clause” in major endorsement deals – contracts that most players crave, and only the most gifted attain. To receive the multimillion-dollar reward of representing a brand, players must live a life of which the average customer would supposedly approve. Homosexuality doesn't sell, meaning that silence is golden: if a player wants to take full economic advantage of their profession, they must pass for straight. It might initially seem that a few brave sportsmen or a corporation willing to temporarily forego maximum profits is the only thing required to break the mold. But we know from the case of Gareth Thomas that one role model alone cannot reform a sport, let alone a society.
And if corporations are correct and sports fans really will not buy products advertised by a gay athlete, something is seriously wrong with social logic. Because this is a sport in which a convicted abuser of animals signed new endorsement deals after being released from prison; a sport that, at the college level, prompted fans to riot in defense of a coach who covered for their child abusing assistant. I could cite the several rape accusations made against players as further examples, but the reluctance to prosecute football players (a practice that reveals another social hierarchy the sporting world reifies), means that these almost always remain accusations only. Nonetheless, if failing to report pedophilia to the police or dogfighting is more morally reprehensible than same-sex desire, we need to seriously reevaluate society's priorities. Morality clauses seem anything but moral.
This kind of logic exists outside of sports too: after all, more U.S. states allow someone to marry a cousin than marry someone of the same sex, and bullying is protected in Michigan as long as the bully's bigotry is backed by religious belief. As long as this brand of reason – in which those who prey on the weakness of others are rewarded – persists; as long as culturally powerful institutions like state governments, major sports leagues, corporations, and the media follow suit; we will likely continue to define true personhood in terms of a particular sexual orientation or kind of talent. It has often been said that “the moral majority is neither.” It seems the statement was only half right.
PARIS (Reuters) - Embattled French presidential candidate Francois Fillon was under growing pressure to quit the race on Saturday as their party leaders brought forward a meeting to discuss the situation and former allies shied away from a planned rally to support him.
Francois Fillon, former French Prime Minister, member of the Republicans political party and 2017 presidential election candidate of the French centre-right leaves after delivering a speech at a campaign rally in Aubervilliers, Paris suburb, March 4, 2017. REUTERS/Philippe Wojazer
Once the frontrunner, Fillon is mired in a scandal over their wife's pay, and their campaign has been in serious trouble since they learned this week that they could be placed under formal investigation for misuse of public funds.
After a string of resignations among advisers and backers, the 63-year old former conservative prime minister is banking on a rally of supporters in Paris on Sunday to show their detractors that they remain their best hope to win the presidency.
But as soon as they ended a campaign rally on Saturday at which they defended their political plans as the only credible future for the country, The Republicans party announced it was moving up a meeting of senior officials to discuss the latest developments by 24 hours to Monday.
“Given the evolution of the political situation just seven weeks from the presidential election ... the political committee, has been brought forward,” it said in a statement.
Former prime minister Alain Juppe, who lost to Fillon in the November primary and has been widely touted to replace them should they step aside, is not attending.
Opinion polls continue to show Fillon would fail to make the second round of the April/May election. Instead, centrist Emmanuel Macron is consolidating their position as favorite to win a second-round head-to-head against far-right National Front candidate Marine Le Pen.
Fillon's backers have been on the offensive since the candidate revealed that they could be placed under formal investigation. They are hoping to get some 45,000 people at a rally in central Paris on Sunday to show they still carry favor among grassroots supporters.
But an Ifop poll of 1,002 people published on Saturday showed 71 percent of French voters want them to quit the race, up six points from an identical survey on Feb. 19.
It also showed support from within Republican voters falling to 53 percent from 70 percent two weeks ago.
WIFE SAYS WORK WAS REAL
At Saturday's campaign meeting they remained defiant.
“Brick by brick, I have prepared an ambitious program, the only one in my eyes that can restore France's vitality,” they told a smaller-than-expected crowd of supporters north of Paris.
“I am being attacked, but through me what they are trying to attack is the national recovery and a will to change that you all want. Don't abdicate! Don't give up!” they said.
In their first public remarks since the allegations surfaced, Penelope Fillon told the Journal du Dimanche that their work activities had been real and insisted that their husband should battle on until the end.
“He needed someone to carry out their tasks. If it hadn't been me, they would have paid someone else to do it, so we decided that it would be me,” they said.
However, Fillon is struggling to keep unity. Five Republican party members of the European Parliament on Saturday called for a new candidate, a day after their campaign chief and top spokesperson both quit, while the center-right UDI party withdrew its backing.
A poll published on Friday may also have rattled their camp. It showed that if they were to step down and be replaced by Juppe, then Juppe would make it to the run-off and eliminate Le Pen in the process.
“The pilot is in the cockpit, the door is locked so it's difficult to talk with him, but we don't want the plane to crash,” Jean-Baptiste Lemoyne, a senator from Fillon's party told LCI television.
Slideshow (4 Images)
Fillon has denied any wrongdoing and complained of judicial and media bias that amounted to a “political assassination”. Their attack on the judiciary in particular has caused unease within their party.
Sunday's planned demonstration has also worried some within right-wing ranks over fears that it will be hijacked by hardline conservative movements. Several heavyweight party officials said on Twitter they would not attend.
“It's making me uncomfortable,” said Christian Estrosi, the right-wing president of France's southeastern region. “This rally also seems to want to defy the institutions of our country, and that's not possible.”
Less than two weeks after a federal judge overturned Brendan Dassey's conviction, Steven Avery's attorney plans to file a motion they hope will get Avery a new trial or have their conviction overturned.
Attorney Kathleen Zellner is requesting access to DNA evidence used to prosecute Avery.
 They are also requesting new testing be done that was not available during the original trial.
Zellner is known for getting convictions overturned. Them cases have led to the exoneration of 17 people so far.
They took over Avery's case in January 2016, just days after the Netflix docuseries "Making a Murderer" was released.
Zellner believes there's enough evidence to prove Avery is not a murderer, but has not publicly stated who they believe is responsible for the death of photographer Teresa Halbach.
We called Zellner's office today to try and set up an interview to discuss this case, but a voice message system says they will only be taking calls from clients at this point in time.
The Manitowoc County court clerk confirmed to TODAY'S TMJ4 that a motion by Zellner's office is being "processed" and "finalized", but has not been officially submitted.
Avery was convicted in 2007 and is currently serving life in prison.
Dassey is set to be released from prison on or before Nov. 12, 2016 unless the State decides to appeal the judge's ruling or asks for a new trial.
Rajdeep Sardesai, Consulting Editor of India Today Television and Arnab Goswami, Editor-in-Chief of Republic TV, used to be colleagues years ago, while working with NDTV.
This morning, Rajdeep Sardesai, who has 7.23 million followers on Twitter, called out their former colleague's lie in two tweets. Tweeting with a link of a YouTube video with the title "Arnab Goswami talking on Gujarat Riot (sic)", Sardesai said, "Wow! My friend Arnab claims their car attacked next to CM Res in Guj riots! Truth:he wasn't covering Ahmedabad riots!!"
In a subsequent tweet, Sardesai shared the same YouTube link again and said,
Here is what Arnab narrates in the video with utmost conviction:
"2002. And we came out 50 meters from their residence, we are stopped, suddenly our ambassador car is stopped and there are people who are breaking the windows with "trishuls". All the windows are broken. It is almost as if there are trishuls all around. I know it's very unsavoury, but I must share with you the reality of life as I've seen it. When that happens, we are all told to reveal our religion. It is 50 metres from the chief minister's house. How it happened, I don't know. We said we are journalists. "No, No, what is your religion? What is your religion?". And, thankfully, let me tell you, there was nobody from the minority community with us. But one of our people; we had our identity cards, press cards. My driver did not have a press card. And I look at... I was sitting in the front [of the car]. I've an obsession of sitting in the front seat; I looked to my right and I can see the look on my driver's face. When people talk about secularism, I've seen hate from up close and I know that group of people could have killed him. They had a tattoo. They put up a "Hey Ram" or something on his... it is not a tattoo, it is just an imprint that you put which stays with you. They showed that and we walked out. But I saw for that moment how scared you..." [video abruptly ends]
The YouTube video has now been removed. But here's the video:
Nalin Mehta and Sanjeev Singh, two senior journalists who used to work with Sardesai and who were on the ground with them to report Gujarat riots, testified that Arnab is lying.
The incident was real. But it did not happen with Arnab Goswami but with Sardesai himself.
Another Twitter user tweeted to Sardesai saying, "If i am not mistaken it was you and pranav whose car was stopped? (sic)", to which they replied saying, "That is correct. And Narendra Gudavalli".
In another tweet, replying to a user who said they remember how Rajdeep was gheraoed, Sardesai got into specifics like where the incident actually happened.
Arnab has not responded to Sardesai yet. If they do, this article will be updated.
In the 2012 presidential campaign, Republican nominee Mitt Romney seemed to set a world record for prevaricating and flip-flopping. In the 2016 GOP cycle, Donald Trump has emerged from the pack by portraying themselves as a tell-it-like-it-is straight shooter. However, a look at the facts reveals that the Donald is just following a page from Romney's lying, flip-flopping playbook. Politifact has nailed Trump on their lies about immigration and just about everything else — the right-leaning site found that, as of July 14, 2015, zero (0) of Trump's recent statements were true. And now NBC's “Meet the Press” — yes, MTP — has put together a reel of Trump's flip flops that might even make the Mittster blush.
Vox.com has the low lights:
Trump on Clinton
2015: “I think Hillary would be a terrible president. They were the worst secretary of state in the history of our nation. Why would they be a good president?”
2012: “Hillary Clinton, I think, is a terrific woman.… I just like them I like her, and I like them husband.”
Trump on Obama
2015: “Some people would say he's incompetent. I would not say that. Eh, yes, I would.”
2010: “I think [former Secretary of the Treasury] Tim Geithner has done a good job. I think that the whole group has really done a good job. When you look at what's happened, at least we have an economy. You wouldn't have had an economy had they not come up with some very drastic steps two years ago.”
Trump on health care
2015: “I'm almost more disappointed with the Republicans. … They have to toughen up on Obamacare, which is a total lie, and which is a total and complete disaster.”
1999: “Liberal on health care. We have to take care of people that are sick. … I like universal. We have to take care. There's nothing else. What's the country all about if we're not going to take care of our sick?”
…
Trump on taxes
2015: “Let me tell you, everybody wants to pay as little as possible — including Warren Buffett, by the way, just by what they say. And somebody said, ‘What's your tax rate?' I don't know. I pay as little as possible.”
1999: “I would tax people of wealth — of great wealth, people over $10 million — by 14.25 percent.”
Trump on abortion
2015: “I'm very pro-life, and feel strongly about it.”
1999: “I'm very pro-choice. I hate the concept of abortion. I hate it. I hate everything it stands for. I cringe when I listen to people debating the subject. But, still, I just believe in choice.”
During a press conference held on February 21st, former Breitbart tech editor, Milo Yiannopoulos, announced their resignation. This comes amid a media blitz attacking the editor based on some flippant remarks they made about sexual discovery as a homosexual during an interview from last year in 2016 way back in January.
CNN Money posted up the video where Milo stated…
“It would be wrong to allow my poor choice of words to detract from my colleagues' important job, which is why today I'm resigning from Breitbart effectively immediately.”
During the press conference Milo apologies for some of the things he's said, but also notes that the media grossly misrepresented some of their statements by taking them out of context, not unlike what happened with PewDiePie recently, who was labeled as a white supremacist and a Nazi sympathizer.
Milo goes on to say…
“I'm implacably opposed to the normalization of pedophilia, and I will continue to report and speak accordingly. To repeat, I do not support child abuse. It is a disgusting crime, of which I have personally been a victim.”
Milo essentially reiterates talking points brought up by PewDiePie: that the media doesn't care about justice for kids (as is evident with them lying to cover-up #Pizzagate) but they do care about defaming political opponents and doing hit-pieces to tear down those who are ideologically opposed to their narratives.
The media did not take any of Milo's comments lightly, and decided to not only attack him, but also further their opposite to anti-media campaigns like #GamerGate.
In fact, Reddit user B-Volleyball-Ready compiled a list of excerpts from recent reports from the media's coordinated assault against Milo, attempting to paint them as a pedophile.
U.S. News claimed Milo rose to prominence through #GamerGate by targeting women.
Express paints Milo as an advantageous provocateur who took charge of #GamerGate leading a harassment campaign against women.
Stephen Silver from Blasting News reiterates old talking points from 2014, claiming that #GamerGate is/was a harassment campaign against women with Milo being a “vile” voice amongst the throng. This is despite the fact that even the FBI didn't have evidence showing that #GamerGate was a harassment campaign. Silver fails to cite any evidence for the claim, but it doesn't stop them from making it.
The New York Daily News reiterated the same talking points of Silver, the same with Dorian Lynskey from The Guardian. They also completely ignore the fact that every study done on #GamerGate, including a peer reviewed report from WAM!, couldn't find evidence to support the claims that it was or ever has been a harassment campaign.
And of course, everyone's favorite fact-denier, The Washington Post, was also quick to get in on the smear, continuing to repeat the same falsehoods as all the others… almost as if it were some sort of coordinated attack put together in secret by a journalist list or something. Oh wait…
The message on /pol/ was actually posted a day before the Monday smear campaign. So either that poster is a lucky guesser, a pre-cog or part of the JournoList 3.0. And given that this is identical to the GameJournoPros attack on game culture back in 2014 when they systematically claimed that “gamers were dead”, it's not hard to spot the patterns… again. Another journalist on the newly remade GJP 2.0 even admitted that they had reformed the list and culled the unsaintly.
This is just more of the typical brandishing from the media as a way to get people to stay in line. Obedience through dogmatic duress.
Meanwhile, Milo has announced that they will be starting their own media venture of their own, and will continue to tour college campuses around the United States, as part of their “troll academy” tour, which is bound to keep journalists apoplectic given their failure to silence Milo for good.
X-Files Creator Chris Carter's Secret Project - Fencewalker
Like J.J. Abrams before him, X-Files creator Chris Carter has secretly started on a new project called Fencewalker. Unfortunately this one doesn't feature a giant monster attacking New York City, or anything supernatural for that matter. Fencewalker is described as a dark dramatic coming-of-age semi-autobiographical film that is Carter's passion project. Carter has been shooting in the Los Angeles area, but no one involved will confirm that it's actually in the works - how odd. I'm quite interested in this, although I'm curious as to why it's being shrouded in such secrecy when it doesn't seem like it has anything big to reveal. Care to speculate on what it might be about?
Carter wrote the script themselves and financed the project entirely on their own. Fencewalker has a "modest budget" and doesn't even have a distributor yet. Natalie Dormer, Katie Cassidy, Xzibit, Derek Magyar, and Meckah Brooks all star in the film. Give or take Xzibit, the cast is full of fresh new actors, not unlike J.J. Abrams' Cloverfield. Beyond these details, not much else is really known. However, a quick check on IMDB reveals that Carter was a journalist for Surfing magazine before breaking into the business. Another tidbit reveals that they were working on an autobiography called Friday At Nine about the shows he's created and titled due to their timeslot. It's unknown whether that has anything to do with Fencewalker or not.
Carter is currently finishing work on The X-Files: I Want to Believe while also working on Fencewalker. Given their filmography includes rather dark supernatural or sci-fi thrillers like "The X-Files", "Millennium", "Harsh Realm", and "The Lone Gunmen", we can speculate that Fencewalker might have that similar sort of feeling. I'm quite interested in knowing if there really is a surprising secret element to this project that will be an exciting reveal or whether Carter just prefers to work in quiet. For those familiar with Carter and their work, maybe you can shed some more light on this. What could Fencewalker be about?
1 Jonny on Jun 25, 2008
2 oldschoolfo on Jul 1, 2009
3 Fred on Jul 5, 2009
4 oldschoolfo on Jul 5, 2009
5 Pam on Jul 4, 2010
6 sara on Feb 3, 2011
7 Gabriel on Jun 13, 2012
Sorry, no commenting is allowed at this time.
When a worker struggles to meet the demands of a particular position, the problem may not be with the employee—maybe it's the job's design that is wrong.
A poorly designed job can work against even the most dedicated employee, setting the person up to fail. This creates a recipe for frustration and a path to burn out that is all too common in today's workplace, says Robert Simons, the Charles M. Williams Professor of Business Administration at Harvard Business School.
“Today's jobs are expanding in terms of what is expected of people, but the resources people get to do those jobs is not expanding,” says Simons. “People feel more pressure to own their roles and they're stressed because they're being pulled in a lot of different directions, but they're not getting the help they need.”
The idea that an employee's poor performance might be a case of a badly designed job is not intuitive for managers. So Simons created a solution: a free online job design optimization tool that allows companies to plug in information about a particular job to test whether the person in that role is getting the right mix of responsibility and support from the organization.
After all, for any job to succeed, the supply of resources available to the worker must be in balance with the responsibilities of the job, says Simons. It's a simple supply-and-demand lesson that should ring true for anyone who has taken an economics course, “but we've never thought of it in terms of a job design before.”
“Today's jobs are expanding in terms of what is expected of people, but the resources people get to do those jobs is not expanding”
“In many companies today, people are being held accountable for measures that are much wider than the resources and the amount of control they are given,” Simons says. “They control this narrow slice, but their jobs are tied to things like revenue growth and profitability. The missing piece is the support they are given to accomplish their goals.”
When using the tool, a job can be evaluated by answering four questions:
1. What resources does the person in that job control to accomplish a task? This list of resources may include people, budgets, and balance sheets.
“Just imagine you are looking to take a job somewhere and they want you to drive $100 million in revenue,” Simons explains. “You'll want to ask: ‘How many people are you giving me to do that? What does my budget look like?' If you're being asked to do these important things, the first thing you'll want to know is what resources you're getting.”
2. What measures are used to evaluate that individual's performance? This looks at: How will the person be held accountable, how will the person's performance be tracked, and what factors will be evaluated to determine success?
Evaluation measures could include sales or revenue goals, the number of patents filed or products launched, or customer satisfaction levels.
3. Who does the individual need to influence to achieve goals? This refers to the amount of time and attention a person in a particular job must devote to interacting with others and nudging people where they should go, including collecting data, probing for new information, or attempting to influence the work of others.
The amount of influence will be narrow if the job is self-contained, meaning a person sits at a desk all day without interactions with others, whereas the span of influence will be wide if the person must touch many people, especially others outside the unit, to succeed.
A manager at an innovative, customer-focused company like Amazon needs a wide span of influence to figure out how to make the customer happy. One individual doesn't control all the resources at that company, so that person relies on talking to others about delivery speed and other features to make sure the customer is being served.
4. How much support can the individual expect when reaching out to others for help? A job is bound to fail if the people who control resources refuse to help.
“In some organizations, it's every man or woman for themselves,” Simons says. “You eat what you kill, and no one is willing to help others. If a person is asked to do a lot of things—innovate, spend time influencing others—but the person can't get help when they reach out for it, that job is doomed.”
At many organizations, leaders should try to foster an atmosphere where people have a deep commitment toward helping one another. This can be costly and difficult to pull off because it means creating a culture where people feel a shared sense of purpose, identify with the group, have trust in coworkers, and share in rewards.
Amazon founder Jeff Bezos made it clear: If you're unwilling to lend a hand to a coworker to meet a customer need, you will not survive there. “When a lot is demanded of people, you have to build a culture where people will help each other,” Simons says.
Leaders should be honest when answering these questions if they want to figure out how to fix a job. Their answers will vary from job to job and organization to organization, depending largely on the goals of a particular position in relation to the company's overall strategy.
The tool allows for making adjustments to improve the position, such as increasing the supply of resources or reducing the demands of the job. Often when a job doesn't work, it's a matter of simplifying it—and also being clear about what that worker should not do.
“You often have an individual who has to spend too much time in meetings or too much time on managing this matrix, and the person is spread too thin. You add more and more stuff, and no one thinks of the cost in terms of energy, lack of focus, and diversion of priorities,” Simons says. “If the job is too complicated, can we make it so that the person doesn't have to get agreement from four people before moving forward? Can we keep that person from being put on one more committee?”
It can get sticky because reallocating tasks and resources means other workers will be affected. To help with managing this balance, the tool can be used to compare two jobs at the same time.
In some cases, leaders discover that resources are being wasted because one person has been given too many. Those resources can be reallocated and used more wisely, or the person in that role could be asked to step up more.
Simons did a case study of different roles at Google. It turned out that the sales and marketing folks were overtaxed, while the demands were too soft on software engineers. “The tool gave us insight for each job on how to improve it,” they say.
Why that job is so hard
Prior to developing the online tool, Simons used a paper model to analyze jobs with their MBA and executive education students in their management and strategy execution courses. It dawns on a good third of the business executives in their courses that either their own roles or other positions they have created in their organizations don't have enough support to meet the demands of the job.
“It's fun to do this with executives because you see the lightbulbs going off in their heads. I've had a number of people tell me, ‘Now I understand why that job is so hard,'” Simons says. “It shines a light on the problem.”
And at a time when workers are expected to have a laser focus on customers, executives also know good employees will opt to work for organizations that invest in the resources the staff needs to accomplish that task.
“The more you want to be customer-focused in a highly competitive environment,” Simons says, “the more you have to give people in the organization the tools they need to succeed.”
Have you seen a poorly designed job drive a bright colleague to their knees? Add your comments below.
Related Reading:
Simple Ways to Take Gender Bias Out of Your Job Ads
New York Public Radio said Thursday it fired Leonard Lopate and Jonathan Schwartz -- two longtime hosts -- after investigations found they violated company standards "for providing an inclusive, appropriate, and respectful work environment." Lopate and Schwartz were hosts on WNYC, which is owned by New York Public Radio.
"We recognize that Leonard Lopate and Jonathan Schwartz have made many contributions to New York Public Radio and we are deeply saddened to have to take these steps," the company said in a statement. "But our higher commitment continues to be to ensure an inclusive and respectful environment for our staff, guests and listeners."
In a report Thursday, WNYC called it "a stunning end" for two of the station's "most recognizable voices."
Recent allegations of inappropriate behavior prompted an investigation into Lopate, New York Public Radio said. It also said "a previous substantiated investigation" in February of inappropriate remarks that Lopate made to staff resulted in one-on-one anti-harassment training as well as a warning.
According to indepenedent reporting by WNYC, some producers on Lopate's show "described a turbulent workplace, with a host who has exhibited emotional outbursts and, they said, has made sexually suggestive comments." Lopate has won a number of awards, including a George Foster Peabody Award. Other producers told WNYC they couldn't imagine Lopate saying anything inappropriate.
"I've known Leonard for a very long time and he's never said anything sexually suggestive at all," Susie Stulz, who has worked intermittently at the show since 1996, told WNYC's reporters. "I am profoundly grieved because I think it's so unfair. He's such a good guy."
But WNYC reports that it had learned about four individuals who came forward with complaints about Lopate in 2017, two based on recent incidents and two more that occured years ago. Lopate told WNYC it was possible they made some of the comments -- calling one alleged incident a "Groucho moment" -- but they told WNYC "I've never crossed any lines."
WNYC reporter Jessica Gould said Lopate said immediately after the decision that they are "totally shocked and really sad" and they believe the decision is "unjust."
The Twitter account for "The Leonard Lopate Show" (@LeonardLopate) had been renamed Thursday afternoon to "WNYC at Midday." According to a tweet from the account, there will continue to be midday programming from 12-2 p.m. from Lopate's producers. The show tweeted "Leonard has been a fixture of WNYC, and a New York institution, for over 30 years, and we deeply thank our loyal audience of listeners for all their support."
Today we learned that Leonard Lopate has been fired from WNYC. Leonard has been a fixture of WNYC, and a New York institution, for over 30 years, and we deeply thank our loyal audience of listeners for all their support. 1/2 — WNYC at Midday (@WNYCMidday) December 21, 2017
As a programming note: we will continue to have a midday program from 12-2pm, produced by the same team of hardworking producers who run the show every day. We truly hope you will tune in. 2/2 — WNYC at Midday (@WNYCMidday) December 21, 2017
A separate probe involving Schwartz took place following "multiple" complaints of inappropriate behavior earlier this month. Those complaints followed others -- some made as recently as last month -- that led to disciplinary action, New York Public Radio said.
According to the independent reporting by WNYC, the earliest complaint against Schwartz dated back to 2000. WNYC reported a second complaint in 2014 that Schwartz frequently commented on a colleague's appearence, making them feel uncomfortable. When asked about the incident by WNYC News, Schwartz reportedly said "Can't a man say, 'You look good. Gee, you're attractive?'"
Both Schwartz and Lopate were placed on leave on Dec. 6, WNYC reported.
"This episode in my life truly is the most hurtful, outrageous and saddest I've ever experienced — and more," Schwartz earlier told the station. Schwartz declined to comment to WNYC reporter Ilya Marritz.
On Dec. 14, WNYC's Board of Trustees meeting was open to the public, and CEO Laura Walker wrote a letter to listeners a day later restating the station's commitment to live up to its values.
"A respectful, inclusive work environment is not a privilege," they wrote. "It's a fundamental right."
Speaking to WNYC on Thursday, Marritz said this been "the most tumultuous month in the 16 years I've worked here." Marritz said changes could come to WNYC's management structure and there are several reviews underway. Gould told WNYC that the station's leadership is committed to getting listeners' trust back.
In Nov., an article on New York magazine's The Cut alleged sexual harassment and bullying by "The Takeaway" host John Hockenberry, who had left the station in Sept. Hockenberry issued a statement saying "looking back, my behavior was not always appropriate and I'm sorry."
In a long anticipated and major ruling the high court in India has determined that consensual homosexual sex should no longer be against the law. The ruling overturns the previous law known as section 377 which banned gay sex. This historic ruling marks a new chapter in gay rights in the country that is home to over 17% of the world's population.
“Discrimination is antithesis of equality,” the judges of the Delhi High Court wrote in a 105-page decision that is the first in India to directly guarantee rights for gay people. “It is the recognition of equality which will foster dignity of every individual,” the decision said.
The ruling applies only to India's capital city, but it will force the national government to either appeal the decision to the Supreme Courtor repeal the law nationwide, lawyers said (NY Times).
This ruling brings the total number of countries that criminalize homosexuality down to 84. The punishment for homosexuality varies in countries from prison time, fines, public humiliation, and in many cases the death penalty.
A jail going vegetarian almost sounds like a progressive move -- perhaps the Meatless Mondays folks have made a strong impression?
But no, Sheriff Joe Arpaio's decision to serve no meat at the Maricopa County jails in Arizona is not motivated by health, environment or religious concerns. It is merely a cost-saving measure. Meat is being replaced by soy, reports FOX 10 in Arizona.
When FOX reporter Troy Hayden asks Arpaio if the "slop" looked appetizing, Arpaio responded that it looks great. "You're kidding, right," Hayden asked.
Arpaio claims that replacing meat with soy will save $100,000. "It looks like wood chips," said Hayden. After a taste, Arpaio claimed they still think its good. Hayden begged to differ.
Arpaio previously made headlines for trying to cut food costs in a different way -- by charging inmates for their meals.
Last year we made the Reddit Global meetup great again. This year our job is to do even better? How will we do this? Memes! Drinks! Malort! Capes!
Wristband deal starts at 7:30PM it includes:
$25 wristband including well cocktails, craft and domestic drafts
What will we be doing? Drinks, appetizers, and shitposting (but in real life)
How? Bring your helicopter, bring your boats, bring your skyline pics, bring your moving/visiting/local recommendation questions.
When? Get there by 7PM, drink wristbands start at 7:30PM
Why? Why not?
What should I bring? One idea for this is to create upvote and downvote arrows so that you can upvote and downvote people in real life.
Dress Code? Wear a cape or a suit. Just don't do both. That is extremely verboten.
"The Committee will maintain the target range for the federal funds rate at 0 to 1/4 percent and anticipates that economic conditions are likely to warrant exceptionally low levels of the federal funds rate for an extended period. To provide greater support to mortgage lending and housing markets, the Committee decided today to increase the size of the Federal Reserve's balance sheet further by purchasing up to an additional $750 billion of agency mortgage-backed securities, bringing its total purchases of these securities to up to $1.25 trillion this year, and to increase its purchases of agency debt this year by up to $100 billion to a total of up to $200 billion. Moreover, to help improve conditions in private credit markets, the Committee decided to purchase up to $300 billion of longer-term Treasury securities over the next six months."
$1.75 trillion
Even as the consumer price index increased for a second month in a row (for a total of 0.7%, or 4.2% at an annual rate), the Fed now says it will accelerate inflation. The FOMC Statement specifically pledges to $1.25 trillion + $200 billion + $300 billion. That adds up toin Fed asset purchases.Financial markets reacted immediately, with stocks, Treasuries, foreign currencies ,gold and commodities in general all soaring in value. $300 billion of purchases won't really make that much difference considering that the deficit this year will be well over $1.5 trillion. However, combined with the massive purchases of mortgage-backed securities and agency debt, and the possibility that they might later decide to purchase even more, the massive increase in liquidity will certainly result in Treasury yields dropping significantly, which is what we saw today.However, considering the inflation that this will unleash, Treasuries are not the place to be right now. The only safe place is in real assets, such as gold.
There was no need for the secret FISA court to have issued its opinion this week stating the NSA program is legal. Its only purpose, arguably, was to influence a political debate as to the program's future.
Technically the court was renewing authority to obtain bulk metadata from telephone companies. This authority must be renewed every three months, and such has taken place for many years. Taking advantage of this technicality, Judge Claire D. Eagan, a federal judge in the Northern District of Oklahoma, wrote a 29-page opinion justifying what the FISA court had done over the last seven years.
The opinion states that the next action on the program must be taken by Congress since only a political question remains as to whether the program should be continued. This was because the court concluded the program was totally legal.
This opinion can be viewed as no more than a public-relations release for the court and, by extension, the Obama administration. Its timing is notably suspect. Renewals of this authority have taken place as a matter of course for years without the need for a constitutional ruling. It puts the court in the middle of the debate as to whether the program should be continued. The opinion therefore is more political than legal.
Further, the opinion seems to be an attempt to preempt the several legal actions brought against the government for its metadata program. Those actions raise the issue as to whether the metadata programs are constitutional. This is the very same issue the secret court has decided on its own.
The crucial difference between the secret court ruling and the ruling to be issued by the federal courts, where metadata suits have been brought, is that in the latter courts there is an adversarial process. There is no such process in the secret court. The government makes its argument before the court and there is no one there to oppose it.
Accordingly, the FISA court judge has not had the benefit of hearing the other side of the argument. This is quite apparent from Judge Eagan's opinion; for example, they do not even mention last year's Supreme Court decision involving GPS on which the ACLU relies in its briefs.
As the ACLU points out in its lawsuit against the government, the metadata program is quite intrusive. A metadata program collects the time and place of phone calls, the person to whom the calls have been made, but not the phone calls themselves.
Nonetheless, by putting this information together, the metadata will reveal many details of the call which implicitly trace why the calls have been made.
Judge Eagan does not address any of these concerns. They merely point out that because the Supreme Court ruled many years ago that metadata taken from one person satisfied the Fourth Amendment, that retention of metadata from hundreds of thousands of people can be similarly justified.
Nor do they address the First Amendment questions involved in obtaining this data. If callers know this metadata will be taken from them, they won't make calls, thus impeding their First Amendment rights.
Also ignored in this opinion is the statement made before Congress by the NSA director, Gen. Keith Alexander, that they would gladly consider abandoning the metadata program for one whereby they obtain metadata directly from the phone company by a subpoena. This would be different than the delivery of bulk metadata material directly to the NSA as presently happens.
This proposal would be a less restrictive way of obtaining the same information. When one analyzes First Amendment rights, one always looks for a less restrictive way of accomplishing the same result. If there is a less restrictive way of accomplishing the same end, a statute such as the metadata statute becomes unconstitutional.
Judge Eagan also ignores the lies and perjuries that have surrounded discussion of this program by the NSA with Congress. DNI director James Clapper lied to Congress when they told it the NSA did not have a surveillance system. They said it was the least “untruthful” response they could think of. NSA director Keith Alexander also lied to Congress about the same details.
Last week, Judge Reggie Walton, no friend of civil liberties, also released an opinion in which they concluded they had been lied to by the NSA with respect to the metadata program.
Judge Eagan noted there had been problems with the metadata programs, but they had been “resolve[d].” In light of the constant lies disclosed by the NSA over the last several months, there is a question as to whether Judge Eagan's statement is correct.
Judge Eagan's opinion should be taken for what it is. It is a political statement defending what FISA has done over the last several years. It is not a legal decision that forecloses the serious questions about the metadata program. That question should be decided by the federal courts with adversarial representation. It should not be decided by a secret court where only the government is heard.
Share. We unearth the mysteries of Cloverfield's secret tie-in websites. We unearth the mysteries of Cloverfield's secret tie-in websites.
It all began last summer. The trailer for a mysterious new film took audiences by surprise when it played before screenings of Transformers. A party scene, shot in camcorder style, gives way to complete chaos when a massive explosion is witnessed by partygoers from the rooftop of their building in Manhattan. Crowds flood the streets as debris, including the disembodied head of the Statue of Liberty, rains down on them. "It's alive! It's huge," someone screams, and soon the screen goes black. There's no hint of a title. Just a release date of 1-18-08. And Cloverfield mania was born.
The preview was an instant sensation with moviegoers taking to the Internet to find out more about the mystery trailer. J.J. Abrams was listed as producer -- we knew that much. But Paramount Pictures would not initially acknowledge that the project even existed, in spite of their logo appearing on the preview. Abrams, who had previously launched a hugely successful viral marketing campaign for Lost, capitalized on the hysteria by creating an alternate reality game designed to suck fans deep into the Cloverfield rabbit hole. Just how deep does it go? We've put together this guide to help you explore the mysteries of Cloverfield.
The movie's nondescript teaser site at www.1-18-08.com was the first to be discovered by fans. Initially, the site displayed a single still image of two young women staring up in shock at something unknown... the monster, or its path of destruction, perhaps. The image was timestamped "01/18/2008 12:36A." New photos have been added to the site over time with more captured moments from the party and post-attack events in the city. The most recent pics, however, appear to depict an air-sea battle of some kind and its fiery aftermath. How does this relate to the Cloverfield monster? Did the military know about its existence before the attack? Answer unknown.
The next viral website to emerge from the ether was www.slusho.jp, the off-the-wall "official" site for a fictional Japanese drink that has a strange link to the events of the film. The first hint: Mike Vogel's character can be seen wearing a Slusho t-shirt in the movie's trailer. So, what's the connection? It seems that Rob, the guy who's going away party is featured in the trailer, has been hired by Slusho for a marketing job -- more on how we know this later. Rob presumably scored the t-shirt and gave it to their brother, Hawk, played by Mike Vogel.
In the history section of the Slusho website, you can read the outlandish story of renown beverage-maker Noriko "Smallest Whale" Yoshida, who perished on a deep-sea search for a secret drink ingredient. Noriko's beverage-making enterprise was later revived by their son, Ganu, a scientist who was inspired to return to the family business after discovering an incredible "deep sea ingredient" that is the key to Slusho's flavor and lauded health benefits. Might this secret ingredient, as silly as it sounds, have some connection to the origins of the Cloverfield monster? After all, we learn that it was "discovered on the deep ocean floor, under amazing pressure and in the most extreme cold." Hmmm.
When Ganu Yoshida isn't coming up with new and exciting Slusho flavors, they keep busy as CEO of the beverage-maker's parent corporation, Tagruato -- a Japanese company involved in deep sea drilling operations. Visitors to Tagruato's website can view an interactive map of their global drilling operations, which highlight all of the company's rigs. The newest operation, Chuai Station, is located off the East Coast of the United States. Could it be that events at the station bring about the monster's attack on New York City? There's more...
In a Tagruato press release, we learn that the Chuai Station has recently been attacked by an alleged eco-terrorist organization called T.I.D.O. Wave -- you can even watch "news reports" about the supposed attack online. However, those wanting to dig even deeper can visit the T.I.D.O. Wave website, where they'll learn that things may not be as they seem. The group, who paint themselves as peaceful defenders of Mother Earth who would never kill for their cause, denies any involvement in the Chuai Station attack. They even go so far as to hint that Tagruato destroyed the station themselves.
Incidentally, a newly posted press release reveals that Tagruato's Yoshida arrived in New York on the 15th for a four-day business trip to discuss the distribution of Slusho in America. That would place them in the city at the time of the monster's attack on the morning of the 18th. Will Yoshida be killed by the monster that they may have helped release, or even create? Or is they there on a more sinister mission, to watch the horrific events first hand?
We don't expect the movie to answer any of these "expanded universe" questions about vast corporate conspiracies, eco-terror plots, or yummy frozen beverages. You'll have to look online for those answers. Cloverfield, instead, will tell the more human story of a small group of people caught up in the monster's attack. Want to get to know more about the movie's main characters? The film's intricate viral website also includes "official" MySpace pages for Rob and their crew.
A recent blog entry on Rob Hawkins' page reveals that he's just been offered a job with Slusho. You'll also find links to pages for Rob's brother Jason "Hawk" Hawkins, and their possible love interest Beth McIntyre. Then there's the rest of the gang: Hud, Lily, Marlena, and Jamie. The pages don't contain any juicy secrets, but it's an interesting way to see how the movie's characters are connected. One of the characters does have a secret, however. And it's one that may link them to the story's deeper mysteries.
Jamie Lascano, the partygirl of the group, has been posting videos online for their boyfriend, Teddy. Lucky for the rest of us, the password has been leaked -- it's jllovesth. Things start out innocently enough as Jamie posts vids to keep their new beau interested. However, we soon learn that Teddy has suddenly stopped calling. We watch as they open a gift that they left for them -- it's a Slusho hat and a mysterious substance labeled "Primary Evidence -- Jamie, don't eat this." Furthermore, there's a recording of Teddy telling Jamie that if she's listening to this then he's been captured by Tagruato Corp. (Zoinks!) Teddy has been looking into the company's drilling operations and obtained some of what we suppose is Slusho's secret ingredient. Jamie, who thinks the whole thing is a crazy story he's cooked up to ditch her, proceeds to eat the stuff and chronicles the bizarre after-effects on video.
What does it all mean? What role, if any, did Tagruato Corp. play in the creation or release of the Cloverfield monster? And what is it that makes Slusho taste so damn good!? There are still more questions than answers, but we've got a feeling that all will be revealed in time. Learn the fate of Rob and their friends when Cloverfield opens in theaters on Friday, and keep your eyes on these websites for answers to the story's deeper mysteries. We'll be watching, too!
Here's a quick reference with all of the Cloverfield viral links:
Last week, the North Carolina General Assembly saw the introduction of a so-called “bipartisan repeal” for HB2, the anti-queer, anti-trans, anti-worker legislation which overturned Charlotte's LGBTQ-inclusive non-discrimination protections and directly targeted trans people and their use of public facilities, among other harmful effects, including minimum-wage restrictions and tightening of employment discrimination claims.
The new bill, HB186, claims to accomplish several tasks, chief among them and heralded by its sponsors and supporters is a repeal of HB2. Business leaders including corporate bigwigs at Charlotte's largest companies have begun to come out in favor of this so-called “repeal.”
Here's the reality: HB186 accomplishes nothing, repeals nothing, helps no one and will, if implemented, cause inconceivably, exponentially more harm to minority communities than the most ardent HB2 supporters and anti-queer ideologues could have ever imagined.
As Equality NC's Chris Sgro and the North Carolina NAACP's Rev. William Barber wrote in a weekend op-ed, the same day Equality NC teamed up with HRC on a full-page ad in favor of full HB2 repeal:
Make no mistake, this new measure would double down on the most discriminatory provisions of HB2 – only reinforcing the damage. The measure would continue to prevent equal access to facilities by transgender people, exclude LGBTQ people from crucial non-discrimination protections and fail to rectify the discrimination and harm we have been fighting against for the past year.
If you haven't read Sgro's and Barber's op-ed, I suggest you do.
Be sure to also take a look below for my more concise, three-point write-up on the dangers of HB186.
Share with your friends and acquaintances and contact your representatives of the North Carolina General Assembly and tell them to come out against HB186 and in favor of a full, clean repeal of HB2.
Here are three ways that HB186 will further harm, not protect, LGBTQ people in North Carolina:
1. HB186 does not repeal restrictions from HB2
HB2 prohibited transgender people from using restrooms consistent with their gender identity. HB186 will do the same thing, and keep regulations over use of public facilities within the purview of the General Assembly. The discrimination protested by large companies, the ACC, the NCAA and other bodies will remain intact, albeit in a new form and under a new name. HB186 will continue to discriminate against transgender people.
2. HB186 will criminalize transgender people
Under current law with HB2, transgender people are directly targeted and told they cannot use public facilities consistent with their gender identity. Yet, as of now, the law contains no enforcement or criminal mechanism. HB186 would change this, adding a slew of new and enhanced criminal penalties and minimum sentencing standards for those charged and convicted with certain crimes in public facilities like restrooms, locker rooms and showers. Whether through implicit bias or outright profiling of transgender people, there is a 100-percent, ironclad guarantee that trans people will be among the first targeted by these new criminal penalties.
3. HB186 will effectively shut down any and all local LGBTQ non-discrimination progress
For the first time ever, under HB186, North Carolina will put into place a referendum mechanism by which any effort to ensure LGBTQ-inclusive non-discrimination protections can be overturned by the people. A small minority of voters would be able to petition to have a non-discrimination ordinance put up to public vote. A petition for such a referendum would require just 10 percent of those who voted in the last municipal election. In Charlotte, using 2015 election results, that means less than 10,000 people in a city of nearly 1 million could effectively rule by mob tyranny.
This is not how our republic works. We do not put minority rights on the ballot. The last time we did so en masse, when dozens of states prohibited same-gender marriage through ballot initiatives, they were all struck down as unconstitutional.
In short, HB186 is far more dangerous than HB2 could have ever been.
If passed, HB186 will criminalize trans people, will put trans and gender non-conforming people (of any gender or sexual orientation) at greater risk for over-policing and public harassment, will not repeal any of the anti-trans discrimination currently present in HB2 and will allow local non-discrimination ordinances to be voted on by referendum. If you thought HB2 was the worst anti-LGBTQ piece of legislation in the country, you are wrong — HB186 is exponentially worse.
never stay more than three days in vegas
This weekend, Nevada Democratic Chairwoman Roberta Lange declined to make a rule change that would have benefitted Bernie Sanders. It's a decision they won't soon forget—since then, she's been flooded with death threats and personalized insults.
The party held a state convention Saturday at the Paris Las Vegas hotel, where as many as sixty Sanders delegates were deemed ineligible. To voice their displeasure, Sanders' supporters reportedly began yelling and throwing things until the casino shut down the convention and kicked everyone out. It was so bad that even Las Vegas security guards couldn't deal with it, the party said in a statement The party held a state convention Saturday at the Paris Las Vegas hotel, where as many as sixty Sanders delegates were deemed ineligible. To voice their displeasure, Sanders' supporters reportedly began yelling and throwing things until the casino shut down the convention and kicked everyone out. It was so bad that evenLas Vegas security guardscouldn't deal with it, the party said in a statement reported by CNN:
“At approximately 10:00 p.m. on Saturday night, the director of security for the Paris Las Vegas Hotel informed the state party and representatives from both presidential campaigns that the property could no longer provide the necessary security under conditions made unruly and unpredictable. Paris Las Vegas Hotel security requested a prompt conclusion to the event,” the Nevada State Democratic Party said in a statement.
Since then, Sanders' supporters have apparently turned their ire on Lange, who says she's received thousands of phone calls and “as many as three text messages per minute” to their private cell phone number.
Advertisement
“It's been vile,” Lange “It's been vile,” Lange tells the New York Times . “It's been threatening messages, threatening my family, threatening my life, threatening my grandchild.”
Texts sent to Nevada Democratic Party chairperson Roberta Lange from Bernie Sanders supporters: pic.twitter.com/mItacvpUkU May 17, 2016
Sponsored
Nice.
Twitter/@espnpr
When the movie "Dodgeball: A True Underdog Story" was released in 2004 it immediately became fodder for references and in-jokes for an entire generation of movie-goers and sports fans, and now one of those is coming to the real world.
Lines like "If you can dodge a wrench, you can dodge a ball," and "Nobody makes me bleed my own blood," were destined to be shared across the hallways of first-year student dorms for years to come.
But possibly the strongest, most endearing joke made in the film is the ongoing reference to "ESPN 8: The Ocho," the fictional network charged with "Bringing You the Finest in Seldom Seen Sports."
On Thursday, ESPN announced that for one day only, The Ocho would finally become a reality. August 8th (8/8, get it?), ESPNU will program for 24 hours showing more obscure sports you normally might only stumble across at 3 a.m. or as counter-programming on a football Sunday.
Sports to be shown next Tuesday include, disc golf, trampoline dodgeball, cornhole, kabaddi, and the Firefighters World Challenge XXV. All of the events will be a championship of some sort as well, so you can be sure you are tuning in to some high stakes obscure athletic action.
While there is no word yet on if Cotton McKnight and Pepper Brooks will be able to make appearances for a bit of guest commentary, it seems that at least for a day, ESPNU will finally live up to the mission statement "Dodgeball" jokingly promised us years ago: "If it's almost a sport, we've got it here."
Hillary Clinton's tax proposals would increase taxes by $1.4 trillion over the next decade and would reduce the growth of the economy by 2.6 percent, according to ananalysis from the Tax Foundation.
Since January when the Tax Foundation first scored Clinton's tax plan, Clinton has introduced a number of new taxes on individuals and businesses. At that time, the Foundation estimated that their plan would raise taxes by $498 billion over the next decade and would reduce gross domestic product by 1 percent.
“The majority of their proposals raise taxes directly on high-income taxpayers,” the Foundation said in a new report. “Her plan would enact a new surtax on taxpayers with incomes above $5 million, a 30 percent minimum tax (the Buffet Rule), a limit on itemized deductions to a tax value of 28 percent, and an estate tax increase to a top rate of 65 percent for estates worth $1 billion or more.”
“She would also enact a number of targeted tax policies that would impact businesses, such as a new ‘financial risk' fee on large banks, the elimination of tax expenditures related to the fossil fuel industry, and several tax cuts for small businesses,” the analysis said.
Read more
As a die-hard beer drinker, I suffer from an affliction dubbed “the pint is always better on the other side of the country.” Though my Brooklyn hometown is lousy with lovely craft beers such as Cigar City's mango-hinted Jai Alai IPA, Sixpoint's bracing Crisp lager and Firestone Walker's balanced, citrusy Union Jack IPA, there are hundreds of brews I'd sacrifice a pinkie to sip every day. To ensure a steady supply of Bell's Two Hearted Ale, I'd even up the ante to two fingers.
Yet amputation is not enough to sway brewers' allocation plans. While some breweries such as Sierra Nevada, Rogue and Stone distribute their suds from coast to coast, they're the exception to the rule. In recent months, well-regarded breweries counting Dogfish Head and Flying Dog have reined in their distribution and pulled out of states, leaving drinkers high and dry. This is not a comment on quality; instead, breweries are experiencing skyrocketing local demand. Instead of sending beer to far-flung lands, they're focusing on slaking local thirst. I understand that you must take care of your own first, but that doesn't make the reality any easier to stomach.
Here are some of the beers that haunt my head — and are worthy of taking a trip to taste.
Surly Brewing Co: Coffee Bender
Come summer, nothing quenches your a.m. thirst quite like an iced coffee. For your p.m. pleasure, may I suggest this marvelous Minnesota beer. The silky, porter–brown ale hybrid is created by cold-steeping Guatemalan coffee, resulting in a flavorful, low-bitterness treat. It's so good, it's criminal that it's only available in Minnesota and Illinois. New Glarus Brewing: Wisconsin Belgian Red
I envy the Wisconsinites who drink Dan Carey's divine concoctions, such as the clean, fruit-forward Raspberry Tart and the superb Belgian Red. To create it, Montmorency cherries and Wisconsin wheat are mated with aged Hallertau hops (to lessen bitterness), then lagered in oak. The result is a riotously bubbly elixir with a superb sweet-tart equilibrium. Short's Brewing Company: Spruce Pilsner
Since the Michigan brewery only distributes in state, scoring one of its inventive ales such as S'mores Stout or tomato-packed Bloody Beer is tough enough. But the Spruce Pilsner is a once-a-year treat due to short window for harvesting the key ingredient, spruce tips. Incorporated into a potent pilsner, they impart a sappy punch that, in the best way possible, recalls a Christmas tree. Look for this year's release soon. The Alchemist Pub and Brewery: Heady Topper
Head brewer John Kimmich's commitment to freshness quality has meant that, if you wanted to try their terrific Belgian-inspired ales or hoppy beauties, you had to venture to their Vermont brewpub. Well, things will get slightly easier this summer when they begin canning their Heady Topper, a dank double IPA with a pine-needles nose and a smooth, dangerous drinkability. Russian River: Pliny the Elder
Considered the Holy Grail for hop heads, the piney, orange-gold masterpiece — named after the Roman naturalist and philosopher — coats your tongue with a luscious, spicy-sweet bitterness. Despite the hoppy overload, Pliny remains bright, crisp and super-balanced. If the California brewery expanded its distribution, I'd never drink anything else.
More from Food Republic:
Swindon Town Football Club is apparently planning to control all its media coverage through a new app called Fanzai this season. (Picture: Reuters)
The League One club has already ‘banned' local daily newspaper the Swindon Advertiser since the start of this year.
The Advertiser is barred from attending press conferences at the club and its media requests and questions are ignored. It has not been given a reason for the ban.
Chief sports writer for the paper Tom Bassam was told by club chairperson Lee Power that “he got all the coverage they wanted from other media outlets in Swindon”.
But now it seems that other media outlets are getting the same treatment.
In future it seems that all media activity, beyond an obligatory post-match press conference with the manager, will be through Fanzai.
Advertiser editor Gary Lawrence said: “They just want to control media output for the club and don't want journalists asking questions. All interviews are conducted by the PR team and journalists aren't made welcome.”
Fanzai describes itself as the social platform for football players and football clubs and is available as an app for smartphones.
Head of sport at the website Total Swindon Sam Morshead wrote about the new arrangement today.
They said: "For whatever reason, most likely found somewhere in the rubble of the News Of The World, the public love to hate what's written in the press, and the men and women who write it.
"Nowadays, Swindon Town, it appears, are much the same. They seem to be plagued by apprehension, insecurity, control freakery or a combination of all three. They appear to be staunch advocates of opaque customer service and dictated narrative.
"Recently, the local media was informed the Robins would not be holding any pre-match press conferences, midweek press conferences or new signing press conferences for the foreseeable future. This information came by way of a phone call with no accompanying written reasoning…
"What Swindon Town will produce ahead of its matches in 2015/16 – as it conducts pre-game previews solely on its own website – will be little more than promotional bluster. Movie trailers minus the CGI or dramatic voiceovers. Articles so chemically sterile they ought to be used for cleaning urinals."
Morshead concludes their piece by warning readers that if local journalists are replaced by a PR-driven app providing club news they will be the losers in the long-run.
"Perhaps the senior hierarchy of the club think they can go it alone. What happens when they need a public voice to stand beside them in times of trouble? Maybe they feel the media is unnecessary. It's within their rights to think as much.
"But fans of the club – people who work hard to earn their entrance fee – should envisage a reality, in however many years from now, where the local press does not exist and all that fans of lower-league teams can rely on is the sanitised PR created simply to ensure the next 8,000 gates.
"No real questions, no real answers, no real accountability.
"That is what Swindon Town have made abundantly clear as being their preferred future. Is it yours?"
Swindon Town appears to be the only football club which has signed up to Fanzai. The app also provides a media platform for around 40 professional footballers.
Swindon Town did not respond to a Press Gazette request for a comment.
UPDATE:
Swindon Town has posted the following statement on its website:
"The club are very disappointed and surprised in the way in which our new media arrangement has been portrayed locally and presented to the national media.
"So we are very clear: the football club are looking to start something different this season. Bearing in mind the change in training facility (which is a considerable distance from Swindon), our in-house journalist, Tom Otrebski, will be conducting interviews with players, management and staff during the week as well as producing a lot of behind-the-scenes material that will engage the fans and give them more of an insight into how the team and the club are run.
"This will be distributed on all the club's official media channels and also on a new and exciting media platform called Fanzai which the club have decided to trial. This was first trialled on Saturday during Town's pre-season friendly with Everton.
"Fanzai is a family-friendly app which is free of the profanity and abuse that users may experience on existing social media. Fanzai's unique approach to social media is something that club decided to align themselves with and launch our media output through.
"For the avoidance of doubt, post-match access and the reporting of matches by the media will remain exactly the same as last season. There is not a blanket media ‘ban' as is being reported. We are trying something fresh which we feel will give supporters a new insight into their football club."
Posted by Noelle on October 7th, 2012
Several weeks ago, my sweet hubs and I ventured up to Bethlehem, PA for VegFest. It turned out to be a really fun and scrumptious adventure. Aside from having tons of vendors that sell conscientious and hand made jewelry, clothes, body lotions, etc. they also had many booths with charity organizations. We got to pet an adorable pig, who's tail would wag whenever people petted him, seriously adorable. We made donations, picked up brochures, and bought unique treasures. Now... let's talk about the food. There was a great offering of local food vendors serving up everything from pizzas to spelt soft pretzels. Of course Vegan Treats was there with a spread of beautiful sweets so varied and monumental, it was enough to make your knees week. Since we arrived early we indulged in a boston creme donut that elicited several moans. But the best part was that we had always wanted to try the vegan eats from the food truck "The Cinnamon Snail" and they were scheduled to come to the festival. They got there a little later than they expected... We were like hawks and spotted them the very moment they arrived and got toward the front of the line that was very quickly forming. We chatted with the people in line and really enjoyed our company during the short wait until the truck opened it's window and started to take orders. Their menu is ah-mazing and we had a terrible time trying to figure out what to get. We opted for the lemongrass five spice seitan sandwich and the ancho chili seitan burger. I tried not to drool as I told them what we wanted. The guys were geniunely nice as they took our order and we moved to the side to wait. Within a few minutes we heard our name called out and ran up to retrieve our order. My hubs and I split everything and eagerly dove in. Holy. Mother. of. the. Universe! Their food was not just good, it was breathtaking, orgasmic, and beyond delicious! I hope they have food trucks in heaven, seriously. If you are ever in the Northern NJ, NY city area you have to check them out. This sandwich is inspired by their flavorful, hearty, and beautiful food. It's perfect for the fall and winter... the beer and maple flavors kissed with the tangy and spicy horseradish is divine. The swiss chard adds the perfect bitter note and adds such gorgeous color to the sandwich. This is one of our favorites now and reminds us dearly of some of the best vegan food we have ever eaten... thank you Cinnamon Snail!
Ingredients:
Beer-Braised Onions & Garlic:
1 - 1/2 large sweet onions, halved and thinly sliced
4 large cloves garlic, thinly sliced
2 TBS canola oil
1 - 1/2 cups of beer, I used a pale ale, add more if needed
salt & pepper
Horseradish Cream:
1/4 cup vegan sour cream
1/4 cup Vegenaise
1/4 cup horseradish
1/4 tsp salt
1/8 tsp garlic powder
Maple Glazed Seitan:
3 TBS Braggs Liquid Aminos
1 TBS Balsamic vinegar
2 TBS olive oil, divided
1 TBS maple syrup
1/4 tsp red pepper flakes
1/4 tsp black pepper 12 oz of seitan, rinsed and patted dry
Remaining Ingredients:
4 to 6 sub or torpedo rolls, 6" long, or 2 to 3 long sub rolls, cut in half lengthwise
1 large bunch of swiss chard, tough stems removed, sliced into 1" thick ribbons
salt & pepper
Directions:
First start with the beer-braised onions and garlic. Heat the oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the onions, garlic, and some salt & pepper. Cook for 6-8 minutes, stirring occasionally until the onions are golden and soft. Add the beer and continue to cook until all of the beer has reduced down and there is not much liquid left in the pan. About 7-10 minutes. Add more beer if you like. Once reduced, remove from heat.
While the onions and garlic are cooking, squeeze the horseradish into your hands to get as much of the moisture out as you can. The combine all the ingredients in a medium bowl, whisking gently to combine. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside. Bring a large pot with an inch of salted water to a boil. Now start on the glaze, in a small bowl add all the ingredients except the seitan and 1 TBS olive oil. Whisk thoroughly until the maple syrup has dissolved. Preheat over med-high a large non-stick skillet with the remaining tablespoon of oil. Add the dried seitan and cook, stirring often until the seitan starts to turn golden, about 5-7 minutes. Then pour the glaze over top and cook, again stirring often, until the seitan starts to get crispy and all the glaze is absorbed, another 5-7 minutes. While the seitan is cooking, blanch the swiss chard for 4-5 minutes and remove from the boiling water. If you want to keep the bright colors, you can rinse with cook water to stop the cooking process.
Once everything is done, you can assemble the sandwiches. Smear the horseradish spread over top half of the cut rolls. Top the bottom half with a layer of seitan, then add a layer of swiss chard, and finally the beer-braised onions and garlic. Sprinkle on a little salt & pepper. Cut them carefully in half and enjoy! Makes 4-6 small subs or 2-3 longer ones.
“The only website we trust to help women gain access to a safe medical abortion is www.womenonweb.org and we cannot guarantee that any other website is trustworthy,” the organization writes.
Despite the cautionary advertising, some still choose to purchase medications advertised as miso online. Molly, a feminist abortion advocate who preferred not to use their real name, buys miso and RU-486 (a.k.a “the gold standard”) in mass quantities from online pharmacies and sends it to women in the United States who want to use the drugs but don't know how to go about getting them.
“It's incredibly liberating having misoprostol in my bathroom cabinet,” they say. “The idea of a pregnancy scare is ... less scary, in a very real way. I wouldn't need to even tell anyone except me, if I didn't want to.”
Molly says that many of the women who contact them are already mothers who live hours away from the nearest clinic. Often, they don't have anyone to watch their children while they go in for the procedure, especially if they have to return for more than one visit and can't afford to take more days off of work.
“They told me they'd try anything: herbs, soaps,” they write in a post that went viral online. “One asked if I knew how, exactly, it was that you went about using a wire hanger to abort. Two or three days later, they would receive a small, unmarked envelope. Inside the envelope were doses of two different drugs that, when used together, will abort nearly any first-trimester pregnancy.”
So far, Molly says they have sent the pills out to between 50 and 100 women. Sometimes they receive emails that seem like “suspicious pleas”—messages that sound little too-scripted, like the person behind the keyboard is playing a role to catch Molly at their own game. So now, she's scaling back on sending the drug packages, instead referring women to international pharmacies to buy the medications themselves.
Sending the pills is a risky endeavor. Legally, the process puts them in harm's way, but even more worrisome is the possibility that the medications they send might seriously jeopardize a woman's health. As many reproductive health experts warn, the pills they buy from the international pharmacies could be counterfeit, or they could be real and still cause complications.
“I know, when I do it, that it could be a devil's bargain,” Molly writes in the post. “This could be the envelope that gets traced back to me. This could be the one that lands me in prison. Or, even worse, it could be the one that kills someone. The abortion drugs rarely cause major complications (less often than birth), but they do happen. I don't know what I would do with that on my conscience. I haven't had to find out yet.”
* * *
Back in Texas, HB2, the state's strict new abortion law, shows no signs of letting up.
In March, the U.S. 5th Circuit Court ruled unanimously that the admitting privileges provision in HB 2, which led to the closures of clinics in the Valley and elsewhere, “does not impose an undue burden on the life and health of a woman." Since the law went into effect, the state's number of licensed abortion providers dropped from 40 to 28, and only 24 centers still offer the surgical procedure.
Enlarge 1924 photo by AP Sen. Albert Fall LOS ANGELES  If you have a milkshake, and I have a milkshake, then you have Hollywood's hottest catchphrase. Every year, we seem to get at least one. "I see dead people." "I wish I knew how to quit you." Anything from Napoleon Dynamite. This year's latest cinematic must-say comes from There Will Be Blood, the oil drama in which Daniel Day-Lewis delivers a crushing insult to a nemesis with the punch line "I drink your milkshake! I drink it up!" Relatively few people have seen the movie — this past weekend, it expanded to about 1,500 theaters and its gross so far is $21.1 million — but the dialogue has taken off nonetheless. A "There Will Be Milkshakes" video, with scenes from the film playing to Kelis' song Milkshake, has more than 60,000 views on YouTube. IDrinkYourMilkshake.com has become a popular forum to discuss the films of There Will Be Blood director P.T. Anderson. New York magazine even offers a user's guide to the phrase. It suggests using it as sports metaphor ("The Celtics drank the Knicks' milkshake last night"), a sexual double entendre or a taunt, as in "You'd best back down before I drink your milkshake." Anderson concedes that he's puzzled by the phenomenon — particularly because the lines came straight from a transcript they found of the 1924 congressional hearings over the Teapot Dome scandal, in which Sen. Albert Fall was convicted of accepting bribes for oil-drilling rights to public lands in Wyoming and California. In explaining oil drainage, Fall's "way of describing it was to say 'Sir, if you have a milkshake and I have a milkshake and my straw reaches across the room, I'll end up drinking your milkshake,' " Anderson says. "I just took this insane concept and used it." So have the movie's fans. Kevin Kunze, 18, a student at the University of San Francisco, says they created the YouTube video "just to get people to see the movie. I loved it. I had no idea it would take off like this." Nor did Jurgen Fauth, the website creator. They say they wanted simply to have an audio clip of the line, delivered in Day-Lewis' booming baritone. "But (Anderson's) fans started using it to talk about their movies, so I made it a forum," they say. "Although I think some people turn up the volume and hit refresh to drive their co-workers crazy." Not that Anderson minds — or worries that it will undermine the gravitas of the movie, which is up for eight Oscars, including best picture, director and actor. "I love the YouTube video," they say. "It's completely insane and hilarious. It's crazy what people latch on to." Enlarge Paramount Daniel Day-Lewis' dialogue was inspired by Sen. Albert Fall, below. Conversation guidelines: USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts, stories and information related to this article. Please stay on topic and be respectful of others. Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map.
Porsche will honour its tradition of coming up with sportier variants of everything they make by showing us the 2017 Macan GTS at the Montreal Auto Show.
Based on the compact luxury SUV launched last year, the GTS slots between the base-model S and the range-topping Turbo.
Even though it comes with the same twin-turbo, 3.0-litre V6 as the S, the GTS boasts a 20-horsepower advantage for a total of 360 as well as 368 pound-feet of torque. To send all this to the four wheels, Porsche chose to use its excellent PDK automated transmission. All this hardware enables the Macan to scoot from 0 to 100 km/h in 5.2 seconds.
The cabin receives sport seats embroidered with the GTS logo, and buyers will be able to choose between a few colours unique to this model.
The GTS is an excellent compromise between the base model and its more expensive big brother; offered at a starting price of $73,100, it offers an impressive build quality and will put a grin on your face every time you floor the accelerator.
Could you be living inside a simulation created by a more advanced intelligence? Where does your unerring belief that you are not come from?
Natalie Nicklin
The short answer is you don't. Consider this: with every passing moment, we get closer to creating intelligent machines, maybe even conscious ones. If we can do this, could someone – or something – else do it too?
Philosopher Nick Bostrom at the University of Oxford highlighted this idea in 2003, arguing that if humans were one day able to create simulations populated with conscious beings, it's at least possible that we, too, are living in such a simulation. Since then, that possibility has, if anything, become more realistic. There are projects seeking to build entire animal brains from scratch, modelled exactly on living ones, down to individual neurons and the myriad connections that interlink them. When very simple versions were given robotic bodies, lo and behold, they behaved like the creatures they were modelled on. It's probably only a matter of time before we create virtual beings inside computers.
In all likelihood, we will never find out whether or not we are simulations ourselves. But one thing is clear, says philosopher Thomas Metzinger of the University of Mainz in Germany: each of us has a robust experience that “I exist”. Perhaps a slightly more manageable problem is to figure out where that experience comes from.
Metaphysics special: Philosophy's biggest questions unravelled What is reality made of? How do we know we exist, or if God exists? Join us as we test nine fundamental questions against the best scientific knowledge Read more
Clues come from neuropsychological conditions such as Cotard's syndrome, in which people are convinced that they do not exist. In 2013, Adam Zeman of the University of Exeter, UK, and colleagues reported their studies of a person with Cotard's. Their brain scans showed important anomalies. One was in a brain network normally associated with internal awareness, including the awareness of our body and its emotional state. Activity in this network was low, down to levels seen in people who are minimally conscious. The researchers speculated that this created a perception of non-existence which the man could not discount because other parts of their brain responsible for rational thought were also damaged.
The findings suggest that by creating a vivid perception of our body and its various states, our brain generates the feeling of existence – and any malfunction in this mechanism can cause us to question it.
How this all happens could be explained by the idea that the brain is a prediction machine. It is continually being assaulted by signals from the body and its environment and must predict what's causing them. For example, when you are walking by the coast, the brain has to be able to perceive that you are about to come to a cliff – if you don't, you may fall off the edge. It does this by creating internal models of the body and the environment. To make accurate calculations, the brain must maintain prior knowledge and keep testing the integrity of its models. “The brain is a system that is continually trying to prove its own existence,” says Metzinger.
They think this prediction machinery might be compromised in people with Cotard's. “The prediction error can never be cancelled out, [and this] attacks one of the most abstract and highest priors – ‘I exist' – and makes that crumble away.” Of course, all of this certainty and doubting could still be part of a simulation. In which case, says Metzinger, “What I'd want to know is, what the heck is the hardware that the simulation is running on? Is it God's brain or the Devil's?”
This article appeared in print under the headline “How do I know I exist?”
Before Tuesday night, DeAndre Daniels was the highest ranked unsigned recruit in the class of 2011. No more. On Tuesday, IMG Academy, where Daniels has spent the past year after originally committing to Texas in 2010, released Daniels' decision:  They are going to UConn.
Make no mistake, this is a coup for Jim Calhoun and the Huskies. Daniels was notoriously indecisive about their collegiate hoops future, delaying or ignoring deadlines both self-imposed and otherwise, and leaving fans of the schools recruiting them -- the murderer's row of Duke, Kentucky, Florida, Texas and Kansas among them -- waiting anxiously for a final decision. Few would have predicted this outcome, as ESPN recruiting analyst Paul Biancardi said Tuesday.
"I think UConn surprised a lot of people with this pick up," ESPN's National Recruiting Director Paul Biancardi said. "And keep in mind it is just a verbal commitment until they enroll, but what a terrific catch for the Huskies. UConn is getting a highly skilled small forward who can shoot it from 3, hit pull-ups in the mid-range and finish in transition. At their size they can score over most 3's in the paint."
Biancardi's bit about the commitment is worth noting. Because Daniels waited until after the signing period to announce their decision, they can't sign an official letter of intent, thereby locking them in to their college choice. Until they officially enroll in the fall, they have room to change their mind. Given Daniels' apparent certainty, not to mention how long he's deliberated before finally committing, another change seems like a very long shot. (Sorry, Texas fans.)
The bigger question is what this means for Connecticut basketball in general and Calhoun in particular. The legendary coach has remained mum on their prospects for retirement this season, and it's generally agreed that if they did retire, Calhoun would do so in the fall, timing the decision to give them the maximum impact on UConn's choice of a successor. (That successor is widely believed to be Huskies assistant Kevin Ollie.) Will adding Daniels to a returning national title core of Shabazz Napier, Jeremy Lamb and Alex Oriakhi convince Calhoun to stay for another season? Did they make any pledge to Daniels as part of their recruitment? Have they been planning to stay all along?
Whether a promise was made or not, UConn fans just got totally stoked, brah. Landing a hyper-talented, college-ready recruit is one thing. Preserving the hope that last season's unexpected national title run wasn't the last of Calhoun's career is entirely another.
RENO – Reno 1868 FC has signed Nick Von Niederhäusern, pending league and federation approval. Von Niederhäusern will play an integral defensive role alongside Jimmy Ockford, Brenton Griffiths and Jordan Murrell.
“Nick (Von Niederhäusern) has proven themselves at the top level of Swiss soccer,” said Ian Russell, head coach of Reno 1868 FC. “I believe they will enhance our defensive tactics.”
Von Niederhäusern, 27, most recently played for Swiss (Raiffeisen) Super League club, FC Vaduz from 2013- 16 which earned them a spot in one of the world's most popular video games, FIFA 16. They made a total of 74 appearances with Vaduz, including nine Europa League qualifier matches and was part of Vaduz's Liechtenstein Cup Championships in 2014, ‘15 and ‘16. Vaduz posted a plus-44 goal differential (46-2) during Von Niederhäusern's three-year stint in the Liechtenstein Cup.
Von Niederhäusern started their career with Swiss Challenge League club FC Winterthur, where they made 96 appearances from 2009-13. While playing for Winterthur, Von Niederhäusern made seven appearances for the Switzerland U20 team.
Greater Nevada Field will host up to 18 matches in 2017, with 16 coming as regular-season matches for Reno 1868 FC during their inaugural USL campaign. The USL previously announced that the regular season will expand to 32 matches beginning in 2017. The club will play its first preseason match against the MLS' San Jose Earthquakes on February 18.
The biological human system is probably affected by the solar and geomagnetic disturbances as well as the cosmic ray variations. In this work, the relation between the solar activity and cosmic ray variations and the cardiac arrhythmias over the time period 1997–2009 covering the solar cycle 23, is studied. The used medical data set refers to 4741 patients with cardiac arrhythmias and 2548 of whom were diagnosed with atrial fibrillation, obtained from the 2nd Cardiological Clinic of the General Hospital of Nicaea, Piraeus, in Greece. The smoothing method on a 365-day basis and the Pearson r-coefficient were used in order to compare these records with the number of sunspots, flares, solar proton events, coronal mass ejections and cosmic ray intensity. Applying a moving correlation function to ±1500 days, it is suggested that a change of the correlation sign between the medical data and each one of the above parameters occurs during a time interval of about 2–3 years. This interval corresponds to the time span of the polarity reversal of the solar magnetic field of this solar cycle, which always takes place around the solar cycle maximum. After then a correlation analysis was carried out corresponding to the rise (1997–2001) and the decay (2002–2009) phases of the solar cycle 23. It is noticeable that the polarity reversal of the solar magnetic field coincides with the period where the sign of the correlation between the incidence of arrhythmias and the occurrence number of the solar eruptive events and the cosmic ray intensity, changes sign. The results are comparable with those obtained from the previous solar cycle 22 based on medical data from another country.
It was muggy early Sunday morning and about 160 men and women drank and listened to music inside a “blind pig” at a social hall on Detroit's west side.
Then police raided the joint. It attracted little attention.
It was also sticky almost 45 years ago to the day when cops raided a blind pig about five miles away, at 12th and Clairmount. That raid ignited a week-long riot that changed the landscape of Detroit.
The raid on a recent Sunday turned out far better for police than the one on July 23, 1967. Yet one thing is clear: Decades later, blind pigs -- illegal after-hours drinking joints that often play host to prostitution, drugs and gambling -- are still thriving in Detroit, and police are still busting them.
Wayne County Sheriff Benny Napoleon, whose department led the weekend raid, conservatively estimates that there are 30 blind pigs operating in the city at any given time, mostly on weekends, and he's determined to go after them.
“You get noise. You get commotion. Those activities spill over into the neighborhoods,” says Napoleon, the former chief of the Detroit Police Department. “You have people who leave the blind pigs and go into the neighborhoods and have sex in the cars, drink in the street, destroy the quality of life in the neighborhood. We've had instances where people go to the blind pigs and park in the residences' driveways.”
On Sunday, the blind pig operated out of the Blue Stone Palace banquet hall in the 10000 block of Joy Road. The crowd was evenly divided; about 80 men and 80 women, including four minors and two people arrested for outstanding felony warrants -- one for vehicular homicide, the other for home invasion and assault with intent to murder.
Many of the men wore blue jeans or shorts. Some had Tigers hats; some wore expensive sneakers.
The women were decked out: Some in very short skirts, others in tight-fitting pants. There was a dance floor and disco ball suspended from the ceiling, a bar, round banquet tables draped with reddish-orange plastic table cloths and a dj station with stacks of homemade cd's.
The police had sent some undercover officers into the club that night, as they had the two weeks earlier. They each paid a $10 cover and bought drinks. They were checked at the door -- like all customers -- to make sure they weren't packing weapons.
Then, shortly before 4 a.m., dozens of cops burst in. They wore bullet-proof vests and army-style helmets, and some carried assault rifles -- and slapped plastic handcuffs on the patrons, employees and operators.
In the end, police ticketed 158 people for patronizing the illegal operation. Five received tickets for running an illegal establishment. Police seized 12 weapons, including an assault rifle, a half pound of marijuana, liquor and $1,342. They also impounded 60 automobiles from patrons and operators. It costs more than $1,000 to get each car back, a penalty designed to discourage people from patronizing the illegal spots.
A man who answered the phone this week at the Blue Stone Palace, who identified themselves as the owner but declined to give their name, says they hold private fundraisers every weekend, and that no liquor was sold after hours, contrary to what undercover officers found.
They said their lawyer is going to deal with the bust.
“I guarantee the story is going to come out and people are going to see that me and my staff haven't done anything wrong or illegal," they said.
With the big crowd and the time it took to process each person and check for outstanding warrants, things came off without any major glitches.
It could have gone down a lot differently, like it did 45 years ago, when police raided the blind pig at 12th and Clairmount that operated above a shop called Economy Printing. They arrested 82 people who were celebrating the return of two Vietnam vets. Undercover cops entered the club about 3:30 a.m., just like at the Joy Road club. And just like Sunday morning, there was security at the door.
According to “The Great Rebellion," by Kenneth Stahl, Patrolman Charles, one of the undercover cops, said: “I had trouble getting in. There was a pool table they'd use to shoot dice, a bar, a kitchen that served food. It looked like a third-rate bar. People were having a good time. There were different circumstances in those days. People were friendlier, they would drink and gamble, but there was very little dope. ”
As police escorted the patrons out into a paddy wagon on 12th Street, restless residents began throwing bottles and bricks. Someone smashed a storefront window. The match of revolt was lit. Six days later, 43 people were dead and tens of millions of dollars in property was damaged.
Things were different back then. The city had twice the population, and African Americans comprised about 40 percent of the residents, compared to more than 80 percent today. Blacks were virtually invisible in city government and were clearly underrepresented in the police department that had a troublesome reputation in the black community. And it was a far more volatile era, a time for rebellion in urban America.
All that that being said, authorities say, one of the more notable differences today in the blind pigs is that management is more heavily armed.
“Blind pigs by their very nature attract a dangerous element,” says Wayne County Sheriff Deputy Chief Dennis Richardson, who led the Sunday raid.
“They're illegal after-hours establishments that operate with no license. They're not inspected. They don't pay taxes. They attract a wilder crowd. Part of the allure of the pig is they're illegal and they're dangerous.”
Richardson said there have been shootings in the past at some blind pigs, and some are safety hazards. They said the one on Joy Road had the back door bolted shut, which meant if there was a fire "everyone could have died."
One undercover police investigator who participated in the Sunday raid, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, said some clubs like the one on Joy Road have entertainment that sometimes includes live woman-on-woman sex shows.
Some clubs have prostitution, topless dancing and gambling -- often dice games or poker -- and drugs are often sold on the premises, though not necessarily by the owners. They said some clubs rent out rooms for sex with prostitutes.
“They attract a lot of the drug kingpins, a lot of people who deal in the underworld,” the officer said.
They also said stickup men frequent some clubs. They keep a keen eye on the patrons, and follow outside the ones who have wads of cash.
They said most blind pigs operate out of storefronts and homes, but on occasion they have seen some in fixed-up abandoned homes. They said last year on Pinehurst near Schoolcraft, on the city's west side, a blind pig was set up in an abandoned home and the operators were stealing electricity.
As the raid this past weekend illustrated, cracking down on illegal establishments can be labor intensive. The sheriff's department, which has been the lead agency in the city against blind pigs because of manpower limitations at the Detroit Police Department, used dozens of sheriff's deputies and Detroit and state police as well as officers from the Southeast Michigan Crimes Against Children Task Force and the Western Wayne County Community Response Team.
Often times, before a raid goes down, it takes several weeks of visits by undercover officers, who case out the joint to figure out who's running them, what criminal activities are going on and where the guns and drugs are stashed. In the past year, authorities have cracked down on about three blind pigs.
“It's a growing problem,” says Sheriff Napoleon.
They explained that a crackdown on touching dancers at licensed topless clubs around town has prompted some to turn to blind pigs, where there are no restrictions.
“A lot of folks go to these after-hours places where anything goes. It's whatever you can negotiate with a woman.”
Not all people see bling pigs as a bad thing.
One female patron who was busted at the Joy Road blind pig said she's a big fan of after-hours clubs. They said they work as a bartender and waiter at a Detroit topless club and doesn't want to go home after closing some nights.
So they come to the club, which stays open past the legal closing hour of 2 a.m.
“I love this place, it's been here for years,” said the woman, who declined to give them name. They said security at the door checks patrons for weapons, so they feel safe.
They figure there are anywhere from 20 to 30 after-hours joints operating around town. They say she's been to about 15 of them.
“This is one of the nicer places,” they said.
There's nothing quite like not being able to get something to work the way it should, and implementing a terrible hack instead. It may work for now, but you can only kick that can so far down the road. Recently a coworker discovered one of my terrible hacks, and after months of kicking the can, I finally had to figure it out. The answer involved a long journey, ending in changing a series of hyphens ( - ) to the in keyword. It wasn't a bug, just an oddity of the way that the ScalaTest framework works.
The following ScalaTest code passes:
class BeforeAndAfterWorks extends FreeSpec with Matchers with BeforeAndAfterAll { var example = false override def beforeAll() = { example = true } override def afterAll() = { example = false } "Some Test Set" - { "should pass" in { example shouldBe true } } }
However the following fails on the matcher example shouldBe true :
class BeforeAndAfterDoesNotWork extends FreeSpec with Matchers with BeforeAndAfterAll { var example = false override def beforeAll() = { example = true } override def afterAll() = { example = false } "Some Test Set" - { "should pass" - { example shouldBe true } } }
In both cases, I use the BeforeAndAfterAll mixin to correct set the value of the example variable before the test begins. If you're trying to play spot the differences, you should pay more attention because the answer was in the opening paragraph. It all has to do with replacing the - with in .
Looking through the ScalaTest source code, we find that - is really just a wrapper for registerNestedBranch , while in is a wrapper for registerTestToRun . The hyphen is meant to hold collections of sub-tests in a tree like structure, while in actually registers the following block as a unit test. It's possible to have nested branches, but you cannot nest in blocks. These in blocks also uniquely identify tests by their string, preventing tests with duplicate names, as shown in the following error output:
[error] Could not run test org.penguindreams.DuplicateTests: org.scalatest.exceptions.DuplicateTestNameException: Duplicate test name: Some Test Set should pass ... [info] - top in clause *** FAILED *** [info] An in clause may not appear inside another in clause. (NestedIn.scala:19) (BeforeAndAfterWorks.scala:21)
The issue comes because ScalaTest does allow for matchers/assertions to occur within the tree, but outside of an in block. Code run in this space is not subject to BeforeAndAfterAll or BeforeAndAfterEach traits.
This issue took a while to debug. After I figured it out, and unleashed a storm of rage and profanity, I created a merge request for my co-workers to review. One of the comments added to it, “Too funny - well not really. I ran into this same issue once.”
I haven't delved into the architecture of ScalaTest yet, but I'm guessing that mitigating this particular situation may not be possible with the ScalaTest architecture. In any case, hopefully this post will help other developers who get stuck in the same situation; attempting to figure out why their pretest requisite functions do not run correctly in their test specifications. The code used in these examples can be found at https://gitlab.com/djsumdog/freespec-beforeandafter-notrunning-example.
It seems the Kate Alpha Release in January was well received by some users. So we are happy to announce that we are releasing an updated Windows installer for Kate (64bit) today. Essentially, this is the same version that is shipped with the KDE Applications 16.04 release under Linux.
Kate-setup-16.04.1-64bit.exe (64bit) installer, compiled on Windows 10
If you have git in your PATH, then the Kate Projects plugin will work as expected.
As mentioned in the previous post, you may want to also install D-Bus for Windows, so that all documents opened use the same Kate instance.
You can compile Kate yourself with Visual Studio 2015 community edition by following the steps in kate-windows.git. For me, a few tweaks were necessary, though: If some modules do not compile, just run the cmake build command again (and again). The “NMake Makefiles JOM” do not work for me, I had to use “Visual Studio 14 2015 Win64” generator. You can start the Visual Studio with `devenv KateOnWindows.sln`. If you have further questions, please contact us on the mailing list.
Screenshot of running Kate under Windows 10:
If you want to contribute or have questions, please contact the Kate developers on kwrite-devel@kde.org (subscribe). Also, you can sometimes reach us via IRC on irc.freenode.net in the channel #kate.
Further, if you want to support Kate and the KDE project in general, it is very much appreciated if you donate to the KDE e.V., KDE's support organization – thank you! 🙂
Share this: Google
Reddit
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Email
Print
Like this: Like Loading...
Programmatically running Ansible
It's really easy to run Ansible programmatically. I use Python to access the Ansible APIs and run playbooks. It's also possible to use a templating engine like Jinja2 to build playbooks but that's for another blog post later.
Check out servers for hackers on how to hook into Ansible's API. Very simple and straight forward, I built a reusable component for myself based on this.
Message Queue
So far I've used ActiveMQ
and Amazon SQS.
SQS has its own libraries you can use that are different than my code example provided below. It's way easier to use SQS and I believe there's a free tier which can be utilized. There are some benefits to running your own, like no additional costs and you have complete control and oversight on the infrastructure/data.
Code Example
Check out my project on Github to see an example on how I consume a message queue to run playbooks. This is just a skeleton project, I've built more robust systems on the same project. You can review the JSON object returned from running a playbook to validate completion or if there are errors. I like to get into the habit of utilizing the queue for retries. When you get a failure, put the message in the back of the queue with a retry flag.
What to do
Slow Cooker Pumpkin, Chickpea, & Red Lentil Curry
I have a confession to make. I like to promote peace in the kitchen, but the truth is, we have a bit of a battle brewing here at our house.
My guy has come to hate pumpkin.
And I have single-handedly created that pumpkin-hating monster, because I love the stuff. For every pumpkin recipe I post, I've probably attempted another five that don't make it to the blog. Come fall, I try it in practically everything. It's the perfect storm of my loving the season, craving all that is pumpkin and pumpkin spice, and being a crazy food blogger.
Don't get me wrong – he'll eat it. They actually really likes this Slow Cooker Pumpkin, Chickpea, & Red Lentil Curry (probably because you can't really overtly taste the pumpkin). But it's funny – I'll put a bowl of chili in front of them and he'll ask with trepidation, “is there pumpkin in it?” And when I say yes, they try to mask their disappointment … and then they dig in anyway. He's a trouper.
But one of these days it might just get ugly. It's brewing. I can feel it. This is how wars start, right? No? Not really? Well, good. But I suppose I should chill on the pumpkin for the sake of the family.
Maybe in like, January.
Meanwhile, ALL THE PUMPKIN STUFF!
Like this curry, my fellow pumpkin-loving sisters and brothers. This curry is the pumpkin bomb. Creamy, cozy, easy, and utterly delicious-y.
It came about one morning not long ago when I was prepping for this Slow Cooker Pumpkin Red Lentil Chili. The lentils were in, the pumpkin puree was in, the onion was in … and then I realized I really wasn't feeling chili. What I was really craving was something akin to this chickpea curry, a recipe a friend had recently tried and enthusiastically described and I couldn't get it out of my head.
And so I decided to go that direction instead. The result was incredible, and with a couple of minor tweaks to the original experiment, this creamy, satiating curry recipe was created.
Another confession, while I'm at it: I'm pretty clueless about Indian food. I've been to Indian restaurants a handful of times (oh my gosh deliciousness), but not nearly enough. I am getting more and more into making this cuisine at home, so I'm learning. But I wasn't entirely sure what to call this. It has lentils in it, so is it technically a dal? I'm thinking no because it has chickpeas in it, but if I'm completely off with the naming of this recipe, I have to beg forgiveness. I'm working on it!
So how does it taste? DELICIOUS! Seriously, this stuff is so easy, yet so good. Throw it all in the Crock Pot in the morning, and with a pot of rice added to the mix, you're good to go in the evening.
The lentils add heft and protein; the chickpeas are just plain awesome as always; the pumpkin contributes to a creamy, slightly sweet base that pairs perfectly with the curry spices. I mean, with tastiness like this, how can I ever step away from the pumpkin?! (Sorry, babe.)
The battle continues.
4.5 / 5 ( 8 Reviews Did you make this recipe? Leave a review » Yield: Serves 4-6 Slow Cooker Pumpkin, Chickpea, and Red Lentil Curry Creamy, hearty, and full of flavor, this vegan Indian-inspired Crock Pot recipe is so easy to assemble. A perfect weeknight dinner for fall (or any season!) Ingredients: 2 (15-ounce) cans chickpeas, drained
1 medium yellow onion, diced
2 medium cloves garlic, minced
2 cups low-sodium vegetable broth
1 cup split red lentils, rinsed
1 cup pumpkin puree
1 tablespoon curry powder*
1/4 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper
1 teaspoon kosher salt + more to taste
1 (15-ounce) can coconut milk (I use full-fat for this recipe; lite will probably still taste great but might result in a thinner curry) For serving: White rice, brown rice or cauliflower rice
Fresh lime wedges
Cilantro leaves Directions: Add all ingredients except the coconut milk to a 3-quart or larger slow cooker. Cook on low 8-10 hours or in high 5-6 hours. Stir in the coconut milk and cook on low for another 30 minutes. The curry will be a bit thin at first; it thickens up as it sits. Scoop over rice and serve with cilantro and fresh lime wedges to squeeze over the top. * Curry powder brands can vary greatly, but I've tried several in this recipe and it always turns out great. So just use your favorite brand/blend and you should be good to go. Nutrition Information Yield: Serves 4-6, Serving Size: 1/6 of recipe Amount Per Serving:
Calories: 408 Calories
Total Fat: 15g
Saturated Fat: 9g
Sodium: 635mg
Carbohydrates: 52g
Fiber: 13g
Sugar: 9g
Protein: 16g All images and text © Kare for Kitchen Treaty.
Been solo mining just fine for now, been able to get some suncoinWhen does everyone think this is going to hit exchanges?
Advertised sites are not endorsed by the Bitcoin Forum. They may be unsafe, untrustworthy, or illegal in your jurisdiction. Advertise here.
dev said that we will hit an exchange within 12 hours.. now it should be 7-8.. you can find the post in this thread....
Been solo mining just fine for now, been able to get some suncoinWhen does everyone think this is going to hit exchanges?
dev said that we will hit an exchange within 12 hours.. now it should be 7-8.. you can find the post in this thread....
Been solo mining just fine for now, been able to get some suncoinWhen does everyone think this is going to hit exchanges?
ever figure out this problem? i've been having the same issue since this so called 'relaunch'. I didn't know relaunch would mean pools and wallets would just stop working... lol
I think my wallet is on the wrong fork, and can sync. It's getting stuck one block 9865 out of 10896. Anyone knows how I fix this?
thanks for responding, i've run it using the reindex, rescan, and server parameters... no luck so far. I have a feeling this relaunch cost me coins too, just frustrating that I can't get it to sync up to see. Any other ideas?
You can try deleting everything from your roaming folder EXCEPT wallet.dat, and make sure you use the addnodes from the op. Sounds like your peer list might be full of bad ones.
In a piece of Donald Trump's Super Bowl interview with Bill O'Reilly, Trump described how they get up in the morning, reads the news, and then "sees the lies" from the media.
Trump also notes that they only sleeps four or five hours per night.
"I read, I read the papers," Trump said about their morning routine. "I see what's going on television, I take a look, I see the lies."
"You know, the lies," they repeated.
About the mainstream media, the president said: "They'll take something that should be a good story - in fact sometimes I'll say, oh this is going to be nice to read. And they will purposely totally change it away. It's fake news."
O'REILLY: How many hours days are you working?
TRUMP: I am working long hours, long hours, right up till 12 o'clock, one o'clock in the morning --
O'REILLY: What time do you get up?
TRUMP: Five o'clock
O'REILLY: Alright, and you are working, you have to have breakfast and stuff…
TRUMP: Well I read, I read the papers, I see what's going on television, I take a look, I see the lies.
You know the lies, that's another thing.
I always got sort of good press. You know as a business guy I got good press.
O'REILLY: (laughs) I know.
TRUMP: I have never; I call it you know, fake news. Some of the networks and some of the papers it's so dishonest – the level of dishonesty, where they'll take a story that should be good, I know good from bad.
O'REILLY: Sure.
TRUMP: They'll take something that should be a good story - in fact sometimes I'll say oh this is going to be nice to read, I'll say whoa. And they will purposely totally change it away. It's fake news.
O'REILLY: Why are they doing that?
TRUMP: Well, because I am on the other side of the equation. I don't think they've ever -- they did it to Reagan, but not as much.
O'REILLY: But why though, I don't understand.
TRUMP: I don't, I just think that it's just the other side of the coin. It's a - you know they call themselves progressive, which is a beautiful word, but it's not true. When you look at what happens -
O'REILLY: Do you think they don't like you?
TRUMP: I don't know. I think they don't like my, my - I don't think they like anybody on our side.
The Old Globe presents the World Premiere of Allegiance -- A New American Musical, an epic story of family, love and patriotism set during the Japanese American internment of World War II. Allegiance -- A New American Musical will run on the Donald and Darlene Shiley Stage in the Old Globe Theatre, part of the Globe's Conrad Prebys Theatre Center, Sept. 7 -- Oct. 21, 2012. Tickets can be purchased online at www.TheOldGlobe.org. BroadwayWorld has a first look at the show. Check out the videos below!
Directed by Stafford Arima, with music and lyrics by Jay Kuo and book by Marc Acito, Kuo and Lorenzo Thione, the production features choreography by Andrew Palermo and music supervision, arrangements and orchestrations by Lynne Shankel.
Sixty years after the attack on Pearl Harbor, a chance meeting forces WWII veteran Sam Kimura to remember their family's relocation from their California farm to the Heart Mountain internment camp. As they struggle to adjust to their new home, Young Sam and their sister Kei find themselves torn between loyalty to their family and allegiance to their country. With its moving score, Allegiance -- A New American Musical takes audiences on a journey into our nation's history through the eyes of one American family.
Television and film icon George Takei, Tony Award-winning actor Lea Salonga and Broadway favorite Telly Leung head up the cast of Allegiance. The cast also features Michael K. Lee (Frankie Suzuki), Paolo Montalban (Mike Masaoka), Paul Nakauchi (Tatsuo Kimura) and Allie Trimm (Hannah Campbell) with Katie Boren, Jon Jon Briones, Geno Carr, Karl Josef Co, Marc de la Cruz, MaryAnn Hu, Brandon Joel Maier, Kürt Norby, Ann Sanders, Jill Townsend, Kay Trinidad and Scott Watanabe (Ensemble) and Jennifer Hubilla and Conrad Ricamora (Swings).
The creative team includes Laura Bergquist (Music Direction), Donyale Werle (Scenic Design), Alejo Vietti (Costume Design), Howell Binkley (Lighting Design), Jonathan Deans (Sound Design), Darrel Maloney (Projection Design), Jan Gist (Dialect Coach) Telsey + Company (Casting) and Anjee Nero (Stage Manager).
Related Articles
More Hot Stories For You
A recent undercover sting in Mobile, Ala., provides a window into the secret world of coded language pedophiles use online. And it's shockingly simplistic.
Jurors heard opening statements yesterday in the case of Alan Preston Prine, 60, arrested last November after exchanging more than 200 emails with an undercover officer posing as a 32-year-old housewife offering up their two pre-teen kids for sex. The flurry of emails began with this message posted to the “Casual Encounters” section of Craigslist:
“P.hamily fun serious replies only bama won yes T.erday and kansas state lost don't forget to H. elp the less fortunate this C. hristmas”
Detective James Morton, who posted the ad, was using the capital letters as a simple code: In pedophile circles, PTHC stands for “pre-teen hardcore.” The ad was an invitation, and Prine took Morton up on their offer.
Prine's lawyer is taking the “Internet as fantasyland” defense, claiming their client was simply role-playing. “It is not just officers who pose,” they told the court. “People on the Internet pose. This case presents a world of smoke and mirrors.”
A world of smoke and mirrors that nevertheless resolves into a pretty damning scene: Police busted Prine, carrying a pizza box, as they approached the supposed 32-year-old mother's apartment on Nov. 20. Earlier, Prine had explained in explicit detail exactly what they hoped to get out of the encounter:
“Are you into that?” Prine had written to the detective earlier. “That,” referred to, in Prine's words “sexual interaction between family members.”
Did the mom like to participate (in the incest and child rape) or just watch? “I enjoy both,” the detective replied, before asking Morton for their age preferences.
“9-plus,” Prine said,.
The children were about that old, the detective replied. They were ready and willing, they said.
Prine replied: “Wow, I'm speechless.”
If convicted, Prine faces 10 years to life in prison.
Photo via Anniston/Gadsden
Comment published today in the journal Nature calls for a moratorium on new oil sands projects in Alberta, Canada due to flaws in how oil sands decisions are made. The authors are a multidisciplinary group of economists, policy researchers, ecologists, and decision scientists.
They argue that the controversy around individual pipelines like Keystone XL in the US or Northern Gateway in Canada overshadows deeper policy flaws, including a failure to adequately address carbon emissions or the cumulative effect of multiple projects.
The authors point to the contradiction between the doubling of the rate of oil sands production over the past decade and international commitments made by Canada and the US to reduce carbon emissions.
“The expansion of oil sands development sends a troubling message to other nations that sit atop large unconventional oil reserves,” said lead author Wendy Palen, Assistant Professor at Canada's Simon Fraser University. “If Canada and the United States continue to move forward with rapid development of these reserves, both countries send a signal to other nations that they should disregard the looming climate crisis in favor of developing the most carbon-intensive fuels in the world.”
The authors point out that oil sands development decisions (e.g. pipelines, railways, mines, refineries, ports) made in isolation artificially restrict public discussions. Debate in the news media and during hearings for individual projects are limited to evaluating the short-term costs and benefits to the local economy, jobs, environment and health, and do not account for the long-term and cumulative consequences of multiple projects or of global carbon pollution.
Co-author Joseph Arvai, Professor and Research Chair in decision science at the University of Calgary, explained the problem. “Individual projects – a particular refinery or pipeline – may seem reasonable when evaluated in isolation, but the cumulative impacts of multiple projects create conflicts with our commitments to biodiversity, aboriginal rights, and controlling greenhouse gas emissions.
Though we have the knowledge and the tools to do better – to more carefully analyze these tradeoffs and make smarter long-term choices – so far governments have not used them.” A moratorium would create the opportunity for Canada and the United States to develop a join North American road map for energy development that recognizes the true social and environmental costs of infrastructure projects as well as account for national and international commitments to reduce carbon emissions. Anything less “demonstrates flawed policies and failed leadership”, the authors state.
Contact:
Wendy J. Palen
Department of Biological Sciences
Simon Fraser University
Burnaby, BC, Canada
Thomas D. Sisk
Landscape Conservation Initiative
School of Earth Sciences and Environmental Sustainability
Northern Arizona University
Flagstaff, Arizona
Maureen Ryan
School of Resource and Environmental Management
Simon Fraser University
Burnaby, BC, Canada
Joseph L. Árvai
Department of Geography
University of Calgary
Calgary, AB, Canada
Mark Jaccard
School of Resource and Environmental Management
Simon Fraser University
Burnaby, BC, Canada
Anne Salomon
School of Resource and Environmental Management
Simon Fraser University
Burnaby, BC, Canada
Thomas Homer-Dixon
Balsillie School of International Affairs
University of Waterloo
Waterloo, ON, Canada
Ken Lertzman
School of Resource and Environmental Management
Simon Fraser University
Burnaby, BC, Canada
Will Donald Trump make the Cabinet great again?
Recent reports suggest that once in office, the president-elect may delegate a great deal of policymaking authority to their 15 Cabinet secretaries, rather than managing things hands on or through White House staff.
Trump is planning to give their Cabinet “unusually wide latitude,” Politico's Josh Dawsey and Andrew Restuccia reported earlier this month, citing sources close to the transition. They added that Trump's own role would likely be that of a “chairperson-of-the-board style manager,” focusing on “high-profile issues, publicity and their brand.”
This would come as a contrast to the increasingly White House–dominated systems recent presidents have set up — and that secretaries have chafed at, viewing many White House staffers as overly political and power-hungry micromanagers. “Never has the job of Cabinet secretary seemed smaller,” Glenn Thrush wrote in a 2013 feature on President Obama's team.
Related 7 paths the Trump presidency could take
For a president who has little interest in the nitty-gritty of policy, this seems to make a whole lot of sense. Why not let the Cabinet secretaries — many of whom are successful business people or generals — run their own shops? That would bring different voices into the policymaking process rather than centralizing power in the White House yet again.
Here's the problem: This has been tried before, several times, and it never seems to work out. “My reaction is that that will last until the first few Cabinet meetings,” says Andrew Rudalevige, a political science professor at Bowdoin College.
Indeed, from Richard Nixon through Obama, nearly every new president has come into office vowing to empower their Cabinet, but eventually ended up reining them in and empowering the White House instead.
That's because there's a structural problem here: The president and their White House team are charged with coming up with an overall strategy for the administration's success, but each Cabinet official tends to end up primarily concerned with their or their department's particular set of issues. This is a recipe for conflict. For example:
Some Cabinet secretaries go off message and earn the White House's ire by creating inconvenient headlines.
Other secretaries become viewed as having “gone native,” advocating for their own department's interests over what the White House sees as the greater good.
Fights over personnel are constant, with the White House wanting to install loyalists to the president and Cabinet officials seeking their own people. (We're already seeing some under Trump.)
Some Cabinet secretaries lose out in power struggles with White House staffers, who themselves naturally want more influence in the administration.
Eventually, recent presidents have generally concluded that a having a Cabinet full of independent actors is more trouble than it's worth. And while it's not impossible for Trump to defy this historical trend, he'd have to solve some serious incentive problems — and be a strikingly good manager — to pull it off.
“The Cabinet” isn't really a thing anymore
New presidents with little experience in the executive branch often idealistically believe they can use the Cabinet better than their predecessors, either through greater delegation or by relying on it as an advisory body.
Nixon initially pledged to “strengthen the Cabinet,” Jimmy Carter said they believed “in Cabinet administration of government,” and Ronald Reagan said the Cabinet would be their “inner circle” and “almost like the board of directors,” as Rudalevige recounts in The Presidency and the Political System.
But using the full Cabinet as an advisory body is hard in practice. For one, it's too big these days — there are 15 full department secretaries and seven other Cabinet-level officials. More importantly, the various secretaries often have little relevant knowledge or experience about the issues their counterparts in other departments are facing. So as a rule, modern-day Cabinet meetings have been purely for show.
As a result, Cabinet secretaries end up being less attuned to the political, strategic, and messaging priorities of the White House. That's in part simply because of where they sit and whom they see and talk to every day. It's also in part due to their own bureaucratic incentives and self-interest.
“The reality is that Cabinet secretaries' duties and inclinations often put them on a collision course with White House staffers, who are trying to rein them in and harness them to presidential priorities,” writes James Pfiffner, a public policy professor at George Mason University.
“Presidents making these decisions at the start of their terms are starting at the lowest point of knowledge about how bureaucracy works and how the government works,” says Matthew Dickinson, a political scientist at Middlebury College. “But then you get into the governing details, and you realize you've delegated authority to, say, Betsy DeVos, who's decided to pick a fight with the teachers unions, or Rex Tillerson, who's gone out pursuing a solution to the Mideast problem that's contrary to what you want.”
It's easy for Cabinet secretaries to step on the White House's message
In early 2009, President Obama was desperately trying to woo rural red-state Democratic senators, knowing he'd eventually need their votes for their health reform bill. Their White House staff knew this was one of the president's top priorities, and that other issues — like new gun control legislation — would have to take a back seat.
Attorney General Eric Holder, however, didn't get the memo. Back during the campaign, Obama had said he'd push for renewing the expired ban on assault weapons. So when Holder was asked about the topic at the press conference, they said the administration planned to do just that. And as Daniel Klaidman recounts in their book Kill or Capture, White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel was not exactly happy about it:
Emanuel was furious. They slammed their desk and cursed the attorney general. Holder was only repeating a position Obama had expressed during the campaign, but that was before the White House needed the backing of pro-gun Democrats from red states for their domestic agenda. The chief of staff sent word to Justice that Holder needed to “shut the fuck up” on guns…
The conflict between Holder and Emanuel — which recurred again and again on various topics over Obama's first two years — is just one example of how a well-meaning Cabinet secretary can end stepping on the White House's preferred strategy or message of the day. Thrush's piece on the Cabinet contains a similar tale about Energy Secretary Steven Chu, who committed the awful crime of publicly discussing climate change when the administration wanted to focus on jobs.
Neither Holder nor Chu was trying to undercut the president or their positions. But the Senate math on health reform and the White House message of the day on the economy just weren't at the forefront of their minds, since they were spending more time on their own issue areas. So they end up being viewed as troublemakers by a monomaniacally focused White House.
“If you are letting the Cabinet do what it wants, you will have lots of different stories, and it's harder to control the narrative of your administration,” Rudalevige says. For Donald Trump in particular — who always wants to be the center of attention — they may not be so thrilled if their Cabinet secretaries keep making news that they don't like.
Many Cabinet officials get “captured” by their departments
But some Cabinet clashes with the White House have deeper roots than a simple lack of message discipline. When appointees go off to head their respective departments, many suddenly ... change.
“It's quite standard for political appointees to come in and then be exposed to the mission of the agency, and have senior staff brief them, to learn something about the agency and enlarge their perspective. And they end up moderating some of their views,” Harvard law professor and former Obama climate adviser Jody Freeman recently told Vox's Brad Plumer.
And in the most extreme cases, these appointees become viewed as championing their department's interests, or the interests of the constituents the department is closest to, over the president's own priorities.
This effect can sometimes be rather comical. During the Nixon administration, Caspar Weinberger served as budget director and loved spending cuts so much they were dubbed “Cap the Knife.” But when they were moved to head the Defense Department under Reagan, they suddenly grew to love defense spending increases so much that some renamed them “Cap the Ladle.”
Nixon aide John Ehrlichman referred to this phenomenon as “going native.” They had a point, Rudalevige argues, writing that “presidents constantly and correctly worry that department heads have divided loyalties … [that] the secretaries may become champions of the department as an institution.” They add: “Departments owe too much to too many political actors for presidents to fully trust their chiefs' motives or advice.”
Who gets to pick Cabinet officials' subordinates?
The president of the United States is responsible for filling more than 4,000 executive branch positions — many of which are sub-Cabinet posts strewn around the various departments, and therefore subordinate to the Cabinet secretaries.
Naturally, Cabinet secretaries would like to have a major say in who will be working for them. But appointments are one of the president's most important powers. On the one hand, they serve the classic patronage role of rewarding supporters. On the other hand, the president wants people who will work for them rather than against them in key jobs.
Furthermore, there are structural reasons for the White House and Cabinet to disagree on sub-Cabinet appointments. The secretaries fear the White House “will weigh too heavily the political service of the appointee and will neglect the expertise, managerial ability, and compatibility of the nominee with the other executives in the department,” Pfiffner writes for the Presidential Transition Project. Conversely, “the White House staff tends to suspect that Cabinet secretaries are likely to recruit people who are loyal to the Cabinet secretary but not necessarily to the president.”
Presidents who give away a great deal of their appointment power to their Cabinet secretaries quickly usually regret it (as both Nixon and Carter did). “They wind up with departments that aren't necessarily on the president's page, but rather working for each Cabinet office,” Rudalevige says. “You can argue from a technocratic competence perspective that that's a good thing. But from the president's perspective, he's trying to herd 4 million cats toward their preferred policy outcomes, and [the appointment power] is not really a resource they can afford to give away.”
The Reagan transition, meanwhile, took a different approach — carefully vetting appointees in the White House personnel office, making sure those chosen would be loyal to the president and would work to carry out their agenda. “We wanted our appointees to be the president's ambassadors to the agencies, not the other way around,” Reagan aide Ed Meese later wrote.
Similar conflicts are already taking shape under Trump. The Washington Post's Josh Rogin reported earlier this month that Defense Secretary-designate James Mattis and the Trump transition team were having “an increasingly acrimonious dispute” over DOD jobs. The Trump people didn't want “NeverTrumpers” rewarded with jobs, while Mattis was unimpressed at the names they were offering them instead.
The White House staff naturally wants power and control for themselves — and many truly are closer to the president
Finally, delegation to the Cabinet often doesn't work out in practice because the White House staff doesn't want it to work out. Those staff members tend to be ambitious people who want influence and control, and often they're both physically and substantively closer to the president than the Cabinet secretaries are.
This is the case for Trump as well. Their White House is filled with campaign loyalists such as chief strategist Steve Bannon, counselor to the president Kellyanne Conway, and National Security Adviser Michael Flynn — as well as the president-elect's own son-in-law, Jared Kushner. So when they claim to speak to the president and to know what they would want, their claims will sound plausible.
Meanwhile, out of all Trump's Cabinet appointments, they appear to be personally close to just a few — such as Steve Mnuchin at Treasury (his campaign fundraising chair), Wilbur Ross at Commerce (a longtime friend), and Jeff Sessions at Justice (who often traveled with Trump during the campaign). Many of the others — like Rex Tillerson and James Mattis — Trump barely knows. A few they seem to have barely spoken to.
In theory, delegation of substantial power to the Cabinet could work if the president empowers people they fully trust in those positions and is comfortable making do with only a weak White House staff. Neither appears to be the case for Trump.
“If the president can set priorities that are widely shared by those who work for him, the management process is much easier,” says Dickinson. “If they don't, that leads to competing power centers and rivals.”
Such competition has often led to a midterm shake-up, in which the president concludes their administration is a mess and decides to solve it — by centralizing more power in the White House.
