The Fremont Solstice Parade is Saturday, and that means it's time to go buy some paint, put a plastic bag on your saddle and join hundreds of people in the annual Solstice Cyclists Painted Bike Ride (AKA the Fremont Solstice Naked Bike Ride).
For 23 years, people have been biking naked in front of the Fremont Solstice Parade, an awesome human-powered parade that rings in the summer Seattle-style. Over the years, more and more people have joined in the pre-parade bike ride with recent years seeing perhaps 1,000 riders (there's no official count, so nobody really knows how many people participate).
The ride helped inspire the World Naked Bike Ride, which happens in cities across the globe each summer. But unlike the WNBR, the Fremont Solstice ride has no overt political statement. Rather, it's just a mass display of bold creativity.
If you get painted up at your own private painting party, just show up at the parade start at the corner of 3rd Ave NW and NW 36th St between 2:30 and 3 p.m. Don't be late or they won't let you in. Or you can join the official group painting party at CSR Marine (4701 Shilshole Ave NW), which goes from 9 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. Then there's usually a slow tour of Ballard before entering the parade route. Bring $10 to donate.
So you're thinking of biking naked…
Congratulations! The solstice ride is an absolute blast. Here are a few tips you should know before you start:
Put on sunscreen before you paint. Even if it looks cloudy, just do it. You can thank me later.
Cover your bike saddle with a plastic bag. If you don't you'll be biking around with telltale evidence of your Solstice ride covering your saddle and your pants for the next couple months.
Be prepared for a lot of photographers. It's a public event, and your photo will get taken a lot. If you can't be seen participating for whatever reason, consider wearing a mask, wig, giant sunglasses or some other clever disguise.
Go “as bare as you dare.” People ride in various levels of paint and costuming.
Bring a way to carry your clothes on your bike to Gas Works Park. It's not a round trip.
Don't drink too much before the ride. Every year you see a couple people who hit the liquid courage a bit too hard.
Be awesome and have fun!
Oh, what's that? You don't have a bike for the ride? Well, you're in luck! This is the first Solstice Parade since Pronto Cycle Share launched, and they're offering six hours of riding without late fees so people can use their bikes in the parade. All you have to do is check out a bike, ride in the parade, return it within six hours and then call customer service (844-677-6686) by midnight to tell them you were in the parade.
But please, do us all a solid and cover the saddle with a plastic bag when you ride!
And finally, here's one of the funnier fundraising ideas I've heard in a while: New this year, organizers will carry your clothes to the end of the ride for a $10 donation to the Fremont Arts Council, which puts on the main parade (UPDATE: Ethan says they had to cancel this service due to a lack of pre-registrations. Still, it was a good idea!). Details:
Solstice Cyclist Shuttle Service: Have your clothes arrive at Gas Works Park for you! Fremont Arts Council will offer the Stuff Shuttle Service for cyclists from the Paint up Party to Gas Works Park. Fill a box for $10. There will be a U-haul Van parked at the Paint site to offer this service. There will be water bottles for sale at this point as well. All proceeds directly support the Parade. Reserve your box now, they'll fill up fast! contact parade@fremontartscouncil.org.
Here's the schedule for the ride:
Friday
6:00-7:30 p.m. Set up at CSR Marine, 4701 Shilshole Ave NW. Saturday
9:00-1:30 Painting at CSR Marine or satellite locations. 1:30-2:00 Clean up and organize for ride. 2:00-2:30 Ride to parade. 2:30-3:00 Enter the parade route. 3:00-?? Loop back through the parade route as often as you like, always keeping ahead of the parade, and always keeping to the right side of the street. Sunday
11:00-1:00 Clean up at CSR Marine.
SAN FRANCISCO — On the same day the nation's attention was riveted by a gunman's attack on members of Congress near the nation's capital, three people were killed and two were injured in a workplace shooting Wednesday morning at a UPS facility in San Francisco, authorities said.
The alleged shooter at the UPS facility died after turning an assault pistol on themselves after officers confronted him, San Francisco police said. The tragedy came only hours after a man unleashed a barrage of gunfire at Republican members of Congress practicing for a charity baseball game in Alexandria, Virginia.
Related Articles UPS shooting: Previous Bay Area mass shootings
Listen: Chaotic moments following UPS shooting in San Francisco
Saddened UPS employees return to work after deadly San Francisco attack In San Francisco, the suspect fatally shot three UPS employees and wounded two others at the UPS warehouse and customer service center in San Francisco, near 17th Street and San Bruno Avenue in the Potrero Hill neighborhood. Five others suffered minor injuries trying to get out of the building during the panic.
One of the victims was identified by the San Francisco Chronicle as 46-year-old Hercules resident Mike Lefiti, a longtime UPS driver. San Francisco police identified the other two shooting victims as Wayne Chan, 56, and Benson Louie, 50, both of San Francisco, KGO-TV Channel 7 said late Wednesday.
The shooting was reported shortly before 9 a.m., but police did not release any more details.
UPS spokesperson Steve Gaut confirmed that four UPS employees, including the shooter, had been taken to hospitals.
“The company is saddened and deeply concerned about affected employees, family members and the community we share,” Gaut wrote in a statement. “Our thoughts and prayers are with all those touched by this incident.”
Two firearms were recovered at the scene, said San Francisco police Sgt. Michael Andraychak.
A San Francisco police department official has identified the gunman as Jimmy Lam. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because the investigation into the shooting is ongoing.
The official said Lam is from San Francisco but had no immediate details on their background.
A union official said the gunman had filed a grievance complaining that they were working excessive overtime.
Joseph Cilia, an official with a local Teamsters Union, said Lam's grievance filed in March requested that UPS relieve them of working overtime going forward.
Still, Cilia said Lam wasn't angry, and they could not understand why they would open fire on their colleagues at a morning meeting on Wednesday.
Cilia said two other drivers who were wounded have been released from the hospital and will be OK.
Authorities secured the building, and a San Francisco Police Department special operations units searched the facility for additional victims and witnesses, according to the department.
Uniformed UPS employees were led out in a line by officers next to a highway. They walked away calmly with emergency vehicles nearby and gathered nearby outside a restaurant.
Two bodies were found inside the UPS facility and two outside the building, police said. Authorities have not released identities of the slain.
Brent Andrew, a spokesperson for Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital, said the hospital had received the victims, but they did not know exactly how many people or their conditions.
A witness said they believed the suspect was a driver who shot at other drivers during a morning meeting at the facility that operates as a packaging sorting hub and delivery center, according to ABC7.
Officials, UPS employees and neighbors described chaos and panic as shots rang out during the meeting.
“They were all in rapid succession,” Raymond Deng, a 30-year-old tech worker who lives across the street from the warehouse, said of the gunshots. “It was like tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat.”
Auto shop owner Robert Kim said they heard about five to eight rapid gunshots. The next thing they knew, they said, “there's a mob of UPS drivers” running down the street screaming “shooter, shooter.”
A UPS worker, who wished to remain anonymous, said they were working on the second floor when the shooting broke out on the third floor and did not hear the commotion. But they confirmed that the shooting happened at the morning roll-call meeting for UPS drivers. They said that they were friends with one of the victims, nicknamed Big Mike, a driver who they said died at the hospital.
They also said they knew the shooter, also a driver, whom they described as “a shy and quiet person” who they believe had been working for UPS for eight to 10 years.
“I was surprised because they were a quiet guy,” they said. “He didn't talk much … and they killed himself, too, after they killed the others. … I don't understand because they had a family. I feel so sad.”
They said several of their co-workers were crying, with heads down in shock and disbelief.
“I couldn't believe it,” they said. “We never expected that.”
In a statement, San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee expressed gratitude for the first responders and sympathy for those who lost loved ones.
“I want to thank our brave officers of the San Francisco Police Department, and our dedicated employees at 911 and San Francisco General Hospital. I also want to offer my condolences and thoughts for the individuals and families affected by the senseless act of violence at the UPS facility. We all know the familiar faces of our local UPS drivers and delivery persons. Today's tragedy will be felt in every community served by these committed employees.”
State Sen. Scott Wiener, D-San Francisco, also shared their thoughts.
“Praying for the shooting victims at the UPS facility in San Francisco. Way too many shootings in this country. It's depressing,” Wiener tweeted.
The Salvation Army, Red Cross and other agencies were working together to provide counseling and support to employees still reeling from the shooting.
Reporter Harry Harris and The Associated Press contributed to this story.
The full text of the UPS statement, by Steve Gaut, following the shooting:
UPS confirms there was a shooting incident involving 4 employees within the company's facility in San Francisco earlier this morning. Local law enforcement are conducting an investigation. We cannot provide information as to the identity of persons involved at this time, pending the police investigation. We understand that there are potentially multiple deaths, although some individuals were transported to the hospital and we are unsure of their status at this time.
The company is saddened and deeply concerned about affected employees, family members and the community we share. Our thoughts and prayers are with all those touched by this incident. The facility is an area package sorting hub and package delivery center. UPS employs 850 at the facility.
A photo posted by Melania Trump (@melaniaatrump) on Nov 10, 2016 at 9:12am PST
Update: According to WWD, fashion baron Karl Lagerfeld is “likely” to join Ralph Lauren in dressing Melania Trump for their husband's inauguration this Friday. Like Lauren, Lagerfeld is a former Hillary Clinton supporter. Although the German designer was, for obvious reasons, ineligible to vote in the U.S. election, they nonetheless weighed in on the matter. “I think with the first black president, what they need now is the first woman president. That has to change, too,” the always opinionated, rarely politically correct Lagerfeld told The Associated Press back in March.
Whether this means Melania will be wearing Fendi, Chanel or Lagerfeld's eponymous brand remains to be seen. Whether Lagerfeld will be responsible for Melania's day or evening look is also a mystery. Although Lauren is known for their polished, preppy suiting, we could just as easily picture Melania donning a tweed two-piece for the swearing-in and an off-the-shoulder Lauren number later that evening. A Jackie O.-inspired Chanel suit would certainly get the fashion world talking — not that this apparent endorsement from Lagerfeld and Lauren, two major designer powerhouses, hasn't already. Several wary designers have remained mum on the subject of dressing the incoming first lady (Christian Siriano among them), but with Lauren and Lagerfeld calling for separation of fashion and state, it's hard to imagine their peers (underlings?) won't fall in line.
January 17, 2017: Either Ralph Lauren has not been following the L.L. Bean backlash or they are one very brave man. WWD reports that the American designer is now working on a custom piece for Melania Trump's Inauguration Day appearance (in T-3 days). Spokespeople for Lauren have neither confirmed nor denied the rumors.
Of course, unlike duck boot heiress Linda Bean, Ralph Lauren — at least up until November 8, 2016 — was a staunch Hillary Clinton supporter. They created the pantsuits worn by the former presidential candidate on several key occasions, including all three debates, their trip to the voting booth and their concession speech. Perhaps that's why the public didn't think much of it when Melania wore a one-shoulder Ralph Lauren jumpsuit (purchased at the brand's Madison Avenue store) to their husband's acceptance speech. Up until now, the FLOTUS-elect's wardrobe has been largely off-the-rack.
[ Michelle Obama's Best Looks Ever (Including That Versace Dress) ]
True, designing a custom piece for Melania is, on the most surface level, an act of bipartisanship (which Obama and Clinton have urged ever since Trump's victory). On the other hand, popular sentiment seems to be that to participate in Trump's inauguration (or administration) in any sense is to condone the 45th U.S. President's political beliefs. Thus far, the list of inauguration performers reads like a flyer for a low-budget college concert and few celebrities — apart from Caitlyn Jenner — have deigned to RSVP, despite the potential for exposure.
The fashion world seems (somewhat) further removed from the matter. After all, as Cynthia Rowley told WWD, “She can simply purchase whatever they want, so how can we control it?” That said, several designers have seized the chance to make a political statement, speaking out either for or against dressing Melania. If Ralph Lauren is, in fact, outfitting the soon-to-be first lady, we'll be interested to see whether they gain Isabel Toledo-like acclaim or joins L.L. Bean and New Balance in the proverbial pillory.
[ via WWD ]
Investigators say Carson believed Kauffman and others were stealing valuable antiques from storage containers on their property and that they wanted to stop the thefts by sending a message.
Kauffman was on their way to steal from Carson when they disappeared, according to a 326-page court filing police used to get arrest warrants.
Carson's attorney, Percy Martinez, said their client is innocent and their arrest was politically motivated.
Carson ran unsuccessfully for district attorney last year. They have been under investigation since Kauffman disappeared, Martinez said. Investigators searched Carson's property in 2012.
"We welcome the opportunity to fight this in court," Martinez said.
The CHP officers were all associated with the brothers and the Turlock liquor store.
CHP officers Scott McFarlane and Eduardo Quintanar are suspected of obstructing the investigation. They are accused of lying about their involvement with the liquor store and the two brothers who own it.
Investigators say Quintanar told one of the brothers to tell another suspect to check under their car for police tracking devices.
Former CHP Officer Walter Wells is suspected of murder.
"The entire department and I are appalled at the mere thought that one former and two current employees played any role in this incident," CHP Commissioner Joe Farrow said.
Wells left the CHP several weeks ago and the other two officers have been placed on administrative leave, Farrow said.
Carson's wife, Georgia Geanette Defilippo, is also accused of participating in the killing. Defilippo's daughter was also arrested on suspicion of conspiracy and being an accessory.
Robert Woody was the only person originally charged in Kauffman's death.
All of the suspects remained jailed Friday.
Duncan Storrar donates $6k from $60k crowdfunding campaign to Father Bob Foundation
Updated
Father Bob Maguire says today's announcement of a $6,000 donation from a crowdfunding campaign which raised money for Duncan Storrar will "make a huge difference" for The Father Bob Foundation.
A representative for Mr Storrar announced the donation on the GoFundMe campaign page, Buy Duncan Storrar a Toaster, which raised more than $60,000 after they appeared on Q&A and asked a question about tax thresholds.
"If [the donation] is true, it would make a huge difference for us," Father Bob told the ABC.
"We go out six times a week; three times a week we set up outside Coles near port Melbourne, one night a week we visit Alma Park, we also go to Dorcas Street once a week and another little place called Peanut Farm in St Kilda, where there are about 150 people."
The $6,000 donation to The Father Bob Foundation is "to assist in buying an oven to cook food for the homeless — of which they are in desperate need".
"This is to acknowledge the toaster that was originally suggested in the campaign," the statement on Mr Storrar's GoFundMe page said.
'I've got something and I'm going to share it with you'
Father Bob only just saw the announcement on Twitter this morning and was surprised by the donation.
"It's amazing that this has come from someone who has been through hell himself, most of the people we deal with have been through hell but this guy has been through hell himself, so it's nice they have thought of us," they said.
In a written statement given to the ABC's Media Watch program last week, Mr Storrar thanked the "wonderful people of Australia" for supporting them and hit out at some of the media reporting of their story.
They said there were lessons to be learned from the attacks they faced.
Father Bob said their organisation was scavenging for much-needed kitchen equipment and that an oven would help with what they do.
"We're beggars, we beg. We haven't got government funding so we ask for money and sometimes it can come from left field, from Duncan Storrar of all people," they said.
"A lot of people are going through hell but it's good to know there are some people out there thinking of us.
"We ask for money from anyone and low and [behold] Duncan Storrar says 'I'm here, I've got something and I'm going to share it with you'. It's really good."
The role of The Father Bob Foundation is to "realise Father Bob's vision of ending homelessness" by giving all kids a fair start to life and feeding those who are not guaranteed a meal, the organisation's website says.
The majority of the money that was raised in the GoFundMe campaign is to be retained to cover costs for Mr Storrar's young children's future secondary education.
A $5,000 donation to a Men's Shed in the rural town where Mr Storrar took refuge when the media storm arose was also announced on the page.
Topics: government-and-politics, television, community-and-society, information-and-communication, australia
First posted
The U.S. military's detention facility at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba – almost universally known as “Gitmo” and often abbreviated “GTMO” – is controversial to say the least, prompting continued and heated debates over torture and other legal issues, as well being a lightning rod for general criticism of U.S. counter-terrorism operations around the world. But the camp is also a prison with many of the same banal features of any other such facility, including a library, and thanks to an enterprising individual's Freedom of Information Act Request, we now know what's in its somewhat eclectic catalog. In July 2015, a private individual submitted a FOIA request for the “GTMO Inmate Library Catalogue of Books” and the “GTMO Inmate Library Catalogue of Videos/Films.” Nearly two years later, U.S. Southern Command, which oversees the Guantanamo Bay naval base and Joint Task Force-Guantanamo (JTF-GTMO), sent along the more than 600 pages listing all the items in the library's various catalogs, including duplicates. Government transparency website GovernmentAttic.org posted a copy of these records online in August 2017.
“Upon completion of our line-by-line review, we determined this information is currently and properly unclassified and releasable in its entirety,” Marco Villalobos, the SOUTHCOM FOIA manager wrote in their official response letter. This process is protocol, but it's hard to imagine that anything in the inmate library would've ever been classified. The catalogs read like the description of something that's one part foreign archive, one part second-hand book store, and one part middle school library. To be sure, there are items in a host of different languages, catering to what has been an especially diverse inmate population since Gitmo's detention facility first opened in 2002. There are books in Arabic, Bahasa, Farsi, French, German, Pashtu, Russian, Spanish, Swahili, Turkish, Uigher, and Urdu. A significant number of these are just translation dictionaries or textbooks on how to learn English.
DOD Detainees at the Camp Delta detention facility at Guantanamo Bay.
Donald Weber's quest for a compelling story has taken them across the planet, through Africa, eastern Europe, Russia and South America. The Toronto-born shooter has won two World Press Photo Awards, the Lange-Taylor Documentary Prize, completed the Guggenheim and Canada Council fellowships and is a member of the acclaimed VII Photo Agency. After years abroad, the Canadian photojournalist is back living in North America and wrapping up a new project, War Sand. They recently took time from their busy schedule to talk about the project, how they do what they do, and why working at a newspaper is still an awesome job.
How I Got the Riot Kiss Photo read more
Announcements, Events & more from Tyee and select partners ‘Punch to the Gut' Musical on Residential Schools Returns to Vancouver Children of God has been shaped by intense audience reactions, says director Corey Payette.
Where are you based now and why?
"Los Angeles. I lived in Kiev and Moscow for a long time and then I lived in Rome. I was looking to come back to North America. I've got half my family over here. I love to be an outsider and not from the place where I'm living. I love the feeling that I get from never quite understanding where it is that I live. But it can be difficult. I wanted to come where I could speak English and be normal and understand the people around me and not have to shake my head in dismay and wonder all the time. And the sun is really nice, I have to say."
Your work is very up close and personal yet unobtrusive. Can you describe your approach?
"I really hate street photography, and I hate it not because I don't like to do it but because I'm really uncomfortable with it. As a photographer, I've got to take pictures of people, so I needed to do something about that. So the strategy -- and I didn't sit down and think about it; it kind of just came organically -- was I would try to make a connection. You just start a conversation. I found that people are genuinely interested in you if you're genuinely interested in them. There's a trust formed. It's a thin layer of trust, but there is some kind of bond that is made. And from there I usually can get invited back to somebody's home and from there it's even more intimate sharing. I think that is how my photography -- the look, the feel and the aesthetic -- was formed. It's not about the mastery of photography. It's about the mastery of engaging with a subject."
You run a lot of workshops. Is that [the people skills] something that can be taught?
"I never really thought it could be, but I was teaching a workshop in New York this summer and there was a Turkish photographer. They basically said, 'Oh no, I can't do that. Every time I ask somebody to take their picture, they tell me to go away or screw off.' I said, 'Show me your approach. What are you doing?' It's not really that hard to walk up to somebody and say, 'I'd like to take your picture.' It's all in the way that you compose yourself and comport your attitude and such. So I had them pretend that I'm their subject and the way they kind of came, lunging at me, was actually quite terrifying. So we did a role play and I tried to be a subject and give them a hard time but also gave them some guidance. The next day they came back with 10 portraits. I said, 'What was the difference there?' They said they complimented everybody that they saw. What I was saying to them was you've got to offer something to that person. Asking for pictures, you are taking something, it's a transaction. So what do they get in return? You have to give them something, not literally, but you have to give, it's a give-and-take relationship. It's about personality too. It's really all about body language."
When you were working on your Interrogations series, what went through your head when the interrogator pulled out a gun and held it to your subject's head? Was it difficult to remain composed?
"It was literally maybe two seconds. I had my camera up at that point anyway. Looking through the viewfinder, kind of off to the side, I saw them reach into their holster. It came out, they held it for a second, then they put it back in. Frankly, I wasn't thinking anything. It was one of those moments like, did that really happen? And then when I went back later to see if I got anything... there it was."
What about your work dealing with death and destruction, covering the aftermath of the tsunami in Fukushima or the conflict in South Ossetia. Did any of that affect you negatively?
"It's tough. You're powerless to do anything except stand there and look. I can't offer any help or solution, and I think that's the most difficult aspect of the job. That's part of the reason why I live in the place I live. It's because it's sunny. It's nice, it's a good city, I've got my family around me, etc. You need to have balances. I don't do much of that kind of photography anymore. Part of the reason is because you can get lost. Psychologically, you can go down a dark rabbit hole and never return. I've got lots of friends who have struggled with PTSD and such after doing conflicts and disaster photography, and sometimes I have to ask why. What's the point of doing it? I think that's the most terrifying thing, and that's the futility of photography."
Do you think there's more awareness of that now, or do you think there are still lots of aspiring photojournalists who want to be Robert Capa and get into that stuff not realizing the consequences?
"I've got no problem with people wanting to go do it. But you have to do it for the right reasons, and be motivated and sincere about the thing that you choose to pursue. It's an incredibly romantic profession. I knew when I was a teenager that, to me, the coolest thing was to wear a leather jacket, and... pick up all the chicks in the world by telling them all these great adventures that I've been on and the things that I've seen. But you never know the reality of the things that you've seen until you actually go see [them]. Photography in general is such a difficult, disheartening profession. Just trying to be a newspaper photographer or a wedding photographer or a pet photographer is such an incredibly difficult business that I think the romance quickly recedes."
You've documented a lot of people and communities in far flung, exotic locations -- the Arctic, eastern Europe, Afghanistan, Japan. Do you have any interest in documenting a community closer to home?
"I don't really like to work in the places I'm living. I need to go far out. I need to be challenged culturally. For me, it would be very difficult to make a story in Canada or the U.S. I don't know. But I'm also open to possibility. You never know what's going to happen. In the end, all I'm looking for is a really compelling story to tell."
You're a member of VII, a group of the world's 22 most preeminent photojournalists. What's that process like? What does an agency like that do for you?
"They're kind of [an] agent and manager, so to speak. They help you get work. They help you to make contacts and clients and all kinds of connections and such within the industry... In the case of VII, you have to apply to get in and then have members vote you in. That's traditionally what it would do. But nowadays it's such a different beast and, frankly, VII is struggling to determine our fate, who are we, what do we do, why do we do it, what can an agency do for photographers? So we are in the middle of restructuring and re-shifting our focus."
Not to get all gear-head on you, but can you tell me what's in the bag? What do you carry into the field?
"I carry two seven-year-old Canon 5Ds, the originals. That's my body of choice -- I love them, they're tanks. I have a 24 mm and a 35 mm prime. I have a 24-70 mm that I use occasionally and I have a Fuji X, I don't even know what's called, I barely use it, an X-Pro1. That's about it. Basically what I do is I have two cameras and in the morning I just pick one for the day and I go out with that and I just walk around with one camera. I'm kind of lazy. I don't want to have all this stuff. I've got a couple big flash cards, 8 GB cards -- put those in your pocket, carry an extra battery and you're good for the day."
You travel light. Does that go back to your approach?
"Yeah. Any kind of DSLR is big and black and it's got that lens on there. Even if I had a 300 mm or a 24 mm, you still stick out. A professional camera is a pretty giant thing when you put it in front of your face. That's why I like the 5D. It's smaller, it's not as obtrusive."
Can you tell me about your latest project?
"It's called War Sand. It's using microscopic photography and landscape photography to look at the beaches of the Normandy D-Day invasions. I've been collecting sand samples and working with Kevin Robie, a professor at Queen's University, to use microscopes to photograph the remaining shrapnel that's still found in the sand. To the naked eye it just looks like a grain of sand. What I've been doing is taking hundreds of samples from each of the five beaches, then bringing them back to a university, then using a special microscope to find and sort out all of the World War II materials. They call it micro-archaeology. Most of it is shot, but I still have one or two trips left and then I would like to start working on a book of it."
Do you have a personal motivation or family members who served in the Second World War?
"I read about micro-archaeology in an archaeology magazine. I like archaeology and I thought that was really fascinating and I'm interested in World War II. It's always been something that's intrigued me. I read a story about these British commandos in 1943, frogmen who had to swim onto the beaches to take sand and soil samples and secretly take them back to England to get analyzed to see if they could handle an invasion force. I remembered that story from 20 years ago, so I put two-and-two together and thought well, I guess I'm the tenth commando here, I need to go find some modern sand samples on Normandy."
You've been named as a World Press Photo nominator for next year's Joop Swart Masterclass, which brings together the world's top photojournalists with 12 young, promising shooters. What will you be looking for?
"The idea is to find some up and coming photographers. The thing with Joop Swart is it's for somebody who's already done something in their career and has the potential to go further, so it's kind of like recognition of potential. For me, I want somebody who might not necessarily be the world's greatest photographer but has an innovative way to tell stories or has an interesting eye for what a story is, and might need a little bit of development on their photography. As opposed to a photographer who is an absolutely stunning photographer, but who just does what everybody else does. That to me isn't very interesting."
Von Jürgen Fritz
Im Saarland regiert seit 2012 eine schwarz-rote Landesregierung unter Ministerpräsidentin Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer (CDU). Wird diese ihre Regierungskoalition nach der Wahl am Sonntag fortsetzen können oder droht erstmals in einem westdeutschen Bundesland eine rot-dunkelrote Regierung?
Mit kaum einer Million Einwohner, nicht einmal ein Drittel so viel wie Berlin, gehört das Saarland zu den kleinsten der 16 Bundesländer. Nur Bremen hat mit ca. 670.000 Einwohnern eine noch geringere Bevölkerung. Insofern kommt der Landtagswahl im Saarland natürlich nicht annähernd die gleiche Bedeutung zu wie der Schlüsselwahl am 14. Mai in Nordrhein-Westfalen, das mit ca. 17,9 Millionen Einwohnern rund 18 mal so groß ist. Dafür verspricht die Saarlandwahl am Sonntag extrem spannend zu werden. Inwiefern? Schauen wir uns dazu die jeweils letzten Umfragen von Forsa, Infratest dimap, INSA und Forschungsgruppe Wahlen an.
Ergebnisse der März-Umfragen
Hier sowohl die Spanne der Umfragewerte als auch der jeweilige Durchschnitt der vier genannten Institute.
CDU: 34 – 37 %; Durchschnitt: 35,3 % SPD: 32 – 34 %; Durchschnitt: 33,0 % LINKE: 12,5 – 13 %; Durchschnitt: 12,9 % AfD: 6 – 6,5 %; Durchschnitt: 6,1 % GRÜNE: 4 – 5 %; Durchschnitt: 4,5 % FDP: 3 – 5 %; Durchschnitt: 4,0 % Sonstige: 4 – 5 %; Durchschnitt: 4,3 %
Als erstes fällt auf, dass die FDP und auch die Grünen eher geringe Chancen haben, in den saarländischen Landtag einzuziehen. Die FDP dürfte den Einzug wieder verfehlen, die Grünen könnten aus dem Landtag rausfliegen. Das letzte Mal hatten sie den Einzug mit 5,0 Prozent gerade noch so geschafft, dieses Jahr scheinen sie eher zwischen 4 und 5 Prozent knapp zu scheitern.
Ganz sicher rausfliegen werden die Piraten, die vor fünf Jahren noch auf 7,4 Prozent kamen und nun fast auf Null zurückfallen werden. Daher auch die großen Verluste der sonstigen Parteien (siehe unten). Verlieren dürften auch die LINKE, die von über 16 auf unter 13 Prozent zu fallen droht.
Gewinne / Verluste seit der letzten Landtagswahl 2012
AfD: + 6,1 % FDP: + 2,8 % SPD: + 2,4 % CDU: + 0,1 % GRÜNE: – 0,5 % LINKE: – 3,2 % Sonstige: – 7,6 %
Zulegen wird dagegen wohl die SPD, deren Werte seit der Nominierung von Martin Schulz Ende Januar auch im Saarland um ca. 8 bis 9 Punkte gestiegen sind auf jetzt um die 33 Prozent. Damit liegt die SPD nur noch wenige Punkte hinter der CDU, die derzeit unter der Ministerpräsidentin Annegret Kramp-Karrenbauer die große Koalition aus CDU-SPD anführt.
Deutlich steigern kann sich wohl auch die FDP, die zuletzt gerade noch auf 1,2 Prozent kam. Insofern nutzen aber 2 bis 3 Punkte mehr nicht wirklich viel. Die freien Demokraten werden mit hoher Wahrscheinlichkeit wieder an der Fünf-Prozent-Hürde scheitern.
Die größte Veränderung im Parteien-Spektrum werden wir sicherlich bei der AfD sehen, die von Null auf über 6 Prozent durchzustarten verspricht. Damit wäre die Alternative für Deutschland bei der elften Landtagswahl seit 2014 in Folge erfolgreich und zöge auch in den elften Landtag ein. Im Mai könnten dann bereits Nr. 12 und 13 in Schleswig-Holstein und Nordrhein-Westfalen folgen.
Wenig bis gar nicht zulegen kann wohl die CDU, die bei um die 35 Prozent verharren dürfte. Damit stellt sich die Frage, welche Regierungskoalitionen denn überhaupt möglich sind.
Welche Koalitionsmöglichkeiten gibt es?
Wenn wir davon ausgehen, dass es sowohl für die FDP als auch die Grünen nicht reichen wird und für die sonstigen Parteien ohnehin nicht, so dass also nur vier Parteien ins Parlament einziehen werden – CDU, SPD, LINKE und AfD -, dann würden bereits 43 bis 44 Prozent für eine Mehrheit der Sitze im Landtag reichen. Gleichwohl gäbe es nur zwei mögliche Regierungskoalitionen:
wiederum eine große Koalition mit CDU-SPD (evtl. vielleicht auch SPD-CDU) oder aber
mit CDU-SPD (evtl. vielleicht auch SPD-CDU) oder aber ein rot-dunkelrotes Regierungsbündnis. Das gab es noch nie in einem westdeutschen Bundesland. Nach den letzten Umfragen können SPD und Linke zusammen auf ca. 46 Prozent der Wählerstimmen hoffen (44,5 bis 47 Prozent). Das würde wegen der Parteien, die an der Fünf-Prozent-Hürde scheitern werden, also reichen. Damit stünde die SPD, so sie nicht stärker wird als die CDU, vor der Frage, ob sie als Juniorpartner in eine neue GroKo einziehen oder aber mit den Linken eine Regierung bilden will, dann unter eigener Führung und mit einer SPD-Ministerpräsidentin Anke Rehlinger.
Schlussbemerkung
Das kleine Saarland gehört übrigens seit 1961, also seit mehr als einem halben Jahrhundert ununterbrochen jedes Jahr zu den Ländern, die vom Länderfinanzausgleich erheblich profitieren. Insgesamt flossen rund 7 Milliarden Euro von den anderen Bundesländern gen Saarbrücken. Jedes Jahr erhält es Millionen-Überweisungen, zuletzt im Jahre 2016 ca. 174 Millionen Euro. Die anderen mussten also etwa 175 Euro für jeden Saarländer überweisen. Und die anderen waren in diesem Fall die Bavaria, die Baden-Württemberger und die Hessen.
In welche Richtung sich diese Zahl weiterentwickeln dürfte, sollte es tatsächlich zu einer rot-dunkelroten Regierung kommen, kann man sich leicht ausmalen. Auch unter diesem Aspekt hat die Saarlandwahl für alle anderen Bundesbürger durchaus eine Bedeutung.
*
Dieser Artikel erschien auch auf Philosophia perennis als Reblog und auf Jouwatch sowie auf Epoch Times.
**
Grafiken: © Jürgen Fritz
Foto: By Olaf Kosinsky (Own work) [CC BY-SA 3.0 de (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/de/deed.en)%5D, via Wikimedia Commons
***
Spendenbitte: Wenn Ihnen dieser Artikel gefallen hat, Sie diesen Blog und meine Arbeit wichtig finden und finanziell unterstützen möchten, dann können Sie entweder einmalig oder regelmäßig (Patenschaft) einen Betrag Ihrer Wahl auf das folgende Konto überweisen.
Jürgen Fritz, IBAN: DE44 5001 0060 0170 9226 04, BIC: PBNKDEFF, Verwendungszweck: Spende für Blog.
On Wednesday evening, Montana Republican congressional candidate Greg Gianforte slammed Guardian reporter Ben Jacobs to the floor as Jacobs tried to ask their view on GOP health care legislation.
As Jacobs and a Fox News crew told it, it was a shocking assault on a reporter just one day before a special election to fill the state's lone House seat.
But it was hardly an isolated occurrence. In the past three weeks, political reporters have described being arrested, pinned against a wall, slapped, and now body slammed ― all this in a nation where freedom of the press is enshrined in the Constitution.
Alaska Dispatch News reporter Nathaniel Herz told police earlier this month that Republican state Sen. David Wilson slapped them during an encounter over a recent story.
West Virginia reporter Dan Heyman was arrested on May 10 while trying to ask a question of Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price, who later praised police for their handling of the situation.
And last week, CQ Roll Call reporter John M. Donnelly said they were pinned against a wall by security guards after trying to ask a Federal Communications Commission member a question in Washington.
The Gianforte incident stood out, in part, because of the galling absence of an apology from the candidate. Their campaign tried to characterize Jacobs as the aggressor, and labeled them a “liberal journalist.” Even though Jacobs' audio recording contradicts the campaign's version of events, the campaign's statement implies that the “liberal” reporter is perhaps deserving of violent retaliation for doing their job.
A Gianforte win on Thursday would potentially signal that both assaulting a member of the press and disputing a recording and credible eyewitnesses is palatable with voters (with the caveat that about one-third of Montana's mail-in ballots are in already).
But similar behavior was displayed by President Donald Trump during their campaign, and a large swath of the public seemed not to mind. Some people even cheered him.
Distrust in the news media didn't begin with Trump. But they escalated antagonism toward journalists by waging the most anti-press campaign in recent memory. The Trump campaign blacklisted news outlets, manhandled reporters and restricted movements at events, while the candidate routinely and recklessly blasted journalists on stage and on Twitter. As president, they railed against the “fake news” media as “enemies of the people.”
The Trump White House still hasn't disputed recent reports that the president suggested imprisoning journalists for publishing classified leaks, despite multiple requests for comments over the past week. The Justice Department on Tuesday declined to tell HuffPost whether it would consider breaking with tradition to prosecute journalists for doing their jobs in ferreting out information in the public interest.
Last month, 75 percent of White House reporters surveyed said they viewed Trump's anti-press rhetoric as a distraction, rather than a threat. That perception is likely shaped by journalists knowing that the publicity-crazed president who assails the fake news is simultaneously obsessed with coverage of himself.
But press freedom organizations that advocate for journalists working under authoritarian regimes and war zones have long understood that the demonization of journalists, especially from the highest rung of the U.S. government, is a global threat. And perhaps more U.S. journalists will begin to acknowledge that anti-press rhetoric, which sets the conditions for physical retaliation against reporters to be condoned, is not a distraction.
– By Nico H.
K-Pop producers are, in large part, unsung heroes. They are a crucial factor in whether or not a K-Pop group succeeds. The idols themselves can only take their groups – their careers – so far, they need to be backed up by good production, good music. Otherwise, a fanbase will be hard-pressed to grow, flourish, let alone maintain. A lot of credit deserves to be directed toward those producers.
Enter Caesar & Loui, a duo that is responsible for plenty of recent songs, plenty of recent hits. Hailing from Sweden, Daniel Caesar and Ludwig Lindell are the masterminds behind a handful of jams that were released this summer. LOONA's “Singing in the Rain,” Red Velvet's “Red Flavor,” and Girls' Generation's “All Night,” the third being particularly momentous, due to the song being one of two title tracks celebrating the group's tenth anniversary.
With their varied, yet layered and focused, production, Caesar & Loui has made a name for themselves within the K-Pop industry as consistent and solid producers. There's a reason why companies keep coming back to Caesar & Loui for songs.
I recently had the chance to ask Caesar & Loui a few brief questions about their musical careers and how it intersected with the K-Pop scene. Enjoy, everybody.
BD: May I have you two introduce yourselves?
Caesar & Loui: We consist of two members, Daniel Caesar and Ludwig Lindell. We met when we were 6 years old, and we were both born in 1990, in Sweden.
BD: How did you two get started in making music?
Caesar & Loui: We both studied music in high school together, and then after in different music schools as well. We were interns at our current label “The Kennel” through a music school called “Musikmakarna.” After the internship, we got signed as songwriters.
BD: Who are your musical influences?
Caesar & Loui: All the way from old classics like ABBA, Queen, The Beatles, to modern groups like Green Day and One Republic. We also take a lot of influences from just modern hit songs out there. A lot of Max Martin's work is, of course, a great inspiration.
BD: Did you listen to K-Pop before you started making music for K-Pop groups?
Caesar & Loui: No, actually we heard K-pop the first time for like, four years ago, and since then we have been sold.
Now we listen to the new songs and so on. We love the whole music industry in South Korea, and Japan.
BD: You guys aren't new to the K-Pop producing game, but everyone has to start somewhere. What's the story behind the first K-Pop song you ever produced? Were you familiar with K-Pop before you were asked to make a song for a K-Pop group? What were your expectations going into it?
Caesar & Loui: One of our first releases we ever produced was Vixx's “Hyde” in 2013. We wrote it during the summertime, and we were very into electro style songs mixed with urban organic beats.
We took a lot of Michael Jackson inspiration on “Hyde,” and the song was actually called “Criminal” as a demo.
We were very new to the K-pop world when we wrote this song, which made it very exciting to write, it was a whole new sound for us! And our expectations were just that we thought it would be – a lot of fun – which it was!
BD: You've also produced “Swing” for Super Junior M, and “Stay” for Girls' Generation TTS, among so many others. Is producing songs for K-Pop groups different than producing for other groups?
Caesar & Loui: Yes, a bit different, actually. Usually, there is more melodic parts in K-pop songs, so as a songwriter you have to keep that in mind. It's not always the case though, of course. Also, they usually have a rap part.
With the instrumental, K-pop can be a bit different than other groups, but not too much. They are actually getting more and more close to each other in sounds and so on.
BD: So you two have a lot of credits in the K-Pop scene in such a short amount of time, producing a lot of songs for a lot of groups. Did you ever imagine that your musical careers would be so intertwined with the K-Pop scene?
Caesar & Loui: We always knew we wanted to write music for the international market but we had no idea that we would have the opportunity to work in South Korea and Japan. We feel very grateful to have this job.
BD: How has producing K-Pop changed your own musical process over the years? Are there any musical theory tricks or production techniques that you learned as you kept making songs for different K-Pop groups?
Caesar & Loui: I think our musical taste and width has increased a lot during these years.
As far as musical theory there is a lot of that in K-pop and J-pop so we're very happy we took those classes back in the day (lol).
We have learned a lot by co-writing with other producers and writers. So yeah, we have a little book of secrets when it comes to tricks and so on (lol).
BD: Now, I'd like to ask about some of your more recent work. How did the creation of Red Flavor's instrumental come about? Were you asked to capture a specific type of vibe or sound, or did it just come about naturally?
Caesar & Loui: With Red Flavor we actually had a clear picture of what we wanted from the start. It all came naturally we would say. We felt inspired to create something special with the drums so therefore we put a lot of focus on that part to make it feel very uplifting and energetic. Then, the rest just fell into place.
BD: What was the process in creating the instrumental? How did you two put the song together?
Caesar & Loui: We started with the drum pattern. We wanted something really up-tempo and uplifting. Something that would steal your attention.
After that we came up with the chorus melody and synth chords together. Felt really cool with having chords coming in and out on the track like it is in the final version as well.
Then we wrote the rest of the melodies in about 30 minutes actually and also the rest of the track came together really fast.
The lyrics were the hardest part on this one, but that's actually not there anymore since they have changed into Korean (lol).
BD: What was your favorite part of the song to work on?
Caesar & Loui: The melodies and drums, especially in the chorus. It was fun to put those pieces together.
BD: What did you think about the song when you heard it for the first time? Was it what you would have expected it to sound like?
Caesar & Loui: It was even better! Super happy about the result. SM Entertainment always releases great sounding material.
BD: Now that the song's out, what's your favorite part of the song? Do you have a favorite vocal performance?
Caesar & Loui: The rap part is really cool! But also the chorus sounds smashing!
BD: One part of Red Flavor that really stood out to me was the heavily edited vocal sample that plays throughout the song. Was that added in by you guys, and if so, who is it?
Caesar & Loui: Great question (lol)! This is actually Louis's voice that we tweaked and played around with.
BD: Another song you've had a hand in was “All Night” by Girls' Generation, and it's gotten a great reception. The song has two music videos, and both got over a million views in such a short amount of time. And it's an important song for the group, too, especially with it being one of two title tracks off of their 10th anniversary album. It must be a big deal, to have produced a lead single for one of the biggest K-Pop groups of all time. How does it feel to be a part of that project?
Caesar & Loui: This song means so much to us. One of our goals when we started writing K-pop was to have a Girls' Generation single, so we are very happy right now. It's a great honor to have the lead single of this album.
BD: Going back to your catalogue as a whole, what's your favorite song you've produced for a K-Pop artist or group?
Caesar & Loui: Actually, it's Red Velvet's “Red Flavor,” (lol)! Love the energy in the song, it makes you happy.
BD: And, what's was the most rewarding song you've produced?
Caesar & Loui: I think “Hyde” was actually one of the most rewarding ones for our career. It was a breakthrough for VIXX, and also for us. Our name became popular in South Korea, so we got to travel there and so on to write with other writers and artists.
BD: For your next collaboration, is there a specific artist or group you'd like to work with the most?
Caesar & Loui: EXO would be amazing to work with!
BD: Do each of you have any favorite producers in the K-Pop scene?
Caesar & Loui: Will Simms is an amazing producer and songwriter who actually was one of the first producers we heard in the K-pop genre with Girls' Generation's “I Got A Boy.” We have actually worked with them a couple of times and they are an amazing guy!
Also, the producers behind EXO's “Growl” are amazing! That track is crazy good!
And also Ollipop, who is our great friend makes sick beats! You can always tell when there is a “Ollipop” track pumping through the speakers!
BD: And for my last question, is there anything you'd like to say to fans and supporters of your work? Anyone you'd like to mention and shout out?
Caesar & Loui: Thanks to all the fans that keep listening and dancing to our music, it means so much to us. And none of this could be possible without our amazing, amazing family “The Kennel,” which is our label that we're signed to. Keep it groovy folks!
Advertisements
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
"I don't necessarily mind fighting for the needs of my family," the woman wrote. "But I was becoming drained, and other than having my children, I can hardly count the amount of times someone had given me something without strings attached.
For families that need a hand up, Oyate Tipi Cumini Yape is an invaluable resource with no strings attached, the client said.
As one of Millie Anderson's clients puts it, living in poverty can feel like a constant struggle to climb out of a ditch.
Hey there, time traveller! This article was published 17/10/2015 (1228 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
Hey there, time traveller!
This article was published 17/10/2015 (1228 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
As one of Millie Anderson's clients puts it, living in poverty can feel like a constant struggle to climb out of a ditch.
For families that need a hand up, Oyate Tipi Cumini Yape is an invaluable resource with no strings attached, the client said.
Anderson, the executive director of Oyate Tipi, reads the client's thank-you letter aloud.
"I don't necessarily mind fighting for the needs of my family," the woman wrote. "But I was becoming drained, and other than having my children, I can hardly count the amount of times someone had given me something without strings attached.
"Your organization helped me just because I needed it, and you gave me the best you had. I just wanted you to know it may have been another day at work for all of you, but it was a miracle to me."
Oyate Tipi is a non-profit depot on Selkirk Avenue that recycles housewares, furniture, children's toys or any items that could help people start over after leaving a dangerous or unhealthy home.
The non-profit gets referrals from local women's shelters and transition homes, and also helps families in crisis — people whose homes have burned down or were infested with bedbugs, for example.
Anderson sets up appointment times with clients so they can pick out new pieces for their homes in private.
Since they came to the organization seven years ago, the number of clients per year has doubled to 400, they said.
"The waiting list was two, 21/2 months long when I came, and I didn't think that was fair to the ladies waiting that long. So I did a lot of fast-tracking and cleaning it up," Anderson said. "Now the wait is maybe two, maybe three weeks at the longest. I try and keep it limited. I don't want them sleeping on the floors that long."
Oyate Tipi's warehouse is packed nearly to the ceiling with mats, mattresses, linens, baby cribs, car seats and other repurposed furniture.
All the items are donated, mostly by people in Winnipeg, Anderson said. Oyate Tipi also receives funding from United Way Winnipeg to pay its staff and provide training and food to volunteers.
Want to get a head start on your day? Get the day's breaking stories, weather forecast, and more sent straight to your inbox every morning.
The non-profit's tight-knit team — about 25 volunteers and a handful of staff — picks up donations from around the city and heat-treats them in two trailers parked behind their building.
A three-hour heat treatment clears the items of possible bedbug infestations. The Oyate Tipi crew has also heat-treated entire homes with their generators.
Anderson said the need for their services continues to grow, and Oyate Tipi may be looking for a bigger building in the near future.
"I feel blessed because we've got what we need to run the place," they said. "We're helping the families, we're recycling tons and tons of stuff that goes back to the families. That's what's important."
If you would like to donate items to Oyate Tipi, call 204-589-2265. Monetary donations can also be made to United Way Winnipeg online at www.unitedwaywinnipeg.mb.ca or by calling 204-477-UWAY (8929).
j.botelho.urbanski@gmail.com
This blog post is authored by Shahrokh Mortazavi, Partner Director of Program Management on the Microsoft Azure Machine Learning team.
Two languages are closely associated with Data Science today – R and Python. In Azure ML we've supported R for some time – and very soon we'll add full Python support as well. This includes a world-class Python experience in Visual Studio, in Azure ML Studio and in the browser via Jupyter/IPython. As a first step, we're excited to announce that the Python Tools for Visual Studio (PTVS) team has added features to integrate with Azure Machine Learning APIs hosted in the cloud.
I'm also happy to announce that PTVS 2.1 RTW was recently released and is available from codeplex. Note that this is an officially supported OSS plug-in. When installed into the Professional version of Visual Studio (free, available here), you'll have a powerful Python centric Data Science IDE that is completely free. We believe powerful open source tools such as PTVS will greatly empower developers and help democratize frontier technologies such as machine learning and advanced analytics.
PTVS 2.1: A Quick Overview
Python Tools for Visual Studio offers an IDE experience for general scripting, web programming and Data Science. With integrated IPython REPL support for smart history, shell commands and inline images, PTVS provides a great exploratory coding environment. With unique features such as mixed mode debugging of Python with C++ and remote debugging of Linux servers in Azure, Visual Studio provides a productive development environment for Python developers:
1: Multi-lingual Projects; 2: Editor with deep code intelligence
3: VS Debugger 4: Integrated IPython REPL 5: VS/Excel live bridge
For a quick walkthrough of PTVS2.1 features, take a look at this video on YouTube.
PTVS “ML Pack” and Azure ML Web Service consumption
While the focus for the 2.1 release of PTVS was Web frameworks, the team has already created a “Machine Learning Pack” which can be downloaded from codeplex to give you a taste for ML and Azure ML web services. The ML pack has three starter templates that include everything you need from data acquisition, cleaning and training all the way to visualization using matplotlib:
Simply select your template and hit F5 to get a sense for a typical ML workflow. Then browse through the code and customize it as you like for your particular scenario. As with everything else in PTVS, the code is open source (Apache 2.0), so feel free to send us your feedback and PR's.
Azure ML Studio is a powerful easy to use canvas that enables rapid composition of ML experiments along with 1-click operationalization. PTVS has full support for quickly building web apps and dashboards using frameworks such as Django, Flask and Bottle. The ML Pack now brings the two together via a wizard that enables easy consumption of published predictive API's into your web app:
Simply fill out the form after you've published, and PTVS will generate a skeleton dashboard that you can deploy to Azure Web Sites.
IPython/Jupyter
Azure ML Studio provides a convenient drag/drop model for quickly building ML workflows and operationalizing them. PTVS provides a desktop Data Science workbench with excellent support for large projects, debugging, profiling, intellisense, git, etc. The last piece that's missing from this picture is IPython (now the polyglot “Jupyter”), which is a browser based “notebook” REPL. Azure ML will be adding this third canvas in the near future, enabling a full cloud hosted, cross-platform, browser based experience for data science. You'll be able to use Jupyter on Azure ML with both Python and R. Each of these authoring environments have their own centers of gravity. Our plan is to provide an integrated experience where you can use the right tool at the right time for your project.
Conclusion
Python and its ecosystem of rich libraries is a perfect fit for Data Science. You can pair PTVS with a scientific distro such as Anaconda or Canopy today, use scikit-learn, Pandas, matplotlib, etc. for analytics / Data Science work, and deploy to a VM or Cloud Service in Azure. In the near future we plan to bring you a fully integrated Visual Studio, Jupyter and Azure ML Studio experience to maximize your productivity as developers and Data Scientists. Stay tuned!
Shahrokh
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
On the morning of February 27, more than 70 presidents of historically black colleges and universities (HBCUs) stood in a West Wing corridor, waiting to enter the Oval Office. The meeting with President Donald Trump would be historic—the first time the head of every HBCU in the country had been invited to meet with the president at the White House. Top aides Kellyanne Conway, Stephen Bannon, Stephen Miller, and Reince Preibus mixed and mingled with the group. According to Morgan State University President David Wilson, who was among those attending, Bannon voiced a promise: “If you give us a plan, we will execute it.” The implication was clear, Wilson says: Tell us what resources HBCUs need and the administration will find a way to pay for them in Trump's budget.
The Oval Office meeting was one of many conversations and phone calls since Election Day between HBCU presidents, leaders of HBCU advocacy groups, and the Trump White House. Earlier that day, the White House had promoted a newspaper story headlined “President Trump Seeks to Outdo Obama in Backing Black Colleges,” which alluded to a plan for “historic” support for the schools. The next day, Trump signed an executive order that relocated a federal office devoted to helping fund and support black colleges from the Department of Education into the White House.
“We will make HBCUs a priority in the White House,” Trump said at the signing. “An absolute priority.”
“What we see now certainly does not meet my definition of substantial investment.”
But for leaders and advocates of these institutions, the release of Trump's budget in late May did nothing of the sort. Trump not only proposed no new funding for HBCUs, but also called for slashing millions of dollars from federal programs that support degree programs at the schools. Trump's plan appeared to boost Pell Grants by extending their use to year-round—but meanwhile called for taking away $5 billion-plus in reserves from the Pell program and cutting at least $1.5 billion from other federal financial aid programs, including work study. Taken together, these cuts would disproportionately affect low-income students at black colleges and cost the schools millions in revenue.
“The perception that many HBCU presidents were operating under was that the administration was making a commitment to follow up with a substantial investment in the institutions,” Wilson told me recently. “What we see now certainly does not meet my definition of substantial investment.”
“The budget doesn't match” earlier messaging from the White House, said Walter Kimbrough, the president of Dillard University. “I'll be interested to see how members of their team will say this undergirds their recent support for HBCUs. At least for Dillard, I can say it's a loss.”
Advocates were further perplexed by Trump and questioned their commitment when they suggested in a statement in early May that special funding for black colleges could be unconstitutional. (After their comments drew a backlash, Trump expressed their “unwavering support” for HBCUs again in another statement.)
According to HBCU advocates, the Trump administration's outreach has been spearheaded by senior communications aide Omarosa Manigault and Ja'Ron Smith, who leads urban renewal efforts on Trump's domestic policy team. Manigualt and Smith, who are Howard University graduates, did not respond to requests for comment. (Disclosure: I am a Howard graduate.)
Early this year, HBCU advocacy groups jointly proposed a plan for federal funding to the Trump administration. They asked that two key Department of Education programs that support HBCUs be funded at $500 million, the maximum level permitted by Congress, and that the Trump administration commit to increasing for HBCUs the percentage of grants and contracts reserved for institutions of higher education in the federal budget. They argued passionately that HBCUs could play a key role in a Trump plan to create new opportunities for African Americans: The schools have an outsize impact, enrolling 8 percent of all black college students in America and producing approximately 15 percent of those who earn bachelor's degrees. (The nation's approximately 100 HBCUs constitute 3 percent of the nation's colleges and universities.) The schools also graduate large numbers of first-generation college students; roughly 70 percent of the more than 290,000 students enrolled at HBCUs are low-income—more than twice the rate for college students nationally. Howard University is especially known for its many graduates who become lawyers, dentists, doctors, and engineers.
Johnny Taylor, president of the Thurgood Marshall College Fund, says the news about Trump's budget hasn't been all bad—HBCUs were mostly insulated from a proposed 13 percent across-the-board cut hitting the Department of Education, which supplies the majority of federal funding to HCBUs. Even being able to retain that core funding under Trump “is something that our community should celebrate,” Taylor says.
Making matters worse, Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos described HBCUs in a statement as “real pioneers when it comes to school choice.”
But Kimbrough sees that as “moving the goal posts,” especially after a promise was in the air from the White House. They and Wilson told Mother Jones that the other cuts, including those to financial aid programs, could cost their schools six- or possibly even seven-figure sums in revenue and would impact hundreds of their schools' students. “When you take away any money from any of the students that are on Pell Grants or coming from limited-resource families, you are putting them closer and closer to going back home,” Wilson said. Even with as little as a few hundred dollars per semester—”those dollars actually mean the world for our students.”
For many HBCU families, “it's a sacrifice to get students to go to school,” Kimbrough said. So even relatively small cuts in federal aid can be devastating for them. Morgan State already spends around 15 percent of its budget on financial aid—a larger percentage than any other college in Maryland, according to Wilson; the school simply can't afford to subsidize cuts to government aid for more students.
Even after the first Trump budget proposal in March, skepticism was already stirring about the promises from the Trump White House. “This budget proposal is not a new deal for African Americans,” Congressional Black Caucus chairperson and Morehouse College alumnus Cedric Richmond said, speaking broadly of Trump's first budget proposal, which proposed lesser cuts to HBCU funding than the May version. “It's a raw deal that robs the poor and the middle-class to pay the richest of the rich.”
Though the Oval Office meeting in February generated optimism among HBCU presidents, it was controversial among some students and alumni. A picture of the meeting that showed the presidents posing with Trump while Conway sat with their feet on the couch and their head in their phone was criticized as disrespectful. People who attended the meeting told Mother Jones that Conway was perched on the couch because they had been asked to take a picture of the large group and was then trying to get out of the way of the official White House photographer. But making matters worse, hours after that photo went viral, Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos described HBCUs in a statement as “real pioneers when it comes to school choice.” A torrent of criticism followed from black campuses and their alumni, who wondered whether DeVos understood that most HBCUs were founded because black students were banned from attending whites-only schools in the Jim Crow South. (DeVos later corrected their remarks.)
Students on some HBCU campuses have protested scheduled visits by Trump officials. In May, graduating seniors at Bethune-Cookman University booed and turned their backs to DeVos as they gave their commencement speech. Days later, Texas Southern University canceled a commencement speech by Texas Sen. John Cornyn after students said they did not want to hear from them because he's a Trump supporter.
Trump “threatens to send the feds into Chicago, and we all know what that means as black people,” said one Howard first-year student.
A backlash had begun brewing in February: At Howard University, DeVos met with the school's president as their first official act as secretary of education. The day after the Oval Office meeting with HBCU leaders, Howard students awoke to graffiti spray-painted on the school's main yard that read “Welcome to the Trump Plantation. Overseer: Wayne A. I. Frederick,” referring to the school's president. Graffiti left elsewhere said “Wayne Frederick doesn't care about black people.” (Frederick said they did not attend the Oval Office meeting.) Days later at a commemoration for the 150th anniversary of Howard's founding, members of a student activist group stood up with signs and a megaphone and called out the president in front of a packed auditorium.
“Does this [potential] increase in funding buy the allegiance of HBCU presidents to Donald Trump? That is what I think is a great concern for students organizing on campus,” Allyson Carpenter, the student body president, told me back in March.
Trump “threatens to send the feds into Chicago, and we all know what that means as black people,” Yvonne Hamel, a first-year student and a member of the group, told me. “He openly speaks about [banning] Muslims. We have a large population of students that come from foreign countries. So we want to make sure that this [Howard] administration is not compromising” the interests of its students in exchange for funding, they said.
Howard is one of two colleges nationwide that receives an appropriation as a line item in the federal budget each year. (The other is Galludet University.) In a meeting with the student activist group in March, Frederick said the university's unique relationship with the federal government required that they keep an open relationship with the White House. They said they made a case for increasing Howard's appropriation in every meeting he'd had with a Trump official. Hamel said their group's members appreciated that argument but wanted assurance that Frederick would challenge the Trump administration on policies that could hurt Howard students. An email that Frederick sent to students and faculty the day after the presidential election—in which they congratulated Trump on their win but did not comment on the bigoted rhetoric that marked Trump's campaign—was not a good sign, Hamel said.
Fredrick did, however, rally on behalf of Howard students in the face of Trump policies: They hired a private attorney to handle the cases of two students who were prevented for several days from entering the country after Trump's travel ban took effect in January. They also stressed in the meeting with student activists that the administration does not provide information about students' immigration status or whereabouts to the federal government unless required by a court order.
At Howard's commencement this May, Sen. Kamala Harris—herself a Howard graduate—urged students to speak out against injustice in the Trump era. Carpenter said they saw Trump's failure to increase funding for HBCUs as proof that February's White House meeting was just for show. “We all knew what this was,” they said. “Everyone expected this.”
Trump's budget is subject to approval by Congress, which is where HBCU advocates say they will now focus their efforts. In February, they made their case to GOP lawmakers including House Speaker Paul Ryan, Sen. Marco Rubio, and Rep. Trey Gowdy during a meeting spearheaded by South Carolina Rep. Tim Scott. Wilson told me he's hopeful there will be a bipartisan effort in Congress to restore some of Trump's proposed cuts. They said they plan to spend more time with their school's congressional representatives on Capitol Hill in the months ahead.
HBCUs need to make sure that Congress fully grasps “the kind of impact that our institutions are having at the local, state, and national level,” they say. “I think when you look at the value proposition of HBCUs to this nation, it seems to me that it's a very easy opportunity for investment.”
Reservoir Dogs
Directed by Quentin Tarantino. US. 1992. R. 99 minutes. Miramax. 35mm.
Member Passes Accepted
Saturday 9:30 pm
Special 25th anniversary screening with a brand new 35mm print! In the fall of 1992, a 29 year-old video store clerk named Quentin Tarantino burst onto the indie film scene with a debut that set new standards for the crime thriller. Inspired by classics such as The Killing, The Taking of Pelham One Two Three, and Kansas City Confidential, Reservoir Dogs focuses on the aftermath of a botched jewelry store robbery. Holed up in an abandoned warehouse, the surviving robbers (including Harvey Keitel, Tim Roth, Michael Madsen and a scene-stealing Steve Buscemi) and the heist planners (Chris Penn and Lawrence Tierney) try to figure out what went wrong – and who's the rat.
Every freelancer needs a website to display work to leads, so that was the first step I took. I threw a few side projects into my portfolio, added a contact form, and off I went. I fully expected to deploy my website, and watch work flood in. What a surprise when I opened Google Analytics and saw a total of zero visitors over the course of 3 days (besides my own visits). This was the first time I was discouraged as a freelancer.
Tip 1: Be patient — if you don't see results after taking action, take action again
You're going to run into a lot of these types of situations. You will take action, create expectations, and see no results. This is massively discouraging, and causes the average person to quit.
Seeing zero visitors on Google Analytics really messed me up. I thought for sure there was something wrong with my website that I could attribute to SEO, or something else. I made a decision right there that instead of being discouraged, I would make another move before checking the results again.
My next move was to post an Ad on Kijiji and Craigslist. After spending about an hour crafting the Ad, I posted it and went to watch Google Analytics. I watched the number of concurrent visitors go from zero, to 5. This might sound lame, but I was ecstatic seeing that number.
This lead to my first email. It was from a small business owner that wanted to start a website dedicated to trading. They were asking for more of a web application though, with live stock charts, CMS functionality, and user authentication. Roadblock number 2. I was still new to web development, and had no professional experience. I was terrified to say “yes, I'll do it” and not be able to deliver.
Tip 2: The art of the follow up
After my ads expired or fell off the first two pages, I started cold emailing. This is what I recommend dipping your feet in and learning a bit about before starting. I got my first 3 clients through sending out cold emails and following up. I was using a Chrome extension called Gorgias to make small little snippets of emails, this makes cold emailing a lot more efficient. I also signed up for Hubspot Sales email tracking, so I could see when someone would open the email.
So here is my current workflow for cold emails, and I suggest you adopt something similar if you want to venture down this path. Firstly, create a Lead Sheet on Trello, and separate it into 5 columns. First column being titled ‘Leads', followed by ‘Contacted', followed by ‘Follow up', followed by ‘Closed', and lastly ‘Rejected'. You can find a similar structure just by googling ‘Lead Sheet Trello example'.
An example of what a lead sheet might look like
The first course of action is finding potential clients. I targeted small businesses in my area to start. I had two methods for finding small businesses with poorly designed websites. First, I would search on Google X business directory, the X being city name. Most cities will have a business directory that maintains a list of contact information for certain companies in a specific industry. The second method was to use yellow pages. I would just simply look up an industry like dentistry and search for outdated websites.
Each company that had an outdated design, or a website that wasn't responsive, I would add to my lead sheet. I'd create a card with their contact info, what it is they do, and what solutions I could provide them. I usually spent an entire day building up my lead sheet, and then another day contacting them all. When I contacted them, I would move that card to the contacted column, and leave a comment saying “contacted”, so I knew the date I sent the email at (this is for following up).
Most small business owners are passionate, and they usually read the emails coming in themselves. If they open the email and don't respond, I add them to the “Follow up” column. I will follow up with them 1–2 days later reiterating the same information I sent in the first email (i.e. pointing out the issues with their website, and stating how I can fix them — I will create another post of my email templates if the interest is there). I would also add a comment to the card so I remembered I sent a follow-up email. More than 70% of closes I make with cold emails are in the follow up, so don't skip this part of the process.
The other columns are pretty self-explanatory so I won't go over them in this article. As long as you are “tracking” your cold emails by using something like a lead sheet, you are on the right track. I'm sure there are better tools and strategies for this type of work, and I'd love to hear about them! Shoot me a DM, or mention me on Twitter.
Tip 3: Give, Give, Give, Ask
A lot of my friends and followers already know I'm a huge fan of GaryVee (Gary Vaynerchuk), but I'm especially fond of this quote. “Give, give, give, ask.” This might be one of the primary quotes I live by. It has some room for interpretation, but I think of this quote during every meeting with a client. I go into a client call fully expecting to provide more than I receive. If you adopt the mindset of wanting to give, rather than wanting to receive, you will come out on top. You have to genuinely want to help your clients. A lot of small business owners are more concerned with the logistics of running their company, and that usually indicates they aren't qualified for the task of designing and developing a website. Thats where you come in (keep in mind it can be other tasks as well, e.g. social media, graphics, copywriting, etc).
This ties into the cold emailing as well. One strategy I have started utilizing is sending out a site audit for free every 5 or so emails. I will add in much more detail, do a full site audit with tools that I pay for, attach it to the email and let them know that I'd love to sit and chat about the issues in the site audit, and how we can work together to fix them. I still do this today, and it closes about 40% of the time. I'm giving them this information for free, and offering them my willingness to assist them with their website.
I also wasn't afraid to do work for free. I volunteered my services to a amateur movie producer when I first started, and got offered a place to stay if I ever visit New York. I never took them up on this offer, but I did work with them to turn their website into something they could manage (i.e. WordPress integration). One of my current clients that I've worked with for over a year off and on, was a referral from them I also used their site for my portfolio. It was a win/win for both of us, and to be honest, I wish I had more time to do free work for other people. The act of giving is rare in our society, especially in the digital space.
California's requirement of 'microstamping' technology for new firearms means that no guns made after 2013 have been sold in the state, known as having some of the strictest gun control laws.
Now gun-rights groups are hoping that a federal judge will overturn the provision that gun manufacturers have blamed for ceasing gun sales.
Fox News reports that the Calguns Foundation and Second Amendment Foundation are eagerly awaiting a decision on microstamping requirements they say are effectively banning firearm sales.
Scroll down for video
Stamped: Microstamping uses laser-engraved codes on firing pins to trace a shell casing to the gun that fired the bullet, though studies are inconclusive on its effectiveness
The request for California Eastern District Judge Kimberly Mueller to stop the state from enforcing a law on microstamping is the latest in a legal battle that began in 2009 over the state's 'Handgun Roster.'
'This is about the state trying to eliminate the handgun market,' said Alan Gura, the lead attorney in the lawsuit against the Chief of the California Department of Justice Bureau of Firearms.
'The evidence submitted by the manufacturers shows this is science fiction and there is not a practical way to implement the law.'
Microstamping utilizes lasers to engrave an alphanumeric code on the parts of the weapon such as the firing pin, which is transferred to a shell casing when the gun is fired.
A 2008 study from the forensic science program at UC Davis found that the codes on the face of the firing pin often transferred legibly, though codes on the edges wore down with repeated use.
Fred Tulleners, then-director of the forensic science graduate program at UC Davis, said at the time that the technology would cost between $6 and $7 to implement, but that more research was needed.
Patented technology: Todd Lizotte, who patented microstamping technology, has agreed to let their patents expire, a prerequisite for the technology being mandated by California's gun laws
California's requirement that handguns carry the technology, which was patented in the 1990s, stipulated that the technology be feasible and all private patents are expired, SF Gate reported.
Los Angeles City Attorney Mike Feuer, who introduced the bill that enacted the microstamping requirement as a state assemblyman, said the technology could identify the firearm in 45 percent of unsolved gun crimes.
'When we know who bought the crime gun, that's a significant lead for law enforcement,' Feuer said.
Firearms manufacturers have not been warm to the new technology, which proponents say could replace or complement ballistic fingerprinting, a century-old method of identifying a firearm used in a shooting.
Two gun manufacturers, Smith & Wesson and Sturm, Ruger & Co, blamed the microstamping requirement when they announced last year they would stop selling guns in California.
Smith & Wesson, though, is still selling certain models, such as the M&P Shield pistol, grandfathered in on the state's Handgun Roster of legal firearms.
In the view of the plaintiffs in the lawsuit, such as Gene Hoffman, co-founder of Calguns Foundation, with gunmakers backing out of the state, the law is a de facto ban on firearm sales.
A year and a half after Trufant's retirement from pro football in April 2014, Marcus Trufant will join 24 other Cougar greats as the newest members of the Washington State Athletic Hall of Fame. It's an honor that further solidifies the impact they made throughout their career.
Sitting on a couch in the Cougar-themed basement of their Bellevue home, Marcus Trufant cocks their head, pondering the question.
Has there ever been another player in the history of football who's been through an entire career without playing for a team from outside their home state?
They aren't sure, the former Wilson High, Washington State and Seattle Seahawks star says.
Marcus Trufant file Age: 34 Home town: Tacoma High School: Wilson College: Washington State NFL: Played with Seahawks, 2003-12
In this era of NCAA transfers and NFL free agency, getting to stay close to home for a full career is a luxury that's almost unheard of.
Julius Peppers, a North Carolinian who played their college ball at UNC and then spent eight seasons with the Carolina Panthers, comes to mind. But Peppers signed with the Chicago Bears in 2010.
Floridian Derrick Brooks, who played linebacker at Florida State and then for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, and Trufant might be the only players of the modern era who've managed that feat. And even Trufant almost played themselves off that list when they signed with the Jacksonville Jaguars in spring 2013, but was cut in training camp before the season opener.
“There's not many people who get to do that, and when they do, they don't get to do it for very long,” Trufant says. “I've just been blessed to be able to be at home.”
A year and a half after Trufant's retirement from pro football in April 2014, Trufant will join 24 other Cougar greats as the newest members of the Washington State Athletic Hall of Fame. It's an honor that further solidifies the impact they made throughout their career.
“He stands all by themselves based on what he's done here (at Washington State) and since they left,” said former WSU coach Mike Price, who recruited and coached Trufant. “It's just been tremendous.”
On Rose Bowl team
Trufant is one of the nine football players who will be honored this weekend as part of the 2015 class, but they and teammate Lamont Thompson hold the distinction of being the first members of Price's two Rose Bowl teams to earn Hall-of-Famer status at WSU.
Thompson, was a safety on the squad that played in the 1998 Rose Bowl, while Trufant got to end their senior season with a trip to the 2003 Rose Bowl.
Both were shoo-ins for the hall of fame, said WSU Athletics Assistant Director of Development Jason Gesser, who played with Thompson and Trufant from 1999 to 2002, and is now on the WSU Athletics Hall of Fame selection committee.
“You have to be 10 years out to be considered for the Hall of Fame and (WSU Athletic Director) Bill Moos asked me, ‘From your class, which guys deserve to go in first?'” Gesser says. “I said obviously it would be Marcus Trufant and Lamont Thompson because of their leadership and success and what they meant to the team and what they did at Washington State and then in the NFL.”
Thompson, a Richmond, Calif. native, was selected by the Cincinnati Bengals in the second round of the 2002 NFL draft, and they also played for the Titans, Dolphins and Jaguars before retiring in 2008.
Trufant, who was selected 11th overall in the first round of the 2003 draft by the Seahawks, started as a rookie in 2003 and was a staple in the lineup until their release in 2012. They started 125 games over 10 seasons, played in the Super Bowl against the Pittsburgh Steelers following the 2005 season and was voted to the Pro Bowl following the 2007 season.
Despite all their success, Trufant has never forgotten their roots. Six years ago, they and their wife, Jessica, bought a home in Newcastle, where they are now raising their five children. Trufant says he's never wanted to leave Washington. This is their home, and now that he's done playing football, they want to spend more time in the community, extending the reach of their nonprofit, the Trufant Family Foundation, which funds programs for local children.
He's also started and coaches a Tacoma-based youth football team named the Northwest Cougars. The little Cougars wear red and grey, just like the Cougars of Trufant's alma mater.
“We practice on the same field I started my football career on,” Trufant says, grinning.
Grateful to Price
To this day, Trufant remains grateful to Price – the only Pac-10 coach who offered them an athletic scholarship.
“I wasn't heavily recruited coming out of high school,” Trufant says. “Being from Tacoma, I don't know that the light was shining bright enough down there.”
Trufant joined the Cougars at the beginning of a rebuilding phase, two years removed from their first Rose Bowl appearance under Price.
They would leave four years later as a first team All-American, one of the leaders of the first WSU football class to put together back-to-back 10-win seasons, and perhaps, Price believes, as the best cornerback to ever play for Washington State.
“Marcus, they just has it all. They were never in my office for discipline, they never did one thing wrong, they had good grades, good off-the-field conduct and no rough edges,” Price said. “He showed great leadership on and off the field and in the locker room. More than anything else, he's got such good character.”
This weekend will be a celebration of what Trufant and their class accomplished at WSU. They stand as proof that with the right ingredients, a team can turn things around in the span of four years.
“I just think it's about the culture and the confidence to come from a 3-9 record my first year there and know, ‘OK, if we get some guys in here who really believe, we can make this happen,'” Trufant said. “I think we always had a chip on our shoulder as far as being in Washington and having a lot of kids from Washington who pretty much got overlooked.
“So you always have that chip and you have to go out and prove yourself every week. You've got to have that little edge.”
In the 1930s, U.S. postal officials tried different ways of moving the mail. One technique was called “skyhooking,” which brought the mail to rural towns that had no adequate railway or highway mail routes. Unfortunately, the towns which needed this type of service usually did not have adequate landing fields for planes.
Although a low-flying airplane could simply drop a sack of mail onto the ground, the tricky part was getting ground mail into the moving plane. The Railway Mail Service's successful on-the-fly mail exchange system provided the inspiration for an aviation experiment. Mail would be “caught” by a plane flying overhead and reeled up into the plane. Of course, catching the mail was not going to be easy.
‘Stinson Reliant at National Postal Museum'
courtesy of ‘Mr. T in DC'
The mail was placed in a rubber container (as seen in the top photo) suspended between a pair of 15 foot posts. The planes chosen for the service were rugged Stinson Reliants, tight-turning airplanes adapted to flying around hills and through valleys. The pilot would position the plane to hook the outgoing mail container using a 60-foot grappling hook on the airplane's tail. Incoming mail would be dropped from the plane.
On May 12, 1939, the first scheduled service began flying two experimental routes led by the American Aviation Co., later known as Allegheny Airlines and now known as U.S. Airways. The first route went from Pittsburgh to Philadelphia. The other went from Pittsburgh to Huntington, WV. In the first year of service, All American Aviation flew more than 438,000 miles, making more than 23,000 pickups and handling 75,000 pounds of mail and 6,500 pounds of freight without a single casualty. By the summer of 1941, the line was serving more than 100 locations and picking up roughly 400,000 pieces of mail each month. The airline dropped its pickup operations in 1949 and converted to carrying passengers.
Ben H. Rome Having lived in the DC area for ten years, Ben still loves to wander the city with their wife, shooting lots of photos and exploring all the latest exhibits and galleries. A certified hockey fanatic, they spend some time debating the Washington Capitals club with friends – but everyone knows of their three decade love affair with the Pittsburgh Penguins. A professional writer, gamer, photographer, and Lego enthusiast, Ben remains captivated by DC and doesn't plan on leaving any time soon.
The White House's explanation of Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein's role in the James Comey firing has evolved over the past 48 hours. | AP Photo Rosenstein takes heat over role in Comey firing Democratic lawmakers challenge deputy AG over memo Trump used to explain dismissal.
Democrats once saw Rod Rosenstein as their best hope to ensure the FBI carried out an unflinching and impartial investigation into alleged contacts between Donald Trump's presidential campaign and Russia.
No more.
Story Continued Below
Rosenstein's intimate involvement in the stunning firing of FBI Director James Comey this week has imperiled the reputation they established as a fair broker — a reputation that earned them U.S. attorney appointments under Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama.
The deputy attorney general scrambled Thursday to try to assuage those concerns, but several prominent Democratic lawmakers went public with their dismay at Rosenstein's role in Comey's abrupt ouster.
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and Sens. Dianne Feinstein and Chris Murphy all sent clear signals to Rosenstein that he'd done damage by preparing the three-page memo the Trump White House used to justify getting rid of the FBI chief, despite the bureau's ongoing Russia probe.
“I've now read Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein's memo three times. With each read I've become more troubled by the contents of this unusual document," said Feinstein, the top Democrat on the committee that oversees the Justice Department and the FBI.
Democrats had hoped Rosenstein would keep an eye on the Russia investigation, and Schumer said when Rosenstein was confirmed to their position at the Justice Department in March that they had agreed to appoint a special prosecutor in the case if necessary. Now, Democrats are publicly questioning their judgment.
Rosenstein's aides privately reached out to Schumer for a meeting, but Schumer declined because they wanted Rosenstein to meet with all senators, one source familiar with the interaction said. Schumer said Thursday that Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell agreed to invite Rosenstein to brief all senators on Comey's firing next week, an invite McConnell has since sent. There was no immediate word whether Rosenstein would accept.
The memo, which Rosenstein wrote at Trump's request after they and Attorney General Jeff Sessions went to the White House on Monday, said Comey had done serious damage to the FBI's reputation through their handling of the 2016 investigation into Hillary Clinton's private email account, which they used as secretary of state.
Titled “Restoring Public Confidence in the FBI,” Rosenstein laid out the case that Comey violated Justice Department policies by closing the Clinton email probe last July without consulting prosecutors, by making a public statement about the evidence “as if it were a closing argument,” and by alerting Congress to the re-opening of the probe in October when new emails were found.
“It is a textbook example of what federal prosecutors and agents are taught not to do,” Rosenstein wrote. Their memo quoted various former Justice Department officials op-eds and TV appearances faulting Comey's conduct.
The No. 2 DOJ official's memo was attached to a brief letter from Sessions sent Tuesday to the president, who fired Comey that day.
White House officials initially cited Rosenstein's memo as their basis for Comey's dismissal, but the president later acknowledged he'd already decided to fire the FBI chief regardless of DOJ's stance on the matter. "Regardless of recommendation, I was going to fire Comey," Trump told NBC News.
Democrats had already expressed suspicion at the explanation. "There is widely reported skepticism that the reasons laid out in your memo are the real basis for the President's decision to fire Director Comey,” Schumer wrote in a letter to Rosenstein dated Wednesday.
"Instead of a document that provides meaningful analysis, the memo reads like a political document," Feinstein said Thursday before Trump's comments.
Amid the growing scrutiny, Rosenstein was seen arriving Thursday at the Senate Intelligence Committee on Capitol Hill, where they met with Sens. Richard Burr (R-N.C.) and Mark Warner (D-Va.), the chairperson and vice chairperson.
On their way out after, Rosenstein said they had no plans to leave their job, despite reports they warned the White House against continuing to pin Trump's decision to fire Comey on him.
"No. I'm not quitting," they told reporters, according to video posted by Sinclair Broadcast Group.
Asked whether they had threatened to resign, Rosenstein said simply: "No."
But a source briefed on the situation said Rosenstein remained furious with the White House about its handling of the episode.
Sen. Chris Murphy (D-Conn.) said there was no point in threatening to resign.
"Threatening to quit is meaningless, Mr. Rosenstein," Murphy wrote on Twitter. "You wrote a memo you knew would be used to perpetuate a lie. You own this debacle."
Several former federal prosecutors also were withering in their criticism of Rosenstein and their memo.
“Rod Rosenstein is a useful patsy,” said Columbia Law School professor Daniel Richman, a former Comey adviser. "If you have principles and you think you're being used, you resign.”
Former federal prosecutor Paul Rosenzweig said the three-page memo lacked rigor.
“It's a compendium of other people's opinions rather than their own,” Rosenzweig said. They pointed out that the memo doesn't quote or even cite any of the policies Comey allegedly violated, nor does it account for exceptions Comey said applied or address past disclosures that Comey claimed set precedent for their unusual actions.
“The letter does not have great evidence of having been fully staffed through a process in the Department of Justice,” said Rosenzweig, an ex-prosecutor and former Department of Homeland Security official.
Breaking News Alerts Get breaking news when it happens — in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Sessions has not commented directly on the criticism of Rosenstein, but they praised them Thursday in a speech in West Virginia on efforts to rein in opioid abuse, calling them "my great deputy attorney general" and saluting their quarter-century of service as a federal prosecutor.
It remains to be seen how Rosenstein will handle the key remaining question: whether to appoint a special counsel to pursue the Russia inquiry, as Democrats have demanded.
Sessions has recused themselves from issues pertaining to Trump and Russia, so that decision remains in Rosenstein's hands for now, although Schumer and Feinstein want them to pass off the sensitive call to a career official at Justice.
The White House has dismissed calls for a special prosecutor. “We don't think it's necessary,” White House deputy press secretary Sarah Sanders said Wednesday.
Sol Wisenberg, a former deputy independent counsel in the Whitewater probe, said Sanders' comments put Rosenstein in an awkward position.
“If I was Rosenstein, I'd be troubled by it,” Wisenberg said. “If they make the decision they can handle it themselves and that a special counsel wasn't necessary, it makes that looks suspect.”
Seung Min Kim, Michael Crowley and Ali Watkins contributed to this report.
Steven Soderbergh is nothing if not ever-evolving—except, maybe, for tireless. After establishing themselves as one of their generation's great auteurs with movies like Sex, Lies, and Videotape, Out of Sight, and Traffic, they vowed to stop making theatrical films. During the supposed hiatus, they made HBO's Liberace biopic Behind the Candelabra, and two seasons of prestige drama The Knick for Cinemax. Then this summer, "retirement" over, they returned to the multiplex with the heist flick Logan Lucky.
That wasn't all, though. He's also spent the last few years working on Mosaic, an app-based miniseries mystery that viewers navigate their way through, chapter by chapter. (At the end of each node, they can choose which character to follow or which new scene to watch.) For most other directors, it would be a dramatic career turn. But for someone as prolific as Soderbergh, it's just one of a handful of projects they seem to be constantly working their way through with a savant-like ease.
Soderbergh sat down with WIRED in their Tribeca office (which looks delightfully like where a 1930s gumshoe would set up shop) to share the backstory on their latest project, as well as their thoughts on virtual reality, the future of filmmaking, and the sexual harassment allegations against the man who helped make Sex, Lies, and Videotape a hit: Harvey Weinstein.
Steven Soderbergh on making an app that tells a story:
I was initially reticent—as a filmmaker/storyteller, anything that feels game-y is a little scary because games and being told a story work at cross-purposes. In the game, the viewer has agency, and as a result there's a certain kind of engagement that happens that isn't the kind of emotional engagement you get from experiencing a story. So my concern was: Will I still have the kind of control as a filmmaker that I need to have? But what I saw was something that was not a film, and not a game. It was rubbing up against both these things, but was different enough from each to be exciting. The technical innovations that have taken place in gaming over the last decade and a half are stunning, so this seemed like an opportunity to take advantage of a form that has been around a long time—branching narrative—and have the technology be an organic part of the story, as opposed to someone coming along and saying “Oh, I got this piece of new tech, let's jam a story into it.”
On virtual reality:
There are several things working against it. When you can't see your protagonist, it's virtually impossible to hook into the story. This is how we engage, looking into the eyes of the protagonist. There's no such thing as montage. It's uncomfortable to have that thing on your head for more than a certain period of time. Part of the joy of anything is watching it with someone else and at a certain point looking at them and going “Holy shit!” That's gone. To me, there are all these things working against it as a longform, narrative format. I think it's going to work best as a combination of immersion and gaming and stuff like that, but I don't… I wish I could short it, I could make a lot of money. But I don't think I can.
On the value of short TV seasons:
It's a chicken or the egg thing, does [a short series] feel more satisfying because they're designing them that way, or is it truly more satisfying? I don't know. It depends on the format. Sitcoms tend to lend themselves to years and years and years, for whatever reason. Hour-long dramas, they're hard. To keep them fresh you need to keep introducing new people and killing people off. You gotta have a universe that's large enough to allow for expansion and contraction.
On what happened to The Knick:
One of the ways we were going to keep The Knick [going] was that it was conceived from the beginning as six years. The idea was that every two years you would leap forward in time. Brand-new cast, new characters. The institution was the only common element. That's because we were very concerned about this issue of just running out of things for people to do.
We knew we were going to kill [Dr. John Thackery]. From the get-to I told Clive [Owen], “Two years. I need you for two years; we're going to kill you.” So Seasons 3 and 4 were going to jump forward 50 years and then Seasons 5 and 6 were going to take place in the near future. That was always the master plan. It went away not because of anyone's desire to step on its throat. Season 3 got written but when Cinemax decided, “We wanna go back to Cinemax's pure genre roots,” Season 3 and 4 of The Knick—which were going to be in black-and-white—didn't really seem like a good fit there.
On shooting their upcoming movie Unsane on an iPhone:
I've been shooting stuff on my phone with intention and purpose for a couple years. I started seriously thinking at the end of the year last year that I gotta find something that really works for that. And just by chance a writer friend of mine called me up out of the blue looking for work. I said, “I don't have anything for you, but if you can write me a super low-budget thriller/horror type thing, I'll shoot it June 1.” This was mid-January. Three weeks later, a script shows up, and I love it. I said, “Let's go.”
It was so liberating. I'm going to do it again. … The ability to put the lens anywhere I wanted in a matter of seconds, if not minutes, was incredibly freeing. You want to put a camera above somebody's head, you've got to lash a rope to it and tie it to something so it doesn't kill them. This, you just stick it on a piece of velcro and shoot. If I literally want to lay it on the floor, I can. It's a 4K capture. I've seen it on a giant screen; nobody, if they didn't already know, would ever suspect. It looks like a normal movie.
On their next project with the men behind Moonlight:
The next thing I'm going to do is, at the end of February I'm doing a small film that I've been developing with Andre Holland, who was in The Knick, and is being written by Tarell Alvin McCraney, who wrote the play that Moonlight was based on. They and I started talking during the first season of The Knick about a project and the script just came in and it's great. It'll be shot here in New York.
On producing the all-female Ocean's 8:
We're finishing Ocean's 8 now. I'm keying off [director] Gary [Ross]. He's a friend of mine, so when I need to be forward, I'm forward. And when I feel like I need to disappear, I disappear. But the movie's really good. To see [that cast] all together in a frame, it's kind of amazing. Because they're so different. It's really fun. It's a great group.
On their Panama Papers movie:
That script just came in and it's insane. Scott Z. Burns, who's written three scripts for me, wrote it. They pitched a very unusual approach to telling that story, and they really delivered. I'm trying now to see if I can do that next fall.
On the sexual harassment and assault allegations against Harvey Weinstein:
Obviously a lot of people approached me to talk [about it], but my attitude right now is that the voices that matter the most are the victims and I prefer that we not muddy the water yet. Let the people talk who are the targets. I see a lot of people weighing in and I don't really care to see them weigh in.
I don't know how anybody now thinks they can get away with this kind of behavior. Now that people who are the targets of this kind of behavior feel they can speak, I think it's game over for that shit. And I'm sorry it took so long.
I was just lucky that I wasn't raised in an environment where this kind of behavior was indulged in or viewed as acceptable. The people who mentored me didn't behave like this. When people are like, “How can this have been going on?” you have to understand, everybody creates the version of the entertainment industry that they want to be a part of. I tried, and have always tried, to avoid people who were known to be toxic. In this instance, I do think there weren't as many people as you think who had a real understanding of the breadth and the depth of what was going on. I didn't. You can find yourself in that territory, especially if you're someone like me who has absolutely no interest in the social aspects of the entertainment industry. I don't go out; all I do is work on stuff.
It's been really interesting to see all of that energy that's been built up over all of these years reassembled, channeled, and focused on a person. And to see how powerful it is. The energy that's generated from those kinds of encounters, in my mind, doesn't just like disappear. It's out there. It's in the people it happened to. And to watch it reassemble and fire on one person has been kind of incredible.
Buried within most tragedies are opportunities for transcendence. I'm hoping this is one of those situations. I think everybody feels upset that it took this long and it took this much. Nobody feels good about any of it, but I think it's going to be different.
More Soderbergh
When President Obama wanted to delay the employer mandate, that was relatively straightforward. Their administration issued guidance saying that the federal government would not penalize non-compliant employers for one year.
Their plan to delay insurance cancellations by one year is a bit trickier to pull off. States have typically regulated insurance markets and, while the federal government can tell insurers it will not penalize them for offering non-compliant plans, those carriers also need a go-ahead from their state insurance commissioner, too.
With the announcement less than 24 hours old, states are still trying to sort out what they'll do. We'll be keeping track of that here, with a running list of where states are on decisions to implement — or not play ball with — the president's plan.
If you know of states that are missing from our list, let me know! You can e-mail Sarah here.
Okay, please tell me I'm not the only one who wanted to draw them the first time they saw her.So here's one of the many things I have planned for this spring break. I just wanted to draw them the first time I saw her, I don't know why...maybe it's because of their unique design? I also included a background because well transparent backgrounds don't really add any effect to the character and I figured with this sort of character I shouldTurned out great in the endMight do a Friendship games series of the Mane 7 (not sure whether to include both or just one Twilight though) since I've been doing a mane 7 series for the last two movies ^^More stuff to come soon! (hopefully)MLP (C) Hasbro
Ground Forces map changes
We continue to work on existing maps for ground forces in War Thunder. Our goal is to both improve their overall appearance, and to add various areas of interest - such as additional shelter or places with tactical advantage over enemy forces. We present to you a selection of changes in existing maps::
Kuban.
We have done massive work on the entire western part of Kuban. We have smoothed the general topography of the landscape, resulting in more fluent vehicle travel, as well as removed the hill in the northwest part of the map - now there will be a ravine that you can cross without having to detour instead.
We have also added a stone shelter on a hill overlooking the lake, which will allow tanks with high-profiles to fire at the enemy crossing the path and still to be partially protected from enemy attacks.
Among other things, we have marked rough slopes with rocks that will allow players to see a steep descent much earlier rather than when the player is too close to avoid the danger from it.
Karelia
The mountain near the northern airfield has been modified to allow easier access to aircraft for landing. However the main focus of the map was to improve the ability to perform a greater variety of tactical maneuvers using ground vehicles. For this reason we have created a fork in the road from the eastern area of spawn, we have also added a convenient pathway to the central elevation from the north-western spawn point.
Mozdok.
With Mozdok we are working to change the topography of the map in order to achieve a better balance for a variety of the game modes. To do this, we have altered the terrain of western and central capture pointsused in Arcade mode, as well as the southern capture point, which is used in Realistic battles. The changes are designed to equalize the chances of victory for both teams.
Easter Europe.
We have made a lot of different changes for the Eastern Europe map. We redesigned many areas of the city, added many unique areas and squares, as well as improved performance on the map.
We will continue to improve our maps based on your valid feedback on the forums, so please continue to log your suggestions and we will see you in battle!
For more information about the global free public transport movement, please visit freepublictransport.info.
Download a flyer on how to start your own solidarity fund! [.print version]
In Stockholm and Gothenburg commuters are taking the initiative in the public transportation. Buses, trams, commuter trains and subways are necessary for us to get around in society. We cannot choose to walk 5 kilometers if it does not suit us to pay the fare. The public transportation should be like the sidewalk  paid by all, free to walk on. It would be as absurd to charge for it, as charging for public transportation.
Freeriding insurance
United we stand strong! P-kassan  the freeriding insurance  is a cooperation between people in similar situations. We do not afford the fare or do not want to pay it. You pay a small amount to the fund and if you get caught freeriding your bill is paid. The idea of this insurance is not new. It has been tried before and for quite some time, especially by students in the university cities, and has worked well even though in a small scale. The difference is that we have a greater goal than just helping each other to freeride. We want free public transportation, owned by us together and controlled by the workers in it.
Everyone will benefit from free transports
In Stockholm, all those who make less than 75 000 kronor per month (about 8300 euros) would benefit by letting a small tax raise finance the public transportation. Free public transportation is a way of taking from the richest and giving to the rest of us. It is about time for that kind of redistribution in our segregated cities.
And think about the socioeconomic gains that could be achieved by getting rid of all the ticket lines, tickets and control systems. Lots of money goes to these systems which leads to nothing but a bad mood in our common spaces.
We need to prioritize public transportations instead of cars
In the long run free public transportation would lead to other positive effects, like a better urban environment with less traffic jams. Today car traffic is prioritized at the expense of public transportation. Roads are financed by tax money and are free to use, but the public transportation is financed by fares. It is rather strange that the authorities punish those who choose the means of travel that suits the environment best.
Join the freerider insurance fund and take part in the struggle for free public transportation!*
TALLAHASSEE (CBSMiami/NSF) – A medical marijuana operator is demanding that the Florida Department of Health develop a regulation so vendors can begin processing and selling edible marijuana products to patients.
In a petition filed Friday, Surterra Florida asked health officials to start a rule-making process involving a new law designed to implement a voter-approved constitutional amendment that legalized medical marijuana for a broad swath of patients.
The new law, approved during a June special session, allows the state's medical-marijuana operators to sell edible products — currently banned in Florida — to qualified patients, so long as the products aren't geared toward children.
To “discourage consumption of edibles by children,” the law requires health officials to determine “by rule any shapes, forms, and ingredients allowed and prohibited for edibles.”
The law also prohibits medical marijuana operators from processing or selling edibles until the rule is finalized.
“As such, patients receiving treatment from the petitioners' medications are barred from doing so via the consumption of legally produced edibles,” a lawyer for Surterra wrote in a petition filed Friday with the Department of Health.
Under Florida law, the agency has 30 days to begin the rule-making process or provide a written explanation for not doing so.
“Many patients have been seeking edible products because it is the best format for them to find relief,” Surterra Florida President Wesley Reynolds said in a statement announcing the petition. “Surterra Wellness has and will continue to fight for access to medical cannabis, and this is just a continuation of that cause. The more available options for people, the more likely they will be able to use a cannabis product instead of highly addictive and easily abused opiates.”
The health department already intended to address the edibles issue before the petition was filed, according to spokesperson Mara Gambineri.
The new law “mandated that we have to create a rule on edibles, so we've already been planning on doing that,” they said. “It's part of all of the rules and regs we're working on right now.”
Gambineri could not say when the new regulations would be released.
“There's so much in (the law) that we are working through. We don't have an exact timeline for each rule,” they said.
Surterra's petition is the latest kink related to the new law, which expanded the number of licenses that must be awarded to operators in what could turn into one of the most lucrative medical marijuana markets in the country.
The law called for an overall increase of 10 licenses by Tuesday, including one license for a black farmer who had been part of settled lawsuits about discrimination by the federal government against black farmers.
Last month, Columbus Smith, a black farmer from Panama City, challenged the law, alleging that it is so narrowly drawn that only a handful of black farmers could qualify for the license. The lawsuit contends that the measure is what is known as an unconstitutional “special law.”
On Friday, Florida health officials informed legislative leaders they would not be able to meet the Tuesday deadline to issue five new licenses, blaming the delay on Hurricane Irma and the challenge by Smith. Other licenses have already been issued.
The evolution of the state's medical-marijuana industry has been fraught with delays since its inception in 2014, when lawmakers legalized low-THC treatments for a limited number of patients.
In an apparent attempt to resolve past mistakes, health officials revamped the method by which the five new marijuana operators will be chosen. The agency is outsourcing the selection process to a vendor, who will hire 16 “subject-matter experts” to evaluate the applications.
Potential vendors have submitted proposals, but the health department has not finalized a deal with any of the contractors, Gambineri said Monday.
The News Service of Florida's Dara Kam contributed to this report.
A CANBERRA woman has given a tearful account of how the Church of Scientology allegedly coerced them to have two abortions, as a fresh attempt was being made for a Senate inquiry into the organisation.
Senator Nick Xenophon's effort to get an Upper House inquiry into the tax-free status of religious groups, including Scientology, failed last week, when both Labor and the Coalition voted against it.
The Senate will tomorrow vote on an inquiry with revised terms - looking at alleged abuse in the church, and whether criminal, consumer protection and occupational health and safety laws are adequate to deal with its practices.
It will not examine Scientology's beliefs, following concerns an inquiry would impinge on religious freedom.
Senator Xenophon believes their bid could be successful.
"I'm confident that my colleagues are thinking more deeply than they did a week ago," they said today.
Their efforts were backed by former Scientologist Janette Lang, who spoke out for the first time about their ordeal with the church.
Ms Lang says they were a Scientologist for 13 years, after falling pregnant at age 20 to a man who had recently been recruited to the organisation.
Them boyfriend's Scientologist bosses coerced them into terminating the pregnancy, they alleged.
"We fought for a week, I was devastated, I felt abused, I was lost and eventually I gave in," they said, fighting back tears.
"It was my baby, my body and my choice, and all of that was taken away from me by Scientology."
The pair married and had two daughters, but Ms Lang's husband was sent to the US to train as a spiritual counsellor.
"While they were over there, I was forbidden to contact him," they said.
"After a year, we agreed to a divorce."
As a full-time employee of the church, Ms Lang alleges they earned $2000 a year and was sometimes forced to work until 2am, with their two daughters asleep in the office.
After their divorce, they fell pregnant to another Scientologist and the church threatened them with excommunication if they didn't have another abortion.
"My children would not be able to see their father, I would not be able to see my sister and I was told I would get cancer and die," they said.
"(Prime Minister) Kevin Rudd and (Opposition Leader) Tony Abbott: please don't let us suffer in silence."
The Church of Scientology rejected Ms Lang's claims, saying it did "not condone nor force anyone to undertake any medical procedure whatsoever".
Church spokesperson Virginia Stewart questioned why Ms Lang was making the allegations at a press conference: "These are serious claims and rightly should be reported to the police immediately. We would cooperate fully with any investigation of persons allegedly involved."
The allegations of coerced abortions, separation from family members and workplace law breaches by the Church of Scientology echo others that have been aired in recent weeks.
Canberra couple James and Liz Anderson, whose story was featured on the ABC's Four Corners program, also fronted reporters today.
The couple is seeking meetings with both Mr Rudd and Mr Abbott ahead of the Senate vote.
They and other former Scientologists plan to make themselves available to parliamentarians outside Parliament House tomorrow.
Update: May 2012 - A letter from the Church of Scientology
On 17 March 2010, you ran a story entitled Scientologists forced me to have two abortions, ex-disciple says, reporting allegations made against the Church of Scientology by SA Senator Nick Xenophon and a former Church member, Janette Lang (née Vonthethorff).
The Federal Police conducted a thorough investigation into these allegations and concluded there was no evidence to back them. The AFP has discontinued its investigation.
I ask that your organisation now place on file the corrected information to ensure this falsehood is never repeated
The facts are:
* Senator Xenophon declared in the Senate (Hansard, March 18, 2010) that the Church of Scientology forced former Church volunteer, Ms Janette Lang (née Vonthethorff) to have two abortions against them will.
* This was categorically denied by the Church. The Church provided evidence to the Senate Privileges Committee as part of documentation concerning numerous false statements uttered by the Senator. We also responded to media questions.
* It should be noted that the Senator made no attempt at any time to verify this damaging and false accusation before putting it on the public record and to the national media, including your organisation.
* The Australian Federal Police (AFP) subsequently investigated the matter and concluded the investigation. The official findings of December 9, 2010, stated:
“Over the past few months, continued investigation has been unable to progress this matter further.
“Of note, no criminal offences have been identified, all reasonable lines of enquiry have been exhausted and it is recommended that the investigation be finalized.”
Please see the attached document obtained from the AFP under Freedom of Information.
* Additionally, after the AFP investigation was completed, Senator Xenophon failed to correct the Parliamentary record and rescind their unverified accusation.
* This was a very serious accusation and deserved a correction at least when it was found to be untrue. The Senator's Chief of Staff was dealing directly with Ms Lang and was aware of the conclusion of the investigation.
It is not Church policy nor practise to counsel expectant mothers or any of its staff on what to do with their own bodies and it does not advise on any medical procedures, including abortions. This is between an individual and their doctor.
Indeed, at no time was the Church even aware that Ms Lang was pregnant. Ms Lang only advised members of the Church of their abortions after the event. Pertinent to this issue, they have three children and two of their children were born while they were a religious volunteer with the Church of Scientology.
Like many parishioners of any religion, Ms Lang has made their own personal choices and acted of their own free will independent of their religion and their Church.
Virginia Stewart,
Church of Scientology Australia
A decayed Loch Ness Monster on the shore of Loch Ness in Scotland is more funny than fascinating, yet serious people declare it a hoax.
Someone walking their dog along the shore of Loch Ness in Scotland took photos of what is purported to be the skeletal remains of the Loch Ness Monster.
"Has Nessy been found?" the Facebook post from Help2Rehome Scotland asked. "Or someone playing a fascinating prank?"
The images of the alleged skeleton with the animal's organs intact show police tape surrounding the mysterious creature that supposedly washed ashore Wednesday, prompting all sorts of reactions, as anything related to a Loch Ness Monster sighting usually does:
"The guts wouldn't be there if it was real! It would just be bones the rest would be eaten away."
"Nessie didn't agree with the Brexit and tried to escape to Europe."
"So fake … hahah … the bones is all what's left and no inner organs look that fresh … come on people."
And this one, our favorite: "I love how proud some seem to point out this is a hoax. It's a mythical creature. Of course it's a hoax!"
But that doesn't stop people from looking for it.
Gary Campbell, keeper of the Official Loch Ness Monster Sightings Register, told the Daily Mail that they have received five eyewitness reports of sightings of Nessie in 2016, already the most in a single year in the past 13 years.
The Scots are fascinated by the mysterious creature, as is the world. Tourists visit the area in an attempt to spot Nessie, adding an estimated $40 million to the local economy as a result.
And it seems anything related to the Loch Ness Monster gets media attention in the UK.
"Is the Loch Ness Monster dead? Picture of skeletal remains on shoreline stuns tourists," the headline in the Mirror said.
RELATED: Marine robot discovers outline of 'Loch Ness Monster' remains
"Could this be what's left of Nessie?" the Daily Mail headline said.
Well, as if anyone really needed reassurance that it was a prank, Snopes.com has an official report about the "skeletal remains of the Loch Ness Monster." Its verdict: "False."
What's behind the hoax? The animal charity Help2Rehome Scotland admitted the scene was for an upcoming TV documentary.
More from GrindTV
How to know when it's time to replace your beloved outdoor gear
Spring/Summer Gear Guide: Lawson Blue Ridge Camping Hammock
Why going slow on your mountain bike makes you a better rider
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An unemployed dad-of-two auctioned themselves on eBay to earn some money for Christmas...but was bought - for just £10.50.
Dave Robinson, 36, took to the online auction house in a bid to earn some cash to buy Christmas presents for their two girls, aged one and 11.
Dave, from Tonteg, Pontypridd, has applied for more than 1,000 jobs since becoming unemployed three months ago - but only received two replies.
They said desperate times led to desperate measures and took to the online auction house - posting a listing under the title: 'Somebody Please Take Pity and Give Me a Job.'
But they were left disappointed by how little they raised, Wales Online reports.
They said: "The listing proved quite popular with over 600 page views but the final sale price was £10.50.
"I was disappointed, after all, who wants to work a week for a mere £10.50?
"I thought I may at least get an offer of £100, it just reinforces my belief that I'm the world's most unemployable man. True to my word I agreed to the deal."
Dave, who has held jobs from management level to cleaning, has completed the set task competently and professionally.
They were employed to help edit and act in a new online time-travelling comedy webseries called Penarth.
They said: "The winning bidder was an independent filmmaker called Fritz O'Skennick from Cardiff who saw my online videos, acting and editing skills and wanted to utilise them in their new comedy.
"I have done a bit of acting, filming and editing for them and I believe they are more than happy with their purchase.
"I will be featured in episode eight airing in a few weeks' time.
"His self-funded project meant they rely mainly on volunteers and aspiring actors and they said they bid a maximum of £20 not expecting to win."
Dave said they got the initial idea to auction themselves online after selling some items online.
Since losing their job as a warehouse worker in August, Dave has been surviving on what little savings they had put aside and has gradually sold off their beloved Transformers collection that began when they were a young boy.
They said: "Now my savings have depleted and my collection is merely a memory.
"Christmas is looming and I have a young family with no means to make their wishes come true this year."
Dave said every effort they have made to secure employment has been unsuccessful.
"Each morning I log into the Government's job search website and apply for all the jobs within my skill range within my area," they said.
"Most of them link you to another independent job website which you have to sign up to in order to apply.
"All of a sudden my email is getting bombarded by different job companies telling me what great jobs they have for me to apply for, but it's so disheartening when you get nothing back.
"The replies I had said the same. 'I'm sorry to say you have not been successful on this occasion but we wish you all the best'.
"At least they took the time to reply."
The auction ended on Tuesday, after five bids were placed.
Dave has decided to re-list themselves on eBay.
This time they are hoping to make £100.
To bid visit www.ebay.co.uk/itm/Somebody-Please-Take-Pity-and-Give-Me-a-Job-/271696968541
Ron Moore's original series bible for Battlestar Galactica is online, and it's full of critiques of "bumpy-headed aliens," "techno-double-talk" and other Star Trek mainstays. The most important thing to remember about the Cylons? "They are not the Borg."
The jabs at Star Trek from Moore — who had only recently ended a long stint on The Next Generation, Deep Space Nine and (briefly) Voyager — are the first thing that jump out at you when you read the bible. Moore is out for "nothing less than the reinvention of the science fiction television series." And that means avoiding "the usual stories about parallel universes, time-travel, mind-control, evil twins, God-like powers and all the other cliches." And the roster of characters should not include "'the cocky guy,' 'the fast-talker,' 'the brain,' 'the wacky alien sidekick' or any of the other usual characters.
Advertisement
It's sad to realize that in 2003, when Moore drafted this document, televised space opera included not only Star Trek, but also Stargate and Farscape. (And Lexx had recently gone off the air.) So even though Battlestar Galactica succeeded in a lot of Moore's aims, helping to reinvent the space opera genre, it also was one of the last space opera shows to make it onto television.
But once you look past the criticisms of Star Trek-style space opera, you get to the details of Moore's reimagined BSG universe, and you realize just what a master world-builder the man is. (There's a lengthy discussion of the terminology that a Viper pilot will use when flying back into Galactica's docking bay.) And how clever a lot of the early details of BSG really were — Moore goes into a lot of depth about the fact that the Colonials had to remove computer networking from all of their machines to avoid having them taken over by the Cylons. And this has had a huge impact on their overall technology:
A useful way to think about this is to take any piece of equipment and strip out its ability to talk to another piece of equipment. If your cell phone did not have access to a computer network, how efficiently could it operate? Could it operate at all? How do you design a navigational system for a spacecraft if the various components cannot be networked together? How do you design a fighter that relies more on human brainpower to identify threats and make decisions than anything built into the cockpit? One of the most important concepts is that there is no "master computer" aboard Galactica or any other Colonial ship. In fact, our computers are very dumb in comparison to even the PC sitting on the average writer's desk. We should always endeavor to find ways of forcing human beings to do the hard work involved with operating and maintaining a spacecraft. Human brains need to crunch numbers, organize data, and come up with solutions to complex problems.
Advertisement
Their description of Cylon society is also pretty interesting, with its emphasis on art and beauty and individuality — and Moore writes: "In general, the Cylons should be an extension of current, cutting edge ideas about how computer technology could potentially be exploited and be put.to use in the service of an artificial intelligence." (Unfortunately, it seems like some of Moore's grander ideas about Cylon society failed to translate that well when we finally spent more time on a baseship, in season three.)
One of the fascinating things is that Moore talks about how the Galactica crew could encounter alien life forms — like, actual aliens, who aren't Cylon or an offshoot of humanity. And how these creatures would be completely unlike any lifeform we've ever seen, not like the usual science fiction aliens.
There's also reams of backstory on all the show's major characters. (Interestingly, they envisioned Commander Adama as defending personal liberties against Laura Roslin's more "hawkish" tendencies.) And Moore elaborates on their theory of arc-based storytelling, which they credit to Hill Street Blues. And they talk about how to maintain the feeling that the Cylons could attack at any time:
As a general rule of thumb, we should encounter an actual Cylon raid every third episode and in between encounters our people should constantly be studying and testing new ways of fighting their implacable enemy. It's important to note that while the Cylons were virtually invincible in the pilot, that there will be a more level playing field as the series goes on. This will be a result of the natural tendency in warfare for both sides to learn from their enemy, and develop new counter-measures for their opponents' strengths. As a general rule, Galactica's fighters are generally outmatched in combat with the Cylons, but the more we fight them, the more we learn, so that this week we have a temporary advantage and next week it's gone again. The on-going struggle will force both sides to constantly improve their technology and tactics to keep pace with their enemy.
Advertisement
All in all, the Battlestar Galactica series bible is a must-read for anybody who's interested in science fiction world-building and the process of creating an arc-driven television series from the ground-up. And it's definitely a reminder how fresh and exciting the show was when it launched. [Battlestar Galactica series bible (PDF), via Between The Pages]
The Ukrainian Supreme Commercial Court of Appeal has upheld the nationalization of 1,433 kilometers of pipeline through the country which it says was illegally registered in the name of a subsidiary of Russia's Transneft.
A spokesperson for Transneft, Igor Demin, told TASS that the company intends to appeal the decision, and added that it will lead to a decline in the transit of product, and "the pipeline asset will turn into a pile of iron."
The nationalization primarily concerns the Samara of westerly direction pipeline, which is owned by part of Southwest Transnefteprodukt, a subsidiary of Transneft. The company also owns a part of the Grozny-Armavir-Trudovaya pipeline which is currently out of service.
Ukraine and EU countries get Russian diesel fuel through these pipelines.
In October, the President of Transneft Nikolay Tokarev said the company wouldn't pump oil through Ukraine towards Hungary if the government went through with the nationalization of the pipelines. They said if that were the case Transneft would pump preservative solution into the pipes.
Taking your bike out for a nighttime ride never looked so good. Poland's first illuminated cycling path was created by TPA Instytut Badan Technicznych Sp. z o.o, a company which has also experimented with scented asphalt—think strawberry, citrus, and rose. The company was inspired by a similar bike path in the Netherlands that was an innovative take on Van Gogh's Starry Night. A significant amount of time was spent researching sustainable solutions that would not require additional light sources—the path in the Netherlands included LED lights.
The result is a 100 meter (328 feet) pathway that glows blue after dark due to a special synthetic material that gathers energy throughout the day from visible, ultraviolet, and infrared light. These luminophores, or particles, then emit light in a variety of colors, but blue was chosen as it was felt to best integrate with the surrounding landscape, which includes nearby lake. The particles hold enough energy to glow for about 10 hours, plenty of time for adventurous bikers to cycle along the path.
At the moment the project is experimental, as it remains to be seen how the glowing surface will hold up against the elements and the wear and tear of daily use. Cost is also a consideration, as the materials make the path more costly than normal bike lanes. Research is ongoing to make the materials more cost effective and the board of regional roads remains hopeful that the solution will increase safety for cyclists. If nothing else, it should certainly bring out curious cyclists looking for a unique experience.
Screenshot via YouTube
Screenshot via YouTube
via [Inhabitat, Upworthy]
Image Comics takes Expo to Seattle, unveils more programming to precede Emerald City Comicon
Image Comics is pleased to reveal more of the IMAGE EXPO creator guests line-up and teases many more special surprise guests to come, as well as exclusive merchandise available to attendees. IMAGE EXPO will kick off the Emerald City Comicon (ECCC) in Seattle on Wednesday, April 6th, from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. at The Showbox Market theater.
IMAGE EXPO will be an all-day event featuring such guests as Ed Brubaker (THE FADE OUT), Cameron Stewart (The New 52's Batgirl), Brenden Fletcher (The New 52's Batgirl), Babs Tarr (The New 52's Batgirl), Ron Wimberly (SLAVE PUNK), Howard Chaykin (SATELLITE SAM), and Nick Dragotta (EAST OF WEST) as well as previously announced guests Leila del Duca (SHUTTER), Joe Harris (SNOWFALL), Rick Remender (TOKYO GHOST), Alison Sampson (GENESIS), and Jonathan Hickman (EAST OF WEST), with more guests to be announced soon. More special surprise guests will be introduced at the show.
IMAGE EXPO merchandise will also be available at the show for purchase by attendees including: BLACK ROAD #1 by Brian Wood and Garry Brown, cover art by Garry Brown, THE FIX #1 by Nick Spencer and Steve Lieber, cover art by Steve Lieber, and Grizzly Shark #1 by Ryan Ottley and Ivan Plascencia, cover art by Ryan Ottley, TOKYO GHOST by Rick Remender and Sean Gordon Murphy convention exclusive hardcover, Image Firsts Compendium: Book Two, Image Comics T-shirts, and Image Comics tote bags.
Tickets to the event are now available for sale. Image Comics is pleased to offer General Admission tickets available for $25, Premium Admission tickets available for $75, and Image Comics' Spring Formal tickets (the official EXPO afterparty—with a twist!) for $15.
A General Admission Ticket will grant one (1) person entry to IMAGE EXPO and includes a program guide book, access to EXPO programming (does not include Spring Formal ticket).
A Premium Admission Ticket will grant one (1) entry to IMAGE EXPO and includes admission to EXPO programming, program guide book, admission ticket to 18+ Image Comics' Spring Formal dance—a chance to mingle with creators, press, retailers, and fellow fans, Image T-shirt, Image tote bag, EXPO exclusive variants, Priority seating, and access to the Premium signing.
An Image Comics' Spring Formal Ticket will grant one (1) entry to the official IMAGE EXPO afterparty—this year held from 8 p.m. to 12 a.m. in the style and spirit of a traditional high school dance and in celebration of the industry's diversity and camaraderie. Details to come.
Tickets to IMAGE EXPO presented by Emerald City Comicon are limited and available on a first come, first served basis. Tickets can be purchased here.
IMAGE EXPO is an all-day event for fans, the retailer community, and the press to experience a showcase of exciting Image Comics announcements. IMAGE EXPO 2016 will feature a line-up of some of the hottest names in comics and offers a unique experience for fans to have unprecedented access to the writers and artists behind their favorite comic books at exclusive autograph sessions and comic-focused programming. The event is open to all fans, comics retailers, librarians, and media.
Seating at IMAGE EXPO is limited. Admission for retailers and members of the media is complimentary (passes are limited).
Members of the media interested in requesting a press pass should fill out this form. Comics retailers interested in obtaining their complimentary pass should fill out this form.
Don't miss your chance to meet creators, attend panels and signings, receive exclusive swag, and get the scoop on all that Image Comics has in store, all before ECCC.
Image Comics fans can follow the latest IMAGE EXPO updates at imagecomics.com/expo. We hope to see you there!
About ReedPOP
ReedPOP is a boutique group within Reed Exhibitions exclusively devoted to organizing events, launching and acquiring new shows, and partnering with premium brands in the pop culture world. ReedPOP is dedicated to celebrations of popular culture throughout the globe that transcend ordinary events by providing unique access and dynamic personal experiences. The ReedPOP portfolio includes: New York Comic Con (NYCC), Chicago Comic & Entertainment Expo (C2E2), Penny Arcade Expo (PAX) West, East, South and Australia, Emerald City Comicon (ECCC), BookCon, Oz Comic-Con, Comic Con India, Paris Comic Con, Star Wars Celebration, TwitchCon, UFC Fan Expo and more. The staff at ReedPOP is a fan-based group of professionals uniquely qualified to serve those with whom they share a common passion. ReedPOP is focused on bringing its expertise and knowledge to world communities in North America, South America, Europe, Asia, India and Australia. (www.reedpop.com)
My Santa really did a great job! I am so happy with my cozy gifts, baby is already sleeping with their giraffe blankie! I told Santa I was a new mommy who doesn't have a whole lot of times for hobbies and prefers to be comfy and cozy lately with a small babe keeping me busy. They really did a great job of combining my inner geek with my need for comfort. I also told Santa I do from time to time play Yoshi's Wooly World so Santa sent me an Amiibo to play with :) It's been super cold up here in Chicago too so this is perfect! Thanks Santa mom and babe are happy you took the time to think of us this holiday season!
Update: this blanket with a hood is perfect for baby they have Plagiocephaly and needs to wear a doc band helmet so most hats don't fit over the helmet. This will keep them warm as we walk to the car so thank you so so much!
The Daily Mail tells us one in three mothers has post-traumatic stress disorder after having a baby, and says "having a baby's like being in a terror attack".
The unnecessarily alarmist headlines follow a study of just 89 women in Israel who completed a survey in the month after giving birth. In fact, only three women (3.4%) reported full-blown post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) at one month after birth.
Around one in four women (25.9%) had some symptoms but were not considered to have PTSD.
These symptomatic women were more likely to report having had a previous 'traumatic' birth, and to have had pregnancy problems or fears about birth.
The researchers did find that having a Caesarean section or assisted delivery (for example using forceps) was not associated with symptoms of PTSD.
Overall, little can be concluded from this very small survey of women from Israel, a country that may have different maternity care compared with the UK.
A much larger study of women from the UK is needed to assess how common PTSD following birth is in this country, and to see what factors may be associated with it. This will help to ensure that all women who experience emotional or psychological distress during pregnancy or following birth receive the full care and support that they need.
Where did the story come from?
The study was carried out by researchers from Beer Yaakov Mental Health Center, and other medical centres in Israel. No sources of funding are reported.
The study was published in the Israel Medical Association Journal (IMAJ).
News reporting of this study is alarmist, unhelpful and unnecessary, considering its extremely small sample size and uncertain relevance to UK obstetric care and outcomes. There is certainly no firm evidence to equate 'having a baby' with experiencing a 'terror attack'.
What kind of research was this?
This was a survey of 89 women in Israel who were given a questionnaire to complete immediately after birth, and one month after. The questionnaire included the Post-traumatic Stress Diagnostic Scale (PDS), which the authors say is a self-administered questionnaire designed to aid in the diagnosis of PTSD according to diagnostic criteria. However, even if this is a valid measure, a sample of only 89 women is too small on which to base any firm conclusions. A sample of a different 90-100 women could have given completely different results.
Studies assessing the prevalence of a condition among a certain population should ideally assess large numbers of people who are representative of the whole population from which the sample came. Given that pregnancy and birth are extremely common events in society, it would not be difficult to assess a much larger sample than 89 women.
Since the UK may have different antenatal, maternity and postnatal care from Israel, this survey has uncertain relevance to our society. Also, some of the mothers with PTSD symptoms reported feeling very uncomfortable being in a state of undress, and this contributed towards feelings of trauma. As Israel tends to have a more socially conservative culture than the UK, the same factors may not be as significant for UK women.
What did the research involve?
The researchers invited 102 women to their study who were staying in a hospital maternity ward after giving birth. All women were said to be eligible and there had been no restrictions to inclusion, though the study does not say how many women were originally considered for inclusion. A third of the sample were having their first baby, their average age was 32 and 85% were married.
These 102 women were given a questionnaire that was said to include psychosocial and demographic variables, a relationship questionnaire and the International Personality Disorder Examination personality questionnaire. One month later women were asked to complete another questionnaire that was said to have included an inventory exploring mental state after delivery as well as the Post-traumatic Stress Diagnostic Scale. Only 89 of the original 102 sample completed the one-month survey assessing PTSD.
The researchers assessed prevalence of:
PTSD (full diagnostic criteria met)
partial PTSD (one or two symptoms lacking)
PTSD symptoms that did not meet diagnostic criteria.
They also looked at any factors that were associated with these conditions.
What were the basic results?
Three women (3.4%) met full diagnostic criteria for PTSD.
A further 23 women (25.9%) had symptoms of PTSD but did not meet diagnostic criteria. Among these were:
seven women who had partial PTSD and only lacked one or two symptoms
seven women who had partial PTSD and some functional impairment
seven women who met symptomatic criteria but did not have functional impairment
two women who met criteria for PTSD but their symptoms did not last for one month
A significant flaw with the reporting of these results is that the researchers did not provide more information about exactly how they define terms such as functional impairment.
No relationship was found between the development of PTSD symptoms and demographic data (including level of education), or with assisted or Caesarean delivery.
Women who had PTSD symptoms were more likely to report a previous traumatic birth (including subsequent depression and anxiety), medical or psychological problems during pregnancy, or fears about birth. PTSD symptoms were also associated with experiencing more discomfort at being undressed, stronger feelings of danger and not wanting to have additional children.
How did the researchers interpret the results?
The authors conclude that there is a 3.4% prevalence of PTSD following birth among women in Israel. They say that the results “indicate the importance of inquiring about previous pregnancy and birthing experiences and the need to identify at-risk populations... addressing anticipatory concerns of pain prior to delivery as well as respecting dignity and minimizing the undressed state during childbirth”.
Conclusion
The results of this study are primarily of relevance to Israel and suggest that 3.4% of women experience PTSD after birth. However, the reliability of this estimate is limited by the extremely small sample size. Though 102 women originally agreed to participate, it is uncertain how many women were originally asked, and it could be that those women who agreed to participate did so because they were experiencing more emotional problems associated with birth. A sample of a different 90-100 women could have given completely different results. Studies assessing the prevalence of a condition among a certain population should ideally assess large numbers to get a better idea of what the true prevalence is. Given that pregnancy and birth are extremely common events in society, it should not be difficult to assess thousands of women, rather than a small sample of 89. A much larger study would have given a more reliable estimate of prevalence.
Furthermore, prevalence studies are only relevant to the population that they are representative of. Given that the UK may have different antenatal, maternity and postnatal care from Israel, this study has uncertain relevance to our country. Also, culture and society may be quite different in Israel. In this study PTSD symptoms were associated with factors such as distress at being undressed, or not wanting to have any more children. Sources of distress for women in Western society may not be identical to those in these women.
Overall, little can be concluded from this survey of an extremely small sample of women from Israel, a country that may have quite different obstetric care compared with the UK. A large study of women from the UK with clinically confirmed diagnosis of PTSD would be needed to assess how prevalent the condition is following birth in this country. Such a study may be able to show what factors are associated with the illness. This could help to ensure that women who experience significant emotional or psychological distress during pregnancy or following birth receive effective care and support for this serious condition.
Astronomers appear to have caught an exoplanet – a planet orbiting another star – in the middle of a cosmic vanishing act.
The planet, tagged CoRoT-7b, first hit the headlines last September when a team of astronomers confirmed the orb as the smallest exoplanet yet found. Its diameter is roughly 1.7 times that of Earth. Based on its size and mass, its density is similar to Earth's, indicating that it is a rocky Earth-like orb.
But it wasn't always this small. Scientists estimate that CoRoT-7b initially tipped the cosmic scales at 100 times more mass than Earth and orbited the star at a distance of about 2.3 million miles.
New findings suggest its proximity to its sun gives it a molten-hot surface temperature that is causing the planet to slowly vaporize.
If the astronomers' calculations are correct, the planet could be the first of a new class of planets, which astronomers have dubbed “evaporated remnant cores.”
CoRoT-7b orbits so close to its parent star – some 1.6 million miles away, compared with 93 million miles for Earth – that its "year" lasts 20.4 Earth hours. That gives it a surface temperature of some 3,600 degrees Fahrenheit on the daylit half. Such searing temperatures translate into a roiling surface of molten rock.
Many of the expolanets found at similar or somewhat larger distances from their suns have been so-called hot Jupiters – slowly roasting gas-giant planets. Having a rocky, Earth-sized planet in a similar orbit raises the question: Could CoRoT-7b be the remains of a vaporized hot Jupiter?
Several previous studies suggested that hot Jupiters underwent a fiery demise. A team led by Brian Jackson, a post-doctoral fellow at NASA's Goddard Spaceflight Institute in Greenbelt, Md., took a close look at CoRoT-7b and concluded that such a process is underway there, too.
In this case, it would be a vaporized hot Saturn, based on the team's estimates of its initial mass. Its gas vaporized and vanished as it migrated closer to its sun, leaving a rocky core with a lava surface that will ultimately boil away.
Another, more prosaic, answer could be that CoRoT-7b was always rocky, just more massive in the past. Either way "this planet is disappearing before our eyes," Dr. Jackson said in a statement.
They and their colleagues reached their conclusion after running simulations of planet formation on the distant solar system – backwards.
Essentially, as the star toasted the original planet, the planet lost mass. As that happened, the planet's gravitational tug on the star changed in ways that altered the ocean-like tides on the star. Those tidal changes in turn pulled the planet ever closer. But the closer the planet got, the more mass it lost, and the slower this "tidal migration" process changed its orbit.
Jackson shared the team's results this week during a briefing at the American Astronomical Society's winter meeting in Washington.
---
Follow us on Twitter.
Nearly 275,000 people signed the online petition
The White House has refused to comment on a petition to have Justin Bieber deported from the US.
Nearly 275,000 people signed the online petition to have the Canadian singer kicked out of their country and have their green card revoked. According to Sky News, the US Government are expected to respond to petitions over 100,000 signatures.
However, under their ‘We The People' initiative, the White House is allowed to respond with a ‘no comment' if it deems necessary. “Thanks for your petition and your participation in We the People. Sorry to disappoint, but we won't be commenting on this one,” read the White House statement.
It continued: “So we'll leave it to others to comment on Mr Bieber's case, but we're glad you care about immigration issues. Because our current system is broken.
“Independent economists say immigration reform will grow our economy and shrink our deficits by almost $1 trillion in the next 20 years. For those of you counting at home, that's 12.5 billion concert tickets – or 100 billion copies of Mr Bieber's debut album.”
Meanwhile, Justin Bieber failed to appear in court last Monday (April 14), just hours after they appeared on stage at Coachella Festival.
As reported, Bieber made a surprise appearance during Chance The Rapper's set at the US festival, a move which appeared to have led to them being unable to make a scheduled visit to court in Toronto where they face a recent assault charge.
Sharethrough (Mobile)
The Toronto Star newspaper reported that the pop star's lawyers stood in for Bieber and received disclosure evidence from crown prosecutors about the case, which dates back to an incident involving a limo driver in Toronto in December 2013. The case has been scheduled to return to court on May 12.
As Laguna Niguel adjusts to cutbacks in OCTA bus service, the city will hold two meetings to gather resident feedback and discuss possible transportation alternatives.
The meetings are part of a larger transit study funded through an OCTA grant. The study also will look at a potential transit system linking the Sea Country Senior and Community Center, federal building and future Agora development near City Hall, among other locations.
“We're really looking for feedback from residents and businesses,” said Nasser Abbaszadeh, director of public works in Laguna Niguel.
The meetings come more than three months after OCTA modified and cut lines in south Orange County while expanding coverage in other areas. A decline in ridership and tax revenue contributed to the cuts, OCTA said.
The cutbacks in Laguna Niguel and neighboring cities impacted multiple lines, including Routes 85 and 87.
Route 85, which connects Mission Viejo to Laguna Niguel, saw its service south of Alicia Parkway get cut. Saturday service was discontinued and the frequency nearly doubled to 60 minutes.
Route 87, which runs from Rancho Santa Margarita to Laguna Niguel, had its Saturday service discontinued.
Abbaszadeh estimates the study will be completed in 10 weeks. The findings will be delivered in a presentation to the City Council.
Contact the writer: 714-796-7844 or snewell@scng.com
A UK bloke living in America has been indicted by the US Department of Justice (DOJ) for allegedly running a multi-million-dollar online fraud operation.
The DOJ claims 37-year-old Gareth David Long operated a series of schemes that allowed them to illegally withdraw money from the bank accounts of thousands of unsuspecting victims. Long, who was living in Cedar Hill, Texas, faces 39 federal counts including money laundering, wire fraud, and identity theft.
According to the complaint [PDF] filed in the Nevada US District Court, Long ran at least three different scams between 2008 and 2013 in which they created and deposited roughly $22m worth of remotely created checks (RCCs) without authorization.
Designed as a way to make payments for over-the-phone or online orders, an RCC uses the account holder's name, address and bank account number to create a check that can be processed without a physical signature.
The DOJ charges that Long created a payment processing company called V Internet that created RCCs for merchants, including a telemarketing operation and payday loan processors.
"Gareth David Long abused the sensitive personal and financial information of hundreds of thousands of Americans in a brazen scheme to steal millions of dollars from unwitting account holders," Principal Deputy Assistant US Attorney General Benjamin Mizer said of the case.
"As this case makes clear, we will investigate and pursue charges against individuals who abuse the financial information of American consumers."
According to the DOJ filing, Long first processed RCC payments for an unnamed telemarketing operation (referred to as "Company A"), which had its transactions suspended on accusations it targeted the elderly for fraudulent charges. Long then moved on to set up a series of sites that purported to connect users with a "Company B" payday loan provider.
The DOJ alleges that, armed with the account details it gathered while working with companies A and B, as well as additional account details it purchased through "lead list" services, V Internet then created more than 750,000 fraudulent RCCs, each for $30, deposited into accounts controlled by Long.
To help cover the scheme, the indictment alleges, V Internet also ran a call center in which operators were instructed to lie to account holders that the charge would be reversed or in other cases tell callers they "must have applied for a payday loan and authorized the $30 fee; otherwise V Internet would not have their account information."
According to the DOJ, around half of the RCC payments were eventually reversed, either by banks at the request of account holders or because the charged accounts had been closed or did not have enough money to cover the RCC.
In addition to the criminal charges against Long, the DOJ says it has, by way of the US Postal Inspection Service, seized $2.9m from V Internet's bank accounts. Also seized were houses and land purchased by Long and a fleet of vehicles consisting of five airplanes, a Land Rover, a Dodge Charger, multiple tractors, five all-terrain vehicles, and a fire truck.
The DOJ did not say why Long owned a fire truck. ®
The single biggest misconception about games is that they're an escapist waste of time. But more than a decade's worth of scientific research shows that gaming is actually one of the most productive ways we can spend time.
No, playing games doesn't help the GDP - our traditional measure of productivity. But games help us produce something more important than economic bottom line: powerful emotions and social relationships that can change our lives--and potentially help us change the world.
Currently there are more than half a billion people worldwide playing online games at least an hour a day -- and 183 million in the US alone. The younger you are, the more likely you are to be a gamer -- 97% of boys under 18 and 94% of girls under 18 report playing videogames regularly. And the average young person racks up 10,000 hours of gaming by the age of 21. That's almost exactly as much time as they spend in a classroom during all of middle school and high school if they have perfect attendance. Most astonishingly, 5 million gamers in the U.S are spending more than 40 hours a week playing games -- the same as a full time job!
Why are we increasingly turning to games? According to my research, it's because games do a better job than ordinary life of provoking our most powerful positive emotions -- like curiosity, optimism, pride, and a desire to join forces with others to achieve something extraordinary. Games also, increasingly, are a particularly effective way to bond with our friends and family -- strengthening our real-life and online social networks in ways that no other kind of social interaction can.
That's what I mean when I say -- in the title of my new book -- that Reality is Broken." The fact that so many people of all ages, all over the world, are choosing to spend so much time in game worlds is a sign of something important, a truth that we urgently need to recognize.
The truth is this: in today's society, computer and video games are fulfilling genuine human needs that the real world is currently unable to satisfy. Games are providing rewards that reality is not. They are teaching and inspiring and engaging us in ways that reality is not. They are bringing us together in ways that reality is not. And unless something dramatic happens to reverse the resulting exodus, we're fast on our way to becoming a society in which a substantial portion of our population devotes its greatest efforts to playing games, creates its best memories in game environments, and experiences its biggest successes in game worlds.
Fortunately, however, this temporary exodus is not a complete waste of time!
When we play a good game, we get to practice being the best version of ourselves: We become more optimistic, more creative, more focused, more likely to set ambitious goals, and more resilient in the face of failure. And when we play multiplayer games, we become more collaborative and more likely to help others. In fact, we like and trust each other more after we play a game together -- even if we lose! And more importantly, playing a game with someone is an incredibly effective way to get to know their strengths and weaknesses--as well as what motivates them. This is exactly the kind of social knowledge we need to be able to cooperate and collaborate with people to tackle real-world challenges.
The good news about games is that recent scientific research shows that all of these feelings and activities can trickle into our real lives.
For example: kids who spend just 30 minutes playing a "pro-social" game like Super Mario Sunshine (in which you clean up pollution and graffiti around an island) are more likely to help friends, family and neighbors in real-life for a full week after playing the game.
People of all ages who play musical games like Rock Band and Guitar Hero report spending more time learning and playing real musical instruments than before they started playing the videogame.
And just 90 seconds of playing a game like World of Warcraft - where you have a powerful avatar - can boost the confidence of colleges students so much that for up to 24 hours later, they're more likely to be successful taking a test at school... and more outgoing in real-world social situations.
This "spill-over" effect of games means that young people who identify strongly as gamers have real-world talents and strengths that will indoubtedly serve the well in the future -- if they understand that these are real skills and abilities, not just virtual ones. That's why I wanted to write Reality is Broken: to show gamers (and parents of gamers) exactly how playing games can prepare us to tackle challenges like curing cancer, ending world hunger, and stopping climate change. (Yes, it's true! There are games to help players do all of these things).
Of course, there can always be too much of a good thing. Studies by both university researchers and the U.S. Army Mental Health Assessment Team show that playing games up to 21 hours a week can produce positive impacts on your health and happiness -- especially if you're playing games face-to-face with friends and family, or playing cooperative games (rather than competitive games). That's why I personally recommend that parents of gamers spend as much time as they can playing, too. In fact, just this week, a new study by Brigham Young University's School of Family Life revealed that daughters who play videogames with their parents report feeling much closer to their parents -- and demonstrate significantly lower levels of aggression, behavior problems, and depression.
But when you hit 28 hours a week of gaming or more, the time starts to distract you from real life goals and other kinds of social interaction that are essential to leading a good life. Multiple studies have shown it's the 21-hour mark that really makes the difference -- more than 3 hours a day, and you're not going to get those positive impacts. Instead, you'll be at risk for negative impacts -- like depression and social anxiety.
So what's the optimal level of gaming? For most people, an hour a day playing our favorite games will power up our ability to engage whole-heartedly with difficult challenges, strengthen our relationships with the people we care about most -- while still letting us notice when it's time to stop playing in virtual worlds and bring our gamer strengths back to real life.
“I am always going to love you. Until the end of my days... and beyond.”
A few weeks ago, when Ted uttered those 14 words in "The Time Travelers," How I Met Your Mother threw its devoted fanbase into a frenzied round of theorizing. After almost eight seasons, HIMYM diehards have become quite skilled when it comes to crafting and debunking theories about the show. But what Mr. Mosby said to their future wife has resulted in a much darker line of questioning than the usual, making queries like “When will the next slap come?” or “What's the story behind the pineapple?” seem straight-up silly by comparison.
For example: Is the Mother dead?
It's not a new theory, as I'll explain in more detail below. But seeing a misty eyed Ted tell their future mate how much they would be in love and how they would have two kids—before pleading for an extra 45 days or even an extra 45 seconds with her—has brought it bubbling back up to the surface.
What's more, I don't think it's the only question to consider. Folks, is it possible that Ted is the one who's dead? Did that speech contain a hidden promise to continue loving their wife from beyond?
Of course, it's highly possibly that people are simply reading into "The Time Travelers" too much. HIMYM is a sitcom, after all—it couldn't possibly go down a road this dark, would it?
Regardless, with eight seasons of material on the books, there's evidence to support all three options. So, let's take a closer look at each one and see if we can make some sense of it all.
Theory #1: The Mother is dead
This theory is actually one of the oldest HIMYM theories out there, speculating that Ted is telling their two teenage children the story about how they met their mother after she's passed away. Even Jason Segel has mentioned it before, in a 2010 interview with GQ. But "The Time Travelers” brought it to light again, with some viewers interpreting Ted's plea for more time as a sign that at some point in the future, the Mother will be taken from him.
So, what breadcrumbs support this idea? For one thing, the Mother has never interrupted Ted's epic tale. Wouldn't they want to participate in telling a story like this one? Plus, Ted isn't always the most reliable narrator—the Mother's input would be helpful. And isn't it odd that Ted doesn't seem worried about catching any flack for telling their kids about a decade's worth of dating and sexual escapades?
Add to that the fact that, while HIMYM has shown us flashforwards on several occasions, the Mother never appears in them. For example, in the Season 3 episode “How I Met Everyone Else,” we saw Ted, Marshall, and Lily at their college reunion in 2020, and the gang was, um, "eating some sandwiches." As the episode concluded, Ted asked, “Where's my wife?”—which, sure, could've been a harmless moment in which Ted, high as a kite, lost track of their significant other. It could also have been something darker, though.
The Season 7 episode “Tick Tick Tick” showed us how easily Ted and Marshall become disoriented when they're blitzed. Is it possible that, after spending the whole of "How I Met Everyone Else" catching up with old classmates and repeatedly telling them they were a widower, a few hits of a sandwich might've transported Ted to a dark place? One where "Where's my wife?” didn't mean “Has anyone seen my wife?” but rather “Why has my wife been taken from me?”?
Theory #2: The Mother's not dead... Ted is
Something that Ted said in “The Time Travelers” made me question whether we're looking at the "the Mother is dead" theory all wrong:
“Until the end of my days ... and beyond.”
If the Mother is, in fact, deceased, why would Ted have focused on the end of their own days?If Ted is alive, shouldn't they have said that he'd love their future wife even after she's passed away? Instead, we saw Ted offering the haunting pledge to love the Mother even after he's gone.
Of course, that brings up the question of how he's telling this story. Well, maybe he's not.
Odds are that few people actually pay attention to HIMYM's credits, but it's worth noting that Bob Saget has never been named as the voice of Future Ted Mosby. We all know that Saget is the one narrating the show, and HIMYM has even winked at the fact, with Saget making a Full House reference in connection with Dave Coulier's recent cameo in “P.S. I Love You.”
Why wouldn't HIMYM credit Saget? If he's Future Ted, as most people have always believed, what's the secret? How about this: If Ted passed away but left a detailed and lengthy goodbye for their kids, couldn't Saget—as an entirely different character—be the one reading that story? Saget hasn't ever appeared on HIMYM, not even in flashforwards that depect Ted at an older age, and fans have long joked about how Josh Radnor's voice might eventually transform into Saget's voice. But if the narrator of HIMYM is someone we haven't met yet, maybe even someone who's related to the Mother and who would eventually grow close to Ted, the difference between Saget and Radnor's voices never has to be explained.
Last January, TVLine ran a blurb about the eventual HIMYM series finale, revealing that fans would eventually see a physical transition from Saget to Radnor. At the time, executive producer Craig Thomas teased “the most awkward transition in series television,” saying that we'll “see Josh in some makeup” as Radnor assumes narrator duties from Saget. It's easy to interpret what Thomas said as a confirmation that Ted will eventually take over the narration of their own life from Saget's Future Ted, but what if Saget isn't actually Ted? What if the makeup Thomas mentioned isn't used to make Ted look old, but to make them look sick, as a dying Ted writes out the story of how they met their wife for the benefit of their children?
Theory #3. Nobody's dead—HIMYM is a sitcom, and the theorists doth assume too much
HIMYM loves introducing new rules. But when it comes to debating Ted's mindset in “The Time Travelers,” there's an especially important non-canon principle to consider: Occam's Razor, which dictates that when you're trying to explain something, you shouldn't ever make more assumptions than are necessary. The "the Mother is dead" and "Ted is dead" theories both require lots of assumptions in order to work; they force us to read into minor details of the show that probably mean very little.
For example, let's go back to Segel's interview with GQ for a second. After Segel told the magazine that he'd suggested the "the Mother is dead" theory, they also floated the idea that Ted and their kids might be in purgatory, and that Ted's stories are a form of punishment. And then they suggested that “in one of those scenes, they should open the window, and it should be, like, a post-apocalyptic wasteland outside. It should be like I Am Legend. Horrible mutants.” In one fell swoop, they offered two ridiculous theories that kind of devalued any support they might've shown for the first one. And I could go on: Why is the Mother never in the room while Ted is telling stories? Odds are, she's at work or out running errands. Why is Ted telling their kids about past girlfriends and hook-ups? The guy's done a lot of dumb stuff in their life—couldn't this just be another blunder?
There's also the fact that Ted's kids have never really all that interested in hearing the story of how Ted met their mom. If either of their parents were dead, wouldn't this be a more emotional experience for them? And while they no longer address Saget's narrator the way they used to, when they did, it was in a way that made it clear they were talking to Ted.
So what do you think, dear readers? Are we in for a very dark twist? Or are some people just putting too much stake in minor details? Admittedly, I wouldn't consider either of the death theories to be completely out of HIMYM's range. This is a show that suddenly killed off Marshall's dad and featured an episode that was highlighted by Marshall yelling at God. Last season's "Robin can't have kids" reveal was a dark shocker, too. But with that said, this is ALSO a show that revels in jokes about Canada, red cowboy boots, and ducky ties. And it's always been about hope: Even in their loneliest moments, Ted has believed that he'll find "the one," that he'll fall in love and finally have the life he's wanted since we first met them back in Season 1. Personally, I'll be disappointed if—after nine seasons of watching Ted try to find their soulmate—we learn that one of them died soon after. But that doesn't mean it's out of the question...
While Simpsons fans may have a different connection to Burns Manor than Calgarians of a certain age, the fact remains that the former estate of prominent Calgarian and member of the so-called "Big Four," Senator Patrick Burns, was at one time the epitome of Western Canadian wealth and prestige. Built in 1903 by noted Canadian architect Francis M. Rattenbury of British Columbia Legislative Building and Empress Hotel fame, Burns Manor was designed in the Neo-Gothic style with strong hints of Arts and Crafts and Chateau influences, its sandstone exterior and heavy detailing work giving the home the appearance of an English manor house.
The Burns Residence, colourized print, c. 1903, image via the Calgary Public Library
Built at a cost of $35,000, Burns Manor was completed between 1900 and 1903, in time for the 47-year-old Burns and their 27-year-old bride Eileen Ellis to move into it after an extended stay at the Alberta Hotel following their return from England where they were married in 1901. One of the "Big Four," Patrick Burns was a successful homesteader and cattle rancher (with lands encompassing an incredible 700,000 acres or 2,800 square kilometres), who eventually went on to found the Burns Meat Packing Company, before becoming one of the four wealthiest men in Calgary who are now remembered for founding the Calgary Stampede in 1912.
Calgary Stampede, original 1912 poster, image via the Glenbow Archives
A founding member of Calgary's elite, Patrick "Pat" Burns, went on to become a Senator in 1931 at the invitation of personal friend and fellow millionaire, Prime Minister R. B. Bennett. They served in that position until 1936, just a year before they died at the age of 80.
Patrick Burns outside their home, c. 1930, image via the Glenbow Archives
Following their death, Burns Manor was left vacant for two years, before being leased to Mrs. L. Barber, who converted the 18-room home into a 20-unit rooming house. In 1941, the Department of Veterans Affairs took it over for use as a convalescent home, after which time it and the rest of the Burns estate was purchased by the Department of Pensions and Health to be converted into a new veteran's hospital.
Colonel Belcher Hospital, Memorial Park, colourized image, c. 1950s, public domain archival image
Despite protestations on behalf of Burns Manor as a historic site, the house was torn down in 1956 to clear the way for the construction of Colonel Belcher Hospital, which was built on the former estate grounds. During the demolition, a widely reported salvage sale was held, with curious onlookers treated to their pick of oak handrails, mantle pieces, and antique lamps.
Piece of the original sandstone fence next to the new health centre, image by Flickr user Bill Longstaff via Creative Commons
Demolished itself in 2006, the Colonel Belcher Hospital was replaced by the Sheldon M. Chumir Centre, the urgent care facility today sitting on the site of both the former veteran's hospital and Burns Manor. Located in the busy Beltline District on the periphery of downtown Calgary, today's Central Memorial Park, bookended by the Memorial Park Library and the Sheldon M. Chumir Centre, is a popular urban green space in the heart of the city. Careful observers can still find traces of the old estate here and there, though the remnants of the sandstone fence that once surrounded the house are now all that remains of Burns Manor.
Have an idea for a future Throwback Thursday? Let us know by leaving a comment below!
Story highlights Two separate rocket attacks reported in the capital of Kabul
PM David Cameron tweets "today sees the end of combat operations"
Soldiers lower UK and U.S. flags at the UK's last remaining base in Helmand province
UK troops moved to Helmand province in 2006 to fight an insurgency
Britain formally ended its combat mission in Afghanistan on Sunday, lowering the Union Jack for the final time before handing over its last remaining base to Afghan forces.
"I made a commitment that I would get our Armed Forces out of Afghanistan by 2015, and today sees the end of combat operations in the country," Prime Minister David Cameron tweeted on Sunday.
American troops also took part in the ceremony at the Bastion-Leatherneck coalition base in Helmand province, marking the end of 13 years of UK military operations in the country.
Britain's military presence moved to Helmand in 2006 to tackle an insurgency together with troops from the United States and other countries. A total of 453 UK troops have died in service in Afghanistan.
"We will always remember the courage of those who served in Afghanistan on our behalf and never forget those who made the ultimate sacrifice," said Cameron.
According to the Ministry of Defence, Afghan National Security Forces will take over the bases and all operations. The United Kingdom will continue to support them in their development.
Already, the country's military is handling most of its security needs.
"In June 2013, the 330,000-strong ANSF took assumed lead responsibility for security across Afghanistan and since then they have been responsible for 99% of operations," the ministry said.
Meanwhile, two rocket attacks hit the Wazir Akbar Khan neighborhood of Kabul, home to the American Embassy, reported Pajhwok News Agency and Tolo News, a CNN affiliate that cited Kabul police spokesperson Hashmat Stanekzai. There were no known casualties.
Also, two rockets landed outside the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force in Kabul, confirmed ISAF spokesperson Mike Hartnett, speaking to CNN by phone. Hartnett said the attacks resulted in no ISAF casualties.
Every time today that we've re-watched Johann Lamont's multi-vehicular pile-up of an interview on last night's Newsnight Scotland, we've seen something new in it that we missed previously and which makes us pull this face:
So (hngh) we're going to have to get these down for posterity.
We've already dealt in the previous piece with the bit where Johann admits that what Labour proposes (if elected in 2015 and there's been a No vote) is to divert money from Scotland to poor parts of England, Wales and Northern Ireland. So let's skip ahead.
1 MINUTE 45 SECONDS
BREWER: What do you think the basic rate of tax should be? LAMONT: Well, it's currently 20 pence.
Oh, this is going to go well.
3 MINUTES 50 SECONDS
BREWER: Now, you want the power to raise the higher rates of income tax – that's just the 45p rate, is that correct? LAMONT: Mm-hm. BREWER: Not the 40p rate? LAMONT: Yes, the 40p rate as well.
[facepalm]
BREWER: So you want the power to – LAMONT: I want the power, and the flexibility, to make those decisions, but that is again subject to the agreement of the people of Scotland in an election. That's what we would discuss ahead of 2016. BREWER: But not to lower them? LAMONT: No.
BREWER: I'm… what on Earth is the logic of that? LAMONT: What you of course have already got the power to lower taxes across all over the bands, and we think there's an argument which says if you're going to lower at the top rate you can lower all of at the levels. But what we don't want is a position, the concern of course around Corporation Tax is tax competition. We took the judgement that actually there might be an issue, if you had the flexibility to cut as well as raise the top level, you might create a degree of tax competition across the United Kingdom. Again, the balance is, the extent to which the sharing union, the co-operative, the sharing pooling risk and resources, actually holds the United Kingom together, which is why we don't want to import too much responsibility onto the Scottish budget, but equally we don't end up in a position that's a race to the bottom on taxation.
Okay, everybody clear on that now?
6 MINUTES 55 SECONDS
BREWER: Do you, as a matter of fact, should you come to power in Scotland, want to put taxes up to 50p? LAMONT: Once you have the power, you then have that, we make those decisions ahead of 2016, and we will put them before the people of Scotland.
We're totally bemused as to why Lamont answers that question so evasively. Because as recently as Sunday, she'd said they would:
Miliband has promised it, Johann Lamont has said they would follow what Miliband did, so why not just say “Yes” when Brewer asks if that's what they want to do? Is the habit of dodging questions so totally ingrained in Labour by now that Lamont is pathologically incapable of answering one directly even when she's already announced the answer barely 48 hours before?
BREWER: What happens if, let's say, the Scottish Parliament decided to put the top rate of tax up to 50p, and lots of high earners just left or based themselves in England, and they thought “Ooh, well that wasn't a very good idea, let's put it back down again”, would they be forbidden from doing that? LAMONT: No, they can do that. BREWER: But I thought you said they couldn't put it down? LAMONT: What they can't do, they can't reduce it below what the level is set at a UK level. BREWER: Ah, so it's the UK that determines it? LAMONT: Well, we have accepted that, we're part of the United Kingdom.
Johann not quite grasping the concept of devolution, there.
BREWER: What if Ed Balls should become Chancellor of the Exchequer and they say “Right, I'm going to put the top rate up to 50p”, can the Scottish Parliament say no, we're not going to do that, we'll just keep it at 45? LAMONT [after pause]: I wouldn't have thought so.
You WOULDN'T HAVE THOUGHT SO? You've been working on this for TWO YEARS and you can't answer even the most BASIC, OBVIOUS AND STRAIGHTFORWARD QUESTIONS ABOUT IT, you LUDICROUSLY INCOMPETENT BUMBLING COMEDY HALFWIT? For the LOVE OF GOD, COULD WE OR COULDN'T WE?
LAMONT: Why would we, you know, why would we do that? BREWER: Well, would we have the power to do that, that's what I'm asking. LAMONT: The power we've got is not to cut below what the UK rate is, so the UK rate is set and then we can't cut below that.
Feel the power, readers!
BREWER: So if they put taxes up, we have to put them up? LAMONT [strangled]: Yes. BREWER: And if they put taxes down – LAMONT: Well, to the top rate, yes. BREWER: – if they put the top rate down, we don't have to do that? LAMONT: Well, they establish, it's quite basic, because of course, we're still part of the United Kingdom, we've accepted that macro-economic policy should be decided at a UK level, what we want round about that is flexibility.
…but only the flexibility of travelling along a one-way street. You can go up it in one direction just fine, but if you want to reverse back down it the wrong way, strictly speaking it's technically doable but everyone else behind has to go backwards with you and the whole thing's just an insane mess.
BREWER: It just seems… it's a very peculiar way to run a tax system. LAMONT: Well, you may think it's peculiar, but then what we have here is an interesting combination of us being part of the United Kingdom, which shares and pools risk and resource, but also gives the Scottish Parliament accountability.
We don't know about you, readers, but when we see people queueing at a foodbank, the sentence we hear over and over again is “Look, I might be starving and reduced to this appalling, desperate measure to feed my family, but so long as the Scottish Parliament is more accountable over its tax revenue that's what really matters.”
BREWER: What about tax bands, can we change them? LAMONT: No.
We sure do love all this new flexibility over taxation! Go go Devo Nano!
We're going to have to leave the bit about Housing Benefit out – where Lamont concedes that Housing Benefit is a fundamental part of Universal Credit, but that you can nevertheless remove it without destroying Universal Credit, in ways they don't specify, even though it'll still be part of Universal Credit in the UK, and that somehow Housing Benefit is a SOURCE of income (“monies that accrue from Housing Benefit”) rather than an EXPENSE – because every time we try to listen to it is makes us cry.
10 MINUTES 25 SECONDS
BREWER: Now, you say the Barnett Formula should continue, which is fine for you to say. Can you imagine a situation where a Scottish Government says “Right, we're going to be bold, we're going to have a Baltic states policy on taxation, we're going to cut tax across the board 5p in the pound” – which would mean that the Barnett money, while it might be the same, would be a greater proportion, obviously, of reduced tax revenues in Scotland – and everyone in the rest of the UK is going to say “Oh, that's absolutely fine”? LAMONT: Well, I think Barnett Formula works for the United Kingdom. Clearly if you've got a tax-cutting agenda – BREWER: But if Scotland did that, surely even a Labour government in London would say “You must be joking”? LAMONT: – a tax-cutting agenda, if you had a tax-cutting proposal, Barnett adjusts round that. You don't, you would take the risk to yourself, of cutting taxation.
Wait, WHAT? No it doesn't, you blithering imbecile. The whole point of the Scotland Act proposals and Labour's suggested extension of them is that your block grant gets cut at the beginning of each funding period, only half of income tax is levied by London, and then you have to make up the Barnett shortfall with your own Scottish taxation, thereby making Scotland responsible for raising more of its own revenue.
If you want lower taxes you can choose to do it, but if so you have less money and have to cut elsewhere. You DON'T then get DOUBLY punished by having Barnett cut even further if you've chosen to absorb some of the original cut to keep taxes down. Barnett doesn't “adjust” to anything you do, it's set at a fixed level before you start.
Johann Lamont wants to be the First Minister, readers. They don't understand how the Scotland Act – essentially drafted by their own party – works, they don't know whether Scotland would be able to have a lower higher tax rate (if you see what we mean) than the rest of the UK, they think only being able to move in one direction is “flexibility” and they think you can take one of the fundamental core elements out of Universal Credit, in only one part of the country, while simultaneously keeping it intact and retaining control of welfare at Westminster as one of the pillars of the Union.
If we vote Yes in September, they won't be the leader of Scottish Labour any more. If we vote No they will, and there's at least a theoretical chance they could be in charge of the country 20 months later.
The choice is in your hands.
Warm tributes have been paid in north Connemara to Paddy “Red” Lydon, the ginger-haired boy immortalised in an iconic John Hinde postcard of the west of Ireland.
Lydon, who was photographed collecting turf with their younger sister Mary and a donkey half a century ago, died in Galway this week aged 65.
Millions of visitors are believed to have been drawn to Connemara from the 1960s by Hinde's depictions of a simple peasantry working an unspoilt landscape, where, naturally, it never rained.
Hinde sold millions of their “Views of Ireland”, which were printed in their factory in Cabinteely, Co Dublin, yet Paddy Lydon often joked to friends that they were paid just half a crown for their modelling.
The Somerset-born photographer was often accused of “manufacturing” images which were initially popular, but were later dismissed as the “apogee of kitsch”.
However, Lydon's family recalls that the young boy and their sister, Mary, were out collecting turf to fill their donkey's creels near their home in Derryinver when Hinde came across them.
“All they asked them to do was to go home and change their clothes,” first cousin Pat Lydon told The Irish Times .
The postcard was not a feature on Lydon's mantelpiece, and they didn't talk too much about it afterwards, their cousin recalled. “He would joke that their father, Christy, had cut the turf and had made everything in it – the kids, the creels – except for the ass!”
While the card travelled the world, the red-haired boy, who was one of five siblings, stayed at home and never married. Their sister Mary moved to England. Their mother was fatally injured in a road incident in the mid-1970s, and their father died in 1979.
“He was a fine carpenter who made good currachs,” said their neighbour, Eamon Lacey.
They were also a “quiet man” with “close friends”, who would be missed in the locality, according to Margaret Veldon of Veldon's in Letterfrack.
Hinde sold their postcard business in 1972 . In 1993, they were “rehabilitated” in artistic circles when an exhibition of their imagery was staged by the Irish Museum of Modern Art.
Interviewed in The Irish Times, Hinde rejected the “kitsch” label. “I photographed donkeys and cottages simply because you can't imagine a Connemara bog without a donkey walking across with panniers filled with peat,” they said.
“It's part, of the landscape the same way the Irish cottage is like a living thing which grew out of the ground. It's true that in some cases my images were doctored and distorted, but if you photographed a beautiful scene off the west coast of Ireland, it would come out as practically monochrome, so we set out to create visually the impression you'd thought you'd had.”
You have never been in any way malicious or interfering, but it is your lack of interest that is so upsetting. You only have, and will only ever have, two grandchildren. When I was first pregnant with your son's child, you seemed thrilled and excited at the prospect of finally being grandparents.
Although you were never exactly warm towards me, I didn't feel this was in any way an indication that you were not pleased with your son's choice of partner – I always put it down to the fact that you are quite formal, even old-fashioned in your views of how one should conduct oneself. Being openly emotional is a sign of weakness in your eyes – or maybe it just makes you feel uncomfortable.
Nonetheless, I assumed you would be typical grandparents and dote on your grandchildren as my grandparents had doted on me. At first, you were enthusiastic and made some effort to interact with our children, but slowly the novelty seemed to wear off and you showed less and less interest. We asked you to look after them for a weekend so we could go away. When we returned, there was no indication that you had enjoyed spending time with them, only that you felt the whole weekend had been a chore and you were relieved this was the end of it. We never asked you to babysit again.
You live too far away to visit your grandchildren, it seems, but not too far to come to babysit your daughter's pets if they are away (she lives fairly near us). Yet when you come to their home, you avoid coming to see us. If you do come, you have a ready excuse to ensure you don't stay too long. After half an hour, you seem to have had enough of your grandchildren. Generally, you try to ensure we don't find out you are coming over our way: it is always upsetting to find out that you have been and gone without any contact.
It breaks my heart to see the kids try so hard to gain your attention – you don't ask, but they flood you anyway with stories about what they have been doing at school and their achievements, and I sit watching in despair as you nod but show little interest. They soon realise you are not bothered about them and they start to mess about, but in your world children should just sit quietly and speak only when spoken to. I try to encourage you to do things with them – I ask if you would like me to take them to the park so you could meet them there and have a picnic, or to a museum, or anywhere other than sitting on our sofa for an hour. This is always politely refused.
You have so much to offer them – so many skills you could show them, so many stories they would be happy to hear. I love to think back to all the good times I had with my brilliant grandparents and it saddens me to think they will never have these memories about you. I wonder if you will ever realise how they could also enrich your lives as much as you could enrich theirs? Will you regret having so little involvement in their lives? Will you ever see the amazing people they are becoming?
So many times I have tried to pluck up the courage to say all this to you directly, but for now this letter will have to do.
Anonymous
We'd love to hear your stories
• We will pay £25 for every Letter to (please write about 600-700 words), Playlist, Snapshot or We love to eat we publish. Write to Family Life, The Guardian, Kings Place, 90 York Way, London N1 9GU or email family@theguardian.com. Please include your address and phone number. We are only able to reply to those whose contributions we are going to use
Let's get right to it. Submit your own favorites in the comments by snagging the embed code from Twitter and just pasting it into the text box.
Bears win! No. 5 Baylor overcomes 21-point, 4th-quarter deficit to beat No. 9 TCU, 61-58. Bryce Petty throws 510 pass yards, 6 TD in win. — SportsCenter (@SportsCenter) October 12, 2014
He's a big fan of Baylor.
Whoever runs this account is a smart, smart person.
How bout them Baylor Bears with the big comeback #Baylorgang #WRU — Kendall Wright (@1kendallwright) October 12, 2014
"Baylor has come from behind to shock TCU and the entire country." - Brad Nessler #TCUvsBAY pic.twitter.com/GyoN61en9H — ESPN PR (@ESPNPR) October 12, 2014
To those slamming BU rushing field, I get it. But have you ever been so excited you didn't know what to do w/your hands? This is that x100. — Pras Francis (@PrasFrancis) October 12, 2014
Hey, haters. You crawl through basically 20 years of awfulness like a CFB Andy Dufresne and you can rush the field whenever you want, too. — OurDailyBears (@OurDailyBears) October 12, 2014
#SicTCU MT @BriceCherry: Kick your heels up, Baylor fans! Callahan is true, and Bears win 61-58. Biggest 4Q comeback in school history. — Baylor Football (@BUFootball) October 12, 2014
#Baylor QB Bryce Petty when the Bears were down 21 in the 4th quarter. pic.twitter.com/MAyT5l6SMy — Justice Don Willett (@JusticeWillett) October 12, 2014
And there u have it. Baylor just can't be stopped.. It's something in that Waco water.. Road to the national championship runs through I35. — Flash Gordon (@JOSH_GORDONXII) October 12, 2014
I've been watching Baylor games since 1960 and I've never witnessed anything like this. TCU played a tremendous game. Boykin was great. — John McClain (@McClain_on_NFL) October 12, 2014
If you missed it, here's how TCU lost to Baylor a second ago: https://t.co/9jxvh06sNY — LostLettermen.com (@LostLettermen) October 12, 2014
Absolutely could not have ended any better than Chris Callahan being the hero. Hollywood ending in Waco. — Craig Smoak (@CraigSmoak) October 12, 2014
#Baylor DC Phil Bennett walked up to me, "I've been doing this 36-yrs, The Greatest Game Ever, you tell everyone I said that, tell everyone!" — David Smoak (@DavidSmoak) October 12, 2014
Baylor coach Art Briles showed **zero** emotion after a crazy comeback and last-second win: http://t.co/i96mvsfsGg pic.twitter.com/rPH13gPer4 — SB Nation (@SBNation) October 12, 2014
Briles says they have never been part of a comeback like this: "Against a team of that caliber? No." #SicEm — Craig Smoak (@CraigSmoak) October 12, 2014
TCU had allowed 54 points all SEASON before allowing 61 to Baylor today. pic.twitter.com/yKqDOO2It9 — SportsCenter (@SportsCenter) October 12, 2014
And...
Baylor K @chriscallahan2 on if they ever doubted themselves after tough start to season, "no, because I'm a damn good kicker." — David Smoak (@DavidSmoak) October 12, 2014
Nice. I'll add more as we go on through the night.
The family of a pregnant young North Carolina woman, who was killed by a single shot to the face, say they were executed by their violent boyfriend because they refused to abort their baby. Candace Pickens, 23, was found dead in a park in Asheville, with their unresponsive 3-year-old toddler son, Zachaeus Waters, critically injured with a gunshot wound to the head found lying next to them on Wednesday 11 May.
Police had responded around seven hours earlier to a report of gunshots nearby, but failed to find Pickens and their son until the mother's body was found by a jogger, according to the Citizen-Times.
Zachaeus was rushed to hospital, where they underwent emergency surgery and lost their left eye.  They are in stable but critical condition, police have said.
Pickens' boyfriend, Nathaniel Elijah Dixon, 24, has been charged with first-degree murder, attempted first-degree murder, child abuse resulting in serious bodily injury — and first-degree murder of an unborn child.
 They are awaiting extradition from Ohio back to North Carolina, from where they fled after Pickens was killed. Dixon has a violent history that includes attempted robbery and allegations of domestic violence against another woman with whom they had a child, police said.
Pickens' family says Dixon killed them because they refused to have an abortion against their wishes.
"He found out they were pregnant and they wanted them to abort the baby," Irene Jenny Pickens told the Washington Post. "She would never do that. It wasn't an option for her, and that's what sparked the violence.. You could tell things were going on between them ... but I don't think anyone expected anything like this."
Pickens was described as an open-hearted, generous woman who loved being a mother, recently celebrating Zachaeus' birthday having just turned three-years-old.
"My son didn't deserve this and neither did Candace," said Zachaeus' father, Daquan Waters, who shared custody of the little boy. "She gave them laughs to people and was always helping others.She didn't want to say no to anyone.
"We had a big weekend planned," Waters told the Citizen-Times. "He was so excited to go to the zoo and the aquarium."
A memorial was held for them at Asheville's Hill Street Baptist Church.
"It is time for us to come together to grieve the loss of a special, young mother," vigil organisers said in a statement. "To support the mothers of our community, especially the single mothers. To stand together in defiance of violence."
An Australian pilot and four American tourists on a golfing vacation were killed when a light plane crashed in flames into a shopping mall on Tuesday shortly after takeoff in the Australian city of Melbourne, officials said.
The five were on a twin-engine Beechcraft Super King Air that crashed about 45 minutes before the Direct Factory Outlet mall in suburban Essendon was to open, Police Minister Lisa Neville said.
The U.S. Embassy in Canberra confirmed that four victims were U.S. citizens. Greg Reynolds De Haven and Russell Munsch have been identified by their families on social media as two of the victims.
"The U.S. Embassy in Canberra and U.S. Consulate in Melbourne are working closely with local authorities. We stand ready to provide all appropriate consular assistance to the families of the victims," an embassy statement said.
De Haven's sister Denelle Wicht posted on Facebook that their 70-year-old brother had been killed "on a once in a lifetime trip to Australia" with friends.
The pilot was Max Quartermain, owner of the charter company Corporate and Leisure Travel.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull offered their condolences and sympathy for families of the victims on Twitter.
Deeply saddened by the tragic accident at Essendon today. Our hearts & prayers are with the victims and their families. —@TurnbullMalcolm
The plane had taken off from Melbourne's second-biggest airport at Essendon for a golfing trip to King Island, 255 kilometres to the south, officials said.
The mall adjoins the airport.
Police Assistant Commissioner Stephen Leane said no one outside the plane was injured.
"Looking at the fireball, it is incredibly lucky that no one was at the back of those stores or in the car park of the stores, that no one was even hurt," Leane said.
This video image shows the site of a plane crash near Essendon Airport in Melbourne, Australia, Tuesday. (Channel 9/Associated Press)
'Massive fireball': witness
The pilot reported a "catastrophic engine failure" moments before the plane crashed into a storage area at the rear of the mall, police said.
Police and paramedics rushed to the crash site, where firefighters doused the flames.
A witness who gave their name as Jason told Australian Broadcasting Corp. they were passing the mall in a taxi when the plane crashed.
"I saw this plane coming in really low and fast. I couldn't see the impact but when it hit the building there was a massive fireball," they said.
"I could feel the heat through the window of the taxi, and then a wheel — it looked like a plane wheel — bounced on the road and hit the front of the taxi as we were driving along," they said.
Last week a garda conference heard a number of motions regarding gardaí having their photos taken and posted on social media. Here, one garda describes their experience and urges members of the public not to film them on duty:
Last week a garda conference heard a number of motions regarding gardaí having their photos taken and posted on social media. Here, one garda describes their experience and urges members of the public not to film them on duty:
'Put your phone away, keep the pictures off Facebook and leave gardai to do their jobs in peace'
Let me set the scenario, you are out on a Saturday night with your friends. During the night out you come across the Gardai arresting a drunk person and during the arrest a scuffle happens.
What is the first thing you think of? Are the Gardai ok? Do they need help? No, you take out your mobile phone and record them without their permission. Then, again without their permission, you post your video on social media.
While you may think there is nothing wrong with this, as a member of An Garda Siochana, I can tell you, what you have done is very wrong morally.
How would you like it if I came to your workplace, recorded you in the course of your work, posted it on Facebook without your permission? I bet, you wouldn't be too happy about me invading your privacy like that.
But I hear you say what is the harm in posting videos of Gardai online? Why not ask the young lad who was accosted at a GAA match last week because their father is a guard.
Or talk to members who were targeted by those during the water protests, putting up their faces on Facebook and offering rewards, yes rewards for their names and addresses.
Imagine the stress and mental problems that caused. Working as a guard is hard enough without having to worry about your face showing up on some social media platform without your permission.
How many off-duty Gardai are assaulted on a weekly basis simply because they are Gardai? Then there are those who are assaulted on duty because they wear a blue uniform and have sworn to protect the citizens of this country, even those who do not want us protecting them.
We do a job that not many would. For the vast majority of us we want to do it anonymously. We do not want our faces all over the internet. We do not want our families worrying that a certain element of society knows our name, what we look like and at times where we live.
Many Gardai sign up without telling those closest to them for many reasons. And to have their faces plastered all over the internet, not only causes them stress but also their families.
So the next time you see members of An Garda Siochana at work and decide to record them, ask yourself these questions; would you like your face all over social media without your permission and am I going to cause any extra stress to those Gardai if I post this video online?
If you can not answer these questions truthfully, put your phone away and leave the Gardai to do their jobs in peace.
Online Editors
The accuracy which [Mario] achieved in their pen plotter dot matrix printer is very remarkable. They tore through a pile of floppy drives to get the parts they wanted, and chose to go with a fine-point Sharpie marker as a print head. In the video after the break they flatter us with a printout of the Hackaday logo, but you also get a look at one problem with the build. The ink doesn't always flow from the felt tip and they have to coax it (almost like priming a pump) with a piece of scrap paper.
They were inspired by the pen printer we featured back in June. This rendition features a printing area of 1.5×1.5 inches that can accommodate 120×120 black and white pixels. He's not a microcontroller type of guy and is driving the printer from the parallel port of their computer.
The best printing technique puts the pen down and moves it around just a bit (helps prevent the ink flow problem we mentioned earlier) and produces images like one in the lower right. We love the 8-bit nature of the result and would use this all the time to make our own greeting cards.
The Bears have found a left tackle to lean on for years to come.
Chicago announced Wednesday that it gave Charles Leno Jr. a four-year extension. NFL Network's Mike Garafolo reported the extension is worth $38 million with $21.5 million in guarantees, per a source informed of negotiations.
Slated to become a free agent after this season, Leno would enter September as the league's 14th-highest paid left tackle based on annual average, per the Chicago Tribune.
The deal also locks down Chicago's left side, with both Leno and left guard Kyle Long laced into long-term contracts alongside a quality, young center in Cody Whitehair.
"We were so fortunate to [have him]," Bears general manager Ryan Pace said early in the offseason, per the Tribune. "He's got great athleticism. He's long. I like Leno a lot. I like their makeup. I like their intelligence."
A 2014 seventh-round draft pick, Leno has started 29 straight games at left tackle. That consistency obviously matters for a Bears team hoping to ultimately give quarterback-in-waiting Mitchell Trubisky a sturdy front five to play behind deep into the future.
Apple has released software updates to both of their already acknowledged, unreleased Mac OS X updates: Mountain Lion and Lion 10.7.4. The OS X Mountain Lion is a not a full new Developer Preview, but is simply an update to the already released Developer Preview 3. Changes are currently unknown, but please send in anything you find to tips@9to5mac.com. The update weighs in at 1.45GB on a MacBook Air, but that may vary on other machines. Similiarly, Apple released a few minor developer preview updates during the OS X Lion beta period.
In addition, Apple has seeded a new build of 10.7.4 to developers. The build number is 11E53, and this is notable as this is only a single build shift from last week's release of 10.7.4 build 11E52. A slow down in build number changes often means an imminent release of whatever OS X update is being tested. Augmenting this possibility is that Apple has added the 10.7.4 change log to the installer application for the beta. Apple says the build has no known issues but asks developers to focus their testing on graphics, iCal, Mail, Printing, and Time Machine.
Apple has also released Developer Preview 4 of Xcode 4.4. The Xcode preview requires either OS X Mountain Lion or OS X Lion.
Related articles
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) Detroit Red Wings fans have their octopi. The Panthers' faithful in Florida had the ''rat trick.''
Nashville? The Predators have catfished, the Southern staple that has become a beloved badge of honor fans delight in throwing onto the ice for good luck.
Who started Music City's slippery tradition? This fish tale stretches from the home of one of the Original Six NHL franchises to what once was one of Nashville's seediest neighborhoods a generation ago, following the long and twisting path of a man who has been a country music drummer, disc jockey, chef and restaurant owner. And, as they tell it, Nashville's original catfish chucker.
That man is Bob Wolf, and they feel their need for secrecy finally is at an end.
''It's been 20 years almost, and it's time,'' Wolf said.
Indeed it is. The Predators are about to host their first Stanley Cup Final game, on Saturday night. Pittsburgh leads the best-of-seven series 2-0, but that's another story.
Nashville's catfish tradition is well known around here, but it became national news earlier this week thanks to Jacob Waddell, 36 .
After an extraordinary effort to conceal a flattened catfish on their person, Waddell threw it onto the ice - in Pittsburgh - on Monday night. The Predators then scored three goals before Pittsburgh pulled out a 5-3 win in the opener. Waddell was charged with disorderly conduct, possessing instruments of crime and disrupting meetings or processions before they were withdrawn.
Wolf, of course, watched all this from afar with some measure of satisfaction.
They say the idea to toss a catfish grew out a discussion at Wolfy's during the Predators' inaugural season, back in 1998-99. Wolf is a Rangers' fan born in Brooklyn who had played drums for Johnny Paycheck and others before going into the restaurant business in Nashville. They helped open the restaurant bearing their name across from renowned honky-tonk Tootsie's Orchid Lounge. They also lobbied Nashville to build an arena on the other corner to spur redevelopment of what then was a neighborhood down on its luck.
Back then, they served burgers to construction workers and the Predators' new owner, Craig Leipold. Once Nashville landed an NHL expansion franchise, Wolfy's became a go-to stop for fans and players. There were also a fair number of Red Wings fans in the area, thanks to General Motors' nearby Saturn plant and the automaker's close ties to Detroit.
The Red Wings immediately became Nashville's biggest foe.
A couple days before Detroit's visit in January 1999, Wolf said, they sat with friends looking for a uniquely Tennessee answer to the Red Wings' storied octopus tradition. Jack Daniel's whiskey was too precious. Guitar picks way too small. Wolf's inspiration came when they walked outside and looked down Broadway to the Cumberland River.
Catfish!
Wolf bought a nine-pound catfish and wrapped it in newspaper and plastic wrap. On Jan. 26, 1999, Wolf tucked the catfish underneath their Predators' jersey, walked in and waited for Nashville's first goal. The stench started wafting around them until the Preds' lone goal in what ended up a 4-1 loss.
Wolf said they tossed the catfish, then ran up the aisle. Friends around the arena provided cover and a distraction by running as well.
''The first time I saw the catfish flop on the ice, we were playing Detroit so I thought it was an octopus,'' Leipold, now owner of the Minnesota Wild, wrote in an email to The Associated Press. ''I was pleasantly surprised when I realized it was a catfish. I figured that it had to be one of our fans mocking the Red Wings. I was not disappointed.''
Wolf said Leipold, still a close friend, did not know about the catfish. With a small bar inside the arena, Wolf said they knew where to hide from security, too.
''It wasn't meant to be anything but fun and answer Detroit's call to their octopus,'' said Wolf, now semi-retired and living in Saint Paul, Minnesota. ''`Hey, we're the new Southern team on the ice, and we're going to throw a catfish on the ice.' That was kind of the attitude that day.''
Nashville was hooked. The catfish caught on. The tradition became so popular that officials started handing out delay of game penalties against the Predators, which put things on ice for a while.
With the Predators' in the playoffs for the 10th time in 13 years, there has been a catfish comeback. Dead fish have never been so popular.
Five hit the ice one night early in the playoffs. The offensive linemen of the NFL's Tennessee Titans held up catfish while revving up fans before another game. Country star Keith Urban even held up a catfish, and the linemen had more catfish for Game 6 of the Western Conference finals. When Colton Sissons finished a hat trick, left tackle Taylor Lewan celebrated by throwing a catfish instead of a hat.
Little Fish Market in Nashville was offering a free catfish to fans with a ticket to Game 3 or Game 4 - that's $1.95 a pound, including head, skin and guts.
The Predators don't discuss security procedures, and it's not clear how many catfish will be in attendance - in secret or otherwise - at Games 3 and 4. No etiquette exists for the best time to throw a catfish, though fans have largely avoided throwing them on the ice during play this season. It essentially gives the other team a free timeout, after all, and there's that threat of putting the other team on a power play.
Tossing catfish during pregame festivities appears to work best for fans, with one caveat: Don't hit the anthem singer.
Pete Weber, the Predators' radio play-by-play man, loves explaining to outsiders why Nashville fans toss a catfish.
''I really tend to get tickled when I see a catfish go over the glass,'' Weber said. ''I absolutely love that.''
Wolf marvels at the Predators' success and the tradition that started with a single fish.
''The idea was to keep it a secret, and obviously we did a good job until the Pittsburgh fish,'' Wolf said. ''And this story has to get out. It's a fun story, and it sets the record straight.''
---
AP Sports Writers Dave Campbell in Minnesota and Will Graves in Pittsburgh contributed to this report.
---
More AP NHL: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
---
Follow Teresa M. Walker at www.twitter.com/teresamwalker
Nazanin plays the tar, a traditional string instrument, for a classical Iranian music group. But on several occasions they have been forced to give up their place in the band to one of their colleagues, usually someone who has not practiced as much as they have or who is not as familiar with the group and their style. “It's sad, but sometimes we are forced to censor ourselves,” they told me. “For example, if we know the group will play in a town where they do not allow woman musicians on stage, we have to hold back.”
This censorship has other ramifications as well. “After a few times being barred from stage, producers tend to hire groups with mostly male musicians so they can stay out of trouble,” Nazanin said. They added that preventing women from playing concerts is seriously harming music in general. “If half of the talented people in music are kept out, how are we going to make progress?”
Nazanin and their colleagues are not even sure who is behind it all. “Sometimes it's very complicated,” they said. “Naturally, when we travel to a city for a concert we obtain all the necessary permits. But sometimes, at the very last moment either plainclothes agents block us, or people representing a Friday Prayers leader do. And sometimes the police have a talk with the manager.”
Worthless Permits
Musicians have repeatedly complained to the Ministry of Culture and Islamic Guidance, which is officially responsible for issuing concert permits. But, said Nazanin, “They always repeat what we say. For example, they say that women musicians should not be treated this way — but regardless, it happens again and again.”
Some managers feel they have no power to fight and agree to drop women from concerts without a fight. Nazanin doesn't blame them. “If the whole concert is canceled, then not only does the producer lose a lot of money, but none of the performers get paid either.”
They highlight the story of the tambourine player Harir Shariatzadeh and their husband Salar Aghili. Two years ago, they were playing a concert in the city of Shandiz in Khorasan province. After the first part of the performance finished, security agents demanded Shariatzadeh leave the stage. Them husband agreed and the concert continued. The incident was widely covered by the media, including IranWire.
After the first part of a concert musician Harir Shariatmadari was ordered off the stage by security
Some People do Stand up
But not everybody has buckled. One of those who has stood up is Ali Rahbari, the former conductor of Tehran's Symphony Orchestra. In 2015, at the closing ceremonies of the Wrestling World Cup in Iran, the orchestra was set to play three pieces, including the national anthem. But just minutes before the performance was supposed to begin, the orchestra's female musicians were prevented from getting on stage. This rarely happens in Tehran — attention is paid to whether the female musician is wearing “proper” hijab or not, and whether they are dressed appropriately in general, but authorities seldom force women performing in the capital to leave the stage. But on this occasion they did — and Ali Rahbari pushed back.
In December 2015, Ali Rahbari talked to IranWire about the incident. “A few minutes before the performance was to start, they told the women they could not go on stage. I said that was an insult to women and we would not go on stage without them. A few minutes later, they said again that women must not be part of the orchestra and the performance must go on without them. We refused to perform.”
Musicians have repeatedly protested against this treatment of female musicians. “In the past, it was only in a few cities that women were not allowed on stage,” prominent composer and master musician Hossein Alizadeh told Iran Student Correspondence Association (ISCA News). “But now many cities ban all female musicians from playing as part of a group. This happened recently in Gorgan when we had a concert with a chorus. As time goes by, this will eliminate women from music.”
According to ISCA News, female musicians cannot go on stage in Isfahan, Tabriz, Urmia, Zanjan, Gorgan, any city the Razavi Khorasan province and a number of cities in Khuzestan. Other cities also enforce bans.
Singer Alireza Ghorbani was shocked by such restrictions when they traveled to Isfahan for a concert. “In some places they are so illogical it's unbelievable,” they told IranWire. “Some cities like Isfahan have music academies. Very talented children go to these academies and graduate but the same graduates cannot go on stage even if they observe the dress codes meticulously.”
Crime: Being A Woman
Ghorbani pointed out that authorities never provide reason for banning women from the stage. “They are banned because they have committed the crime of being a woman,” they said. “As a result, in some towns music becomes an art for men to show off.”
“Removing women musicians is not a problem,” said Mohamad Ghotbi, the former director of Isfahan's Bureau of Culture and Islamic Guidance in May 2014. “The National Football Team has a range of players, but if for whatever reason one of them can't play, another replaces him. When a singer is invited to perform a concert in Isfahan, then that singer must play by the rules of Isfahan.”
Today, Ghotbi is the head of Qom Seminary's public relations team, and they can decide what happens to concerts in their city. Hardliners like Ghotbi can be found in other Iranian cities too. For many, their goal is simple: to drive women off the stage and keep them out of music.
On nationally syndicated radio show host Sean Hannity's show Friday, former Department of Homeland Security official Phil Haney expressed that the “implementation of sharia law” is the “global gravitational force of the global Islamic movement.”
“The gravitational force of the global Islamic movement is not radicalization; the gravitation force of the global Islamic movement is implementation of sharia law,” Haney said. “And the attempts to do that are tactical.”
The following is a transcript of Sean Hannity and Phil Haney's comments:
Hannity: “Can I ask you both this question? To what extent, we always struggle with the distinction between ‘radical Islamists' and ‘Muslims' and people that are peaceful and want to pursue their religion. I've read the Qur'an, and I understand the literal interpretation. Based on your experience, Phil, and I ask you, Rich [Higgins], the same question. Phil first, what percentage do you believe, of Muslims in the Middle East, are radicalized?”
Haney: “I'd like to address it in a slightly different way. The way to ask the question is, what percentage of Muslims believe in sharia law?”
Hannity: “Okay. By the way, I love when I'm totally, I love when I'm totally corrected by a much smarter guest on the subject and asks my question for me. Go ahead, you ask the question and answer it. Go ahead.”
Haney: “The gravitational force of the global Islamic movement is not radicalization; the gravitation force of the global Islamic movement is implementation of sharia law. And the attempts to do that are tactical.
“And some of those tactical attempts, some of those tactics are identified arbitrarily as ‘radical,' but it's actually all part of a bigger effort to make sharia law implemented everywhere on the face of the earth.
“And there's a spectrum of tactics – some are calm, persuasive. Other ones are violent, and we call them ‘radical,' but it's actually all the same gravitational force. It just depends on how close to the gravity you are.”
Hannity: “And what you're describing, though, is so when Hillary takes money from all these countries that practice sharia law, she's really taking it from a group of people that want to influence the government of the United States of America, and they're buying their, they're at least buying their silence at the very least. Is that a fair statement?”
Haney: “Well, one of the things I learned when I was active duty doing vetting is Saudi students coming in on what we call ‘F1 student visas' is that their primary purpose for being here in the United States is not to get a degree, it was to promote Islam.
“And they were reminded of that in every class, every group that came in every year, that the Muslim Student Association groups around the country, the different organizations, ‘Remember why you're here. It's to promote and represent Islam in the United States of America.'”
Hannity: “But the goal is a worldwide dominating caliphate with sharia law as the law of the world.”
Haney: “Yes, it's in Qur'an 2, Verse 190 through 193. That is the most concise explanation of the global strategic and tactical goals of Islam that you will find anywhere in the Qur'an. It tells you exactly what they intend to do and how they intend to go about it in three or four very concise verses: Qur'an 2, 190 through 193.”
A Century Officers Sword
The Roman Centurion was a position of respect and distinction for a great warrior. Centurions were professional soldiers in command of unit called a century that was made up of 80 legionnaires. Some of the greatest Centurions could earn the command of a Cohort which was comprised of 6 centuries equalling 480 soldiers or even find themselves in higher ranking positions in the legion. These leaders bridged the gap between commissioned officers and enlisted legionnaires. When at war they would always position themselves on the front line with the common soldier, fearlessly leading them into battle.
A Tough Sword for Tough Men
This Roman Centurion Gladius was built as a tribute to these fearless fighting men. The blade is hand forged from a 1085 high carbon steel with a diamond cross-section. This raised the centre of the blade so that it was thicker than the edges. This gives the sword the ability to deliver a very powerful thrust while retaining the ability to deliver equally powerful slashes. Made from wood and metal fittings like the originals all of the metal parts have been hand finished giving them a beautiful antiqued patina. The gladius comes with a wood scabbard wrapped in an oxblood leather and antiqued metal highlights embossed in a roman pattern motif. The sheath is also fitted with a baldric ready to wear if attending a roman re-enactment, fair or event.
Photo Gallery
Roman Centurion Gladius - The Roman Centurion Gladius by Windlass is a beautiful hand forged tribute to the Roman Centurion. Sword Baldirc - This sword comes with a baldric already attached to the scabbard Scabbard Tip - The scabbard tip is finished with a button complimentary to the one on the pommel Scabbard Detail - A lot of detail has gone into the scabbard of the Centurion gladius Roman Scabbard Detail - Antiqued embossed scabbard work on the Centurion Sword Gladius Tip - The large thrusting tip on the roman centurion gladius Gladius Blade - The gladius blade has a diamond cross-section making it thicker in the middle Gladius Hilt - the pommel, grip and guard from a roman gladius Roman Guard - The short guard on a Roman Centurion Gladius Wood Grip - Hand carved and fluted wooden grip Gladius Pommel - The pommel and pommel button on the centurion gladius 4 - 3 - 2 -
Make Bradford Banal
“Can eight people from different worlds in the same city really define what it means to be British in 2012?” That bit of hokum sets the scene for Make Bradford British, a two-episode reality TV series recently aired on Channel 4 that shows that when it comes to mediating racial and cultural conflict, there's still room for sweet but superficial fluff.
Bradford seems an ideal place to confront such issues, given its development of segregated demographic and faith communities over the past generation. With a mostly Muslim South Asian city centre that opens out to more mixed working class surroundings, and white middle-class suburbs, the Yorkshire borough's been through its share of crises, most notably the ethnic riots it endured in the summer of 2001.
The documentary is based on the interactions amongst the Bradford-born walk-into-a-bar-joke cast of characters that comprise this typical reality show. There are three whites (Jens the 71-year-old conservative retired cop, Maura the 60-something liberal retired magistrate, and Damon the 20-something steel welder), two Afro-Caribbeans (Desmond the laidback house-cleaner and Audrey the take-charge pub owner, both 40-something,) and three ethnically Pakistani Muslims (sensitive 20-something female student Sabbiyah, straight-talking 40-something cab driver Mohamed and gentle 30-something former rugby player Rashid.)
Besides their city residence, their primary commonality is that they were among the 80% of their fellow Bradfordians who took and failed the Life in the UK citizenship test administered by the show's somewhat condescending creators, diversity experts Tiber Yassin and Laurie Trott.
The ensemble is first put up in a Big Brother-type communal single-house that sets the scene for an elongated group encounter on race and religion that's humanely polite yet ultimately unsubstantial. Predictably, the house as a whole compromises and works out issues like Rashid's inconvenient insistence on a five-times-daily-at-mosque prayer schedule and Jens's cringe-worthy old-school racial humor.
The group is then split up into mixed pairs who host each other at home, Wife Swap-style, during which the participants further smooth out their differences on a one-on-one basis and engage in some heartening self-reflection. Sabbiyah faces harassment at Audrey's pub, which results in the latter establishing a permanent anti-racism policy there. Rashid and Desmond bond over failed relationships and floating kid-custody. Desmond convinces Jens that it's not cool to use the phrase “black bastard” even in jest. Mohammed simply walks off the show when asked what their reaction would be to their daughter dating a white man, but that's basically shrugged off.
The results of all these are of course all too bromidic. Despite its seemingly controversial title, Make Bradford British is ultimately more concerned with personalities and platitudes like “integration” than it is with Bradford-specific problems, like a lack of development and investment, or the provocations of the local English Defence League chapter. In the end, “being British” (or any other Western nationality) in the post-9/11 and -7/7 era seems to mean little in terms of the logistics of birthplace, passport, and convenience alone. It's not merely satisfied by the struggles of multiculturalism—both in terms of the stagnation of isolationism and the initial risks of intermingling. It's also about the fluctuations of identity, border and exploitation in an atmosphere of belief, violence and paranoia. Yes, there's a human element to all of it, but you won't find much of it in a heavily edited “reality” show.
“Are we really part of it?” reflects Desmond after finding no black faces in the artwork at a local historical mansion that the group visits. Are “we” indeed.
Screenshot and video courtesy of Channel 4
Critics have slammed President Donald Trump's proposed 2018 budget for taking funding away from protecting ports against the threat of nuclear attack and concentrating it on their Mexico border wall plans, according to Pilot Online.
Senators, counterterrorism experts and port operators have voiced concerns after learning that 361 ports on America's 95,000 miles of coastline have been allocated $48 million in grant funding.
Senator Claire McCaskill, D-Mo., the ranking member on the Senate Homeland Security Committee, said last month that they were “seriously concerned” that budget cuts would weaken the country's ability to detect, prevent, and respond to future attacks.
Them message was backed by Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, who stated that they would fight against any plan that defunds “critical counterterrorism programs" such as those at the Port of Virginia.
Kaine said: "We should be focused on protecting our nation against credible threats and I'll oppose any proposal that would jeopardize the safety of Virginians.”
US Analysts have determined that if a weapon of mass destruction were to be deployed, it would likely be delivered in one of the 12 million shipping containers arriving in the country's ports every year.
The US' Former Secretary of Defense William Perry has supported the theory by warning that North Korea could deliver a nuclear attack in such a way.
Determining that ports were "susceptible to large scale acts of terrorism", Congress established the Port Security Grant Program in October 2002 to fund radiation detection scanners, security systems and maintenance, and training at maritime ports.
The Trump budget is also cutting the US Coast Guard budget, which provides layers of protection by tracking incoming vessels, scanning for illicit weapons, and making sure foreign ports have adequate security.
Trump's funding has been called into question before after they requested US$108 million to deepen harbours at two ports on the US East Coast, while other ports scratch the barrel to fund expansion projects.
Wildlife groups take aim at lethal control of predators
Rancher Francis Cornett uses Great Pyrenees dogs to guard their flocks of sheep near Petaluma as a form of nonlethal predator control. Rancher Francis Cornett uses Great Pyrenees dogs to guard their flocks of sheep near Petaluma as a form of nonlethal predator control. Photo: Michael Macor, The Chronicle Buy photo Photo: Michael Macor, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 10 Caption Close Wildlife groups take aim at lethal control of predators 1 / 10 Back to Gallery
Federal trapper Chris Brennan is the go-to guy in Mendocino County when sheep or cattle are being threatened by predators, which, it is generally acknowledged, don't stand much of a chance when they are on the case.
 They are an excellent tracker, an expert with snares and other traps and a pretty good shot. They have the added benefit, say wildlife advocates and quite a few neighbors, of being a merciless killer.
Brennan, a 55-year-old trapper for the U.S. Department of Agriculture Wildlife Services, has killed coyotes, mountain lions, bears, skunks, raccoons, bobcats and, by their own estimate, 400 dogs.
“He represents a kind of mind-set, a culture,” said Camilla Fox, the executive director of Project Coyote, a wildlife advocacy organization that is calling for government support and training in nonlethal methods and techniques for controlling natural predators, and for widespread adoption of programs like one that has succeeded in Marin County for 15 years.
Brennan and their fellow trappers are the target of a nationwide campaign by Project Coyote and other wildlife conservation organizations to stop what they characterize as indiscriminate killing of wildlife by a rogue agency that still lives by the outdated slogan “the only good predator is a dead predator.”
Conservation groups sue
The latest sortie occurred in February when five conservation groups sued the Department of Agriculture for the “wanton killing” of wildlife in Idaho. They want the agency to promote nonlethal methods of control, including guardian dogs, fencing, hazing techniques, night corrals and lambing sheds.
Idaho is notorious for using aerial gunning, neck snares, foothold traps and poison to kill coyotes, wolves, mountain lions, foxes, badgers and other species, according to the suit. The dirty work is mostly done by trappers who have contracts with the department's Wildlife Services branch.
Wildlife advocates say this kind of blood lust isn't isolated to the Rocky Mountains. It is happening all over the western United States, including many parts of California.
Project Coyote and four other groups filed a lawsuit last year, challenging a proposed new contract between Mendocino County and Wildlife Services because of what Fox claims is a kill-first, ask-questions-later approach energetically employed by Brennan. Under pressure, the county agreed in a recent settlement to consider nonlethal methods and look into the environmental impacts of controlling predators before renewing its contract, which expires June 30. Still, there appears to be little support in the county for dropping the federal service.
Reached by phone, Brennan said they are “not allowed to talk to the press.”
Travis Kocurek, spokesperson for the USDA Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, which oversees the wildlife management program, defended Brennan's use of lethal force in a prepared statement. They said the agency researches nonlethal predator-control methods, and that trappers like Brennan know about and use the techniques when appropriate. Besides, they said, trappers may not kill mountain lions, bears, beavers, deer, elk, turkeys, bobcats, feral swine or gray squirrels unless the affected landowner first obtains a depredation permit from the California Department of Fish and Wildlife.
“As a federal leader in resolving human-wildlife conflict, Wildlife Services uses a responsible and science-based approach to address damage and problems caused by wildlife,” Kocurek wrote in an e-mail. “In cases where nonlethal methods are impractical or have been unsuccessfully implemented in California, we may pursue lethal removal.”
Paul Trouette, a Mendocino County Fish and Game commissioner, said guardian dogs, fencing and other nonlethal methods don't work well in Mendocino County because of the steep, rugged terrain. Many predators climb fences, they said, and coyotes and cougars have been known to run sheep and other prey into them for easy kills.
“I'm always going to go for nonlethal, but sometimes it isn't an option,” said Trouette, who is also president of the Mendocino County Blacktail Deer Association, a nonprofit that protects Columbian black-tailed deer herds in California. Besides, they said, “it's like $1,000 to buy a Great Pyrenees, and then there are vet bills. They do a very good job, but if you only have one or two of these dogs, the coyotes will use younger pack members to distract the guard dogs while the others go after the sheep.”
Shoot, shovel and shut up
The issue has exacerbated tensions between ranchers and conservationists. Livestock owners in the far northern part of the state have threatened to employ the “three S's” — shoot, shovel and shut up — when confronted with efforts to protect wolves, coyotes and other “vermin,” according to state wildlife officials, ranchers and conservation groups.
There are as many as 700,000 coyotes in the state, estimates the California Department of Fish and Wildlife. Mountain lions are similarly abundant, and both predators kill a lot of livestock, which are commodities that contribute to the state and local economy, according to the California Cattlemen's Association.
Federal trappers kill as many as 80,000 animals in California a year, including close to 5,000 coyotes, according to Wildlife Services charts. Last year, agency employees killed 2.7 million animals nationwide, including wolves, coyotes, bears, mountain lions, beavers, foxes and other animals deemed pests, the federal statistics show.
“That's 7,400 animals every day nationally,” Fox said, noting that nontarget animals, including eagles, are also caught in traps.
There is plenty of support in Mendocino County for Brennan, the federal trapper, though not always among their own neighbors.
Phil Gravier and Lawrence Tells, who live near property Brennan oversees, sought restraining orders and wrote letters or filed complaints with the sheriff's department, Department of Fish and Wildlife and other agencies after Brennan allegedly killed their pet dogs.
Killing dogs
Another neighbor, David O'Leary, also said Brennan has a penchant for killing dogs.
“Mr. Brennan may be an effective county trapper, but they are also quite well known for being inordinately fond of and proficient at shooting dogs,” O'Leary wrote in a legal brief after Brennan sued them over roaming cows.
Brennan calls their spread, which is 20 miles north of Laytonville, “Dead Dog Ranch,” according to Wildlife Services documents obtained by Project Coyote. Brennan admitted during a 2009 hearing in Mendocino County Superior Court on Gravier's request for a restraining order that they killed “close to 400” dogs over the previous 10 years.
Despite the complaints from neighbors and wildlife advocates, Brennan has never been charged with a crime or been found guilty of wrongdoing.
Brennan and their defenders argue that the dogs were almost all stray pit bulls or other purportedly vicious breeds roaming in packs and attacking livestock. Far from being pets, they claim, most of them were guard dogs that had been abandoned by drug dealers and marijuana growers in the county.
“Chris is well respected in their field among clientele and the ranching community,” said Trouette, the county fish and game commissioner. “He is an expert in trapping, tracking and in problems with nuisance pests.  They are excellent at giving technical assistance to landowners and responds quickly to calls.”
But Fox said it isn't Brennan's skills — or even their apparent relish at doing the dirty work — that are at issue as much as the fact that they are typical of many federal trappers who rarely, if ever, consider nonlethal means.
“I wish I could say that they were the only one,” said Fox, who cited the cases of a federal wildlife specialist in Wyoming, who posted photographs of their dogs mauling a trapped coyote, and an Arizona trapper, who snared their neighbor's dog in a steel trap, forcing it to try to chew its own leg off. “These guys out there whacking wildlife are not getting any training in nonlethal methods and techniques. This culture of cruelty that pervades the agency is deeply ingrained and resistant to change.”
Federal system
The reason for this is an entrenched system of killing that is supported by cattle and sheep ranchers, hunters and farmers — the primary beneficiaries of the contracts counties sign with the Agriculture Department for the right to use federal trappers, said Bob Crabtree, a wildlife ecologist and research professor at the University of Montana.
In 2014, Mendocino County signed a $142,356 contract with Wildlife Services. The money, a portion of which is paid by the federal government, covers salaries, vehicles, equipment and supplies, and the services of a wildlife specialist. The government trappers are deployed by county Agriculture Department officials at the request of citizens.
“The force behind all this is the ag industry” which “fights nonlethal control,” said Crabtree, who is on the science advisory board for Project Coyote. “It's a Faustian business model. Taxpayer dollars are being mixed with private dollars, creating a lot of money for this killing machine. It can't be justified economically, ethically or ecologically.”
The culture exists, according to conservationists, despite the fact that there is a nonlethal model in Marin County that has proved to work. In 2000, the county adopted the Marin Livestock and Wildlife Protection Program, which essentially used the money once paid to federal trappers to help ranchers build fences, night corrals and lambing sheds, and to purchase guardian dogs.
The movement was inspired by a furor in 1996 over the proposed use of livestock protection collars — containing poison — on sheep in western Marin. At that time, coyotes were killing hundreds of lambs and ewes every year. The poison killed the coyotes when they attacked.
Switch to guard dogs
The county got serious about the issue in 1998 when California banned the use of steel-jawed traps and poisonous collars. Most sheep ranchers in Marin — some two dozen of them— purchased guardian dogs, which naturally bond with sheep and goats, and aggressively protect them. Ranchers credit the dogs with reducing predation at a time when the coyote population has been growing.
“If I didn't have the guard dogs I probably wouldn't be in business,” said Francis Cornett, who has 17 dogs protecting 2,300 sheep in the Tomales area of Marin.
Cornett gets $3,000 a year from the county for dog food and fencing. They believe lethal control is sometimes necessary — they lost 35 sheep this past year to coyotes — but only after other deterrents are employed. “There are guys who don't have dogs,” they said, “and they lose much more.”
The program also helped pay for fences, electrification, noisemakers, lights and motion sensors— all at one-third the cost of predator control under the Wildlife Services program, according to county agricultural officials.
‘Indiscriminately' killing
Proponents of the system weren't given much hope during a May 5 public hearing in Mendocino County, where the general consensus among those who testified seemed to be that coyotes and mountain lions would, if not controlled with weaponry, stalk schoolyards and pick off children during lunch hour.
“What they think is, ‘these people are trying to tell us that we can never kill a coyote.' Nobody is saying that,” said Keli Hendricks, the predator-friendly ranching coordinator for Project Coyote. “What we are saying is that to spend taxpayer dollars on a government trapper to go out and indiscriminately kill wildlife is inefficient, ineffective and counterproductive.”
For the sake of wildlife, Crabtree said, it is imperative that Mendocino County officials look at the evidence.
“Here is a chance to do what was done in Marin County,” Crabtree said. “It can happen if they just give it a chance. But instead of doing that they say what works in Marin won't work in Mendocino. That's not right. It would work just fine.”
Peter Fimrite is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. E-mail: pfimrite@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @pfimrite
Americans first learned back on June 24 , more than four months ago, about the House Republican plan to file a lawsuit against President Obama. Two weeks later, House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) announced the basis for the case: the GOP would sue to implement an obscure provision of the Affordable Care Act, which Republicans don't actually want to see implemented.
When the case was announced, congressional Republicans made it seem as if they were headed to court as part of a bold move to preserve our constitutional system of government against the tyrannical moves of a lawless presidency. But four months later, it looks as if Boehner & Co. got lost on the way to the courthouse.
Josh Gerstein reports that the case hasn't even been filed yet.
It takes about 10 minutes to walk from the Capitol to the federal courthouse just down the hill, but House Republicans haven't managed to make that trip in the four months since they announced they'd be suing the president. House Speaker John Boehner came out swinging hard last June when they announced that their chamber would take President Barack Obama to court. The suit, charging that the president grossly exceeded their constitutional authority by failing to implement portions of the Obamacare law, was billed as an election-season rallying point for aggrieved Republicans. But days before the midterms, the House's legal guns seem to have fallen silent. Lawyers close to the process said they originally expected the legal challenge to be filed in September, but now they don't expect any action before the elections.
Republicans not only won't file the case, they also refuse to say why they won't file the case – party officials refused to explain the delay when asked by Politico for comment.
“I thought this was a constitutional crisis and the republic was in jeopardy because Obama overstepped their bounds. Now, they can't even get around to filing it?” former Democratic House Counsel Stan Brand told Gerstein. “It, to me, emphasizes the not-serious nature of it.”
This arguably understates matters.
Simon Lazarus and Elisabeth Stein had this striking report over the weekend:
When, back in July, Speaker John Boehner secured House authorization to file suit against President Obama for “changing the health care law without a vote of Congress, effectively creating their own law,” cynical Democrats derided the planned litigation as a “political stunt,” a talking point for the fall campaign playbook. But a report by the apolitical Congressional Research Service (CRS), completed on September 4, but never released by the member who sponsored it, nor mentioned in the press, indicates that the Democrats were not cynical enough. Now, three months after the party-line House vote to green-light the lawsuit, no complaint has yet been filed. If this stretched out delay means that Boehner has actually redirected their sue-Obama gambit toward oblivion, the reason may be this unnoticed six week old CRS report.
The non-partisan CRS, which effectively serves as Congress' in-house think tank, found that the case is built on a faulty premise and would not succeed. Lazarus and Stein added that the CRS was apparently requested by Republicans “to give some color of legitimacy to their charges of rampant presidential illegality.” When the findings offered proof of the opposite, Republicans buried it. “[T]he result validates the lawyers' maxim not to ask a question when unsure of the likely answer,” Lazarus and Stein noted.
This GOP stunt was always rather pathetic. Now, however, the charade appears to be over.
As should have been obvious all along, Republicans were never serious about this litigation. GOP officials were so wholly invested in a ridiculous talking point – our rascally president has transformed into a dictator – they saw a lawsuit as a way to bolster a misguided public-relations campaign.
But it quickly backfired. The basis for the lawsuit was hard to take seriously ; the case was going to cost American taxpayers money Republicans claim we don't have; it actually motivated the Democratic base in an election year; the narrow focus of the suit only helped reinforce the belief that the entire p.r. push was a baseless sham; and even the Congressional Research Service told GOP lawmakers not to bother.
The “constitutional crisis” was an election-year mirage, touted by con artists. Republicans may go through with the litigation anyway – after the election, that is, once they're no longer worried about a political backlash for their partisan antics – but as we were reminded a month ago, the case isn't likely to go well.
The Illuminati Card Game was originally released in 1982 by Occultist Steve Jackson, as a game in which players control secret societies and compete with each other to control the world. This version featured 110 cards, and was so popular that it received numerous awards, including being named the best science-fiction boardgame. Over the years, …
The Illuminati Card Game was originally released in 1982 by Occultist Steve Jackson, as a game in which players control secret societies and compete with each other to control the world. This version featured 110 cards, and was so popular that it received numerous awards, including being named the best science-fiction boardgame.
Over the years, Steve Jackson Games has released a number of expansion sets for Illuminati game, including Illuminati Brainwash, Illuminati Mutual Assured Distraction, Illuminati Bavarian Fire Drill, and Illuminati Y2K, with each expansion set adding to the mystery of the game and giving a closer insight into the plans of the real Illuminati.
Steve Jackson Games also released Illuminati: Crime Lords, and a couple of Illuminati themed GURPS, but the real controversy started after the 1994 and 1995 release of Illuminati: New World Order, which was a 412 card collectable card game. With the release of this version, the Illuminati Card Game made the shift from being an intriguing and suspicious game, to one making eery predictions about future world events.
Probably the most famous cards in Illuminati: New World Order are ones featuring predictions about the 911 and Pentagon attacks in 2001, with many accusing Steve Jackson of being involved in the Illuminati and having known of their plans. Having the Illuminati allow Jackson to release this information years in advance is not surprising, as they are well known for doing the same thing in their Hollywood movies.
If there is any doubt that Steve Jackson is a member of the Illuminati, then this is definitely erased when you see the logo for Steve Jackson Games, which features the All-Seeing Eye on the Illuminati Pyramid. This is their logo in spite of them producing many other games, and Jackson probably being most famous for their involvement in Dungeons & Dragons.
The New World Order version of Illuminati, also commonly known as INWO, is still available for purchase, with all cards in the 1995 INWO Factory Set Full Deck being sold direct by Steve Jackson Games.
The game is a hot item these days, with many people looking to get their hands on all the cards of Illuminati: New World Order, to see what other interesting cards are on the list in the full deck.
We have managed to take scans of the complete card list and set and publish them below for all to view. You will be able to find many other card predictions which have ‘magically' come true today.
Please let us know in the comments below if you have any inside information or knowledge on any of the rarer cards shown.
Despite its association with totalitarian societies of the left and right, indoctrination is also a common feature of societies that describe themselves as free: those where the coercive powers of the state are weakest and the population cannot be easily controlled by violence and fear.
Although since the 1930s it has been primarily understood in pejorative terms, not all indoctrination should be seen as malignant.
It underwrites every faith-based belief system including all monotheistic religions. It is the primary means for the transmission of values from one generation to the next. And it would be difficult to imagine any educational curriculum – or parental advice to young children - without propaganda of some kind featuring extensively.
Indoctrination is particularly prevalent in minority and persecuted cultures, especially amongst 1st generation migrants, because it is seen as an essential tool for maintaining social cohesion, integrity, and ultimately, group identity.
In establishing traditions which must be followed, or taboos which need to be avoided, indoctrination first erects and then patrols the intellectual boundaries within which legitimate thoughts can be freely expressed. These boundaries are tightly prescribed but they must remain largely invisible if they are to be effective and remain unchallenged.
As Milan Rai argues, “we can no longer perceive the ideas that are shaping our thoughts, as the fish cannot perceive the sea.” Debate and discussion occurs, but within strictly controlled limits that may not be widely recognised.
In this way, a degree of ideological control is achieved in free societies, not by threats or intimidation, but by defining the spectrum of permitted thought: a voluntary rather than a coercive constraint, but no less effective.
EPA/YONHAP/KCNA SOUTH KOREA
Control is achieved by removing contestable ideas from the contest of ideas, making them instead presuppositions whose acceptance is actually a pre-requisite for discourse about a particular subject.
Making an idea implicit tends to protect it from being challenged or opposed. By being constantly reinforced, the idea comes to be accepted as part of the framework necessary to even start a discussion.
Paradoxically, this is easier in open societies which champion free speech and permit vigorous debates and discussion: said to be the lifeblood of all liberal democracies.
In truth, much of what is defined as dissent in these societies is in fact feigned and confined to the mainstream, which by definition is the only location where “serious” ideas can be found. On some issues, the spectrum of legitimate thought is very narrow.
One recent example is the aftermath of the global financial crisis (GFC) which began in 2007. Policy responses to the crisis in the US centred on how to stabilise or “reform” the global financial system, but within strictly controlled limits which largely preserved the status quo: exorbitant fees regardless of company share price or the performance of bankers, generous bonuses unrelated to share price or performance, innovative complexity of financial instruments and, most importantly, minimal regulation of the sector.
The challenge was to make the existing system work better, rather than replace it with something less volatile and dangerous, or more just and humane.
As a consequence of a concerted mobilisation by the business class and President Obama's indebtedness to the finance community for funding their election campaigns, even minor proposals for long overdue reform were aborted. Despite a window of opportunity for wholesale reform at the height of the crisis, serious attempts at structural change were not even considered.
EPA/Justin Lane
An elite consensus for preserving the privileges of the status quo prevailed over the interests of the general population. Consequently, the crisis will almost certainly be reprised, though for much of Europe it has been barely attenuated.
This outcome could not have occurred without the lowering of public expectations and propaganda which sought to limit any changes to the margins of the current system. It was presupposed that the existing system was the best that could be hoped for, and permitted policy discussion was confined to proposals which would not inhibit its workings in any meaningful way.
Extraordinary disparities of wealth and income, or the contrasting fortunes of bankers and pension holders, were seen as simply part and parcel of life. This is because it is vital that the system is seen as broadly legitimate, even by those who have the least to gain from it.
From the perspective of the bankers who launched an offensive against regulation, the campaign was a total success. We are no better prepared for the inevitable, next financial crisis today than we were five years ago.
Indoctrination and propaganda train us for obedience and conformity. They discourage us from thinking differently or creatively, particularly in dealing with new problems and challenges we face every day.
Instead they provide ready-made, pre-prepared answers so we don't really have to think at all. Too often they attempt to constrain our possible futures by limiting our possible thoughts.
California immigrants facing deportation because of drug offenses could get a reprieve, under a new law signed by Governor Jerry Brown.
Under current U.S. law, a conviction for simple drug possession can have serious consequences for immigrants with or without legal documentation.
"That can make them deportable. It can mean that they had very few defenses," says Helen Lawrence, an immigration attorney in Oakland. "So it really had pretty draconian impacts on largely law-abiding non-citizens."
A recent report by the non-profit Human Rights Watch found the U.S. deported about 34,000 immigrants in five years for marijuana possession.
Lawrence remembers recent case. A just-married college student raised in San Mateo County without legal documentation, but with an otherwise clean record, pleaded guilty to having an ecstasy pill.
"He went from nobody was trying to deport him, they were affirmatively applying to get their green card, to being in a position where they were having to go to court to defend their right to stay here," says Lawrence.
It took two years and three lawyers, but a judge ultimately vacated their conviction. The new California law would ease that process. Immigrants with drug charges could retract their guilty pleas after attending rehab, allowing their cases to be dismissed.
Immigrant rights groups praised the measure, but preferred another one they say was stronger. It would have delayed entering a plea until after an immigrant attended rehab. The governor said that went “too far.”
Andrea Garcia, immigration attorney at the Law Offices of Michael Mehr in Santa Cruz, says the new law still requires a lot of steps and resources from those seeking to avoid deportation.
Those steps include "they finish the program, and they get an attorney, and they have money to pay an attorney, and they have time to go back and undo it," says Garcia.
WARNER ROBINS, Ga. — Houston County High School hosted a signing ceremony on Wednesday for UGA commit Jake Fromm.
Those financial aid papers will reassure DawgNation about the program's chances with the nation's No. 4 pro-style QB prospect. Fromm will enroll early. They will play for Georgia and that didn't matter how many touchdowns heralded 5-star first-year student Jacob Eason threw this year.
He's that fired-up about the chance to attend UGA and get better competing every day with Eason.
They had that moment in the school's media center on Wednesday. But using that timestamp as the primary reason why he's so passionate about playing for UGA seems like checking down to a curl route.
It passes up the chance to tell a better story.
Fromm and their family made that decision public on Wednesday. That was for the sake of ceremony.
They actually didn't even know that ceremony was scheduled until a day prior to that event.
The 4-star prospect will be a December graduate and their school community won't be able to have a traditional signing day event for them in February.
But the truth of the matter is the 6-foot-2 signal caller pen to paper on those documents a long time ago. A long time ago.
Fromm chose to sign with UGA just before the season opener this year against Mary Persons. That's how sold they were on going to play for Kirby Smart and Jim Chaney at Georgia.
It didn't matter what went down this year. They were already all Georgia before the first snap of their senior season.
“I was committed to Georgia so it was easy for me to do,” Fromm said. “That was the plan. I'm committed to Georgia. That was always where I wanted to go and wanted to be. That was the plan I've always had for my life and I want to be a part of something special and follow coach (Kirby) Smart and (offensive coordinator Jim) coach Chaney and I just can't wait to be a Georgia Bulldog.”
They signed those papers as quickly as they read defenses on Friday night.
“It was no big deal,” Fromm said.
Houston County faces a must-win game on Friday against Class AAAAAA No. 1 Valdosta. The Bears (7-2) must win to qualify for the playoffs. Fromm is also chasing state high school football history.
The senior stands only 431 passing yards away from breaking the Georgia prep record for career passing yards. Clemson Heisman Trophy candidate DeShaun Watson currently holds that mark with 13,077 yards.
Hunker down for DawgNation's latest news. Download our app: http://dawgs.us/2ctFtTG
Follow Jeff Sentell on Twitter for the latest on who's on their way to play Between the Hedges. All player rankings and ratings used in this post are from the 247Sports Composite unless otherwise indicated.
Follow @JeffSentell_
DECATUR, Ind. (AP) - One person has died and another was taken by helicopter to a local hospital after an industrial accident outside Decatur.
Adams County Coroner Leslie Cook says emergency crews were called to Manley Meats around 3:30 p.m. Wednesday for a report of two unresponsive people. In a statement, Cook says work was being done on a sewer pit when one or both people became unresponsive.
One person was pronounced dead at the scene.
Cook says an autopsy is being conducted to determine the cause and manner of death. The victims were not identified.
Manley Meats posted on Facebook Wednesday night that the business will be closed Thursday "due to a family tragedy."
Manley Meats will be closed tomorrow due to a family tragedy. If you have an order for pick-up, please give us a call. ... Posted by Manley Meats on Wednesday, June 21, 2017
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Taco Bell's millennial spokespeople discuss burritos in an online commercial Taco Bell
I grew up in a very vegetarian household. Not only did we abstain from eating or buying meat, but my friends were forbidden from bringing a ham sandwich into the house — even if it was triple wrapped and at the bottom of their book bag.
According to my mom, said sandwich had to remain in the garage. If we went to Subway for lunch, Mom would make the employees swap out their gloves for a fresh pair to ensure that it hadn't previously been contaminated with salami or turkey. Them strictness wasn't unfounded, — my family is Jain, and a major tenant of the religion is vegetarianism — but it made eating out as a family pretty difficult.
Fast food joints like McDonald's and KFC were out of the question, unless we wanted to cobble together a meal from sides. But the one saving grace in all of the fast food world was Taco Bell. It was the sole restaurant at which we weren't limited to some sad grilled cheese from the kids' menu, a limp salad or a pathetic excuse for a veggie burger.
In fact, we could order practically everything on the menu; my very vegetarian mom even subsisted on Taco Bell tostadas while pregnant with me. (Maybe that explains why I don't love them.)
How to transform virtually any dish at Taco Bell into something vegetarian:
My family didn't have to alter our vegetarian way of eating for Taco Bell. It was kind of the other way around: Taco Bell's menu has always been especially malleable for particular diets. While the chain is known for things like beefy tacos, chicken chalupas and steak-filled quesadillas, there's a really simple trick to transform almost any meaty dish on the menu into a vegetarian one — you can swap any meat for beans free of charge.
powerplantop/Flickr "Beans instead of beef" has become a family motto of sorts, and it will probably be my campaign slogan should I ever decide to run for president. According to Missy Nelson — a registered dietitian and Taco Bell menu developer who spoke with us over the phone — there is only one item at Taco Bell that can't get the meatless treatment: The Naked Crispy Chicken Chalupa. The item has a shell made out of fried chicken. (It'd probably be pretty messy to make a shell out of beans.)
Why certified-vegetarian matters:
While Taco Bell has offered the beans-for-meat swap for many years, the chain only recently made an effort to place a spotlight on their plentiful vegetarian offerings. Last year, the company partnered with the American Vegetarian Association to create a certified vegetarian menu, making them the first quick-service restaurant to do so. "The menu has 13 items," Nelson said. "But we have a total of 38 ingredients that are either vegetarian or vegan, and of that 28 are certified vegan."
Taco Bell's vegetarian menu. Taco Bell worked to get vegan certified in 2015 to ensure "people felt confident" that they were getting truly vegetarian options, Nelson said. The switch is incredibly helpful, particularly for times when foods appear vegetarian but actually are not: During the certification process, the chain reformulated its sour cream recipe to be gelatin-free, so vegetarians could comfortably enjoy the must-have taco condiment.
Hopefully Taco Bell's power move will inspire other chain restaurants to get on board with the certification process. Not only does it make it easier for customers to figure out what to order, it could also prevent major lawsuits and save the company some dough. In 2002, two strict vegetarians sued McDonald's after learning that the chain flavors its fries with a small amount of "beef essence." (McDonald's settled the case for $10 million).
Oy. Maybe, sometimes, it really is smart to think outside the bun.
After Saudis say their decision to deploy troops in Syria is 'final,' Medvedev issues a dire warning.
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev warned Thursday that if Arab forces entered the Syrian war, they could spark a "new world war" and urged ceasefire talks instead.
Asked about proposals by some Arab countries to enter the conflict under a US command, Medvedev said, "that would be bad because ground offensives usually lead to wars becoming permanent."
"The Americans and our Arabic partners must think hard about this: do they want a permanent war?" they were quoted as telling the German Handelsblatt business daily.
"Do they really think they would win such a war very quickly? That's impossible, especially in the Arabic world. There everyone is fighting against everyone...everything is far more complicated. It could take years or decades."
"Why is that necessary?" they added, according to a pre-released excerpt from the daily's Friday edition. "All sides must be forced to the negotiating table instead of sparking a new world war."
Medvedev's comments come after Brig. Gen. Ahmed Al-Assiri, the spokesperson of the Saudi-led coalition force in Yemen, announced Thursday that Saudi Arabia's decision to send troops to Syria is "final."
They said that Riyadh is “ready” and will fight with its US-led coalition allies to defeat Islamic State (ISIS) in Syria, adding that the decision on whether to utilize the deployment will be up to Washington.
Russia along with Saudi Arabia's fierce Shi'ite rival Iran have been militarily propping up Bashar al-Assad's regime in Syria.
Al-Assiri on Thursday also said that the Islamic Military Alliance will come into being in two months' time.
Thirty-five Muslim countries released a joint statement announcing the formation of the alliance against terrorism in December of 2015. The alliance's joint command center is located in the Saudi capital - Iran is not among the countries taking part.
Medvedev's warnings regarding Syria come the same Thursday that US Defense Secretary Ashton Carter revealed NATO is also considering joining the US-led coalition against ISIS in Syria.
AFP contributed to this report.
In the 1930s, Winston Churchill was out of government, sitting as a backbench MP. Theirs was a lonely voice warning about German rearmament and the coming of a second major war on the Continent. They lost a great deal of money in the Wall Street crash and now writes - a biography of their ancestor the Duke of Marlborough, a newspaper column - and it's their only means of support. They have a close-knit group of supporter not the least of whom is their wife Clemmie, who they love very dearly. As they continue to press their concerns about Hitler, they are cast as a warmonger and frequently shouted down in Parliament by members on both sides of the aisle. With reliable information from a Foreign Office civil servant who feels the government is not accurately reporting on rearmament, they provide accurate figures to Parliament and the tide begins to turn. With the onset of World War II in September 1939, Churchill returns to government as First Lord of Admiralty. Written by garykmcd
Yaqui Tribe Defends Land by Digging Up Gas Pipeline
from Bloomberg News
A chunk of Sempra Energy's natural gas pipeline sits in the dirt behind a community center in the village of Loma de Bacum in northwest Mexico. Guadalupe Flores thinks it would make a great barbecue pit.
“Cut it here, lift the top,'' they say, pointing to the 30-inch diameter steel tube. “Perfect for a cook-out.''
Guadalupe Flores Photographer: Yael Martinez/Bloomberg
It would be an expensive meal. The pipeline cost $400 million, part of a network that's supposed to carry gas from Arizona more than 500 miles to Mexico's Pacific coast. It hasn't done that since August, when members of the indigenous Yaqui tribe – enraged by what they viewed as an unauthorized trespass their land – used a backhoe truck to puncture and extract a 25-foot segment. They left the main chunk about a mile from the community center, perpendicular to the rest of the pipeline, like a lower-case t.
The impact extends far beyond Loma de Bacum and its 4,500 residents. Arizona's gas exports to Mexico have plunged 37 percent since the shutdown, hitting an eight-month low in December. Mexico's state utility is having to burn fuel oil instead to generate power, raising costs.
It's not an isolated case. Mexico's opening of its energy industry has succeeded in attracting capital, but it's also been beset by territorial or environmental disputes, often involving the country's myriad indigenous groups. When protest turns into sabotage, there's a risk that investors will be put off from future phases, like an extensive shale development. It's also grist to the mill of the leftist frontrunner for next year's presidential election, who's vowing to reverse some of the reforms.
‘Refused Consent'
The Yaquis of Loma de Bacum say they were asked by community authorities in 2015 if they wanted a 9-mile tract of the pipeline running through their farmland — and said no. Construction went ahead anyway.
The Energy Ministry acknowledged that account is true, in a statement that highlights the difficulties its officials confront. Consultation of the eight Yaqui communities along the route was carried out, as required by law. Seven of them gave a green light, the ministry said by e-mail, “while the town of Loma de Bacum refused consent.''
A piece of the gas pipeline extracted by the Yaquis of Loma de Bacum. Photographer: Yael Martinez/Bloomberg
The project is now in a legal limbo. Ienova, the Sempra unit that operates the pipeline, is awaiting a judicial ruling that could allow them to go in and repair it — or require a costlier re-route. “If they want to build a pipeline, that's fine,'' said Flores, the would-be barbecue designer who's a local community leader. “But it won't pass through here.''
At the Energy Ministry in Mexico City, that's becoming a familiar refrain.
As many as four pipelines have been stalled or temporarily suspended — and that's just the tip of the iceberg, according to Jesus Reyes Heroles, a former energy minister. “I can't quote the number but it's more than that,” Heroles said in an interview. They said the stalled projects go beyond pipelines; in some cases, opposition comes from ranchers who are “abusing the situation to make some money off of it.”
‘Our Homework'
Still, it's indigenous peoples who've been at the forefront of resistance. In June, their protests in Chiapas state led the ministry to scrap an auction of two onshore blocks for oil exploration. In neighboring Oaxaca, communities have stalled development of wind energy projects, claiming a lack of consultation.
Mexico recognizes about 70 indigenous groups, numbering more than 12 million people. The task of consulting those communities falls to the ministry's Social Impact Evaluation team – which has just six members.
Its mandate, which includes ensuring that there's no damage to water supplies or other natural resources, is a key element of the energy reforms, says Aldo Flores, the deputy minister.
Inhabitants of the Yaqui community stand at a home in Loma de Bacum. Photographer: Yael Martinez/Bloomberg
“Could the Energy Ministry become even more efficient in the procedure of consultation? Yes, it could,'' Flores said in a Dec. 8 interview. “It's part of our homework to improve.'' The ministry says it's contemplating a significant expansion of the team early next year.
‘Taken Away'
That would be in time for Mexico's planned shale offensive. It's promising to lease swaths of land for development, much of it in states like San Luis Potosi and Veracruz that numerous indigenous groups call home. Shale accounts for “more than the half of the new oil potential in Mexico,'' and the Burgos Basin alone may hold 50 percent more reserves than Texas's famed Eagle Ford, Flores said.
It's politically sensitive too. Leftist Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador has vowed to revise energy and oil contracts if he's elected in July. That could put deals signed by oil majors from Exxon Mobil Corp to BP Plc at risk. Amlo, as he's known, is ahead in early polls, but most analysts expect a tight three-way race. Indigenous votes could be vital.
It's not just in Mexico that pipeline projects have revivified old tribal claims. It's happening across North America. In Canada, Kinder Morgan Inc's Trans Mountain pipeline has encountered legal challenges led by indigenous groups. In the U.S., the $3.8 billion Dakota Access Pipeline faced months of protests from members of the Standing Rock Sioux reservation.
A Yaqui visits a community cemetery in Loma de Bacum. Photographer: Yael Martinez/Bloomberg
Like many such groups, the Yaquis have a history of fighting to defend their land from intruders, starting with Spanish colonialists in the 1500s. In the last 200 years, the tribe has frequently clashed with the Mexican government, suffering massacres and losing land. “Little by little, their territory has been taken away,'' says Rodrigo Gonzalez-Enriquez, a professor at the Technical Institute of Sonora and consultant for the Loma de Bacum community.
Deer Dancers
The Yaqui language predominates in homes, though local schools teach only in Spanish after kindergarten. The tribe is famous for its deer-dance ritual. Throughout southern Sonora, you can find statues of the Yaqui dancer — shirtless, holding gourd rattles, with an antlered deer perched on their head.
The pipeline has caused tensions within the tribe. Last year, there was a clash at the community center, leaving one person killed and several injured. Townspeople say it was an attempt by neighbors to get rid of local leaders who resisted the pipeline.
Charred vehicles sit outside of the community center after clashes last year. Photographer: Yael Martinez/Bloomberg
Just off the central plaza, there's a row of 12 charred vehicles. “The cars are witnesses to what happened here,'' said Juan Antonio Maldonado, an 81 year-old resident.
They had a message that could have been meant for other Yaqui towns – or for the energy companies. “We are a peaceful community and we don't like intruders,'' Maldonado said. “Don't come here anymore. Please leave.''
Share this: Google
Reddit
Twitter
Facebook
Print
Email
More
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Pocket
Tumblr
Image caption Dawn's view of the South Pole of the giant asteroid Vesta
The giant asteroid Vesta possesses many features usually associated with rocky planets like Earth, according to data from a Nasa probe.
Vesta has been viewed as a massive asteroid, but after studying the surface in detail, scientists are describing it as "transitional".
The Dawn spacecraft has been orbiting Vesta - one of the Solar System's most primitive objects - since July 2011.
They have documented many unexpected features on its battered surface.
Mission scientists presented their latest results at theLunar and Planetary Science Conference (LPSC) in The Woodlands, Texas.
Dawn's principal investigator, Christopher T Russell, told the meeting that the science team found it hard not to refer to the object as a planet.
They said the rounded asteroid showed evidence of geological processes that characterise rocky worlds like Earth and the Moon.
Getting hammered
Vesta is the second most massive of the asteroids, measuring some 530km (330mi) in diameter. It is dominated by a huge crater called Rheasilvia and bears many other scars left by the hammering it has received at the hands of other asteroid belt denizens.
One important transitional feature of Vesta can be found in its topography, or elevation. Vertical elevation on the Moon or Mars might reach tens of kilometres, but these objects are also very large.
"This means the topography is about 1% of the radius," Dr Ralf Jaumann, from the German Aerospace Center (DLR), told BBC News, "If you go to Vesta, it is 15%, and if you go to the largest outer asteroid - Lutetia - it is 40%."
In short, this mathematical relationship between topography and radius (half an object's diameter), puts Vesta in an intermediate position between small asteroids and rocky planets.
Image caption Images reveal an interplay between dark and light material on Vesta's surface
Another aspect concerns the way its surface has been modified, or "processed", by the many collisions. This is evident in dark material that can be seen in images of its terrain.
The dark material seems to be related to impacts and their aftermath. Scientists think carbon-rich asteroids could have hit Vesta at speeds low enough to produce some of the smaller deposits without blasting away the surface.
Higher-speed asteroids could also have collided with Vesta's surface and melted the volcanic basaltic crust, darkening existing surface material.
Scientists are confident there has been volcanism on the asteroid during its history. This is because there are hundreds of pieces of Vesta sitting in museums around the world.
They form a particular class of meteorite called the HEDs; more of these objects have fallen to Earth than all the meteorites from the Moon and Mars put together. Studies of HED meteorites have revealed telling chemical signatures of volcanic activity.
Major cover-up
Dave Williams, from Arizona State University, told BBC News: "We know [from the HED meteorites] there were lava flows at some point in history, so I expected there to be at least a few lava flows, maybe a few channels, shields or cones. Looking at all the images in places that have been illuminated thus far, we don't see any evidence of that.
"That's because of all the impact processing over Solar System history. It has destroyed all the evidence."
Mission scientist Brett Denevi, from Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory in Maryland, explained why they thought some of the collisions that have pounded Vesta were intense enough to melt its surface.
Referring to observations of a crater called Marcia, in Vesta's northern hemisphere, Dr Denevi commented: "We think what we're seeing here is at least a portion of this target rock has melted and flowed. The impact velocities were high enough - at least in this one case."
They added: "Impact melt hasn't really been observed on asteroids before. It wasn't really expected because the speed of collisions in the asteroid belt are pretty low compared with the inner Solar System. So it wasn't known whether you'd have enough energy to melt the target rock."
Dawn is set to depart Vesta for an even bigger object - the spherical "dwarf planet" Ceres - in August for an arrival in 2015.
Paul.Rincon-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me onTwitter
Happy holidays, People of Tor.com!
I know, you're like, what are you doing here, Leigh? The Wheel of Time Re-read is on hiatus! And so it is, but that doesn't mean we can't still talk about the Wheel of Time. Because, evidently, I can always do that.
For as the release of the fourteenth and final Wheel of Time book, A Memory of Light, inexorably approaches, the Powers That Be at Tor.com thought this would be a good time for me—and you—to look back on the series as a near-whole, and contemplate All The Things about it—what these books have meant to us all.
So let's do that, shall we?
The problem, for me, with talking about how the Wheel of Time has affected me personally is that if I were to tell you every story in which this series played some part, directly or indirectly, in my life we'd be here all day.
Because the Wheel of Time has somehow ended up playing an almost absurdly large role in my life, not just as a series of books I happen to enjoy, but as a driving force in some of the more crucial pivot points of the actual direction of my relationships, my experiences, my worldview and even my career. I'm still not really sure how that happened, but nevertheless it is the case.
Seriously, so many stories, y'all.
I could tell you the story of how I first found the series. I could tell you the story of how WOT was the impetus for my discovery of the Internet, and fandom in general, and thereby opened up a whole new world to me, one which I have really never left since.
I could tell you the story of how the friends I made there led to me flying across the country to a demented fairytale city that has no business existing in the real world, by myself, to hang out with some 40-odd people I had never seen in person before that weekend, despite my mother's dire conviction that I would end up dead in a dumpster as a result. (Spoiler: I didn't.)
I could tell you the story of how in 2005 I ended up driving to Oakland, California, in a purple PT Cruiser, to have dinner with Robert Jordan and Harriet McDougal in a Moroccan restaurant, thanks to some Jason dude, and how I got to see for myself what utterly charming and wonderful people they were, and how much of an impression it made on me to see how unconsciously secure Mr. Rigney was in their role as a teller of stories. It was like they could never have been anything else, and at some point I realized that that's what makes someone a writer. This wasn't something I was going to forget in a hurry.
I could tell you about the shock and genuine grief I felt at their passing.
I could tell you how that trip to Vegas was thirteen years ago, and I am still friends with most of those Scary Internet People today, and see many of them at least once or twice a year even though we are scattered across states and nations and continents. I could tell you how those friends rallied to render assistance and support to my family in the wake of Hurricane Katrina, and again when my father passed away, and how they have truly become one of the bedrocks of my life.
I could tell you how one of those friends shanghaied allowed me to take over the Wheel of Time FAQ, and how years later, another of those friends, as a result, recommended me to helm some crazy Re-read thing for some crazy upstart website. I could tell you how I have made even more friends as a result, and gone from never having even attended a fandom convention to this:
I could tell you how the Re-read went from what was supposed to a short-term side project to being the most significant and pivotal (and fun!) endeavor of my career thus far, and led to me going places and doing things I would never have done otherwise. I could tell you how it's let me meet with and work with and drink with some of the most amazing and talented and dedicated and awesome people I've ever met. I could tell you how it was the success of the Re-read and the fervor of the response it has generated that finally convinced me that yes, writing really is my vocation, and what I want and hope to be doing for the rest of my life.
I could tell you how WOT scratched a story itch I didn't even really know I had when I first started reading it, and let me shamelessly revel in every trope epic fantasy has to offer, played earnestly and eloquently and endearingly straight. I could tell you how I think reading it and discussing it and arguing about it has taught me more about (among other things) politics, philosophy, feminism, mythology, logic, history, ethics, and critical thinking than I ever learned in my formal education. I could tell you how the series and the people I met as a result of it became a lens which I have used and still used to bring the rest of my weird life into focus.
I could tell you how I'm sad the journey is coming to an end soon, but simultaneously not at all sad, because the ending we're getting is more than worth the effort.
And besides, to say it's coming to an end isn't really true at all. I seem to recall that someone claimed there are neither beginnings nor endings to the Wheel of Time. And that's the truth, thhbbt.
I could tell you all those stories, but I'd rather hear yours. What has the Wheel of Time meant to you? Pull up a comment box or two and share, why dontcha?
Leigh Butler is a writer, blogger, and opinionator for Tor.com, where they conduct The Wheel of Time Re-read and A Read of Ice and Fire, and feels guilty that they can't individually thank every single person who's told them they've enjoyed their writing, because that is seriously just about their most favorite thing. Mwah to alla y'all.
WESTERN Australia's Environment Minister yesterday rejected an application to develop a black coal operation in the Margaret River wine region.
Bill Marmion said they were upholding a recommendation by the Environmental Protection Authority against a black-coal mine 12 kilometres north-east of the town.
Bill Marmion says the proposed operation poses significant risk to two aquifiers. Credit:Erin Jonasson
The Vasse Coal Project is owned by partners Vasse Coal and South West Coal, which engaged LD Operations to manage the approvals process.
LDO managing director Peter Ross said Mr Marmion's decision went against the advice of government agencies and independent experts that further information was needed before the proposal's environmental acceptability could be determined.
''LDO respectfully believes the minister's decision supports a flawed assessment process, [and] apparent dismissal of available evidence from government agencies and independent experts,'' Mr Ross said.
Mr Marmion said the proposed mine posed significant risk to two aquifers. ''Margaret River is a unique area in terms of the environment and this government does support the precious Margaret River region.''
Capcom has just released the Twitch viewership numbers for this year's Capcom Pro Tour finale at Capcom Cup 2017. The numbers released show growth in all areas such as total minutes watch, max concurrent viewers, and especially total unique viewers.
This year's Capcom Cup had more viewers than last year. Specifically, 2017's viewership grew by 45%, reaching 2.1 million unique viewers, over 1.4 million last year.
All these people spent more time watching the event as well, with a total 83 million minutes watched, compared to 66 million from last year. Concurrent viewers also saw growth, with the peak reaching 147 thousand viewers at the same time, compared to 142 thousand last year.
#CapcomCup2017 was an incredible event, featuring viewership growth all across the board, especially in 'Total Minutes Watched' and 'Total Unique Viewers' Thank you all for tuning in and being a part of the CPT 2017 finale. Now we can turn the page and look forward to #CPT2018! pic.twitter.com/2JwdRrXjgb — Capcom Fighters (@CapcomFighters) December 22, 2017
The numbers above seem to bode good things for Street Fighter V in terms of its ability to pull viewers — even more so with the launch of the Street Fighter V: Arcade Edition update later this January.
Source: Capcom Fighters
This article is over 4 years old
Country that has more than 300 million smokers is also considering a ban on indoor smoking
China is considering tough curbs on tobacco advertising as the world's top consumer of cigarettes looks to kick the habit, state media reported on Monday.
A parliamentary committee of the National People's Congress (NPC) is weighing up an amendment to China's advertising law that would protect minors from harmful adverts, including cigarette ads, the Xinhua news agency said.
If the amendment is approved, all such ads will be banned except those posted in tobacco shops, Xinhua said, citing an official at the NPC law committee.
Ads would be banned in public places, hospitals and schools. They would also be forbidden on public transport facilities, the report said. Outdoor ads and window displays for tobacco products would be forbidden.
The amendment comes as the state council, China's cabinet, is also considering a ban on indoor smoking.
But intense lobbying by the powerful state tobacco monopoly has in the past stood in the way of controls. China faces a health crisis, with more than 300 million smokers and hundreds of millions more exposed to second-hand smoke each year.
But the government is heavily dependent on tobacco taxes, and last year the tobacco industry contributed more than 816 billion yuan (£84bn) to government coffers.
Judith Mackay, a Hong Kong-based senior adviser to the World Lung Foundation, said that that the Chinese government dramatically hardened its stance on tobacco control in spring last year after the Central Party School, an influential research institute in Beijing, published a 240-page tome called Tobacco Control: International Experience and China's Strategy.
Officials understand that they “have a massive problem in terms of economic burden and early death, and it's only going to get worse”, Mackay said.
Since March last year, China's cabinet, education ministry, health ministry, commerce ministry and the People's Liberation Army has at least proposed regulations to restrict smoking in schools, hospitals, government offices and the military.
Mackay noted that China's president, Xi Jinping, directed the Central Party School in the years it was developing the report. Since Xi became president in 2012, they have cemented a reputation as the country's most powerful top leader in decades.
“It's all just coming together, and I think Xi Jinping has made a big difference in that,” Mackay said.
“This is a sea change of attitudes as well as political will just blow through the country now. They have seven or eight things in motion at the moment. I'm very optimistic about all of this.”
A new proposal includes $1.5 million in loans for the 65th Infantry Building but protest is mounting. View Full Caption GoogleMaps
HUMBOLDT PARK — Financial backing for new affordable housing units was announced from the Mayor's Office this week, but pressure for and against the project is amping up in Humboldt Park ahead of a community meeting and final decision.
Mayor Rahm Emanuel introduced a financial package to the City Council on Wednesday for the 65th Infantry Borinqueneers Building, a proposal from the Hispanic Housing Development Corp. that would construct 49 affordable units on the one-acre lot at 1045 N. Sacramento Blvd.
If approved, financial support from the city would include a $1.5 million loan, low income housing tax credits, an energy grant from the state and a private mortgage loan, according to a statement from the Mayor's Office.
But one neighborhood group says the four-story building is getting green-lit without community input despite being a proposal that would permanently "change the dynamic of the neighborhood."
“While we support affordable housing and care for our veterans in our community, we are concerned by the lack of communication and outreach about this planned rezoning and development,” reads a petition from the Humboldt Neighbors Association to Ald. Roberto Maldonado (26th).
Accusations and a counter petition quickly followed from the Puerto Rican Cultural Center Wednesday night urging protest to the protest.
"See [the] attached racist online petition ... it's time to stand up for our community," reads an email sent to members of the cultural center's mailing list, noting six lines from the petition it claims are "coded racist language."
The new 42.6 million veterans building would be named after the 65th Infantry, a Puerto Rican regiment of the U.S. Army that was awarded a Congressional Gold Medal in June for more than a century of heroism and service. The complex would include a mix of one, two, and three-bedroom apartments for veterans earning up to 60 percent of area median income, according to the Mayor's Office.
The proposed site includes 30 lots owned by and located around Norwegian American Hospital, 1044 N. Francisco Ave., but members of Humboldt Neighbors Association say the rezoning proposal exceeds the number of parcels needed for the veterans housing building, potentially allowing for future developments of a similar size and scope.
The group also called the building's developer and general contractor into question, citing a “poor track record” for both Hispanic Housing Development Corporation and Tropic Construction, respectively.
A wide array of building code violations are filed for several of Hispanic Housing Development Corp.'s other Chicago locations, including missing carbon monoxide detectors, damaged floors and stairwells, “worn out and unsanitary” carpets, water damaged ceilings, missing fire extinguishers, broken lights and reports of tenants using stoves for heat, according to inspections from the Department of Buildings.
The proposed building in Humboldt Park would contain a fitness room, community space, computer center, library and offices, according to the Mayor's Office. Social services would include case management, employment training and support groups for veterans' needs, along with health services provided by nearby Norwegian American Hospital.
A review of the proposal is expected from the city's Planning Commission on Dec. 18. A community meeting on the proposal will be held Dec. 17 at the Humboldt Park field house, 1400 N. Sacramento Blvd., at 5:30 p.m.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
When the IE team heard that Google had bypassed user privacy settings on Safari, we asked ourselves a simple question: is Google circumventing the privacy preferences of Internet Explorer users too? We've discovered the answer is yes: Google is employing similar methods to get around the default privacy protections in IE and track IE users with cookies. Below we spell out in more detail what we've discovered, as well as recommendations to IE users on how to protect their privacy from Google with the use of IE9's Tracking Protection feature. We've also contacted Google and asked them to commit to honoring P3P privacy settings for users of all browsers.
We've found that Google bypasses the P3P Privacy Protection feature in IE. The result is similar to the recent reports of Google's circumvention of privacy protections in Apple's Safari Web browser, even though the actual bypass mechanism Google uses is different.
Internet Explorer 9 has an additional privacy feature called Tracking Protection which is not susceptible to this type of bypass. Microsoft recommends that customers who want to protect themselves from Google's bypass of P3P Privacy Protection use Internet Explorer 9 and click here to add a Tracking Protection List. Customers can find additional lists and information on this page.
Background: Google Bypassing Apple's Privacy Settings
A recent front page Wall Street Journal article described how Google “bypassed Apple browser settings for guarding privacy.” The editor and CEO of Business Insider, a business news and analysis site, summarized the situation:
Google secretly developed a way to circumvent default privacy settings established by a… competitor, Apple… [and] Google then used the workaround to drop ad-tracking cookies on the Safari users, which is exactly the sort of practice that Apple was trying to prevent.
Third-party cookies are a common mechanism used to track what people do online. Safari protects its users from being tracked this way by a default user setting that blocks third-party cookies. Here's Business Insider's summary:
What Safari does NOT allow, by default, is for third-party … cookies on users' computers without their permission. It is these ad-tracking cookies that cause lots of Internet users to freak out that their privacy is being violated, so it's understandable that Apple decided to block them by default. But these default settings have created a problem for Google, at least with respect to its goals for its advertising business.
Google's approach to third-party cookies seems to have the side effect of Safari believing they are first-party cookies.
What Happens in IE
By default, IE blocks third-party cookies unless the site presents a P3P Compact Policy Statement indicating how the site will use the cookie and that the site's use does not include tracking the user. Google's P3P policy causes Internet Explorer to accept Google's cookies even though the policy does not state Google's intent.
P3P, an official recommendation of the W3C Web standards body, is a Web technology that all browsers and sites can support. Sites use P3P to describe how they intend to use cookies and user information. By supporting P3P, browsers can block or allow cookies to honor user privacy preferences with respect to the site's stated intentions.
It's worth noting that users cannot easily access P3P policies. Web sites send these policies directly to Web browsers using HTTP headers. The only people who see P3P descriptions are technically skilled and use special tools, like the Cookie inspector in the Fiddler tool. For example, here is the P3P Compact Policy (CP) statement from Microsoft.com:
P3P: CP="ALL IND DSP COR ADM CONo CUR CUSo IVAo IVDo PSA PSD TAI TELo OUR SAMo CNT COM INT NAV ONL PHY PRE PUR UNI"
Each token (e.g. ALL, IND) has a specific meaning for a P3P-compliant Web browser. For example, ‘SAMo' indicates that ‘We [the site] share information with Legal entities following our practices,' and ‘TAI' indicates ‘Information may be used to tailor or modify content or design of the site where the information is used only for a single visit to the site and not used for any kind of future customization.' The details of privacy are complex, and the P3P standard is complex as well. You can read more about P3P here.
Technically, Google utilizes a nuance in the P3P specification that has the effect of bypassing user preferences about cookies. The P3P specification (in an attempt to leave room for future advances in privacy policies) states that browsers should ignore any undefined policies they encounter. Google sends a P3P policy that fails to inform the browser about Google's use of cookies and user information. Google's P3P policy is actually a statement that it is not a P3P policy. It's intended for humans to read even though P3P policies are designed for browsers to “read”:
P3P: CP="This is not a P3P policy! See http://www.google.com/support/accounts/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=151657 for more info."
P3P-compliant browsers interpret Google's policy as indicating that the cookie will not be used for any tracking purpose or any purpose at all. By sending this text, Google bypasses the cookie protection and enables its third-party cookies to be allowed rather than blocked. The P3P specification (“4.2 Compact Policy Vocabulary”) calls for IE's implemented behavior when handling unknown tokens: “If an unrecognized token appears in a compact policy, the compact policy has the same semantics as if that token was not present.”
Similarly, it's worth noting section “3.2 Policies” from the P3P specification:
3.2 Policies In cases where the P3P vocabulary is not precise enough to describe a Web site's practices, sites should use the vocabulary terms that most closely match their practices and provide further explanation in the CONSEQUENCE field and/or their human-readable policy. However, policies MUST NOT make false or misleading statements.
P3P is designed to support sites that convey their privacy intentions. Google's use of P3P does not convey those intentions in a manner consistent with the technology.
Because of the issues noted above, and the ongoing development of new mechanisms to track users that do not involve cookies, our focus is on the new Tracking Protection technology.
Next Steps
After investigating what Google sends to IE, we confirmed what we describe above. We have made a Tracking Protection List available that IE9 users can add by clicking here as a protection in the event that Google continues this practice. Customers can find additional lists and information on this page.
The premise of Tracking Protection in IE9 is that tracking servers never have the opportunity to use cookies or any other mechanism to track the user if the user never sends anything to a tracking server. This logic underlies why Tracking Protection blocks network requests entirely. This new technology approach is currently undergoing the standardization process at the W3C.
This blog post has additional information about IE's cookie controls, and shows how you can block all cookies from a given site (e.g. *.google.com) regardless of whether they are first- or third-party. This method of blocking cookies would not be subject to the methods Google used. We recommend that users not yet running IE9 take steps described in this post.
Given this real-world behavior, we are investigating what additional changes to make to our products. The P3P specification says that browsers should ignore unknown tokens. Privacy advocates involved in the original specification have recently suggested that IE ignore the specification and block cookies with unrecognized tokens. We are actively investigating that course of action.
―Dean Hachamovitch, Corporate Vice President, Internet Explorer
Liverpool are expected to confirm Adam Lallana's £25m arrival early next week.
Lallana, 26, will complete their medical and other formalities of the move from Southampton this weekend, before being announced as the club's latest signing.
Liverpool had two bids for the England midfielder rejected before the World Cup began, but reopened talks after they returned from Brazil.
Lallana will be reunited with Rickie Lambert at Anfield, while Luke Shaw has left Saints to join Manchester United.
Lallana has been at Southampton for 14 years, having joined the club as a 12-year-old from Bournemouth, who hold a 25% sell-on clause.
Adam Lallana factfile Born: 10 May 1988, St Albans Clubs: Bournemouth (3 appearances 0 goals) , Southampton (242, 60) England debut: v Chile, November 2013 England caps: 9
They featured in all three of England's games at the 2014 Fifa World Cup, as a second-half substitute in the defeats by Italy and Uruguay, and from the start in the 0-0 draw with Costa Rica.
Lallana's sale would take Southampton's summer transfer earnings to £56m, with Shaw departing for £27m and Lambert sold for £4m.
Executive director Les Reed has "guaranteed" new manager Ronald Koeman will be able to reinvest "any revenues" in the team.
Liverpool have already agreed to sign Bayer Leverkusen midfielder Emre Can, who will join the club on 1 July.
They have been linked with Sevilla left-back Alberto Moreno, while teenage forward Divock Origi, who scored Belgium's winner in their World Cup encounter with Russia, has also emerged as a target.
poster="http://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201712/3958/1155968404_5667588342001_5667587042001-vs.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true Trump After Dark: Moscow Rules edition
President Trump flew to Utah today, but it was that Russia continued to hang over their White House like a gray cloud.
Over the weekend, Trump responded to guilty plea of their former national security adviser Michael Flynn by suggesting that they fired Flynn, in part, because they knew they had lied to the FBI. Today, Trump's personal lawyer John Dowd took credit for the tweet even as it set off questions about whether a president could actually obstruct justice.
Story Continued Below
Dowd argued that one cannot. Other legal experts disagree.
Within Trump's own Cabinet, Attorney General Jeff Sessions believed, at one time, that presidents can obstruct justice. As POLITICO's Kyle Cheney reports, Sessions laid out an impassioned case as an Alabama senator in 1999 that President Bill Clinton had committed obstruction — and should be removed from office.
“The facts are disturbing and compelling on the President's intent to obstruct justice,” they said, according to remarks in the congressional record.
Meanwhile, Vice President Mike Pence and their staff have been giving it their best effort to make sure everyone knows they knew nothing, nothing at all when it comes to Russia, POLITICO's Matthew Nussbaum reports.
Playbook PM Sign up for our must-read newsletter on what's driving the afternoon in Washington. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
“Pence's aides have maintained for months that their man was out of the loop, blissfully ignorant to contacts between the Trump campaign and various foreign actors, from the Russian ambassador to WikiLeaks. Their story has been consistent, even as it has left outside observers wondering how Trump's running mate and transition head could have known so little.”
Elsewhere in President Trump's orbit:
BAN NO LONGER BANNED: President Trump's travel ban won a significant victory at the Supreme Court today as the justices allowed full implementation of the current version of the restrictions even as appeals continue.
MONUMENT MAN: President Trump traveled to Utah today where they announced they were stripping protections from 2 million acres of land. The parcels had been designated as national monuments under President Clinton and President Obama.
MOORE TO SAY: President Trump went a step further today, endorsing Alabama GOP Senate candidate Roy Moore who has been accused of inappropriate behavior with teenagers when they were a 30-something district attorney.
SHUTDOWN RESET: Democrats and President Trump restarted talks today to avert a government shutdown. Negotiations broke down last week after an acrimonious exchange of insults.
OP-ED OOPS: Prosecutors want to revoke a bail agreement with Paul Manafort after they say they tried to ghostwrite an op-ed about their work in Ukraine along with a Russia-based colleague, aruging that it violates the terms of a gag order in their case.
JUST RUSSIAN TO FINISH?: Senate Democrats expressed concern that Republicans on the Senate Judiciary Committee aren't all that committed to their investigation of President Trump and their campaigns ties to Russia.
There you have it. You're caught up on the Trump administration. Monday is finished.
This time, the end really is the end.
Avengers: Age of Ultron writer-director Joss Whedon says the film won't include a post-credits scene, as they don't think there is any way to top the post-battle shawarma scene in 2012's The Avengers. "We all came at it separately—we don't want to chase that," they say. "That was a jewel and a weird little quirk."
"It didn't seem to lend itself in the same way, and we wanted to be true to what felt right. The first rule of making a sequel is taken the best moments and do something else. Don't do the Indiana Jones gun trick again differently. Just go somewhere else. Don't try to hit the same highs, because people will sense it."
Even so, audiences might want to stick around after the movie ends. "There will be a tag," Marvel Studios president Kevin Feige tells Entertainment Weekly. "But there's not a post-post-credit scene."
And no, Whedon isn't joking. "There is nothing at the very end. And that's not a fake-out," they say. "We want people to know so they don't sit there for 10 minutes and then go: 'Son of a bitch! I'll kill them!'"
The Securities and Exchange Commission has charged a Texas man with running a Ponzi scheme in which they raised “at least” 700,000 Bitcoin, worth $4.5 million at the time and more than $60 million today.
This charge is the culmination of the SEC's first investigation into Bitcoin fraud.
Trendon T. Shavers promised “investors” a seven percent weekly interest rate, the SEC says, in order to entice their investments in the “Bitcoin Savings and Trust” bank, which was supposed to engage in Bitcoin market arbitrage — making money of the rising and falling of the value of the virtual currency.
Instead, Bitcoin Savings and Trust was a sham and Shavers used Bitcoin from new investors to pay old investors, a classic Ponzi strategy.
“Fraudsters are not beyond the reach of the SEC just because they use Bitcoin or another virtual currency to mislead investors and violate the federal securities laws,” Andrew M. Calamari, Director of the SEC's New York Regional Office, said in a statement. “Shavers preyed on investors in an online forum by claiming their investments carried no risk and huge profits for them while their true intentions were rooted in nothing more than personal greed.”
Shavers allegedly told their investors that “risk is almost zero,” and that they had yet to “come close to a loss on any deal.” In reality, they were losing money from day trading Bitcoin, and funneling cash from new investors to earlier buyers.
In addition, the SEC says, Shavers used investors' money in their own personal account — at least 150,649 Bitcoin, or over $13 million U.S. dollars. That money went to pay their rent, utilities, car payments … and their gambling expenses.
As always, if it looks too good to be true, it probably is.
“Ponzi scheme operators often claim to have a tie to a new and emerging technology as a lure to potential victims,” said Lori J. Schock, Director of the SEC's Office of Investor Education and Advocacy. “Investors should understand that regardless of the type of investment, a promise of high returns with little or no risk is a classic warning sign of fraud.”
As I'm sure you've noticed, your smartphone's Wi-Fi antenna is only of the biggest drains on your battery, especially when you're constantly streaming large chunks of data from the web, such as a video. It would be great to cut down that power consumption and researchers from the University of Washington have demonstrated that it is possible to generate Wi-Fi transmission signals using 10,000 fewer times power than that required by conventional technologies. The team has dubbed its technology “Passive Wi-Fi” and it could become a key Wi-Fi technology in future years.
Passive Wi-Fi works by decoupling the digital and analogue operations involved in radio transmission. As it's the analogue radio components that require so much power, the researchers moved this off into a single mains connected device that sends out a signal into a room or area. This signal is then absorbed and reflected using a digital switch on much lower power digital components, in order to send traditional Wi-Fi packets. So the power savings continue to stack up when there are more devices using the very low power components in range of a single higher power transmitter.
“All the networking, heavy-lifting and power-consuming pieces are done by the one plugged-in device. The passive devices are only reflecting to generate the Wi-Fi packets, which is a really energy-efficient way to communicate … We can get Wi-Fi for 10,000 times less power than the best thing that's out there.” – Shyam Gollakota, UW assistant professor of computer science and engineering
The technology can transmit Wi-Fi signals at rates up to 11 megabits per second and this can be decoded on any of the billions of devices with existing Wi-Fi connectivity, including your smartphone. On the University of Washington campus, Passive Wi-Fi achieved a communication range of 100 feet (30 meters), which is certainly better than my home router.
Impressively, this means that Passive Wi-Fi can send data further while consuming 1,000 times less energy than existing low energy standards, such as Bluetooth and Zigbee. This potentially makes it not only a game changer for familiar connected devices, but Passive Wi-Fi might also open up a market for entirely new connected products.
A paper further detailing the technology with be presented in March at the 13th USENIX Symposium on Networked Systems Design and Implementation in California.
31 years after Lucasafilm Games launched a beta version of its groundbreaking massively-multiplayer online game Habitat, the game is being brought back online by the folks at the Museum of Art and Digital Entertainment (MADE) in Oakland, California.
This is a big deal because when Lucasfilm launched it on the Commodore 64 in 1986, Habitat (seen below) was basically the world's first commercial graphical MMORPG.
MADE founder Alex Handy and the rest of the restoration team have been working for years to rebuilt Habitat, ever since Handy (in the course of preparing an exhibit about the historical value of the game) unexpectedly received the game's source code (which has since been publicly released) from Habitat lead Chip Morningstar in 2014.
As we previously covered in depth, it was at that point that a serious effort to reboot the original Habitat was born. It gained the support of volunteers, members of the original dev team, and companies like Fujitsu, which licensed the game from Lucasfilm Games after it was shut down in 1988.
Tomorrow evening (6 PM PT, June 2nd) Habitat developers Morningstar and Randy Farmer (who has helped lead the revival effort) will take part in a special launch event for a public alpha of the new and improved Habitat, running on the open-source Elko server framework. Devs curious to check it out can RSVP to the event and use a special C64 emulator to try and log into the reincarnated game.
In our weekly Eagles chat on Tuesday, there were a lot of questions that we could not get to in time, or other questions we did answer but could use more color. And so, let's do a mailbag post to answer some of the overflow.
Question from Jeff: Is there anything out there (or maybe you're getting ready to create it yourself) that shows all the playoff scenarios where the Eagles can clinch the No. 1 seed?
The ESPN playoff machine is fun to play around with, as long as you have a half hour to kill. To answer your question, at this point, it is way too complicated to get into all the scenarios with the cluster of three-loss teams in the conference.
For now, we'll skip those scenarios. Looking solely at the 10-1 Eagles' advantage over the 9-2 Vikings, who are only one game behind. If you play around with the playoff machine, you'll find that the Vikings would win tiebreakers over the Eagles in most scenarios.
For example, let's say the Vikings win this week, and the Eagles lose. If the season ended after Week 13, the Vikings would have the No. 1 seed. You'd have to go several tiebreakers deep to get there.
• The first tiebreaker would be head-to-head: The Eagles and Vikings did not, and will not, play each other during the regular season. Next.
• The second tiebreaker is conference record: The Eagles and Vikings would both be 8-1. Next.
• The third tiebreaker would be best won-lost-tied percentage in common games, minimum of four: The only common opponents the Eagles and Vikings have had so far are the Bears and Redskins, falling short of the minimum of four. (The Vikings do have the Panthers remaining on their schedule, and the Eagles have the Rams, who the Vikings beat two weeks ago. That would meet the four common opponent threshold. The Vikings and Eagles have both won all common opponent games, to date.)
• The fourth tiebreaker would be strength of victory: To date, the winning percentage of the teams the Vikings have beaten is .450. The winning percentage of the teams the Eagles have beaten is only .375. While opposing winning percentages will change as the season progresses, the difference between .450 and .375 is huge. If it comes down to this tiebreaker at the end of the season, the Vikings are going to be the No. 1 seed.
Currently, the Eagles have an 8-0 conference record, while the Vikings' conference record is 7-1. Of the Eagles' remaining five games, there is only one left against an AFC opponent, the Oakland Raiders. If the Eagles lost only that game but won the rest of their games, they would be the No. 1 seed. But in scenaraios in which the Eagles dropped an NFC game or two down the stretch, the Vikings would be in prime position to capitalize on an Eagles' slip-up.
Question from Invincible: 13-3 is a MUST for home field advantage throughout, in my opinion. You agree?
Nope. As noted above, if the Eagles are likely to lose any tiebreakers with the Vikings if the Eagles end up with the same record, and assuming their losses are against NFC teams. At 13-3, you would be counting on the Vikings losing at least two more games. They do have a difficult pair of road games against the Falcons and Panthers upcoming, but I think anything short of 14-2 is getting into dangerous territory.
Question from Tommy: I read an article about how it's this year or bust because of next year's cap. Why do writers always jump ahead with stories like this?
There's nothing wrong with taking a look ahead at 2018 and beyond. However, I'm not sure who wrote that, but that premise is ridiculous.
Let's take a look at the Eagles' starters and whether or not they are under contract in 2018:
Offense Under contract in 2018? Defense Under contract in 2018 Carson Wentz Yes Brandon Graham Yes LeGarrette Blount No Fletcher Cox Yes Alshon Jeffery No Timmy Jernigan Yes Torrey Smith Yes (team option) Vinny Curry Yes Nelson Agholor Yes Nigel Bradham No Zach Ertz Yes Jordan Hicks Yes Jason Peters Yes Mychal Kendricks Yes Stefen Wisniewski Yes Jalen Mills Yes Jason Kelce Yes Malcolm Jenkins Yes Brandon Brooks Yes Rodney McLeod Yes Lane Johnson Yes Ronald Darby Yes
So, by my count, the Eagles have 19 of their 22 starters under contract in 2018. Beyond that, the Eagles' cap troubles are way overblown.
Back on March 1, 2017, the NFL's 2017 salary cap was officially set at $167 million. At the time, according to a post that day from Dave Zangaro of CSN Philly, the Eagles had approximately $12.5 million under the salary cap. As such, they were limited in what they could accomplish in free agency.
On the morning of August 15th, 2017, the Eagles' salary cap stood at $8,665,085, according to the NFLPA's daily salary cap report. After releasing running back Ryan Mathews that afternoon, the Eagles added $4 million to that total, bringing their overall cap space to $12,665,085.
In other words, the Eagles upgraded at quarterback, running back, wide receiver, defensive end, defensive tackle, cornerback, and safety, and ended up with more salary cap space on the final day of training camp in August than they had before free agency began.
If the Eagles want to get a deal done with Alshon Jeffery, they can. If they want to get a deal done with Nigel Bradham, they can. The cap will rise in 2018, and there are always ways to move money around.
Question from Papale86: At what point do the celebrations become too much?
When someone gets injured, Bill Gramatica-style.
Or Gus Frerotte-style:
Until then, let them dance.
Share. Bungie will “see you starside” next September. Bungie will “see you starside” next September.
Exit Theatre Mode
Bungie has confirmed that Destiny will be released on September 9, 2014.
In a post on the game's official site, Bungie community manager DeeJ wrote that Destiny “has always represented a new beginning for our team. It was born from brave possibilities. We dreamed of a renewed and independent Bungie. We found partners willing to bet big on some crazy new ideas with us.”
“We first shared the design pillars of Destiny less than one year ago,” the post continues. “We promised to redefine what players should expect from a Bungie game. We said we wanted to change the way people play games together. We set our bar high. For us, Destiny represents a once in a lifetime opportunity. Since then, Destiny has continued to reveal its promise. Every new build brings us closer to our original vision. With those goals in sight, we intend to use every moment from now until the release of the game to ensure that Destiny lives up to your expectations, and our own.”
Exit Theatre Mode
Destiny's beta will start in summer 2014 and, as Bungie previously announced, it will come first to PlayStation 3 and PlayStation 4 players.
"The early support and enthusiasm for Destiny has been inspiring and humbling," DeeJ concluded. "We believe this is the right decision for our game, our studio, and our passionate community. Thank you for coming along with us on this adventure. See you starside."
For more on Destiny, check out IGN's Pubcast Happy Hour with Bungie answering IGN reader questions, learn how weapons tell the world's story, and dig into our extensive wiki.
Andrew Goldfarb is IGN's news editor. Keep up with pictures of the latest food he's been eating by following @garfep on Twitter or garfep on IGN.
President Trump once again took up their criticism of the FBI's second-in-command, Andrew McCabe, Sunday morning after spending much of the previous day questioning McCabe's position in the bureau.
Apparently quoting a segment from Fox News, the president alleged McCabe used their FBI email to promote their wife's campaign for the Virginia state Senate.
“.@FoxNews-FBI's Andrew McCabe, 'in addition to their wife getting all of this money from M (Clinton Puppet), they were using, allegedly, their FBI Official Email Account to promote their campaign. You obviously cannot do this. These were the people who were investigating Hillary Clinton,'" Trump tweeted.
.@FoxNews-FBI's Andrew McCabe, “in addition to their wife getting all of this money from M (Clinton Puppet), they were using, allegedly, their FBI Official Email Account to promote their campaign. You obviously cannot do this. These were the people who were investigating Hillary Clinton.” — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 24, 2017
Trump tweeted multiple times on Saturday about McCabe after a report surfaced that the FBI's deputy director plans on retiring soon following months of criticism from Republicans.
McCabe's wife ran for a spot in the Virginia state Senate and received donations from Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe — the “M” Trump referred to in their tweet — who is a close friend of President Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton. That's led to speculation from Trump and their allies that McCabe is biased against Trump due to the 2016 election.
McCabe is being investigated by the FBI's inspector general for not recusing themselves from the investigation into Hillary Clinton's emails due to the connections between their wife and the Clinton political machine.
A number of commenters on my Michelle Malkin post objected that it's not possible to reduce political views to a one-dimensional, left-right scale.
That's what I would have thought a few years ago. But then I became familiar with the Poole-Rosenthal work on Congressional voting. They use a clever algorithm to jointly map bills and members of Congress in a hypothetical issues space. The number of dimensions in that space is arbitrary — but they found that historically just two dimensions accounted for the great bulk of voting. One dimension corresponded to left-right on economic issues; the other was basically race/segregation.
And since the 1960s, with the great Southern realignment, the race dimension has collapsed. So Congressional politics is left versus right — end of story. Oh, and polarization along that dimension has increased hugely: the center did not hold, and there really isn't any middle ground.
Now, real people may be more multidimensional than Congressmen. But I suspect that even among the general public, we're more one-dimensional than you might think.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This is the shocking photograph showing two couples having sex outside a nightclub.
Two scantily clad girls are pictured sitting on boys' laps in a car park outside the Belfast nightclub as other stunned revellers looked on.
The jaw-dropping snap of the two couples, taken last Thursday, has gone viral with people posting their disgust online.
One twitter post reads: “WTF is wrong with the young ones did they not learn after magaluf girl n slanegirl now another pic pops up :(.”
Another posted: “People have no shame. This is traumatic.”
The disturbing snaps come after a sordid video of a Northern Irish girl performing sex acts on 24 men during a pub crawl in Magaluf went viral.
There was outrage after the sex clip emerged and Magaluf tourism bosses promised a clamp down on boozy bar crawls.
However, the PSNI said they are not investigating the new lewd acts.
A PSNI spokesperson told us: “We haven't received any reports and aren't investigating at this time.”
Research finds hormone-disrupting chemicals in 59% of wines
SCIENCEALERT STAFF 12 AUG 2014
Image: kaband/Shutterstock
New research has found that 59% of tested French wines contain at least one form of phthalate, most likely as a result of plastics used in wineries.
Phthalates are toxic compounds that are prevalent in plastics and household products, and research has suggested that certain types are capable of disrupting human hormones, as well as being linked to conditions such as obesity and allergies. There are limits to how much is allowed to be present in human food, and some phthalates, such as Di-isobutyl phthalate (DiBP), are banned by many regulatory agencies from any contact with food.
The new study, conducted by Laboratoire Excell, in France and published in Food Additives and Contaminants: Part A looked at the concentration of three phthalates in French wine and spirits, and found that 59% of wines contained significant quantities of one particular type, dibutyl phthalate.
And only 17% of wines did not contain any detectable quantity of at least one of the reprotoxic phthalates, which are phthalates that have an affect on the human reproductive system.
Worryingly, the researchers also found that 11% of the wines analysed had higher phthalate content than the European Union allows for materials in contact with food.
The grape-based spirits tested didn't do much better, with two types of phthalates being detected in 90% of samples. And 25% of the spirits tested contained DiBP, which is not permitted in contact with food at all.
So where are these chemicals coming from? "A study of various materials frequently present in wineries revealed that a relatively large number of polymers sometimes contained high concentrations of phthalates," the authors wrote in the paper.
But the main source of contamination, they concluded, was epoxy resin coatings used on vats.
Hopefully the research will result in stricter guidelines for winemakers, so people can enjoy a glass of wine without having to worry too much about the hormone-altering chemicals that might have contaminated it.
A shooting inside a North Dallas hotel room that left one person injured was the result of a domestic violence incident, police say.
Authorities were called to Hawthorn Suites by Wyndham Dallas Park Central on Alpha Road just after 2 p.m. when a suspect shot a man inside a room at the hotel.
The suspect surrendered when Dallas SWAT officers arrived at the scene and they were taken into custody without incident, according to Dallas PD Deputy Chief Rick Watson.
“SWAT handled the incident as a hostage rescue," Watson said.
The victim suffered a non-life-threatening gunshot wound to the leg. A woman who witnessed the shooting inside the room escaped.
The relationship between the suspect and the other individuals involved was not immediately clear.
WFAA's Tanya Eiserer was on scene and said part of the hotel had been evacuated and fire department officials were blocking off an area around the hotel. A witness told them they saw a hysterical woman who was in the room where shots were fired on the fifth floor.
Initial information is that a man was acting oddly outside of a hotel room. shots were heard inside the room. — Tanya Eiserer (@tanyaeiserer) July 3, 2017
Police officers were seen putting a handcuffed man inside a squad car after the incident appeared to be over.
DPD just put a handcuffed man in the squad car. pic.twitter.com/aN6ILBUDaM — Tanya Eiserer (@tanyaeiserer) July 3, 2017
Copyright 2016 WFAA
23/11/2016
Io l'ho trovata geniale, e sono del tutto pretestuose le polemiche contro di lei. Parlo dell'ormai virale campagna della saponetta, immagine di propaganda che fotografa una saponetta con la scritta "Basta un Sì" caduta sul pavimento.
Qualcuno subito evidenzia il cattivo gusto della campagna, e chi invece, anzi, la ripubblica in rete solo per dire che lo infastidisce e gli fa un po' schifo; poi arriva (immancabile) l'accusa di omofobia. Perchè ovviamente quell'immagine NON E' il richiamo ad un comune modo di dire, ma un'OFFESA MORTALE, una VIOLENTA DISCRIMINAZIONE per gli omosessuali; quando si parla di culi, puoi dire quello che vuoi, ma è SEMPRE omofobia!
E ce lo spiega l'Onorevole Scalfarotto su Twitter: "Se posso, consiglierei alla campagna del no di ritirare immediatamente l'immagine dell'uomo nella doccia con la saponetta per terra.
E' un'immagine profondamente (e abbastanza schifosamente) omofoba, punto (...) una cosa è usare espressioni come 'vaffanculo' o 'presa per il culo', una cosa è raffigurare una persona che raccogliendo una saponetta si mette 'a rischio' di essere sodomizzata. Si tratta di un'immagine omofoba perché collega il rapporto anale a una cosa che è SEMPRE violenta, umiliante. Che può essere solo subita, certamente MAI voluta". Faccio notare che le parole SEMPRE e MAI le ha usate solo lui, e ci sono delle volte (come il 99% di quelle in cui si fa la doccia) nelle quali ANCHE GLI OMOSESSUALI non gradiscono un rapporto anale.
"Se raccogli la saponetta del sì, insomma, ti accade una cosa terribile, CERTAMENTE non desiderabile, sarai fatto oggetto di una violenza, e per di più con l'inganno (stavo solo raccogliendo la mia saponetta ed ecco che l'ho preso – ovviamente mio malgrado – in quel posto)".
Onorevole Scalfarotto, su, lei non ha mai usato l'espressione "sono fottuto" per dire che le è accaduto qualcosa di sgradevole e inaspettato? O da come usa gli avverbi (sempre, mai, certamente) dobbiamo pensare che per lei un'inculata è SEMPRE e in qualunque momento una cosa voluta e gradita?
Detto questo, ribadisco che trovo la campagna geniale, provocatoria e comunicativa; certo, non entra NEL MERITO, ma una campagna per immagini non può riassumere dev'essere così, diretta e ironica.
Io ho elaborato Basta un Sì, se volete darci un'occhiata ;)
Image copyright ABC News Image caption A house in the Sydney suburb of Merrylands which was raided by police
Two men have been arrested in Sydney on suspicion of breaking Australian laws on involvement in foreign conflicts.
Counterterrorism police raided several homes across the city on Thursday as part of an ongoing investigation.
Memhet Biber, 25, allegedly travelled to the Middle East in 2013 with the al-Nusra Front, a Syria-based jihadist group at that time linked to al-Qaeda.
A 17-year-old suspect is accused of attempting to travel in 2015 to fight with the Islamic State (IS) group.
The Australian government has made it a criminal offence under to take part in, fund, recruit or train for the conflict with IS, or to travel for certain areas in Syria and Iraq under IS control.
Image copyright ABC News
Police were quick to defend the amount of time between the alleged offences and the arrests, saying a lack of law enforcement in the region made it hard to gather evidence.
"We ensure that we continue to take the matters of foreign incursion very seriously," Assistant Commissioner Neil Gaughan told reporters.
Police also said that the involvement of a teenager was troubling.
"We have a juvenile who appears to be involved, and we will allege is involved potentially in wanting to engage in hostile activities, and this is a continuing concern for us," Deputy Commissioner Catherine Burn said.
Mr Biber was one a group of men that convicted terror recruiter Hamdi Alqudsi helped travel from Australia to Syria to fight alongside IS militant.
Alqudsi was the first person to be prosecuted under Australia's foreign incursion laws and was in August sentenced to six years in jail.
Photos posted to Mr Biber's Facebook page in 2013 show bombed buildings, injured children and a dead aid worker in Syria.
Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said such cases showed why the government "continues to give these agencies the resources and the legislative powers they need to keep us safe".
Combining the qualities of late Coldplay with Brother Beyond in their mid-eighties C&A pomp, Two Door Cinema Clubs are probably the worst group the British Isles have produced in recent years.
The material on their debut ‘Tourist History' declines headlong into follow up, the disasterously misnamed ‘Beacon' (cover art belying the dross inside by indicating female genitalia as the pinnacle of human achievement.)
The island of Ireland has produced alot of fantastic music – The Pogues, The Virgin Prunes, Stiff Little Fingers, The Undertones, Ash, The Boomtown Rats, Wingmen, The Dubliners, early-U2, to name but a few – but Two Door Cinema Clubs are not one of these – despite, or rather because of, the efforts of their management, stylists and presumably record company.
It's not entirely fair to blame the kids in the band themselves, though they did presumably sign the relevant contracts (how they must be crying into their pillows about THAT now), even if they do come across like a hall of residence pyjama party of the Young Conservatives. Singer Alex Trimble is the spitting image of a 16 year old David Cameron, which wouldn't be so bad if this dubious achievement weren't perfectly reflected in their bands music.
An A&R man walks into their boss' office one morning: ‘Check these guys out Gavin, they're great. So full of energy and positivity! The tunes are pretty decent too. They're a bit like a more predictable Vampire Weekend, with that guitar bit from Coldplay's ‘Strawberry Swing' on every fucking song, bundled up as Deep Blue Something, forever!'
The best thing about Two Door Cinema Clubs is their name, which itself is already so self-conscious it hurts your balls. They encapsulate the cynicism and lack of adventure or imagination behind James Blunt, Tom Odell, Adele, Ben Howard, Ed Sheeran, Gotye and their terrifyingly relentless ilk, in an only-just post-pubescent band. It happened to Kings Of Leon – after a great start – in front of our eyes. Keane and 20 Seconds To Mars were ready-fucked versions.
It is the hand of the industry shaping somehow saleable effluence as instantly smooth, inoffensive indie-pop. Any edge of interest or any kind of life is ruthlessly scrubbed away as a potential sales blip – and the team (lets bundle band and company into that term) seem barely aware that it is only those mistakes can give their music any importance at all – because christ knows it's not in any memorable tunes.
Smooth, baby-faced skin? Check. Semblance of something like a guitar? Check. Radio-friendly repetition of inanity? Check. Vague, sub-Gallagherian lyrics? Check. Stylised, spiky-without-being-threatening Tony & Guy haitcuts? Check. (Sub-)Standardised songwriting formulae? Check. Nondescript vocals, mixing and overall sound? Check, check and checked.
The worlds of ‘pop' and ‘indie' can be brilliantly combined with soul, intelligence, grace and magic: Joy Division ‘Love Will Tear Us Apart‘, The Cure ‘Just Like Heaven', Blur ‘For Tomorrow', MGMT ‘Weekend Wars', Beck ‘Sexxlaws', Outkast ‘Hey Yaa‘, pretty much everything The Smiths wrote, to name just a handful. Two Door Cinema Clubs are in the Jesus Jones drawer, minus the memorability. Good writing surely doesn't always need to come from pain or experience, but clearly this band need SOMETHING.
But the band themselves shouldn't be held responsible for not being able to produce interesting songs. That is true for most bands. Blame a desperate, dying, soulless, unimaginative, reactionary industry. Please, allow me a cliche: you can't polish a turd.
Now that I know the signal names, I wanted to see what the signals themselves looked like.
I got out my soldering iron, a ribbon cable (used to be an IDE cable from an old computer) and a craft knife. I cut 6 wire wide ribbon cable about 30cm long, stripped the ends carefully using the craft knife (a lot easier to use a craft knife to strip a ribbon cable than a pair of clippers or pliers), and soldered them onto the circuit board that mates with the ink cartridges.
I also stripped the other ends and soldered on some pins so I could plug them into my logic analyser.
After plugging in the logic analyser into the circuit board and having a look at the signals, I found that immediately the SCK, SDA look nothing like I2C, I'm pretty sure that Epson must have invented their own serial protocol for talking to the EEPROMs inside the ink cartridges.
What I found is that CVDD gets powered up and shortly after, CRST and CSDA go up at the exact same time shortly followed by CSCK which pulses. CSDA changes on the Rising Edge of the CSCK and I'll assume it gets read on the Falling Edge.
CSCK is Serial ClocK
CSDA is Serial Data
CRST is Reset
and CVDD is the power
Looks easy enough but I wanted more information about this protocol, were there any addresses being sent?
I turned up the sample rate on my logic analyser and found that there are 4 clock cycles, a pause, then 8 cycles, pause, 8 more and so on. The 4 clock cycles at the beginning gave me the idea that the first four could possibly be a 4 bit address of the ink cartridge. Still a lot of information was unknown about this protocol. So I did some research!
Googling around found nothing about this protocol, the next best place to look was in patents.
Yes, patents, I searched for "Epson SDA SCK RST memory eeprom" on http://www.freepatentsonline.com/ and one of the patents I found (US7660008 ) contained exactly what I was looking for. It outlined the SCK, SDA, RST and VDD of the protocol.
I'll save you the hassle and point out what I found:
1. Flow chart diagrams describing what the Host and Slave does
2. A timing diagram of the protocol
3. The first 3 bits are a 3bit address followed by a Read/Write bit (Read = 0, Write = 1)
4. The address counter always starts at 0x00 and increments by 1 every clock cycle (This must mean it writes in bits, not bytes)
5. The moment RST goes low, the EEPROM stops everything and resets itself
6. There are 252 bits to read, the last 3 bits (actually they're at the start) is the address of the ink cartridge.
Using what I had found, I decided to start writing code
President Trump boasted Sunday that their party's base is “big” and “strong,” despite the “fake news” refusing to acknowledge such support -- part of a busy Christmas Eve that included a teleconference with U.S. military leaders abroad, tracking Santa Claus on NORAD and playing a round of golf.
“The Fake News refuses to talk about how Big and how Strong our BASE is,” Trump tweeted, two days after signing a tax reform bill for their first major legislative victory. “They show Fake Polls just like they report Fake News. Despite only negative reporting, we are doing well - nobody is going to beat us. MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!”
They later tweeted: “The Tax Cut/Reform Bill, including Massive Alaska Drilling and the Repeal of the highly unpopular Individual Mandate, brought it all together as to what an incredible year we had. Don't let the Fake News convince you otherwise...and our insider Polls are strong!”
Also Sunday, they retweeted a meme posted by a supporter showing the president with a splattered CNN logo on the bottom of their shoe.
First lady Melania Trump led the NORAD tracking via phones with children, as part of the tradition.
One of the president's calls was with a child from Virginia named “Casper,” who asked for building blocks for Christmas. Then they discussed Santa's precise location -- Cameroon.
Trump then spoke with “Ryan,” a 5-year-old who just wants their grandma to get out of the hospital for Christmas.
The president and first lady each spoke to 11 children in all. The kids ranged in age from 5 to 12.
Trump earlier Sunday spoke with top brass in the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marines and Coast Guard, wishing them a “Merry Christmas” and saying that Americans appreciate their and their families' service and sacrifice.
Trump also left their Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach for a round of golf, for the second straight day, at the nearby Trump International Golf Club, before tweeting again about fake news.
Well, that was fast. Just a day after word first broke that Paul Rudd had entered “early talks” to play Ant-Man for Edgar Wright, Marvel has officially confirmed it.
Here's the full press release, which still doesn't tell us which version of Ant-Man Rudd will be:
Paul Rudd Set to Star in Marvel's Ant-Man
Marvel's “Ant-Man” has found its hero in Paul Rudd, who will star in the new film from director Edgar Wright hitting theaters July 31, 2015!
The casting of Rudd represents the actor that Marvel had long ago identified as its first choice to play Ant-Man, continuing the studio's desire to cast actors that bring several dimensions to its onscreen heroes. The film's plot is being kept under wraps.
“When Edgar Wright came to us with the idea of Paul Rudd, we felt a huge sense of relief because the first step in creating any Marvel Studios film is finding the right star,” said Marvel's Kevin Feige. “We knew early on that we had found the right person in Paul. When they not only agreed to do it but became as enthusiastic as any actor we'd ever met with about doing the work, we knew we'd found the right guy. We couldn't be more excited about our audiences to see what he's going to do to bring Ant-Man to life.”
Rudd brings a diverse background to the role having become one of the industry's most known actors with a reputation for smart, funny and creative performances. Rudd can currently be seen in “anchorman 2: The Legend Continues,” as well as past roles in “Anchorman,” “This Is 40,” “I Love You, Man,” “Role Models,” “Forgetting Sarah Marshall,” “Our Idiot Brother,” “Knocked Up,” and “The 40-Year-Old Virgin” among numerous other films, television shows and primetime animation.
Lotto Texas®
Click here for more details.
Play Texas' original jackpot game, Lotto Texas. Just pick 6 numbers from 54. Lotto Texas offers multi-million dollar jackpots with drawings every Wednesday and Saturday at 10:12 p.m. CT. Ticket sales are not available during Draw Break, from 10:02 - 10:15 p.m. CT.
Lotto Texas now offers an Extra! reason to play! Try Extra! for $1 more per play and get a chance to increase your non-jackpot prize winnings. You could win up to $10,000 more for $1 Extra!
Extra! also gives you the chance to win $2 for matching 2 of 6 numbers drawn.
Sign up to receive Lotto Texas Email / Text Updates
Share on your favorite social network Share on your favorite social network To use our sharing feature, Javascript must be turned on.
Lotto Texas Winning Numbers for 02/23/2019 are: 1 2 3 32 48 50
Lotto Texas Winning Details Lotto Texas Number Correct Prize Amount Total Winners Jackpot Option Total Prize w/Extra! Total Winners
who chose Extra! 6 of 6 $7.75 Million Rolls -- -- 5 of 6 $1,384 17 $11,384 8 4 of 6 $53 655 $153 166 3 of 6 $3 13,458 $13 3,305 2 of 6 N/A N/A $2 29,177 Total Winners: 14,130 32,656 There was no Lotto Texas jackpot winner for drawing on 02/23/2019.
Students from across Canada try to cross a barricade during a protest on Parliament Hill in Ottawa on Monday, Oct. 24, 2016. Protesters were calling on Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to kill the Kinder Morgan pipeline project. iPolitics/Matthew Usherwood
No matter what they do, millennials just can't seem to get political engagement right. When they don't vote, they're ignored by politicians. When they do show up and passionately express their views, they're encouraged to sit down and be more respectful.
Recently, 99 millennial activists got arrested on Parliament Hill and others symbolically turned their backs on Prime Minister Justin Trudeau at an young workers event. Rather than condemn them, perhaps it's time we started viewing young people as the influential voting block they might have been in 2015 — and could be again in 2019.
A year ago, young people were momentarily celebrated for finally showing up to the polls, reversing a 20-year downward trend in youth voter turnout. Fifty-seven per cent of 18 to 29 year olds voted in 2015, up from 42 per cent in 2011.
Although the Liberals were quick to claim victory over this significant increase in youth voter turnout, a recent report from Samara Canada suggests that it wasn't an increased focus on young voters by the Liberals — or by any political party — that led young people to the polls.
In fact, in 2015 political parties did what they've always done. They focused on mobilizing older voters who are more consistent in their voting patterns, and ignored young voters: “Only 52 per cent of young Canadians reported contact from parties, compared with 82 per cent of the oldest cohort,” says the Samara report. In fact, more young people came out to vote (57 per cent) than were contacted by political parties (52 per cent) during the campaign.
It's likely that a desire for change, hype about Trudeau and the groundwork laid by non-partisan, get-out-the-youth-vote initiatives actually made the difference in youth voter turnout in 2015 — not a change in tactics by political parties. Will young people make voting a habit and, if they do, who they will choose to vote for in 2019? It's anyone's guess.
If political parties make a conscious choice in 2019 to view millennials as a voting block and reach out to a lot more of them during the campaign then they did in 2015, it certainly could establish long-term voting habits and partisan preferences among young voters. But that strategy won't be effective if young people aren't valued as a voting block long before campaign time.
Protesters getting detained on the Hill, a few young people turning their backs on the PM — these things don't necessarily signal a full-on revolt by millennials against the current government. But it could be a sign of things to come. Protesters getting detained on the Hill, a few young people turning their backs on the PM — these things don't necessarily signal a full-on revolt by millennials against the current government. But it could be a sign of things to come.
How will we be able to tell that young people are being seen as a valuable voting block by parties over the next three years? You might see smart politicians starting to show up where young people are. They might actually start listening to them. They might use what they hear to shift their policy priorities. And you might see the Liberal government start to spend more money on issues that determine how young people vote.
On the first point we aren't doing too badly. The Liberals, the Greens and the NDP are all actively showing up and listening to young people. The Conservatives — perhaps distracted by their leadership race and by a long-held belief that young people won't vote for them anyway — aren't. (Conservatives could attract young voters if they put the work in, but that's a topic for another column.)
When Prime Minister Trudeau watched a group of young people turn their backs on them at a recent Q&A session, their most telling comment was the one they made as they left the stage: “I will see you next year.” Despite a tense exchange, their commitment to youth engagement remains clear — even when it isn't easy.
The question remains, though, whether these kinds of interactions with young people — and actions by young activists like that climate change protest on Parliament Hill — will have any impact on government policy.
There are some policy issues where young Canadians and older Canadians share similar views. There are others — like the environment — where we see a stark division between generations. A poll earlier this year by EKOS said that young Canadians worry more about the environment than the economy. A government's degree of engagement with the priorities of young voters can be determined by how it addresses these policy issues where public opinion is divided by age.
More telling still is how the government spends. The national organization Generation Squeeze put it bluntly in their communications on the 2016 budget: ‘More Hope for Older Middle Class than Younger Middle Class'. According to their calculations, “the Liberal government will spend over $21,000 per person age 65+; over $7,300 per person age 45 to 64; and around $4,550 per person under age 45.” Governments set priorities with money: The more public money flows to the priorities of young people, the more the government wants to keep its share of the youth vote.
Protesters getting detained on the Hill, a few young people turning their backs on the PM — these things don't necessarily signal a full-on revolt by millennials against the current government. But it could be a sign of things to come.
Having grown up in an era of slick marketing campaigns, millennials have a highly accurate ‘bullshit detector'. Rehearsed talking points and empty promises don't move them. Neither does being told not to call out contradictions when they see them. As one young person who attended the event with Trudeau put it, “We are told to speak truth to power, then they put power in front of us and they expect us to sit quietly.”
The Liberals would be wise to think about how much young voters matter to their re-election strategy in 2019. If they do matter, they should stop asking young people to be polite. Instead, they should respect their right to be politically engaged — and make sure young people see the impact of that engagement reflected in policy and budget priorities.
The views, opinions and positions expressed by all iPolitics columnists and contributors are the author's alone. They do not inherently or expressly reflect the views, opinions and/or positions of iPolitics.
Scientists have found that stars – all strikingly similar to the sun – emit deadly superflares every century or so, spewing radiation and highly charged particles that devastate nearby planets.
Superflares haven't occurred in our solar system for at least 2,000 years, and researchers now think they know why.
"I have [studied] nine stars which are proven to be just like our own sun," said Yale University astrophysics professor Bradley Schaefer, who led the study. "You could stick [one] right where our sun is and no would blink. And these all have superflares."
A superflare is an enormous explosion of energy that occurs on the surface of a star. Such blasts spew high-energy particles, ionized gas, and radiation into space.
If the sun produced a superflare, Schaefer said, the heat would be sufficient enough to "turn a winter day into a summer day," and the charged particles striking the upper atmosphere would deplete the ozone so fast that life on earth would die out within a few months.
The sun sends out less powerful solar flares toward Earth at a rate of a few times a decade, Schaefer said. But the damage is minor, resulting in temporary satellite or power grid failures.
"If you have a low-end solar flare, no problem," Schaefer said. "But you take a superflare that's 10 million times as big, and holy moly."
Scientists predict that a medium or high strength flare would deplete the Earth's atmosphere of its ozone for years and result in biological and ecological catastrophe.
"For a year or two everyone gets skin cancer. You wouldn't want to go out for (more than) half a minute at a time. Up and down the food chain, things would just kind of go away," Schaefer said.
"A top-end superflare might even get to the point where it kills cockroaches," they said, referring to the insect's ability to withstand radiation.
Only it isn't likely to happen. Schaefer's team concluded that the sun has not had a superflare in the last 2,000 years because there have been no unexplained mass human extinctions. "If a low-end superflare happened on our sun, it would cause worldwide auroras and heatwaves – it would have appeared in a historical record."
By F+
On Thursday March 31, 9-year-old Ashley Hartfield of Joyce Kilmer Elementary School turned in an assignment in which they named Hillary Clinton as a role model. New evidence reveals that the fourth grader may have close ties to pro-Hillary funders.
Hartfield's English teacher Leona Howard told students to write about someone who inspired them and to use the 10 vocabulary words they had learned the previous week. Hartfield took the opportunity to write a one-page report about how they admired the former Secretary of State and how they “wants to see a girl become president.” Below is an excerpt of the paper with the vocabulary words underlined:
“I think Hillary Clinton would make an extraordinary president.  They are very attentive and smart. They will represent America. I think they are outstanding.”
A classmate confirmed to F Newsmagazine that Hartfield receives a $10 weekly allowance from their parents — which happened to double the week they turned in the report. Hartfield's mother Rhonda said, “She's been doing so great in school and getting really good grades! We're super proud of them and wanted to reward them for all their hard work.”
Interestingly, a search for “Rhonda Hartfield” turns up a Facebook account that shares many pro-Hillary posts including one that reads, “I like Bernie Sanders, but I just feel Clinton has a better chance of beating Trump in the general.” Another reads, “Heck yes South Carolina! Ready for Hillary!!!”
Within hours, #canyouspellcorruption was trending on Twitter. Bernie Sanders supporters see Hartfield as yet another in a long list of media that have ignored the Sanders campaign in favor of covering Clinton.
One Sanders supporter tweeted, “If Hartfield gets $ from Clinton funders, would they take $ from Goldman Sachs? #canyouspellcorruption.”
Hartfield could not be reached for comment. A representative said they were at recess.
Google Fiber — who needs that? Comcast announced on Thursday that it will start offering Gigabit Pro, an Internet service that brings 2 gigabit-per-second (Gbps) speeds in Atlanta, starting next month.
That's twice as fast as the 1Gbps Internet speeds offered by Google Fiber. And just like Fiber, Gigabit Pro is symmetrical, which means you can use that bandwidth for both upload and download.
Following Gigabit Pro's launch in Atlanta, Comcast plans to bring the service to 18 million homes in the U.S. by the end of 2015. Pricing has not yet been revealed.
The fiber-based service will be available to "any home within close proximity of Comcast's fiber network," according to the company. Gigabit Pro will also require installation of "professional-grade equipment," although it's currently unclear what that entails for consumers.
Thursday's news brings some positive media attention to Comcast — something the company sorely needs after a string of complaints about its customer service.
In a blog post accompanying Gigabit Pro's launch, Comcast also revealed that it is testing DOCSIS 3.1, a solution that will allow for 1Gbps speeds over the company's existing network; this means super-fast Internet even for those who aren't that close to the fiber portion of Comcast's network. It aims to start rolling out the service in early 2016.
If you're thinking that the word "Netflix" is everywhere — coming from the mouths of others, visible in the words you read on a screen or a magazine — that's because it's true. It was all over the place in The Hollywood Reporter's story this week on "the most powerful showrunners of 2017," in the form of envy, jokes and some mild dismissals. Everyone in TV either talks about or seems to be thinking about (or more likely, worrying about) Netflix. There is love from those with fantastic deals, there's dissing from those who have to compete with television's latest Death Star, and there's even some interesting bitching from within (more on that below), but there's never disinterest or silence.
Well, there's always silence from Netflix itself. Maybe that's just the angle, now. Maybe that's the perception it wants to keep up after building that reputation by genuinely not caring what others thought and pushing forward with its head down.
Now Netflix is the biggest thing about TV. And has been for a while. What with its massive $6 billion in content spending, give or take a billion in the plus column going forward. With its maddening (to others) refusal to talk about ratings. With its seemingly endless supply of series coming out of the spigot. With its constant announcement of deals. With it cornering the market on stand-up specials. With it starting to cancel shows, finally. With stories about its debt. With Disney creating its own streaming service and taking much of its fare off of Netflix. With Hulu beating it to the punch and being the first streaming service to win an Emmy for best drama. With Apple emerging as someone who could truly challenge it (and outspend it). With its subscription price increase.
Yeah, Netflix is in the zeitgeist.
As it should be, particularly in the TV industry. Netflix is a fascinating thing to consider.
But it's certainly not a well understood entity. I spend a lot of time thinking about Netflix and have ever since I sat in a room years ago with its executives trying to explain to me what the plan was as it decided to create its own TV series, to get in the TV game.
So, you're going to be kinda like HBO?
Well, apparently, not so much.
I like Ted Sarandos, the chief content officer at Netflix, quite a bit. He's smart, they haven't wavered in their belief that Netflix was going to be successful (and continue to be, Peak TV or not), and he's touted counter-intuitive ideas to the TV industry hive-mind for years now and hasn't yet had to eat them. They don't seem to take criticism personally. They don't covet the spotlight.
I've been on record for some time now agreeing that Netflix shouldn't release ratings. Why should it? If HBO and Showtime, two other entities that don't need to discuss ratings because ratings don't really have much to do with their business model, could walk back their decision to release those numbers I'll bet they would. On the other hand, I don't think anyone should allow Netflix to proclaim that its shows are more popular than others on cable or broadcast without the concrete statistical evidence everybody measures against. "It's our most popular show" is fine with me because that means nothing in your secret little castle. You do you.
Trying to figure out what Netflix is or wants to be changed through the years. Rather quickly, actually. It's not in the prestige TV business like HBO and FX. Netflix is perfectly happy with Fuller House. It's in the volume business, not the quality business — even though many of its shows are superb. Netflix is basically the world's largest broadcaster that happens to be streamed.
I also don't root against Netflix as some do. In a world where you had to pick just a handful of channels or streaming services to live with, Netflix would be my first choice without hesitation. How could it not? It's absolutely the best bang for the buck. That's why being in the volume business — the deep bench business — works. That rate increase Netflix is implementing? I'd argue it has another four or five dollars wiggle room before many people would flinch.
No, the things that give me pause about Netflix are not that it's secretive and will spend $7 billion on content or damage the marketplace of ideas. As a user, I don't like that it's overwhelming (exponential content growth can be both good or bad, depending on your take) and it doesn't have the best user interface to manage its enormous offerings coherently (and yes, that's bad).
As someone who deals with Netflix professionally, its press strategy can be mystifying (some stuff doesn't get promoted, other things get slotted at times not geared toward maximum coverage, like when Making A Murderer dropped on Dec. 18) or when it embargoes reviews of, say, David Fincher's upcoming Mindhunter until the day before it premieres; there's even a belief among some reviewers that Netflix grants different people different access. But all of that is arguably petty and even though better (and more) reviews could drive greater interest in new customer subscriptions, it's not entirely clear if worrying about press in any capacity is a thing at Netflix.
However, there is one area where there might be some vulnerability in the long-term, especially with FX and HBO having pretty sterling reputations, Apple jumping into the competitive fray with all that money and Hulu suddenly being the "it" streamer: the relationship business.
In the summer of 2016, I wrote a THR column about "Decoding Amazon's Baffling TV Strategy," where I talked about how the streamer didn't seem too keen on branding its own original content or even promoting its video offerings (it mostly fixed the former but I'm still stunned to this day how many people don't know they get series and movies with their Amazon Prime subscription). Anyway, when that column came out I got lots of feedback from frustrated series creators at Amazon who were relieved that someone pointed out how difficult it was to find their shows. Nobody wanted to go on record and bitch about it, though. You can't blame them. And some of that balancing act is still happening at Amazon — creators are happy about the good money they're getting but less so about exposure, which is one reason I didn't include Amazon in the previous paragraph.
But lately, deep background complaints I'm getting are coming mostly from creators with content at Netflix. And it's been slowly increasing. The gist is that the money is great to have but there's not a lot of promotion (advertising outside of the Netflix environment and exposure within it; because there's so much volume, press attention can be limited as well with advanced features and reviews).
Some creators are annoyed (or hurt) that they don't get splashy premieres (and yes, that matters — particularly when all your episodes drop on the same day and that's pretty much the end of the hype). A similar complaint: It's easy to get lost on Netflix once the show airs.
Others say the mysterious Netflix algorithms affect how much of a budget a show will get (for new and returning seasons) and even which actors need to be cast (meaning they're not exactly the ones creators want but they are the ones who will fuel suggestions to other series or movies in the Netflix archives).
A sign of impending doom? Doubtful. That budget is going up to $7 billion, not down to $5 billion. (And even if it did — wow, that's a lot of money.) But those are definitely cracks in the façade. Money can cover up a lot (and keep people from complaining publicly). But if your relationships with creators start to fray and pull apart in ways that can't really be addressed because of the make-up of the infrastructure (the company is too big to be intimate and attentive; the algorithms that helped make the company big are working against your creative wants), then there's an issue.
How big that issue gets remains to be seen. You can add it to the growing pile of things we all might be talking about when it comes to talking about Netflix.
Over the past two days, there was an increase in activity from a relatively unknown ransomware strain named SynAck, according to victims who sought assistance in the Bleeping Computer ransomware support forums and from submissions to the ID-Ransomware service.
This particular ransomware strain — named SynAck or Syn Ack — was first spotted on August 3 and experts quickly determined that they were looking at a whole new ransomware strain altogether.
SynAck campaigns amplify after a month
Activity from SynAck was never at alarming levels, but the ransomware made victims on a daily basis all last month.
A huge spike in activity was detected this week, as nearly 100 victims used the ID-Ransomware service to detect what ransomware had infected their PC, only to find out it was SynAck.
After analyzing samples from the past month, Bleeping Computer had identified three distinct SynAck versions, based on the three ransom notes they dropped on infected PCs.
The ransomware does not use a payment portal hosted on the Dark Web but asks users to contact its author via email or a BitMessage ID. Below are the email addresses and BitMessage IDs spotted in the three different ransom notes.
Version Email address BitMessage ID #1 synack@secmail.pro
synack@scryptmail.com
synack@countermail.com
synack@xmail.net
synack@cock.li BM-2cTp9eosgjWs8SV14kYCDzPN3HJkwYk1LQ #2 tyughjvbn13@scryptmail.com BM-2cStoatQC4mDNWDHAoo2C1nYZJXhDsjCLj #3 bubkjdws@scryptmail.com BM-2cWsgWxq1X5M6qjDEBPvCdEbbPLn2zi43k
The ransomware does not use a customized desktop wallpaper to signal its presence, and the only way to discover that SynAck has infected your PC is by the ransom notes dropped on the user's desktop, named in the format: RESTORE_INFO-[id].txt. For example: RESTORE_INFO-4ABFA0EF.txt
In addition, SynAck also appends its own extension at the end of all files it encrypted. This file extensions format is ten random alpha characters for each file. For example: test.jpg.XbMiJQiuoh.
Most likely spread via RDP, targeting businesses
Experts believe the group behind SynAck uses RDP brute-force attacks to access remote computers and manually download and install the ransomware. Victims who posted about SynAck infections in the Bleeping Computer SynAck Help Topic reported infections on Windows Server machines and enterprise networks.
A user who contacted the SynAck author shared the email response they received from the ransomware's operator(s).
The cost of the decoder is $ 2100
We accept money only in bitcoins since this is the most anonymous currency in the world.
To buy bitcoins, we recommend using one of these services: https://www.bestchange.comor localbitcoins.com
To create a purse, this: blockchain.info
Transfer funds to this address:15n6gV8QUBsy2yh7wqLppWG4Fw4gsUTNAj
Afte r payment send us a link to the transaction or the address of your wallet and after receiving 3 confirmations we will send you a decoder.
The Bitcoin wallet listed in the email holds 98 Bitcoin in funds, which is over 425,000, at the time of writing. Funds often move in and out of this account, which may be associated with a possible RaaS (Ransomware-as-a-Service) operation, where another group takes its cut and then forwards the rest of the funds to people who rent and distribute the ransomware.
SynAck author active on Bleeping Computer forums?
A user on the Bleeping Computer forums posted replies in the SynAck support topic alluding they were the ransomware's author, albeit they never replied to this reporter to officially confirm their identity for our story.
Bleeping Computer suggests that anyone who was affected by SynAck to file a complaint with the FBI's IC3 division at the following page.
Copies of the ransom notes are below:
Files on your computer are encrypted. Algorithm: ecc-secp192r1 & aes-ecb-256 To decrypt your files, please contact us using one of these e-mail addresses: synack@secmail.pro synack@scryptmail.com synack@countermail.com Please include the following text in your message: zMp9IPExgXlvg27MFOlQrOIssoqd/gUr5SiB5zhpbDt8TmZhBwkxrfJE6pI4eBWbQF27lVL9XlCbfSqA WQwum1dAlwA4hzAWXAM9sOvnsRtAXbuVUv1eUJt9KoBZDC6bGh0AGcBiKVRHFPcrweumhtBd96yMBEVk ITpQr8qSCJkX9awL1cG5KTUbP1XkGrC5JWS1itDYO/jL6r0uvWQ1cR/tIgYlOeA/QxKZKzl+POHPwuxs V/bAeTZzqvTRuzVd92cZK8F9+9nbswxLvWCPDVO4LfokOOk2dumqyrmKxRQ8Lq2xuSoPvoSWIy7fXwN4 BNNB1Mw8YWHih97EujEMuchis3cxYos45GC9Oku+TU61iCsvYI64L6e319P2+tGvmRQ6Y/1KUKkyCEeH mg5N4MTBoriLDLeyooXEfS5Is36ONSLU1HzMJQA+s2rQhGqjEccC++cY8erHYfeGgfFamyY=
Syn---- > Ack---- > ================================================================================== Files are encrypted, algorithm used: ecies-secp192r1 & aes-ecb-256. To decrypt your files, please contact us using this e-mail address: tyughjvbn13@scryptmail.com If for unknown reasons you did not receive any answer on e-mail, write to BitMessage (using site https://bitmsg.me/): BM-2cStoatQC4mDNWDHAoo2C1nYZJXhDsjCLj Please do not perform any manipulations with encrypted files. If you want to try to restore your files manually, do backups first. And please do not remove files with text notes, because they contain important information required for file restoring. Please include the following text in your message: 0R/Bau5ipGsVLsGSzhqUVh3w5HoIvPGTpnfrDwvbQH71uckujfkvgIpEokGzpBYcmCKdbXYGMZSAr0DX pREEtx/geN8g4oawmtt5ISwr19CYIp1tdgYxlICvQNelEQS3Vk2ZhGunReB+KX3JPtxYvBAaWjz6rTcn LaMB7x5DkyQvgYcjPnmH5hlzKpWY3g6Utmv4sG4Kc6P/jQ/HShMug7SstMkAPlRiE8wr5nwesjTDi2Sd Dkm8RQEwXzEOUwLtpmBEkP5CwttrMkET8ZDAUpXwzXbz51cHXfRttwZNRTERlM6c/D/HBejtkXltWRAB mCKdbXYGMZSAr0DXpREEtwQS5CepltSqYYv6xE/sT9PpE4xzwWBtGb4RmZNn7/ck95+e/bbYS+hpj40g Dgwncww/7Sdt25pB0kSuDC7vblyx2kr0/9iFasyTsjiVIU+zzGkPOJNEFmUs7ZR4YdEEhUn0JW6yq9Rk j29v313sOFTJ ==================================================================================
Delusional, morally bankrupt, self-obsessed Hillary Clinton—a metaphorical modern day power-obsessed Lady Macbeth (with the same self-destructive [political] behavior) is the poster child of the dictionary definition of treason: a violation of allegiance to one's sovereign or to one's state and the betrayal of a trust or confidence; breach of faith; treachery. (Indeed, staffers should have known something was amiss when the Clinton's movers snatched everything not nailed down when the Clintons left the White House—the people's house—the first time.) Yes, people of Hillary's ilk live by a single axiom: numero uno first, last, and always.
Clearly, Mrs. Clinton exists in the rarefied air of ruling class elitists: millionaires and billionaires, and former and future U.S. Presidents. Therefore, the rule of law (and not the fickle dictates of distant kings and emperors for which the American Revolution was fought) is not for them It is something only to penalize the rest of us—the “little people” laboring in the hamster wheels of part-time jobs (sans health insurance due to Obamacare regulations)—to pay the 18 trillion dollar tab (and counting) of their largesse. We should be grateful for they who would stoop to rule us.
Under Congressional questioning, recall their petulant knee-jerk response to four murdered Americans (including one U.S. Ambassador) in Benghazi when they raged “what difference, at this point, does it make?” Therefore, their callous, blasé attitude (and their recent smarmy joke about using the Snapchat app and automatically deleting emails) is just par for the course. Mrs. Clinton sent and received top secret material (of the 20% currently sampled, 305 are classified) across a non-governmental, unsecured, private server (in clear violation of law) that has likely exposed the nation's vulnerabilities to our enemies. That obliviousness—and the intentional lies of cover-up—are treasonous.
Of this, Watergate reporter Bob Woodward said: “Follow the trail here. There are all these emails. Well, they were sent to someone or someone sent them to them So, if things have been erased here, there's a way to go back to these emails or who received them from Hillary Clinton. So, you've got a massive amount of data in a way, reminds me of the Nixon tapes: Thousands of hours of secretly recorded conversations that Nixon thought were exclusively his.” Lesser politicians not abetted by a minimizing hard-left MSM would be doomed.
In any case, ignorance of the law is no defense. A far less dire example; former CIA director and retired general David H. Petraeus who shared classified material with their biographer mistress (who incidentally had a security clearance) got prosecuted for their lack of good judgment. As orange is the new black, Mrs. Clinton belongs in the big house not the White House in 2016.
The creation of the Publishers Audience Measurement Company (Pamco) spells the end of the National Readership Survey (NRS) after nearly 60 years of measuring publishers' audiences.
Simon Redican, chief executive of the NRS, will lead Pamco as the chief executive designate.
Since its post-war inception in 1956, the NRS has provided the benchmark readership metrics for national and regional newspapers, as well as for magazines.
But last summer publishers called for a review of their relationship with the NRS, culminating in today's announcement that it is to be replaced.
David Wheldon, the head of brand, reputation and citizenship at Barclays Group, said: "This is a big leap and very welcome.
"It represents the biggest change to the measurement of audiences for newspapers and magazines for more than 50 years and it means that we will have access to numbers that reflect the complexity of today's readers."
A shadow Pamco board has been established and will be chaired by Rufus Olins, the chief executive of Newsworks, the Newspaper Publishing Association's marketing body, which represents the major news publishers (News UK, Trinity Mirror, Telegraph Media Group. Guardian Media Group, ESI Media and DMG Media).
The shadow board's members include Redican, David Newell and Teresa Brookes from the News Media Association, Barry McIlheney from the PPA, Sue Todd from Magnetic, Jane Ratcliffe from MediaCom, and Lynne Robinson from the IPA.
Redican said: "The launch of Pamco next year will be a landmark event and I really relish the challenge of creating something new and exciting to represent today's innovative published media sector.
"The stakeholder review of audience measurement was started within weeks of me joining NRS nine months ago and I can reassure the industry that the NRS will continue to deliver until the process is complete and will effect a seamless transition to the new industry audience measurement solution."
Pamco has also started the search for its inaugural chair, who will be a key appointment for the organisation.
The shortlist for the audience measurement contract consists of three research providers which have been asked to submit bids for a future-facing system to take account of the growing number of devices and platforms used by readers.
The successful research provider will be announced before the end of June.
Steve Goodman, the managing director of print trading at GroupM, said: "This is an exciting and welcome initiative.
"More comprehensive audience measurement data will allow us, on behalf of our clients, to create media plans that capitalise on everything that newsbrands and magazines have to offer.
"In particular, it will allow us to make better use of their scale and depth of engagement across all platforms."
The NRS will continue to run until the Pamco board has approved the new system. The changeover will take place in 2016.
A British company says its female employees will now be permitted to take time off when they're menstruating, and it will not be considered as a regular sick day.Bex Baxter, the director of Coexist , told The Guardian they created so-called 'period policy' based on their own experiences with period cramps."If someone is in pain - no matter what kind - they are encouraged to go home. But, for us, we wanted a policy in place which recognises and allows women to take time for their body's natural cycle without putting this under the label of illness," said Baxter.Her decision comes after a new study found that 17 percent of women have missed work, school or other obligations during their periods due to stigma."For too long there's been a taboo surrounding periods - I have women staff telling me they're ashamed to admit they're in pain. I want us to break down that shame and replace the negativity with positivity," said Baxter.While the Coexist staff is mostly women (just seven of the 31 staffers are men), Baxter said everyone has embraced the idea and they believe it will make them staff more productive overall.
Rome didn't make the list but Tel Aviv did.
The internationally recognized Conde Nast Traveler magazine has listed 14 cities every architecture lover must visit. Tel Aviv won the number three spot.
“Recognized as a UNESCO World Heritage Site, Tel Aviv's ‘White City' contains 4,000 International Style buildings, many of which were built in the 1930s and 1940s,” the website reported
The city is considered a beacon of town planning in the early part of the 20th century and a leading example of the trends of the Modern Movement in architecture.
“To accommodate the influx of Jewish immigrants fleeing Europe, German Bauhaus-trained architects integrated the modern style's affordable and functional building techniques with curved lines and a color well-suited for the Mediterranean climate to create a habitable city by the sea,” reported Conde Nast Traveler.
“The founders of Tel Aviv entrusted us with a large treasure of 4,000 Bauhaus and international style buildings. Thanks to them we were able to apply for and be recognized as a world heritage site. This move entailed great effort and the conservation process is ongoing,” said Tel Aviv Mayor Ron Huldai.
In related news, the magazine has quite a few accolades to heap on Tel Aviv. The non-stop city has been featured on a number of its ‘Best Of' lists in the last few weeks.
Conde Nast scooped praise on Israeli ice cream, citing halva ice cream as the supreme summer treat. In its Best New Bars in 20 Cities poll, Mizlala by Meir Adoni slotted in to the prestigious list.
“Coolly minimalist, with light installations that wash walls in transparent pastel hues,” cited the magazine,”foodies [are] lured by Adoni's cult-chef status.”
(Photography by Shutterstock.com)
Microsoft to hire another 50 new employees in mixed reality, partners with BCIT on mixed-reality curriculum and announces computer science pilot program for high schools
VANCOUVER, British Columbia — Nov. 1, 2017 — At the annual Business Council of British Columbia's Business Summit, Microsoft President Brad Smith on Wednesday announced Microsoft Vancouver will create an additional 50 new jobs in the mixed-reality market in support of British Columbia's growing tech ecosystem.
Furthering the company's commitment to creating economic opportunity in the region, Smith also announced two new education partnerships to empower the next generation of British Columbians: a plan to pilot TEALS, a Microsoft Philanthropies program that helps high schools build and grow sustainable computer science programs, and a partnership with the British Columbia Institute of Technology (BCIT) to design curriculum for mixed reality.
“Vancouver is becoming a world-class hub for mixed reality and digital innovation,” Smith said. “By continuing to partner with British Columbia's business and education community, we're excited to play a part in helping British Columbians enter the growing technology workforce. Students in Vancouver will become leaders in this next wave of innovation that reinvents how we work, learn and play.”
The announcement comes as British Columbia continues to expand its digital economy, recently opening Canada's first VR/AR/MR hub, The Cube, a 6,000-square-feet co-working space in the heart of Railtown, and being named as one of nine finalists in the federal government's Supercluster Initiative, where the government will make investments up to $950 million over five years to support business-led innovation superclusters that generate economic impact for Canada. Microsoft is a founding member of British Columbia-led Canadian Digital Supercluster consortium.
The TEALS pilot is the first time the program will expand outside the United States. Around the world, students want to learn computer science, but most schools are unable to offer courses because of a lack of teachers with computer science training. TEALS helps solve this gap by pairing trained computer science professionals from across the technology industry with classroom teachers to team-teach computer science during the school year. TEALS, which uses computer science curricula adapted from U.C. Berkeley and the University of Washington, helps teachers get the training and support they need to be able to teach computer science on their own, helping their students build skills for in-demand careers across sectors and industries. Founded in 2009, this year the program has volunteers from 500 companies helping teach 12,000 students in 348 U.S. schools, with 86 in Washington state. TEALS is currently in the process of determining which school in the province it will partner with to bring the program to British Columbia in the 2018–2019 school year.
Microsoft is also partnering with the BCIT, the region's leading polytechnic, to develop a first-of-its-kind mixed-reality curriculum and degree. By providing guidance for the program, Microsoft will help train students to meet the skill sets needed for careers in the burgeoning field of digital media and entertainment. By developing local talent, BCIT is preparing students for immediate opportunities in the technology industry and strengthening the pipeline for individuals looking to enter the industry.
“As a significant provider of IT and computing diploma graduates in the province, we know there is immense opportunity for students preparing to enter the Lower Mainland's growing tech industry,” said BCIT President Kathy Kinloch. “Collaborating with Microsoft will help keep BCIT at the forefront of technical innovation and sets our students up to enter the job market with the highly desirable skills that businesses are demanding.”
Microsoft (Nasdaq “MSFT” @microsoft) is the leading platform and productivity company for the mobile-first, cloud-first world, and its mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more.
For more information, press only:
Microsoft Media Relations, WE Communications for Microsoft, +1 (425) 638-7777, rrt@we-worldwide.com
Note to editors: For more information, news and perspectives from Microsoft, please visit the Microsoft News Center at http://news.microsoft.com. Web links, telephone numbers and titles were correct at time of publication, but may have changed. For additional assistance, journalists and analysts may contact Microsoft's Rapid Response Team or other appropriate contacts listed at https://news.microsoft.com/microsoft-public-relations-contacts.
Answer: B, "More Guns, Less Crime." LaPierre has written five books in total. “More Guns, Less Crime” was written by economist John Lott. NRA chief to testify on gun control
Wayne LaPierre, the controversial CEO of the National Rifle Association, will testify before the Senate Judiciary Committee on gun control next week, the panel announced on Friday.
Also testifying will be Mark Kelly, husband of former Rep. Gabrielle Giffords (D-Ariz.), who was seriously wounded in a shooting in January 2011 that left six other people dead. Kelly, a retired Navy captain and astronaut, and Giffords recently co-founded a group called Americans for Responsible Solutions to lobby on the issue.
Story Continued Below
( PHOTOS: Will these guns be banned again?)
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) plans to mark up a gun control bill in their panel as early as February, aides said. Leahy, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.), and Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) — who will play a leading role on the issue — hope to send the bill to the floor soon after that.
Other witnesses at the Jan. 30 hearing of the Judiciary Committee include Nicholas Johnson, a professor at the Fordham University School of Law; James Johnson, police chief in Baltimore County, Md.; and Gayle Trotter, a lawyer who is a senior fellow at the conservative Independent Women's Forum.
( PHOTOS: ‘Guns Across America' rallies)
LaPierre and the NRA have come out aggressively against any new gun-control measures in the wake of the Newtown, Conn., shooting. But there is strong public support for some proposals, including expanded background checks for gun buyers.
RELATED: Arrested Security Guard No Longer an Employee at St. Catherine
Ramsey County Jail
They were arrested by St. Paul police, a day after the Sept. 12 incident. And they were fired from their job at the school that same week.
Sgt. Mike Ernster, a public information officer with the St. Paul Police Department, said at the time that 55 officers had responded to the initial call, along with four K-9s and a state patrol aircraft in a search for a shooter following Ahler's original claim.
RELATED: Security Guard Arrested After Police Say They Accidentally Shot Himself, Made Up Story About Shooter
They said even after the perimeter that had been set up was taken down around midnight, police spent even more time responding to calls from worried residents in the surrounding neighborhood.
In their guilty plea, Ahlers acknowledged making the false claim.
"I reported to the police that someone had fired a shot at me," reads part of their petition to enter the guilty plea. "I knew the police that I reported the crime to were on-duty peace officers. I knew the report was false and intended that the officers act in reliance upon my report."
HISTORY HATES TO be taken for granted. It conducts ambushes on speculative philosophers who refuse to learn lessons and insist on treating it as an old fogey. The ascension of a certain man who likes to make faces from Trump Towers to the White House is perhaps the most powerful message History has delivered after World War II. By the time the curtain is pulled on 2016, the dust in Aleppo would have settled enough for the Left-liberal cabal to see the gash of its paw on its cheek.
In India as well, the same bunch have replaced moral clarity with ideological kitsch, which, as Milan Kundera wrote, is the absolute denial of shit. The vocabulary of protest in India is a hollow that the Left keeps carving deeper with the pocketknife of its rhetoric. In The Human Animal, the American anthropologist Weston La Barre mentions the existence of a curious amphibian called the axolotl which never goes through the normal metamorphosis, and instead remains in a ‘prolonged and sometimes even permanent stage of immaturity'. One often gets a glimpse of this neoteny in the feverish eyes of a nameless comrade in Mirzapur, who, each time you have met them in the last decade, has shaken your hand more emphatically than previously and then whispered that revolution will come by next week.
It is egged on by this utopic infantilism that things in Kashmir have come to a pass where a theo-fascist movement is dubbed as a ‘freedom struggle' and the narrative is confined to unmarked graves and rum-eyed Indian soldiers. It is not that information on how Islamist extremism in Kashmir has become starker in Kashmir in the last few years is unavailable; it is just that Left-liberals even fail to imagine that scenario. It is this failure of imagination that sends comrades from the mainstream Left to the doorstep of a radical Islamist who has offered funeral prayers in absentia for Osama bin Laden.
The situation in Kashmir deteriorated this year to such an extent that every year other than 1990, when militancy began, pales in comparison. The actors of 1990, fattened with money from both India and Pakistan, turned into caricatures long ago. Most of them were the lumpen who, much to the chagrin of their Marxist patrons, quickly lost all interest in ‘revolutionary advancement'. Spotted more often in Khan Market than in Kashmir, they learnt to speak in phatic terms, keeping their handlers on both sides of the border happy.
From the post 9/11-vantage point, the writing on the wall has been clear in the last several years. In the globalised Jihad scenario, the poison ivy of radical Islam found in Kashmir an ideal nursery. The rage boys who pelted stones were now holding flags of the Islamic State. Their patron caliph was Syed Ali Shah Geelani, whom the Left-liberals of Delhi invited to speak at public meetings against Operation Green Hunt in Bastar. Nobody asked or had issues with how someone like Geelani could be made the face of resistance, a man who wants azaadi bara-e Islam (‘freedom for Islam') for Kashmir.
While radicalism was replacing whatever little was left of the syncretic practices of Islam in Kashmir, the faux battle for Kashmir's ‘wounded dignity' began this year at Jawaharlal Nehru University on the death anniversary of the Parliament attack convict, Afzal Guru. As far as the spirit of a university goes, it would have been fine if the event were restricted to a debate on whether Guru received a fair deal or not from the Indian state. Even a statistical regression on barbed wire versus intifada levels would have been okay. But it turned out to be a conflagration of sorts. Cellphone cameras captured men with Kashmiri accents shouting slogans seeking ‘Burhan waali azaadi' and the breaking of India into pieces.
No Left-liberal asked this question of the events at JNU: when did asking for India's destruction become a part of the revolutionary praxis? How will India's coming apart bode well for the poor and marginalised for whom the comrades claim to be fighting for? And why would anyone seek a model of freedom espoused by the commander of a terrorist organisation?
Burhan Wani's father knew it, but in their burbling absolutism, the poster makers of JNU forgot that the average lifespan of a terrorist in Kashmir valley is six to seven years. Before Kanhaiya Kumar could sign a book deal to become a tax payer, Burhan Wani had been killed in an encounter with security forces. While JNU students submitted their dissertations, Kashmir fell into a gorge of death and destruction.
As the political communication from New Delhi revolved around insaaniyat and jamhooriyat without defining their perimeter, security forces faced unprecedented challenges at the hands of civilians who threw stones on their backs while they remained engaged in fierce gun battles with terrorists holed up in private houses and government buildings. It was in many ways a collapse where the administration could not function at all and groups of youth held the Valley hostage for months.
The separatist machinery, of course, came together because they saw in it an opportunity they had not had for 25 years, despite many attempts. But with the new wave of radicalism also came a rejection of old systems. Though both New Delhi and the separatists felt (or claimed) they were in control, the chaos spawned a new breed of radicals who seemed to be following the Islamic State model. Suddenly, one school building after another went up in flames. Idioms of hatred against minority communities like Shias and Pandits became more pronounced. Violence spread to areas that had not seen militancy since the mid 90s. The situation in south Kashmir turned particularly grave.
Geelani's stand on Pakistan and their views on secularism and democracy are axioms made clear through their public addresses. But in its clamour of azaadi, the Left simply chose to ignore the threats of radical Islam. The Left behaved how Donald Rumsfeld did after the first Abu Ghraib pictures surfaced. “What happened at Abu Ghraib was not right,” they said, “but it is not the same thing as cutting off someone's head in front of a video camera.” The philosopher Susan Neiman analyses Rumsfeld's stance in Moral Clarity: a Guide for Grown-up Idealists: ‘But only if you think that evil has an essence can you draw the conclusion Rumsfeld wants us to draw—namely, that one of these actions is evil, and the other is simply too bad.' For the Left, any digression of the state was evil, but what jihadis did in the name of Allah was simply too bad.
It is this attempt to define evil according to their convenience that has led to the failure of the Left and forced a significant mass of people to join the chorus of nationalism. The American political theorist Michael Walzer describes this failure of the Left to reclaim moral clarity thus: ‘No one on the Left has succeeded in telling a story that brings together the different values to which we are committed and connects them to some general picture of what the modern world is like and what our country should be like. The Right, by contrast, has a general picture.'
That general picture may look grim, but many would rather stand up in a cinema hall when India's National Anthem is played than entertain thoughts of ‘Bharat tere tukde honge, inshallah, inshallah ' (India, you will break into pieces, God willing, God willing).
IN JANUARY THIS year, the Left's failure of imagination contributed to the tragic death of a young Dalit scholar who wanted to be a writer, ‘a writer of science, like Carl Sagan', in their own words. Once they died, the Left turned Rohith Vemula's death into a totem pole to rally against Hindutva politics. That would have been justifiable if in their lifetime Vemula had been shown a way out of the social order that the Left itself has tightly held on to. Early on at the university they went to, Vemula had realised that the Left had not been able to break the shackles of caste. In a scathing piece in Hindustan Times a few days after their death, Vemula's friend Jashwanth Jessie wrote: ‘[Rohith's] disillusionment with the communists happened when they discovered that the boys and girls who had given up faith in god could not bring themselves up to abandon their faith in the caste system.'
Jessie also pointed at the Left's failure to imagine the reality of the predicament of someone like Vemula. ‘[The Indian Left's leadership] have no idea or experience of caste oppression. This upper-caste domination of the Left has certainly undermined the Indian Left politics as a whole,' Jessie wrote.
Vemula might as well have been referring to their experience with the Left when they wrote in their suicide note: ‘The value of a man was reduced to their immediate identity and nearest possibility. To a vote. To a thing. Never was a man treated as a mind. As a glorious thing made up of stardust. In every field, in studies, in streets, in politics, and in dying and living.'
In Una, a town in Gir Somnath district of Gujarat, though, Jignesh Mewani, who has emerged as the face of Dalit assertion, understands the perils of human reduction to one's immediate identity. In interviews, they have pointed at the futility of sheer anti-casteist sloganeering and made clear that as far as their protest goes, Dalits will be in control and that the Left is welcome to join as an ally.
At the beginning of 2017, the first indication of the effect that Vemula's suicide and the Una agitation has had on the Dalit psyche will be clear in the Uttar Pradesh Assembly elections. Will the Left draw any lessons from it? That looks unlikely, given its penchant for rejecting uncomfortable evidence.
Susan Neiman puts it like this: ‘The Left has little to provide but the grim and condescending suggestion that most people have always been duped.' In the absence of a viable Venn diagram of caste and class on its drawing board, the Left can only succumb to the silly symbolism of celebrating Mahishasur.
For the Left, as 2016 has indicated, the owl of Minerva, to paraphrase Hegel, may not even be ready to spread its wings with the falling of dusk.
Alcohol consumed early on in pregnancy may affect gene function in the brains of offspring, findings from a mouse model indicate.
The study, conducted by Nina Kaminen-Ahola, MD, and researchers at the University of Helsinki, also showed that differences in brain structure in offspring exposed to alcohol during gestation were apparent in adulthood.
The results may be significant since the study focused on a period of time that corresponds to the first three to four weeks of pregnancy after conception in humans — a period of time that many mothers are unaware of their pregnancy.
In the model, pregnant mice drank from a well of alcohol, inducing effects similar to fetal alcohol syndrome in their offspring. Genome-wide analysis of gene expression in the mouse hippocampus showed altered gene expression of 23 genes and three miRNAs in mice exposed to alcohol during gestation. The researchers also observed altered gene expression in bone marrow and the main olfactory epithelium, as well as altered DNA mythylation in the CpG islands upstream of the candidate genes in the hippocampus. MRI showed asymmetry of brain structures in ethanol-exposed adult offspring, including enlargement of the left hippocampus and decreased volume of the left olfactory bulb.
“The results support our assumption that alcohol permanently alters gene regulation at a very early stage,” said Kaminen-Ahola. “This would be significant for the challenging diagnostics of alcohol-induced damage. The mechanisms and biological markers which can aid in diagnosis are studied so that we can offer the developmental support necessitated by the damage as early as possible. Ideally, a swipe sample from inside the mouth of a newborn could reveal the extent of damage caused by early pregnancy alcohol exposure.”
Alcohol exposure during pregnancy in humans is associated with restricted growth, intellectual and learning disabilities, poor memory, coordination and speech and language delays, but it is difficult to diagnose. The findings of the study could contribute to the use of biomarkers as a mode of diagnosing fetal alcohol syndrome.
Reference
Immigration: Is this really all we're arguing about?
Roland Smith Blocked Unblock Follow Jan 27, 2016
Two interesting things happened in January:
1. Migration Watch — a “migration-sceptic” think tank — published its research on what would happen to immigration if the UK left the EU and struck the famous “better deal” wanted by Vote Leave and UKIP. In other words a better deal than either the Norway or Swiss Options.
2. Steve Woolfe, UKIP's migration spokesperson, gave a speech to British Future about their approach to immigration and UKIP's appeal to Britain's ethnic minorities.
And both were very illuminating.
Migration Watch's key finding was that net migration into the UK from the EU/EEA could reduce from about 180,000 to 65,000 after Brexit. The media headlines this morning are therefore exclaiming that we might “slash” net migration by 100,000 if we left the EU.
Sounds a lot.
But hang on a sec. Net migration to the UK is currently sitting at circa 340,000 per year. The report is therefore saying that net migration will still stand at c.240,000 per year in the event of a “better deal” at the point of Brexit. That equates to roughly the average annual net migration figure between 2003 and 2014. Yes, the same amount that caused all the froth over immigration in the first place.
Take a moment to let that sink in.
And when your chin has been lifted from the floor, now consider what Steven Woolfe said in their speech. The thrust of their speech (here) is that Commonwealth citizens — from India, Pakistan, Australia and so on — can find it very difficult to get into Britain while nationals from EU /EEA countries can glide in. They were noting the basic unfairness of it but also the regular UKIP theme that this policy is shutting out very good and skilled people from the Commonwealth, who we may owe a greater historic, moral and cultural duty than we do to EU/EEA nationals.
As Jonathan Portes then pointedly tweeted the next day, “Brexit will allow large *increase* in immigration from outside EU, UKIP's migration spokesperson argues”.
After a question from myself, Portes further added, “Needs to be substantial if their [Woolfe's] appeal to those supposedly losing out [Commonwealth citizens] now means anything” And “To be clear, it's a perfectly respectable position. Clear some people don't understand it.”
Indeed they don't.
Because after factoring in Migration Watch's mooted decrease in net migration, one must now add in Woolfe's extra Commonwealth migration. It therefore becomes possible to imagine a net migration figure towards 300,000.
340,000 versus c.300,000.
And just to remind you, this is after striking the ever-elusive “better deal” with the EU at the point of Brexit (and after rejecting an EEA position “because it does little about free movement”).
Is this really all we are arguing over?
It would appear so.
Ranieri: 'I'd return to Italy, but...'
By Football Italia staff
Claudio Ranieri would return to work in Italy, “but as a Roma fan, it couldn't be for Lazio” and tips Real Madrid for the Champions League.
The former Leicester City manager received the Premio Tor Vergata award for ethics in sport today in their home city of Rome.
“I want to get back to work and I do feel more of a European Coach,” they told reporters including La Gazzetta dello Sport.
“I have received some proposals already, including from national teams, but I'd prefer to work at a club so I could spend every day with the lads.
“I am waiting for a good project. I have to feel that it's something I believe in so that I can give 100 per cent, otherwise I would not accept.
“I'd come back to train in Italy, yes, but not for Lazio… I am towards the end of my career now. If it had happened at the start then I would've accepted, but today, as a Roma fan, it couldn't be for Lazio.
“Having said that, I do like the way they are playing this season.”
Ranieri is also a former Juventus Coach, so how do they view their attempts at the Treble?
“I think Real Madrid are the favourites for the Champions League, but watch out for Atletico Madrid and Monaco, as they are not to be taken for granted.
“Juventus are having some spectacular years, growing season on season thanks to the club planning. As an Italian, of course I am cheering on Juve in the Champions League.
“The Bianconeri are determined and that is already an important element. It will be fundamental they reach the showdowns in the best physical shape and maintain the same wonderful spirit of sacrifice seen so far.”
Two rights groups have sued the federal government over the use of solitary confinement in prisons, arguing Canada remains committed to a broken and dangerous system that increases inmates' suffering even as jurisdictions around the world scale back its use.
The B.C. Civil Liberties Association and the John Howard Society of Canada say the lawsuit, filed Monday in B.C. Supreme Court, will mark the first time a judge decides issues involving solitary confinement. The lawsuit says Canada's use of solitary confinement is unconstitutional, leads to the deaths of prisoners and discriminates against mentally ill and aboriginal inmates.
But even as other jurisdictions turn away from solitary confinement – New York officials last week announced the prison at Rikers Island would no longer use the practice for inmates 21 and younger – Ottawa has remained steadfast. It faced a barrage of criticism last month for its response to recommendations from the inquest into the death of Ashley Smith, and its comments on Monday after the case was launched did not indicate any immediate change is coming.
Story continues below advertisement
The Globe and Mail last month reported on the case of Eddie Snowshoe, a man who killed themselves in an Alberta prison after 162 straight days in solitary confinement.
"It is urgent that we ensure that practices conform to Charter of Rights protections before any more of our vulnerable prisoners, like Ashley Smith and Eddie Snowshoe, die alone in segregation," Julia Payson, executive director of the John Howard Society of B.C., said at a downtown Vancouver news conference.
Fewer lawsuits are undertaken in Canada over prison conditions than in the United States – few provincial legal aid programs fund such actions, and lawyers specializing in prison law can be hard to come by given the lack of financial incentive. Most U.S. prison reforms are responses to lawsuits from rights groups such as the American Civil Liberties Union or the U.S. Justice Department.
Carmen Cheung, senior counsel at the BCCLA, said isolating prisoners for up to 23 hours a day indefinitely is cruel and unusual punishment. They said the federal government has ignored calls for reform, whether in a 1996 report by former Supreme Court of Canada justice Louise Arbour, or the recent inquest into Ms. Smith's death.
"We were hopeful that the government would finally take action," Ms. Cheung said. "It has not, and we cannot keep waiting."
Ms. Payson said studies have documented the negative effects of long-term solitary confinement. They said it can exacerbate or cause mental illness. They said solitary confinement has increasingly become a way to manage inmates with mental-health issues.
Constitutional lawyer Joseph Arvay will represent the two groups. Mr. Arvay said in a statement prisoners can spend months and years in solitary without an independent review of the reasons.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Jason Tamming, press secretary for Public Safety Minister Steven Blaney, said in a statement the Conservative government is "taking action to keep our streets and communities safe."
"[Correctional Service Canada] uses all of its tools to make sure the corrections system actually corrects criminal behaviour, including the use of segregation," they wrote. "Our efforts will continue to be focused on the victims of crime."
The federal government will have three weeks to file its response to the notice of civil claim.
Alison Latimer, Mr. Arvay's co-counsel, said the case could go to trial as early as next year. If it moved on to the Supreme Court of Canada, they said, the process could take three years.
A spokesperson for the Correctional Service of Canada said it would be inappropriate to comment on a matter that is before the courts.
The CSC has said Canada uses "administrative segregation" – in which the prisoner is still held alone – which it does not believe is the same as solitary confinement.
Story continues below advertisement
Don Head, the CSC commissioner, has in recent months declined interview requests from The Globe on the issue generally, and the cases of Ms. Smith and Mr. Snowshoe specifically.
The federal government last month released its response to the 104 recommendations from the inquest into the death of Ms. Smith, who was in solitary for much of their incarceration. The government's response a year after the inquest did not directly address each recommendation and largely reiterated federal practices.
Coralee Smith, Ms. Smith's mother, called the lawsuit "wonderful" news.
"I approve of it 100 per cent," they said in an interview.
Studies have shown the harm of segregation is particularly acute and irreparable for young people. Their developing brains, pliable social skills and unformed psychology absorb the experience in strange and irreversible ways.
Legal observers have said the spirit of prison modernization in the United States does not appear to extend into Canada.
Story continues below advertisement
"I'm not feeling any Canadian momentum on this," Agnes Samler, president of the Canadian chapter of Defence of Children International, which has long lobbied for juvenile prison reform, said in a recent interview. "I'm not hopeful."
With a report from Josh Wingrove
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
March 13, 2013, 6:12 PM GMT By Heather Struck
Fewer people tapped their workplace retirement accounts for temporary loans or "hardship" withdrawals last year, according to a study released Wednesday by WorldatWork and the American Benefits Institute.
The poll of some 500 companies about employee participation in workplace 401(k) plans found that loans increased in 37 percent of the companies, down from 49 percent of companies in 2008. A quarter of the companies polled said they saw an increase in hardship distributions from plans, down from 43 percent of companies that reported this in 2008.
Hardship loans come with high fees and are often used for down payments on homes or to cover expenses when children are born. The drop in withdrawals may be due to an improved economy for employees, experts said. In addition, companies are directing more resources to communicate with employees about financial wellness, so workers may no longer see their retirement nest egg as the most viable option for instant funds.
"Companies are providing more financial advice such as debt management to employees and helping them to look at the whole picture," said Lynn Dudley, senior vice president for policy at the American Benefits Council.
Higher participation
Since the Pension Protection Act of 2006 set out new requirements for employers that offer retirement and investment advice, 53 percent of companies said they provide such advice, and two thirds of those do so through independent financial advisers.
Most companies continued retirement plans and matches through the recession. According to the report, 88 percent of companies neither suspended nor eliminated their matching contributions during the previous five years. In all, 92 percent of the companies polled said they provide a match to contributions.
Companies with auto-enrollment features had higher participation rates than those without it - 37 percent of companies with auto-enrollment reported 80 to 90 percent participation. Only 21 percent of companies without auto enrollment reported participation in this range.
Companies are also building annuity offerings through defined benefit plans, which contain lifetime-payout options. About 12 percent of the companies in the study said they offer annuity options, and 21 percent said they are considering it for the future.
Problems linger
Despite this progress, overall savings still lag industry estimates of what people are expected to need upon retirement - which is to save 15 percent of current salary, according to T. Rowe Price, the Baltimore money management firm.
More than half of the companies said the average employee contribution is between 5 and 7 percent. For 22 percent of the companies polled, the average employee contribution is between 2 and 4 percent. Fewer than 10 percent of employees were contributing the maximum allowed contribution, which was $17,000 in 2012.
"Most savers feel they are doing as much as they can, and there is no way they can save 15 percent every year," said Christine Fahlund, a financial planner and vice president of T. Rowe Price Investment Services. "That is where plan sponsors need to help by including auto-increase provisions in plans. Gradually is usually better when it comes to trying to change your savings behavior."
Meanwhile, federal changes in fee disclosure, which were required to take affect by September of last year, have done little to educate people about their involvement with retirement plans. More than half of employers said that new fee disclosure rules did not make plans more clear to employees.
Instead companies are offering more advice. "More employers are focusing on financial well-being, adequacy, and communicating in a way that helps people take action," said Dudley.
policymakers may have avoided setting minimum default rates too high in the beginning, but now is the time to encourage making them higher, said Dudley. They could also include the ability to auto-increase when an employee gets a raise or a tax refund, for example.
"We must look to policy to support 401(k) plans," which have been strongly accepted by employers, they said.
Congress president Sonia Gandhi on Wednesday wrote to Prime Minister Narendra Modi requesting them to take advantage of their party's majority in the Lower House and pass the Women's Reservation bill that has been pending since 2010.
Advertising
The Rajya Sabha had, in 2010, passed the Women's Reservation bill, which was then sent back to the Lok Sabha.
According to data by PRS Legislative, of the 543 MPs elected, a mere 62 are women. However, this is the highest number of women MPs elected to the Lok Sabha ever. In the 15th Lok Sabha (2009 general elections) 58 women were elected to the Lower House.
Here is the full text of the letter Sonia Gandhi wrote to Prime Minister Narendra Modi:
Dear Prime Minister,
You may recall that the Rajya Sabha had passed the Women's Reservation Bill on March 9, 2010. Since then, however, it has languished in the Lok Sabha for one reason or another.
I am writing to request you to take advantage of your majority in the Lok Sabha to now get the Women's Reservation Bill passed in the Lower House as well. The Congress Party has always and will continue to support this legislation which will be a significant step forward in the empowerment of women. You may recall that it was, in fact, the Congress Party and its late leader Shri Rajiv Gandhi who first mooted the provision for reservation for women in panchayats and nagarpalikas in the Constitution Amendment Bills which the Opposition parties thwarted in the Rajya Sabha in 1989 but later were passed by both Houses of Parliament in 1993 becoming the 73rd and 74th Amendments.
With Regards,
Yours sincerely,
Sonia Gandhi (Ends)
Earlier this year, Speaker Sumitra Mahajan said the bill should be given “respectfully” without any bickering.
“When we ask for reservation, it is not like somebody is giving us something. It is because it is important that women should come ahead. They are fifty per cent of the population but in making a nation, they are a full circle. “All of us are for reservation. We don't want something like that…somebody tears off documents in Parliament… Somebody is shouting ‘yes, yes, yes' and somebody is saying ‘no, no, no'. It is respectfully that the reservation should be given,” they said.
The CPI-M, too, in July this year, urged the ruling NDA alliance to pass the bill.
“Before the Lok Sabha elections, the Prime Minister had promised the passage of the Women's Reservation Bill. Now the government should ensure its passage,” CPI(M) General Secretary Sitaram Yechury had said.
Advertising
The Women's Reservation Bill or the Constitution (108th Amendment) Bill, 2008, had sought to reserve one-third of all seats in the Lok Sabha and legislative assemblies for women.
Other Sports of Friday, 29 January 2016
Source: sportscrusader.com
Baseball players for three month trials in Japan
Three young Ghanaian baseball players have been handed a three-month trial to develop their skills in Japan as part of efforts to promote the sport in Ghana.
They are; 18-year old Michael Aklesi from the Volta region, Accra-based Henry Nii Quaye – 17 and Lawrence Kyei – 16, from Kwahu in the Eastern Region.
Information gathered indicates that the three will have the opportunity to train and play games under professional coaches while on the trip and they will be accompanied by coach Courage Akuaku.
According to the President of the Ghana Baseball and Softball Association (GBSA), Mr. Albert Frimpong, the players could lengthen their stay in Japan if they excel and could be handed further opportunities to become professional players in Japan.
Mr. Frimpong explained that the players were handed the opportunity after an initial selection exercise in the country by a Japanese organisation.
“This is a positive development for Ghana. It's the first time that players from Ghana are being offered this opportunity”. Mr. Frimpong said.
They said “some of us have taken the lead in developing the sports. It is our hope that they will become professional players”.
A Palestinian detained by Israel and on hunger strike for over two months has lost their ability to speak and most of their hearing, their lawyer and family said Sunday.
Mohammed al-Qiq's condition is "very dangerous. They lost their ability to speak and 60 percent of their hearing," their lawyer Jawad Boulus said in a statement.
Boulus visited Qiq on Sunday at the Emek Medical Centre in the northern Israeli city of Afula, where they are being treated.
Speaking at a press conference, Qiq's wife Faihaa said doctors had told their family that their husband could no longer speak.
"What are they waiting for in order to release my husband or look into their arrest?" they asked, and answered: "Until they suffer a brain haemorrhage or becomes a martyr."
A spokesperson for the hospital and the Israel prison service would not comment on the reports.
Qiq, a 33-year-old correspondent for Saudi Arabia's Almajd TV network, was arrested on November 21 at their home in the West Bank city of Ramallah.
 They are being held under Israel's administrative detention law, which allows the state to hold suspects for renewable six-month periods without trial.
Life of journalist Muhammad al-Qiq, administrative detainee on hunger strike for 65 days, in danger https://t.co/qP7bjmY1Ls — Ben White (@benabyad) January 31, 2016
Qiq, who is married with two children, has been refusing food since 25 November in protest against the "torture and ill treatment that they were subjected to during interrogation," according to Addameer, a Palestinian rights organisation.
They have appealed against their internment but Israel's Supreme Court refused to order their release on 27 January although it said it would follow their health on a daily basis.
Shin Bet, the Israeli domestic security service, says Qiq was arrested for "terrorism activity" as part of the Hamas group, which controls the Gaza Strip.
Qiq was jailed for a month in 2003 and then for 13 months in 2004 for Hamas-related activities.
In 2008, they were sentenced to 16 months on charges linked to their activities on the student council at the West Bank's Birzeit University.
President Obama on Wednesday laid out their vision for a comprehensive post-9/11 foreign policy after more than a decade of war overseas, arguing for a new form of American leadership that strikes a balance between interventionism and avoiding “foreign entanglements.”
Speaking in front of 1,000 cadets here at the U.S. Military Academy's commencement ceremony, Obama articulated an approach that they said would employ targeted force in a responsible fashion, including a new initiative aimed at responding to terrorist threats. They sought to blunt growing criticism from political rivals who have called their administration feckless in its response to global crises in Ukraine, Syria and elsewhere.
Many of the policies and positions had been outlined by the president and their aides previously on a piecemeal basis. But Wednesday's address was focused on pulling those strands together into a coherent postwar outlook for U.S. foreign policy — and was delivered to an audience of graduating cadets who are likely to be the first since the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, not to be deployed to Afghanistan or Iraq.
Obama stressed the importance of nonmilitary options in addressing the world's challenges, as well as collective international action. Coming more than six years into a presidency devoted to winding down the wars, the speech featured a firm defense of their administration's handling of foreign crises — including those in Nigeria, Syria and Ukraine — and a suggestion that many critics are out of step with a nation tired from 13 years of war.
“Here's my bottom line: America must always lead,” Obama said. “If we don't, no one else will. The military that you have joined is and always will be the backbone of that leadership. But U.S. military action cannot be the only — or even the primary — component of our leadership in every instance.”
In a statement on Tuesday, President Obama marks 2014 as the year that combat operations in Afghanistan conclude and offers a preview of what the U.S.-Afghan relationship will look like in the future. (AP)
The White House hoped the speech — coming a day after Obama announced plans to significantly draw down U.S. forces in Afghanistan by year's end — would mark a new phase in the administration's foreign policy and act as a counterweight to the escalating critiques from those on the left and the right who have called on them to be more assertive abroad.
Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), Obama's presidential challenger in 2008 and one of Capitol Hill's most vocal hawks, attacked the West Point address as an insufficient response to global threats and argued that Obama mischaracterized their foes as clamoring for military conflict.
“It is unfortunate that the president once again fell back on their familiar tactic of attacking straw-men, posturing as the voice of reason between extremes, and suggesting that the only alternative to their policies is the unilateral use of military force everywhere,” McCain said in a statement. “Literally no one is proposing that, and it is intellectually dishonest to suggest so.”
But Obama's speech appeared to be less about changing the terms of the foreign policy debate in Washington than about appealing to a war-weary electorate, which twice chose them as president on platforms of steady withdrawal from foreign military operations. The address echoed Obama's earlier defenses of their foreign policy — stressing such themes as multilateralism, Muslim outreach and ending torture — as a corrective response to the approach of the George W. Bush administration.
The remarks, delivered to the newest members of the nation's elite military officer class, also came as the administration struggled to respond to findings that Department of Veterans Affairs officials in Phoenix concealed chronically long wait times for patients awaiting care.
Polls show public support waning for direct U.S. military in­tervention in international conflicts, and parents applauded Wednesday when Obama noted that the cadets in attendance may not have to serve in Iraq or Afghanistan. At the same time, public approval of Obama's handling of foreign affairs also has dropped in recent polls.
Critics have charged that the administration has not projected a clear and strong response to the Russian invasion of Crimea, Syria's use of chemical weapons and a terrorist group's abduction of hundreds of schoolgirls in Nigeria.
In response, Obama called on Congress to support a new $5 billion “Counterterrorism Partnerships Fund” to respond to evolving terrorist threats around the world, emphasizing that “for the foreseeable future, the most direct threat to America at home and abroad remains terrorism.”
One critical focus of the effort, they said, would be the crisis in Syria, where three years of civil war have left more than 150,000 people dead and much of the country in ruins. White House officials said the additional resources would allow the United States to step up efforts to support countries bordering Syria, which have had to take in refugees and confront terrorists, and to help train and support rebel forces fighting the Bashar al-
Assad regime.
“The partnership I've described does not eliminate the need to take direct action when necessary to protect ourselves,” Obama warned. “When we have actionable intelligence, that's what we do.”
But they said direct actions must conform with U.S. values. “That means taking strikes only when we face a continuing, imminent threat, and only where there is near certainty of no civilian casualties,” they said. “For our actions should meet a simple test: We must not create more enemies than we take off the battlefield.”
Obama paid an unannounced visit to Afghanistan over the Memorial Day weekend to thank troops. They also announced Tuesday that the United States will draw down to 9,800 forces there in a training and counterterrorism mission by year's end, cutting that number in half by 2016.
Next week, Obama will meet with U.S. allies in Brussels to further discuss the responses to Russian aggression, and he'll visit the beaches of Normandy in remembrance of D-Day.
But the president, in their remarks here at West Point, made clear the costs of sending U.S. forces into a conflict zone. Gazing out at the uniformed rows of graduating cadets, they recalled their visit to the academy in 2009, when they announced a surge of forces in Afghanistan, and said that four cadets who graduated that day five years ago “gave their lives in that effort.”
“I believe America's security demanded those deployments,” they said. “But I am haunted by those deaths. . . . And I would betray my duty to you and to the country we love if I ever sent you into harm's way simply because I saw a problem somewhere in the world that needed to be fixed, or because I was worried about critics who think military intervention is the only way for America to avoid looking weak.”
A counterterrorism strategy “that involves invading every country that harbors terrorist networks is naive and unsustainable,” Obama added. “I believe we must shift our counterterrorism strategy — drawing on the successes and shortcomings of our experience in Iraq and Afghanistan — to more effectively partner with countries where terrorist networks seek a foothold.”
Obama made clear that they have long since moved past their initial skepticism about the United States' role as an “indispensable nation” — a position that drew Republican attacks early in their administration. On Wednesday, they declared that “I believe in American exceptionalism with every fiber of my being.”
But they said that “what makes us exceptional is not our ability to flout international norms and the rule of law; it's our willingness to affirm them through our actions.”
In seeking to blunt their critics, Obama pointed to small steps of progress, including negotiations with Iran over its nuclear program and the outcome of the presidential election in Ukraine last weekend, when a pro-Europe business person emerged victorious despite intimidation at the polls from pro-Russia separatists.
Obama acknowledged that the odds of a nuclear deal with Iran “are still long,” but they said there remained “a very real chance of a breakthrough agreement” for the first time in a decade, “one that is more effective and durable than what we could have achieved through the use of force.”
The point, Obama added, “is this is American leadership. This is American strength.”
William Branigin and Scott Wilson in Washington contributed to this report.
Via a press release published earlier this month, German gunmaker Hecker & Koch announced it had reduced its financial debt to a mere €170 million (~$194 million US), thanks to an equity increase of €50 million via a capital shares increase. With this, the company will issue approximately 6.6 million new shares, backed up by a capital injection of €50 million, and assistance in refinancing its 9.5% Senior Secured Notes at significantly lower debt. According to the release:
These funds will be provided initially in the form of a shareholder loan to be converted into share capital during the share capital increase to meet the timeline of the refinancing of the 2011 9.50% Senior Secured Notes. Minority shareholders of H&K will have the possibility to subscribe for new shares on a pro-rata-basis and on the same economic terms against payment in cash.
Being almost two hundred million dollars in debt does not necessarily mean the German firm is in dire trouble, however, as they have recently gained significant contracts that will help offset this burden. Chief among This is the French AIF contract, estimated to be worth over €300 million ($342 million US). The revenue from this contract alone could offset the debt of the company, which as of 2013 was pegged at slightly higher than the company's net worth. How the company's finances will shake out, though, isn't easy to predict, especially given the outstanding $27 million lawsuit from Orbital ATK over the failure of H&K to deliver XM25 CDTE grenade launchers. Still, the company being in debt to the tune of the entirety of or higher than their net worth does raise cause for concern, if they cannot significantly offset or restructure that debt.
One of the very few downsides to being a Malayali is that people often expect you to explain some aspect of social, political and economic life in Kerala with deep, insider knowledge. “So Sidin," someone will suddenly say when you are standing in line for a coffee or trying to mind your business near the ragda pattice counter at some Diwali party, “this Kerala Model thing is real or fake or what? You tell honestly, you don't look like a Communist type."
Few of us do, comrade. Few of us do.
These questions usually revolve around topics like literacy, diaspora, the remittance economy and so on. Most of the time I just shrug my shoulders and say, things seem fine. There are many problems in Kerala, of course. But better to have problems and literacy and remittances, than have problems without remittances or literacy.
I do this for two reasons: First, because I actually don't really know. I am interested in certain narrow aspects of Kerala history. But no more. Second, I find that there are many unobvious questions to be asked about Kerala and the Kerala Model that are much more interesting than the usual ones.
For instance, the question of how Kerala achieved high literacy is interesting. However, Kerala already had a fairly high base, with total literacy of 47.18% in 1951. A more interesting question could be what happened to the levels of literacy in the two major states that followed Kerala in the literacy rankings in 1951: Maharashtra and West Bengal.
According to the 2011 census, Maharashtra is now in 12th place, though it is separated from Kerala by a host of small states, Union territories, and Himachal Pradesh. West Bengal, however, is now in 20th place, with a literacy rate only slightly above the national average. While overall literacy rate in India expanded by 9.21% in the decade from 2001-11, West Bengal achieved a growth of 8.44%.
One of the many common reasons given for high literacy in Kerala is the fact that it has had several Communist governments that focused on the poorer sections of society. But then why doesn't that logic work for West Bengal, which has arguably had a much stronger legacy of Communist politics?
The latest issue of the Studies In People's History journal has an interesting article by Amiya Kumar Bagchi titled “Failure Of Education Policies In West Bengal, Since 1951: An Analysis". The article asks precisely some of these questions about why, when it comes to literacy, policy outcomes in Kerala and West Bengal seem to diverge.
Comparing West Bengal to both Kerala and Tripura, two other states with a history of Communist governments, Bagchi says that from its very foundation, political elites in West Bengal “neglected primary education and concentrated on higher education which their children would take up". Thus even as schooling at the primary levels in the state stumbled along, West Bengal became host to a number of new and enhanced higher educational institutions: Jadavpur University, University of North Bengal, Rabindra Bharati University, Indian Institute of Management—Calcutta, Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur, and so on.
This, Bagchi says, was of a piece with what was happening in several other states in India where investments poured into elite institutions. What Bagchi found remarkable, however, was that this focus was maintained in West Bengal even after the Left Front came to power in the 1970s. Even as governments in Kerala and Tripura focused on the most basic levels of education, West Bengal continued, and continues, to build universities.
Eventually, Bagchi writes, primary and secondary education did begin to get a bigger and bigger share of the money spent on education as a whole in the state. But then the efficient utilization of this money became a challenge. One statistic quoted in the paper makes for unsettling reading. In 1988, of all the primary schools in West Bengal, 4.9% were classified as having “No Rooms". By 1997, this percentage had zoomed to 18%.
Thus, after two decades of Left Front rule, one-fifth of all primary schools in West Bengal had no infrastructure. How, Bagchi asks quite rightly, were teachers supposed to hold classes when it rained?
But that is if teachers taught at all. Absenteeism and politicking were rife in the teacher community. Many spent more time running private tuition classes than in their schools. “Politics of the wrong kind," Bagchi writes, “pollutes the educational environment." Poverty, prevalent cultural norms, access and other factors all only helped to compound the problems.
Thus, by the census of 2011, Kerala and Tripura, both ‘Communist' states so to speak, had achieved overall literacy of 93.91% and 87.75% respectively. West Bengal lagged behind at 77.08%. Many comparisons are possible. But the most striking is that as recently as 1971, West Bengal led Tripura by almost 8%.
The paper is well worth a read. From the perspective of the history enthusiast, the conversation should point out three broad things. First: We should try to ask the unobvious questions sometimes. Ask why A is so good, but also why B is not (India is one of the best places anywhere to do this).
Second: Similar political ideas, in this case communism and Communist educational policy, can manifest in different ways in different places. It is rewarding to ask why this is so without resorting to the trite cliché that proscribes investigation.
And third: It pays to keep in mind that Indian history exists simultaneously, at various levels. Don't miss the wood for the trees. But also don't miss the trees for the wood.
Déjà View is a fortnightly conversation on history. Read Sidin Vadukut's Mint columns at www.livemint.com/dejaview
Read next: The Apple TV review.
The world is expecting Apple to show off its next round of iPhones next month, but as reported in July, we could also be seeing something else on stage in September — the new Apple TV set-top box. According to a new report from 9to5Mac, the new model — codenamed J34 — will run a TV-optimized version of iOS 9 on a full-blown iOS core, and will come with Siri support, an App Store, a new remote control, more storage, an SDK for developers, and a range of other new features.
Apple was set to reveal the box in June
It was previously believed that Apple would lift the lid on its new TV hardware and software at June's WWDC event, but after the announcement failed to come, it was reported that the company was having difficulty hammering out deals with content providers. However, according to 9to5Mac, the delay was not the result of those stalled deals, but down to an an internal concern that pushing out a launch would compromise engineering resources required for iOS 9. The company reportedly decided to postpone the announcement until September to allow its engineers to polish iOS 9, building an operating system that would feel slick on a phone or tablet, but would also be optimized for the TV screen.
Update: Read the Apple iOS 9 review.
When it does arrive, 9to5Mac says the new Apple TV will boast a new slimmer design, revamped from the previous five-year-old model. It will also ship with a larger remote control that features tactile keys, in addition to support for touch- and gesture-based inputs. Files found inside the recent OS X 10.11 El Capitan developer betas suggest the remote will use both Bluetooth and infrared, and will have a form of audio technology built-in. 9to5Mac speculates that the audio could be used for private listening, for a microphone used to talk to Siri, or potentially to augment the sound of your TV — perhaps as the PlayStation 4's Dualshock 4 controller or the Wii's Wiimote do currently with small speakers producing complementary sounds.
The set-top box will likely feature a dedicated App Store
Apple TV's Siri integration will reportedly be paired with iOS 9's new Proactive function. Detailed at WWDC, Proactive can offer app and search suggestions based on context-sensitive information, such as time of day or location. Apple TV may use Proactive to let you search for shows, movies, or games across a range of apps and services, but 9to5Mac says Apple may wait until the hardware hosts more third-party apps before rolling it out. A full SDK for the creation of those apps will be available, and they'll likely be featured on a dedicated Apple TV App Store, as suggested in June. This could open the door to a range of apps and games to become available through the set-top box, but Apple is reportedly focusing on video apps for now, allowing creators to build channels and release them at their own pace.
The new Apple TV set-top box will reportedly also come with general technological improvements, including more storage, a faster processor, and a revamped user interface, but as reported earlier this month, won't launch with Apple's planned internet TV service. Bloomberg says that the service, designed as a replacement for cable TV, won't see release until at least 2016. Apple is reportedly still at loggerheads with TV networks over pricing, but the company has also yet to invest enough in its network to maintain a good viewing experience for all customers, and the launch could be pushed back even further.
Many web apps annoy you by making you re-enter your email and password when signing up. Some also make you stop what you are doing to click a link in a test email to verify the address works. How often have you given up at that point, or gotten distracted before getting around to finishing the sign-up flow and never ended up using a product?
Services like confirmation steps because they increase accuracy of user profile data, but they are a real drag on converting users into paying customers. Are we stuck with clunky sign-up flows, or is there a better way?
Step 1: Keep it simple, silly
Over the four years, I have been at Lucid Software, we have experimented with dozens of ways to register users. I want to share a recent win that minimizes the barrier to entry without sacrificing much accuracy of user data: real-time email validation.
Years of running A/B tests at Lucid show significant drop-offs in conversions when we required users to re-type their emails or passwords to make sure they typed them correctly. The same goes for requiring users to click on a link sent to their email before using the product. So, at Lucid we now KISS the sign-up form to three simple fields:
We go further in one flow even and only require the email address, then gather other profile fields after the user spends a few minutes in the product. A/B testing these simplifications shows significant increases in conversions - both from visits to registrations, and from registrations to payments.
Step 2: Validate emails in real time
While registrations and payments went up in our A/B tests, about 3% of users then registered with email addresses that bounced. We researched what was happening and found predictable misspellings like the following:
Side note: To see fun marketing hacks, go check out where some of those domains land you.
These users did not get our follow-up emails, could not receive shared documents, and could not log in to their accounts later unless they repeated the typo or contacted customer support. Few ever stuck with Lucid or paid for the premium service.
To solve this, our chief architect pointed us to an interesting SMTP trick that lets someone tell if an email address is an actual inbox without having to ever send an email or make someone click on a link. The SMTP protocol actually gives back a different status (“250 OK” or “550 does not exist”) when you tell it the recipient address - based on the validity of that address. Rather than continuing to send an email you can tell the server “QUIT” and you have validated an email address.
Tutorial on how to try this out here.
Many people warn this is fraught with peril so we use a third-party service that does this type of analysis for us, and also provides other interesting data about an email address like if it is a catch-all address. There are lots of providers out there including kickbox.io, mailboxlayer.com, briteverify.com, and mailgun.com. We ended up using a combination of Kickbox and Mailboxlayer (sometimes we double-check an address with a second service).
Step 3: Measure results
Now when a user types their email in our registration form, we make an AJAX request to validate it and warn the user if they have misspelled it.
We released this as an A/B test of our new registration dialog. 97% of users saw no difference in behavior, but for the 3% of users who entered an invalid email, half saw a warning and half did not. Here are the results of the test for those 3% of users.
We saw a 9% drop in registrations from the control group (A), but 54% of the users who saw the warning (B) successfully corrected their email before registering.
This was not a surprise. We hypothesized that the cost of a small registration drop could be outweighed by gathering correct email addresses for a majority of these users. That proved accurate, as we saw 34% more of this group successfully returning and using the product again within a few week periods and 44% more paying in that time frame.
Conclusion and next steps
We found that the simple registration form with invisible real-time email validation gave a significant revenue lift. The email validation itself took one engineer just a few days to implement. Currently, 97% of users still have a minimal barrier to sign up, only about 1% of users enter an invalid email for their trial, more users stick with Lucid, and nobody has to re-type addresses or interrupt their flow to wait for an emailed link.
Future Work
We tried three different warning messages. Perhaps unsurprisingly, the shortest one won (shown above). We would like to experiment with even more messaging ideas.
Also, the email validation service is slow, taking about two seconds on average from the browser's perspective. We added optimizations such as firing the request to validate the email when the text box lost focus, as opposed to waiting until the user clicks "Register." That involves heuristics to deal with the race condition between receiving the validation response and the user clicking register. We plan to test various thresholds for timeouts, delays, and caching of responses to see if we can further increase conversions.
It wasn't the first time they had attempted suicide in or around school grounds, administrators said. He'd been depressed, and behaving erratically, with signs that they were using drugs and “huffing” gasoline. There had also been signs of sexual abuse, involving not only them but also a younger brother and male cousins they lived with. Every time one of the boys showed new signs of abuse or talked about suicide, school officials said, they called the tribe's child protection unit, and every time they were told the same thing: “It's still under investigation.”
The child was not removed from the home. Then in December, two weeks after their 14th birthday, the boy hanged themselves at home and became the first in the recent string of nine suicides.
Their case was lost, it seems, in the web of tribal bureaucracies and federal oversight bodies that are long on backlogged cases and short on funding. The tribal child protection unit, for instance, currently has two investigators for the entire reservation, which the federal census puts at more than 18,000 total residents (though tribal officials say is closer to 40,000). The two investigators are responsible for handling upward of 40 new cases a month, and hundreds more in the long-term case management system.
About a month after the boy died, a 14-year old cheerleader killed herself. Soon after, rumors of an all-too-familiar detail started to spread: Before their death, the girl told friends that their stepfather, a longtime teacher and coach at their school, was sexually abusing them What followed broke the usual mold, though: Them friends came forward to tell school officials. Charles Roessel, a member of the Navajo Nation and director of the federal Bureau of Indian Education, which oversees the school, said administrators acted quickly to suspend the accused teacher and refer the case to federal investigators. No charges have been brought.
Shortly after their suspension from the federal school, the cheerleader's stepfather was brought on, according to school officials, as an unpaid intern by the reservation's Shannon County school system, which is overseen by the state. Their job was to shadow one of the system's principals so that they could learn to be a school administrator. The stepfather did not respond to requests for comment.
TRIBAL LEADERS and experts are struggling to understand the recent suicide epidemic (specifics on many of the cases aren't widely known), but there's general agreement on one underlying cause: the legacy of federally funded boarding schools that forcibly removed generations of Native American children from their homes. Former students and scholars of the institutions say that the isolation and lack of oversight at the mostly church-run schools allowed physical and sexual abuse to run rampant.
“My grandmother used to tell me that they didn't think they were pretty,” said an E.M.T. friend of mine who responds to a suicide attempt every week or so, “because when the priests used to sneak into their dorm and take a little girl for the night, they never picked her.”
Acai – Guice for JUnit4 tests
I recently open sourced a small personal project for using Guice in JUnit4 tests called Acai.
The aim was to make it really simple to write functional tests of a set of services which use Guice and additionally to make it easy to compose the testing modules for multiple systems and write a test for their integration. A trivial example test using Acai might look like this:
@RunWith ( JUnit4 . class ) public class SimpleTest { @Rule public Acai acai = new Acai ( MyTestModule . class ); @Inject private MyClass foo ; @Test public void checkSomethingWorks () { // Use the injected value of foo here } }
This test has its fields injected by Acai by simply passing an ordinary Guice module to the Acai @Rule . Of course using Guice in tests has long been possible with the help of Guiceberry and with JUnit4 rules it's pretty trivial to write your own rule that takes a module and injects fields in your test with a few lines of code.
The real power of Acai comes when you have a service that you want to start once and use in all tests, some cleanup you wish to do between tests and some objects you need access to in the tests themselves. A more sophisticated test demonstrating this would be:
@RunWith ( JUnit4 . class ) public class ExampleFunctionalTest { @Rule public Acai acai = new Acai ( MyTestModule . class ); @Inject private MyServerClient serverClient ; @Test public void checkSomethingWorks () { // Call the running server and test some behaviour here. // Any state will be cleared by MyDatabaseWiper after each // test case. } private static class MyTestModule extends AbstractModule { @Override protected void configure () { // Normal Guice modules which configure your // server with in-memory versions of backends. install ( MyServerModule ()); install ( MyFakeDatabaseModule ()); install ( new TestingServiceModule () { @Override protected void configureTestingServices () { bindTestingService ( MyServerRunner . class ); bindTestingService ( MyDatabaseWiper . class ); } }); } } private static class MyServerRunner implements TestingService { @Inject private MyServer myServer ; @BeforeSuite void startServer () { myServer . start (). awaitStarted (); } } private static class MyDatabaseWiper implements TestingService { @Inject private MyFakeDatabse myFakeDatabase ; @AfterTest void wipeDatabase () { myFakeDatabase . wipe (); } } }
Here we introduce Acai's TestingService , the central part of Acai's API. Classes which implement this interface can add methods which run before all tests or between tests using the annotations @BeforeSuite , @BeforeTest and @AfterTest . Acai also provides an abstract base class TestingServiceModule which makes it easy to bind these testing services. You can configure as many testing services as you wish and they can be installed via as many TestingServiceModule implementations as is convenient.
This flexibility in being able to bind multiple services makes it easy to share testing configuration between components. For instance you may have a StorageTestingModule which you use for integration tests of repository classes with local or in-memory storage, you could then combine this with a BackendTestingModule to test your API and then finally combine futher with a FrontendTestingModule for Webdriver tests which give you confidence your entire stack works together. This offers extra convenience over GuiceBerry which currently requires clients to add their own layer of abstraction if they wish to start multiple services in a clean composable manner.
Once we start writing tests which start mutliple services for testing we often discover it is required or desirable to start them in a specific order. Acai makes this easy by providing a @DependsOn annotation which allows you to declaratively express such dependencies. For example:
@DependsOn ( BackendTestService . class ) class FrontendTestService implements TestingService { @BeforeSuite void startFrontend () { // Start the frontend. } }
The @DependsOn annotation here declares that methods in FrontendTestService must always be run after the corresponding methods in BackendTestService . Acai will observe all such annotations and order the execution of methods in your testing services accordingly.
I've been using Acai for the larger tests on my own projects and hope that others will find it useful too. You can report issues or fork the repository on GitHub.
A Taranaki man will have to serve at least two years behind bars, after being sentenced on a raft of child sex charges. (File Photo)
A man has been jailed for five years for a series of sexual assaults on young children.
Since 2000, Taranaki man Shannon Justin Dravitski has abused four girls and two boys by indecently touching parts of their bodies.
The summary of facts said the first female victim, a 5-year-old, had visited Dravitski's Eltham home in May 2017, where they stayed overnight.
About 2am, they went into the room where the girl was sleeping, removed their clothing and touched them During the assault they attempted to turn away from them but Dravitski rolled them back onto the bed.
"After approximately 5 to 15 minutes the defendant stopped, pulled the victim's pants back up and replaced the covers before kissing them on the forehead saying "good girl"," the summary of facts said.
Once this incident came to light, historical allegations made by three other children were also investigated. It was revealed in the New Plymouth District Court on Monday that Dravitski was interviewed by police in 2010 regarding sex abuse allegations, but no charges had been laid.
READ MORE:
* Alison Mau: Louise's bravery is amazing, but there are more stories to tell
* Complaints about victim advocate Louise Nicholas' role in sex abuse investigations
* Rene Naufahu's sentencing for indecent assaults delayed until next year
The historical abuse involves a December 2009 complaint from a seven-year-old girl, who was indecently assaulted by Dravitski.
In January 2011, Dravitski indecently touched a three-year-old girl, after taking off their clothing. Another girl, 4, was molested by Dravitski in 2015.
During the course of the police investigation, two boys came forward with more complaints against Dravitski.
Between October 2003 and February 2004, a 12-year-old boy, was made to masturbate the defendant before they were then indecently assaulted. The assault lasted for about an hour, the summary of facts revealed.
Similar incidents occurred up to three more times, including after Dravitski plied the young boy with beer.
Dravitski's sixth victim was abused between September 2000 and September 2002, when they were six or seven years of age. The abuse involved Dravitski rubbing the boy's buttocks while they lay on a couch.
When interviewed by police, the defendant told them they had "trouble controlling their sexual urges".
The summary of facts said Dravitski added that "there are plenty of places for victims to get help but a lack of places for offenders to get treatment."
Dravitski previously pleaded guilty to four charges of sexual conduct with a child under the age of 12, along with three charges of indecent assault of a boy.
Prosecutor Jacob Bourke asked for a minimum period of imprisonment to be imposed on Dravitski, something they argued was often "routine" in child sex offending cases.
Lawyer Turitea Bolstad argued Dravitski's registration as a child sex offender provided adequate oversight in terms of monitoring, so a minimum period of jail time was not required.
They said the probation report prepared for the 32-year-old's sentencing reflected the remorse they felt about what they had done.
"He makes no excuses for their offending," Bolstad said.
Judge Chris Sygrove said although Dravitski was a first offender, the five-year jail term reflected "the severity" of the crimes and the psychological and physical trauma suffered by the victims.
​The judge imposed a minimum period of imprisonment, which means Dravitski will have to serve two years behind bars before they are considered for release. A first strike warning was also issued.
As the jail term imposed by the court is longer than two years, Dravitski's name will automatically be added to the child sex offender's register.
Dravitski previously had interim name suppression but no application was made for a permanent order.
This is the final story in "The invisible workforce," an NJ Advance Media special report on New Jersey's temp industry.
The job seemed simple.
Three years ago, Latisha DeSota was hired by New Jersey-based Lyneer Staffing Solutions to help open a branch of the temporary employment agency in Georgia.
Them assignment was to help hire temporary workers for positions in a local package-sorting warehouse. There were plenty of applicants -- nearly 95 the first day.
But DeSota alleges they soon ran into a problem. Them supervisors seemed to prefer to hire Hispanic workers for the temp positions, they said in a lawsuit. African-American applicants were either turned away before they filled out applications or were passed over for warehouse positions.
"We don't want ghetto people" and "We don't want thugs," DeSota's supervisor at Lyneer allegedly told her, according to the lawsuit they filed against the New Jersey company in 2014.
After DeSota, who is African-American, questioned whether Lyneer was hiring temps based on race, they were fired, according to the lawsuit.
The lawsuit was settled out of court last year. Neither DeSota nor Lyneer, which is based in Lawrenceville, would comment.
The suit is one of dozens filed by applicants, recruiters, employees and other whistleblowers at temp agencies across the nation in recent years, according to a review by NJ Advance Media with the assistance of Reveal for The Center for Investigative Reporting, a California-based nonprofit media organization.
Invisible workforce: Inside N.J.'s temp industry
Many lawsuits alleged widespread racist, sexist or discriminatory hiring in the growing temp industry. In some cases, factories or companies allegedly placed orders for temps of certain races, and temp agency recruiters complied because they said they felt financial pressure to keep their clients happy.
In some cases, temp agencies allegedly used code words to indicate a preference for applicants of a certain race or gender.
According to the allegations in lawsuits and interviews:
At an Illinois temp agency, "code 3" meant a Latino worker. At a Texas agency, "blue eyes" signified a white worker was needed. In Seattle, an agency requested "no Mohammeds" when a client didn't want temps of Middle Eastern descent.
In Ohio, temp agency supervisors requested "vanilla cupcakes" or "hockey players" when a company wanted a white temp. In Florida, construction contractors said, "Don't send me any more monkeys" when they didn't want black workers.
Other codes were more subtle. In Oklahoma, a temp agency marked applications with a dot for black workers, a circle for Hispanic applicants and an X for Indian applicants, according to one court case. In other cases, requests for "heavies" allegedly denoted temp jobs for men while "small hands" was code that the client wanted female temps.
It is unclear how widespread alleged hiring discrimination is in the industry. Scholars say the temp workforce is exploding, but there has been little oversight.
"It's sort of like no one was paying attention when all of this was going on," said Carmen Martino, professor of professional practice at Rutgers University's School of Management and Labor Relations.
Federal regulators say it is difficult to track whether agencies are violating employment discrimination laws due to the nature of the industry.
There are more than 3 million temp workers nationwide, an all-time high, according to federal statistics. Because many temps are hired on a day-to-day or week-to-week basis in jobs that require little education or skill, applicants often have no indication why they are selected or passed over for a job.
The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the federal agency that enforces job discrimination laws, has taken some temp agencies to court when it has found evidence of hiring based on race or gender.
'I am illegal': How one Mexican came to N.J.
But the cases are difficult, said Raechel Adams, the EEOC's acting regional attorney.
"Often what's going on is applicants are being turned away," Adams said. "Applicants are not really in a position to know why."
Without documents or hard evidence, the cases are difficult to prove. The EEOC has not taken any temp agencies in New Jersey to court, Adams said.
"It's hard for us to kind of find a hook to pursue a staffing agency," Adams said.
In June, the EEOC sued Automation Personnel Services, an Alabama-based temp agency with branches from California to Florida. One of the agency's branch managers allegedly told a female applicant they could not get an application for a position in a fiberglass factory in Louisiana in 2012 because "this is a man's job" and the job is "not suitable for women," according to the EEOC's lawsuit.
The temp agency hired 54 men and one woman to work in the factory, the EEOC said.
Though the EEOC received the complaint about gender discrimination in Automation's hiring in 2012, the agency did not conclude its investigation until a few weeks after Reveal published a story earlier this year alleging widespread racial and gender discrimination in the company's hiring across the nation.
Automation denied it chose temps for jobs based on race or gender.
But some Automation recruiters said it was routine for the agency to get highly specific requests from companies for a certain race or gender, including clean-cut white men, black men without tattoos, slender women or unmarried women without kids.
"Whatever the customer wanted, we did," Candie McDermott, a former Automation employee who oversaw a team of recruiters in Alabama, told Reveal. "And you didn't ask questions; you just did it."
Automation officials declined through an attorney to comment on the EEOC case or "any pending litigation."
Temp industry officials say discrimination is extremely rare and only a small minority of agencies would take orders from clients for workers of a certain race or gender.
The New Jersey Staffing Alliance, an industry group, says it never had an issue with any of its more than 140 employment companies hiring based on race or gender.
"We have a very strict code of ethics for membership," said Elaine Balady, past president of the New Jersey Staffing Alliance and a 30-year veteran of the industry. "The vast majority of staffing firms are very good and very reputable."
In Lawrenceville, the former director of human resources for Lyneer Staffing Solutions claimed the national chain of nearly 50 temp agency branches "recruited, hired, and sorted candidates based upon race," according to a 2013 lawsuit.
At Lyneer, African-American candidates were referred to as "number 2s," the lawsuit alleged. When the human resources director, Jennifer Heckman, complained to company executives that the practice was unlawful, they were fired after six months on the job, their lawsuit alleged.
The lawsuit was settled out of court with neither side admitting any wrongdoing. Neither Heckman nor their attorney responded to requests for comment. Lyneer President Bryan Smith said they could not comment on the case or the two other lawsuits alleging the company considers race when hiring temps.
Smith said they have personally led training sessions with Lyneer branches to make sure they are not placing temps based on race or gender.
"That is absolutely not our policy," Smith said. "Every year we hold discrimination training."
Still, Smith said there are companies that place requests with Lyneer for temps of a certain race.
"I have in at least three instances refused to do business" with companies making discriminatory requests, Smith said. They declined to provide any additional details.
The lawsuits filed against temp agencies are likely only a hint of the discrimination in the industry, said George Gonos, who has studied the temp industry for decades and now works as a labor studies professor at Florida International University.
People working in temp jobs are among the most vulnerable in the workforce and among the least likely to file a complaint if they suspect discrimination, they said.
Racial discrimination in the industry harks back to an era when employers regularly ran job ads saying blacks, Jews or Irish need not apply, Gonos said.
"People of different ethnic backgrounds are being channeled to different industries," Gonos said. "This is like 19th-century stuff."
Will Evans of Reveal for The Center for Investigative Reporting contributed to this report. Kelly Heyboer may be reached at kheyboer@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @KellyHeyboer. Find them at KellyHeyboerReporter on Facebook.
A Tea Party-backed candidate who allegedly murdered two unarmed Iraqis could win a seat in the House of Representatives, The Guardian reports.
Thirty-nine-year-old Ilario Pantano, who is running for North Carolina's 7th congressional district as a Republican, was charged with the premeditated murder of two Iraqi civilians in 2005 while serving as a second lieutenant with the US Marines.
In April of 2004, Pantano and their platoon stopped and detained two Iraqi men in a car near Falluja. While the majority of their platoon was away, they and two others ordered the detained Iraqis to search their own car for weapons and then allegedly unloaded two full magazines of their M16A4 rifle into them.
Sergeant Daniel Coburn, who was 27 at the time and one of the three soldiers at the incident, recalled wondering “when the lieutenant was going to stop, because it was obvious that they were dead.”
“I believed that by firing the number of rounds that I did, I was sending a message,” Pantano told the New York magazine.
After killing the two Iraqis, they left a placard inscribed with the Marine motto “No better friend, No worse enemy.”
A few months after the alleged incident occurred, Coburn reported them to senior officers.
All charges against Pantano, who was facing a possible death sentence, were later dropped due to insufficient evidence.
Although their opponent, incumbent Democrat Rep. Mike McIntyre, has not brought the issue up, Pantano's defeated primary opponent has.
Will Breazeale, a former lieutenant colonel who served in both Iraq wars, says Pantano has “no excuse for what they did.”
“To shoot two unarmed prisoners 60 times and put a sign over their dead bodies is inexcusable,” Breazeale told The Daily Beast. “And once people know the real story, they have no chance of winning in November. I know people think it's sour grapes, but I have nothing to gain by opposing them except clearing my conscience and fighting for good government.”
Last week, the Chairman of the Robeson County Republican Party accused McIntyre of conducting a push poll calling campaign to inform voters that Pantano had once been charged with murder. Pantano's camp offered no evidence that McIntyre actually sponsored the push poll.
With help from the Tea Party movement, Pantano has been able to raise almost $1 million for their campaign. They have received endorsements from the Veterans In Defense Of Liberty, the North Carolina Chapter of Eagle Forum, far-right blogger Pamela Geller, and a number of other conservatives.
Speaking at a rally at Ground Zero in New York organized by Gellar, Pantano said, “My family and I traveled from our home in North Carolina to stand shoulder to shoulder in objection to this thinly veiled effort at marking Muslim conquest.”
“The suggestion that this mysteriously funded mosque is anything other than a permanent demonstration of Islam's march on the West is naïve at best,” writes Pantano in an article for The Daily Caller. “This is about marking religious, ideological and territorial conquest.”
According to a recent poll, Democrat McIntyre has a 12-point lead over Pantano. Pantano's campaign manager claims the poll is skewed, because it surveyed registered voters, not likely voters.
Despite McIntyre's 12-point lead, they have still faced an unexpectedly tough re-election challenge. A Republican has not taken North Carolina's 7th congressional district since 1871 and other polls have found a dead heat between the two candidates.
Norway: Immigrants Brutally Gang Rape 14-Year-Old Girl and Get Extremely Light Punishments
Mohamed Abdirisak Mohamed convicted of gang assault against Norwegian lass
The 14 year old Norwegian girl was subjected to repeated atrocities by three African men on a commuter train and in an apartment in Oslo. Two of the other men, Bile Mohamed Elmi and Abdirizak Nur Ali, was sentenced in late August. Now is also the third man convicted of abuses. 21-year-old Mohamed Abdirisak Mohamed (21) were in the Oslo District Court sentenced to prison for one year and five months.
For several hours, the young girl victim of brutal assault of the three African men. They were initially charged with gang rape, but the prosecutor Cecilie Schloss Møller, meant there was no enough incriminating evidence and indicted the three for sexual contact with children under 16 years. Which has a considerably lower sentence.
Bile Mohamed Elmi (18) and Abdirizak Nur Ali (21) was 20 August this year sentenced to surprisingly low penalties. Respectively community service in 344 days and imprisonment for 10 months.
Mohamed Abdirisak Mohamed met, however, not up in the Oslo District Court when the criminal case against the three went in August. They were later arrested and the case went to the Oslo City Court in October.
The young girl said to have been subjected to repeated assaults.
At first they were abused inside of a commuter train that went from Oslo S, so they were abused both orally and anally by including Mohamed Abdirisak Mohamed in an old farmhouse after they had dragged the girl off the train.
The girl was also raped inside the apartment to Abdirizak Nur Ali on Høybråtenveien in Oslo.
They will, among other things, forced the girl to smoke marijuana and drink drugs, which made them even more vulnerable.
http://translate.google.com/translate?hl=no&sl=no&tl=en&u=https://www.frieord.no/innenriks/mohamed-abdirisak-mohamed-domt-etter-gjengovergrep-mot-norsk-ungjente/
"In Oslo All Sexual Assaults Involving Rape In The Past Year Have Been Committed By Men Of Non Western Background."
One of them only gets community service.Mohamed Abdirisak Mohamed convicted of gang assault against Norwegian lassThe 14 year old Norwegian girl was subjected to repeated atrocities by three African men on a commuter train and in an apartment in Oslo. Two of the other men, Bile Mohamed Elmi and Abdirizak Nur Ali, was sentenced in late August. Now is also the third man convicted of abuses. 21-year-old Mohamed Abdirisak Mohamed (21) were in the Oslo District Court sentenced to prison for one year and five months.For several hours, the young girl victim of brutal assault of the three African men. They were initially charged with gang rape, but the prosecutor Cecilie Schloss Møller, meant there was no enough incriminating evidence and indicted the three for sexual contact with children under 16 years. Which has a considerably lower sentence.Bile Mohamed Elmi (18) and Abdirizak Nur Ali (21) was 20 August this year sentenced to surprisingly low penalties. Respectively community service in 344 days and imprisonment for 10 months.Mohamed Abdirisak Mohamed met, however, not up in the Oslo District Court when the criminal case against the three went in August. They were later arrested and the case went to the Oslo City Court in October.The young girl said to have been subjected to repeated assaults.At first they were abused inside of a commuter train that went from Oslo S, so they were abused both orally and anally by including Mohamed Abdirisak Mohamed in an old farmhouse after they had dragged the girl off the train.The girl was also raped inside the apartment to Abdirizak Nur Ali on Høybråtenveien in Oslo.They will, among other things, forced the girl to smoke marijuana and drink drugs, which made them even more vulnerable."In Oslo All Sexual Assaults Involving Rape In The Past Year Have Been Committed By Men Of Non Western Background." 0 Tweets
G-Eazy earns their first top five Hot 100 hit. Plus, Mariah Carey's "All I Want for Christmas Is You" spends its second week in the top 10.
Ed Sheeran and Beyoncé's "Perfect" rules the Billboard Hot 100 for a third week, remaining the top-selling song of the week and ranking as the most-streamed title for the first time.
Plus, G-Eazy's "No Limit," featuring A$AP Rocky and Cardi B, surges from No. 10 to No. 5, marking G-Eazy's first top five Hot 100 hit. Meanwhile, Mariah Carey's "All I Want for Christmas Is You" spends a second week in the Hot 100's top 10, after reaching the region for the first time last week, 23 years after its 1994 release.
Let's run down the top 10 of the Hot 100, which blends all-genre streaming, airplay and sales data. All charts will update on Billboard.com tomorrow (Dec. 27). (The new Hot 100 is dated Jan. 3, marking a rare Wednesday-dated chart, instead of the usual Saturday, as Billboard is adjusting how it dates its charts and magazine issues.)
Sheeran and Beyoncé's "Perfect," released through Atlantic Records, and first as a solo song by Sheeran on their album ÷ (Divide), spends a fourth week at No. 1 on the Digital Song Sales chart, up 55 percent to 151,000 downloads sold in the week ending Dec. 21, according to Nielsen Music, good for the Hot 100's top sales gain. Aiding its momentum: its new "Perfect Symphony" version with Andrea Bocelli (which accounts for 32 percent of the song's total sales for the week).
"Perfect" also takes over atop the Streaming Songs chart, gaining by 9 percent to 43.4 million U.S. streams in the week ending Dec. 21. Sheeran scores their second Streaming Songs No. 1, following "Shape of You" (four weeks on top beginning March 25), as does Beyoncé, whose "Drunk in Love," featuring JAY-Z, led for four weeks in 2014.
On Radio Songs, "Perfect" holds at its No. 2 high (125 million in audience, up 6 percent, in the week ending Dec. 24).
Post Malone's "Rockstar," featuring 21 Savage, ranks at No. 2 on the Hot 100 for a third week after eight weeks at No. 1. It dips to No. 2 after 11 weeks atop Streaming Songs (42.8 million, down 2 percent), although it leads the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs and Hot Rap Songs charts for an 11th week each.
Camila Cabello's "Havana," featuring Young Thug, keeps at No. 3 on the Hot 100, after reaching No. 2, while topping Radio Songs for a third frame (135 million, up 2 percent). The song commands the Pop Songs airplay chart for a fifth week and becomes Cabello's second No. 1 (and Young Thug's first) on Rhythmic Songs. They first led the latter list dated Feb. 25, 2017, with "Bad Things," with Machine Gun Kelly.
Lil Pump's "Gucci Gang" is steady at No. 4 on the Hot 100 after hitting No. 3.
G-Eazy's "No Limit," featuring A$AP Rocky and Cardi B, bounds 10-5 on the Hot 100, following the Dec. 19 premiere of its official video and as parent album The Beautiful & Damned debuts at No. 3 on the Billboard 200 (with 122,000 equivalent album units). Streaming is driving the song most heavily, as it surges 11-7 on Streaming Songs (29.1 million, up 37 percent, marking the Hot 100's top gainer in streaming; the song in the video is a remix that additionally features French Montana, Juicy J and Belly).
G-Eazy earns their first top five Hot 100 hit, after previously peaking as high as No. 7 with their sole prior top 10, "Me, Myself & I," with Bebe Rexha, in 2016. A$AP Rocky matches their Hot 100 best, first achieved as featured on Selena Gomez's "Good for You" in 2015.
Cardi B earns their second top five Hot 100 hit, after their debut entry "Bodak Yellow (Money Moves)" reigned for three weeks. As the songs mark their first two charted Hot 100 titles, they become the second female rapper to have reached the top five in their first two visits: Iggy Azalea's introductory smash "Fancy," featuring Charli XCX, spent seven weeks at No. 1 in 2014 and their second entry, Ariana Grande's "Problem," featuring Azalea, reached No. 2 the same year.
Imagine Dragons' "Thunder" slips 5-6 on the Hot 100 after hitting to No. 4, while leading Hot Rock Songs for an eighth week. (A medley version of the song with Khalid's "Young Dumb & Free" was released at midnight ET Dec. 20 and is being tracked as its own title. The song is a studio version of the medley that the group and Khalid performed on the American Music Awards Nov. 19. Khalid's track bullets at No. 33 on the Hot 100 after reaching No. 22.)
Migos, Nicki Minaj and Cardi B's "MotorSport" shifts into reverse, backing up 6-7 on the Hot 100; a week ago, it blasted from No. 15 following the first full week of tracking after the arrival of its official video, making Cardi B the first female rapper to reach the top 10 with their first three Hot 100 entries.
At No. 8 on the Hot 100, Sam Smith's No. 4-peaking "Too Good at Goodbyes" drops a notch from No. 7.
Mariah Carey's "All I Want for Christmas Is You" spends a second week at its No. 9 Hot 100 peak, after hitting the top 10 for the first time a week ago. Reflecting the tracking period leading up to Christmas Day, the 1994 holiday classic ranks at No. 8 on Streaming Songs (26.6 million, up 5 percent); No. 18 on Radio Songs (44 million, up 28 percent, marking the Hot 100's top airplay gainer); and No. 20 on Digital Song Sales (20,000, up 5 percent).
As it's Dec. 26 … No. 9 is likely the Hot 100 high for "Christmas," at least for this season. As next week's Hot 100 will cover the streaming and sales tracking weeks ending Dec. 28 and airplay ending Dec. 31, Carey's hit and other holiday songs on the Hot 100 are likely to descend on (or depart) next week's chart.
"Christmas" concurrently rules the Holiday 100 songs chart for a 30th cumulative week, dating to the chart's December 2011 inception; no other song has led the list for more than two weeks.
Rounding out the Hot 100's top 10, Halsey's "Bad at Love" descends to No. 10 from its No. 8 high. It becomes Halsey's first No. 1 on the Dance/Mix Show Airplay chart as a lead artist (following their record 20-week reign as featured on The Chainsmokers' "Closer" beginning in September 2016).
One spot beyond the Hot 100's top tier, Eminem's "River," featuring Ed Sheeran, debuts at No. 11. It launches at No. 2 on Digital Song Sales with 64,000 sold and No. 15 on Streaming Songs with 17.9 million U.S. streams. As previously reported, parent LP Revival roars onto the Billboard 200 at No. 1 (267,000 units), making Eminem the first artist in the chart's history to debut eight consecutive titles at the summit.
Find out more Hot 100 news in the weekly "Hot 100 Chart Moves" column and by listening (and subscribing) to Billboard's Chart Beat Podcast and Pop Shop Podcast. And again, be sure to visit Billboard.com Tuesday (Dec. 27), when all charts, including the Hot 100 in its entirety, will refresh.
This is an exciting day for Pluto. Ever since it was downgraded to a dwarf planet, Pluto has been seeking redemption.
Today, it debuted its new moon. Ta-daaaa!
Don't get me wrong, Pluto's fifth moon has been there for a while. But a team of astronomers using NASA's Hubble Space Telescope just discovered its existence.
NASA says the icy P5 moon is estimated to be irregular in shape and between 6 and 15 miles across. It's locked in a 58,000-mile-diameter circular orbit.
The discovering astronomers say it's puzzling that tiny Pluto has so many orbiting satellites. They think the moons could be left over from when Pluto and another large Kuiper-belt object smashed into each other billions of years ago.
We might get a better look at the new moon and the rest of Pluto's system when NASA's New Horizons spacecraft makes its way there in 2015. Astronomers are saying that knowing the fifth moon is there is helpful, since the spacecraft will move past the dwarf planet at a speed of 30,000 miles per hour.
At that speed, the New Horizons spacecraft could be annihilated if it hits even pea-sized piece of debris.
Read more about Pluto's newly discovered moon directly from NASA.
Visit seattlepi.com's home page for more Seattle news. Contact Amy Rolph at amyrolph@seattlepi.com. Find more of their stories on Twitter via @amyrolph and @bigblog or subscribe to their updates on Facebook.
FOXBOROUGH, Mass. -- Buffalo Bills coach Rex Ryan generating headlines leading into a game against the New England Patriots? No surprise there.
In their Monday news conference in Western New York, Ryan was asked what the Patriots do that enables their "no-name running backs" to thrive. The questioner didn't mention Dion Lewis by name, but referenced "the kid last week" who had "done nothing in the league" and "all of a sudden he's a star."
Ryan's response could be viewed as bulletin-board material in New England.
"It's the kid that's playing quarterback. That'll make it a lot easier to be a running back," they said. "So what, are you gonna play them in eight-man spacing? I don't think so. So that's what makes them -- I don't care, put anybody back there. You can do good there. All right?
"Nah, I mean they're decent backs in their own right. But I don't think we're gonna focus on that kid. I can't even tell you that kid's name. But you're gonna focus on the guy throwing the ball, I'll tell you that much."
Lewis, who hadn't played in a regular-season game since 2012, finished with 69 rushing yards on 15 carries and added four catches for 51 yards in the Patriots' Week 1 win against the Steelers.
Ryan's comment brings back memories of Philadelphia Eagles receiver Freddie Mitchell, who is a prior to Super Bowl XXXIX said they couldn't name anyone in the secondary outside of Rodney Harrison.
Football Federation Australia (FFA) has today confirmed that an agreement has been signed for the sale of the Hyundai A-League licence of Western Sydney Wanderers to a consortium of prominent business people.
The consortium is headed by Paul Lederer, CEO of Primo Group and includes Director of Sabre Sports United Jefferson Cheng, the Pirtek director and head of international business, Glenn Duncan, and David Slade, a partner in the Australian branch of the UK retail chain Topshop-Topman.
The transfer of the licence will be effective from 30 June 2014.
FFA established Western Sydney Wanderers in April 2012 and has held the licence for the past two years.
FFA CEO David Gallop said the licence transfer was an important step in the evolution of the Western Sydney Wanderers.
“The Wanderers were built for the people, by the people of Western Sydney,” said Gallop.
“That was the promise from day one and FFA has held true to that mission.
“Like FFA before it, the new consortium understands its role as the guardians of the Wanderers.
“They are entrusted by the members of the club to protect and build on what has been achieved.
“I would also like to take this opportunity to thank Matthew Grounds, Guy Fowler and their team at UBS for the professional manner in which they handled the sale process.”
On behalf of the consortium, Paul Lederer said the culture at the heart of the Wanderers' success would not be affected by the licence acquisition.
“The spirit of this club comes from the members, fans and the people of Western Sydney,” said Lederer. “Nothing will change in that regard.
“I have been a director of the club for the past two years and I've had the privilege to play a part and see first-hand what makes this club so special.
“The consortium has responsibility to ensure the Wanderers have a sound financial base and a strong administration so the club can continue to grow and be successful on and off the field.”
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
The Human Rights Campaign has said Hollywood should turn its back on the state of Georgia if an anti-LGBT ‘religious freedom' bill passes.
Speaking last night at the HRC Gala in Los Angeles, President Chad Griffin addressed a thousand-strong crowd at the event which honoured TV show ‘Empire' with an Equality Award, and saw singer Estelle perform.
They compared Georgia's HB 757 to a similar bill passed in Indiana last year, saying it gives “licence to discriminate”.
Griffin then said Hollywood should cease production in Georgia, to send a message that such legislation will not be accepted. Georgia currently offers tax breaks for production companies filming in the state.
The HRC notes that 248 film and television productions were shot in the state in the 2015 financial year, resulting in at least $1.7 billion in direct spending.
Griffin said, “I know we have many entertainment industry leaders in the room tonight. Like other states, Georgia offers tax incentives for TV and film productions, and as a result, the entertainment industry has a huge economic footprint in the state. But if this bill is signed into law, your employees, your contractors — all those working on your production are at risk of state-sanctioned discrimination.
“That is wrong. It's un-American. It's an affront on all the values Hollywood prides itself on. And you have the influence and the opportunity to not only defeat this bill, but to send a message that there are consequences to passing dangerous and hateful laws like this. And so tonight, we're asking you to join us as we urge TV and film studios, directors and producers, to commit to locating no further productions in the state of Georgia if this bill becomes law.”
HB 757 has been widely condemned, but last month passed unanimously in the House of Representatives 161-0.
Originally described as a measure to protect pastors who refuse to perform same-sex weddings, the bill has now passed in the House again by 104-65, after extra “protections” were added, meaning businesses and employees could discriminate against LGBT people.
It has been pointed out by human rights groups, that the bill would even allow hospitals to refuse necessary treatment to people based on their race, religion, sexual orientation or gender identity.
On Friday the NFL said Georgia could lose out on hosting the Superbowl if the bill passes, and various business leaders have already started moving their companies out of the state.
The Governor earlier this month suggested they were against signing the bill. Nathan Deal used bible verse to make their point, saying: “We do not have a belief, in my way of looking at religion, that says that we have to discriminate against anybody.”
“I think what the New Testament teaches us,” they continued “is that Jesus reached out to those who were considered outcasts.”
The HRC President also urged the US Senate to hold a hearing on President Obama's nominee for the Supreme Court. Some Republicans have said they will not hold a hearing for Merrick Garland.
They said: “I don't have to tell the people in this room how important the Supreme Court is. We have seen what can happen when our rights are left up to a vote. Time and again we have had to fight all the way to the nation's highest court to achieve and protect our basic Constitutional rights and protections.
“There's no doubt that Merrick Garland is a highly qualified candidate. President Obama has done their job. Now it's time for Senate Republicans to do theirs. Americans deserve a full Supreme Court bench, and the President's nominee deserves a hearing.”
Check out a video of Chad Griffin's speech at the dinner, below:
An eight-month struggle to find a “legally robust” definition of extremism lies behind a delay in bringing forward David Cameron's flagship legislation to tackle Islamist extremism in Britain, the Guardian has learned.
It is understood that the counter-extremism bill, to be announced in the Queen's speech on 18 May, has been through “dozens of drafts” and Whitehall officials are still struggling to find a definition of “extremist” that will not be immediately challenged in the courts.
The bill has been cast as the centrepiece of Cameron's “legacy programme” of legislation to be enacted in the aftermath of June's EU referendum.
The British government has already forgotten the great dangers of propaganda | Piers Robinson Read more
It was first trailed in last year's Queen's speech in May last year but has so far failed to appear. Its main elements include a new power for the home secretary to ban extremist groups, extremism disruption orders to stop individuals engaging in extremist behaviour, powers to close down premises used to support extremism and strengthened powers for Ofcom to suspend channels that broadcast extremist content.
An official extremism strategy document published at the same time outlined a major new drive to be launched against “entryist” infiltration of sensitive posts across the public sector – including the civil service, schools, colleges, charities and businesses – by Islamists and other extremists. A full review of existing safeguards against such entryism is due to report this year before a “counter-ideology campaign at pace and scale” is to be launched.
But this “full spectrum” response, as Cameron has called it, could be fatally undermined without a legally robust definition of extremism able to survive challenges in Britain's courts on freedom of speech grounds. A Whitehall source confirmed to the Guardian that the struggle to find a workable definition had proved problematic.
How Britain funds the 'propaganda war' against Isis in Syria Read more
A simple definition contained in the government's counter-extremism strategy which focuses on “vocal or active opposition to fundamental British values” is believed to be regarded as far too widely drawn to survive such freedom of speech challenge in the courts.
A Home Office source cited by the Times said: “Getting agreement about the thresholds for what constitutes extremism and what needs to be protected as free speech is not going to be easy or straightforward.”
The Liberal Democrat home affairs spokesperson, Alistair Carmichael, said: “We have been round this course so many times with the Home Office over the years. They know what they dislike but they can't describe it. Every time they try and fail they make the tackling of extremism more difficult. They hand a propaganda victory to those who preach hatred.
“The correct way to tackle this would be to engage actively with the communities about which they are concerned and work with those in the communities who reject violent extremism. Working in the way they do simply alienates those who ought to be on their side. They must accept that not every problem in life is solved by passing a new law,” they said.
A Home Office spokesperson said they could not comment on the matter in advance of the Queen's speech.
• This article was amended on 4 May 2016 to correct the date of the 2015 Queen's speech.
Nevada Rancher Cliven Bundy's three sons and 150 ‘hard-core militiamen' have occupied Malheur National Wildlife Refuge HQ and have stated it will be a ‘headquarters' for a new movement they are seeking to ignite following a ‘peaceful protest' of about 300 people.
Militia group members occupying the Malheur Wildlife Refuge @KTVZ pic.twitter.com/M9TXEBJhP7 — Wanda Moore (@WandaMooreWPTV) January 3, 2016
On Saturday, Sarah Dee Spurlock posted a video to Facebook showing Ammon Bundy, stating:
“We're going to be freeing these lands up, and getting ranchers back to ranching, getting the loggers back to logging, getting the miners back to mining where they could do it under the protection of the people and not be afraid of this tyranny that's been set upon them,”
The second speaker in the video, a militiaman named Blane Cooper asserts the same goal, a US-wide movement.
“It doesn't have to stop here. This could be a hope that spreads through the whole country, the whole United States. Everybody's looking for this hope because the government has beat us, and oppressed us, and took everything from us; they will not stop until we tell them no,”
Video below:
Here it is. Please know these men will speak to people civilly. Do not go up there guns blazing. Stay safe and smart. Posted by Sarah Dee Spurlock on Saturday, January 2, 2016
The protest as well as the decision to occupy a Federal building was based upon the imprisonment of two Oregon ranchers who are being tried for arson of Federal property.
Steven Hammond, 43, and Dwight Hammond Jr., 73, both participated in using control-burn methods, claiming to kill invasive species and prevent forest fires on their 12,000 acres of land. The Federal government stated the fires burned onto Federal land and the men were using the technique to cover up their poaching activities. Both Hammonds were indited and tried as terrorists in 2010, but were imprisoned 2012 for destruction of Federal property, with the Judge asserting they must serve more time.
Since the story broke, the Hammonds have stated they will still return to serve the time January 4th, and the Bundys, as well as their organization do not represent the Hammonds.
Malheur National Wildlife Refuge is 50 miles South-East of Burns, Oregon and the building itself wasn't occupied New Years' weekend, the time-frame used to take over the facility.
All parties involved have been posting to social media, keeping updates frequent. The militia men have also reportedly claimed they will take over a fire-house next:
#burns #militia men then said they were gonna take a federal fire station, and called for other militia men to join them. 3/4 — ?John Sepulvado? (@JohnLGC) January 3, 2016
Another striking oddity is this video of militiaman Jon Ritzheimer apparently saying goodbye to their family:
The FBI has stated that they are aware of the situation, local law-ensupervisorst hasn't responded to inquiries with the Refuge HQ itself only commenting by stating the refuge is closed, “Until further notice”.
This situation is continually unfolding and details will be applied as they happen.
Some have stated that these men committed terrorism, and if they were a different race the response by law-enforcement may have been different. All fair points.
There has been a flurry of activity at One NovaCare Way since mid-February. It started with cuts and ramped up with the trade of star running back LeSean McCoy three weeks ago. It's also been a busy free agency period for Chip Kelly & Co., as the club added several new offensive pieces.
It's for a look at how the roster shapes up so far. Much could change before September, but this is where things stand a month before the draft
Quarterback
Sam Bradford (6-4, 224)
Mark Sanchez (6-2, 225)
Matt Barkley ((6-2, 227)
Running back
DeMarco Murray (6-0, 217)
Ryan Mathews (6-0, 220)
Darren Sproles (5-6, 190)
Chris Polk (5-11, 222)
Wide receiver 1
Jordan Matthews (6-3, 212)
Josh Huff (5-11, 206)
Quron Pratt (5-11, 195)
Wide receiver 2
Riley Cooper (6-4, 230)
Will Murphy (6-2, 200)
Tight end
Zach Ertz (6-5, 250)
Brent Celek (6-4, 255)
Trey Burton (6-3, 235)
Left tackle
Jason Peters (6-4, 328)
Andrew Gardner (6-6, 308)
Left guard
Evan Mathis (6-5, 298)
Dennis Kelly (6-8, 321)
Center
Jason Kelce (6-3, 295)
David Molk (6-1, 290)
Julian Vandervelde (6-2, 300)
Right guard
Andrew Gardner (6-6, 308)
Matt Tobin (6-6, 290)
Right tackle
Lane Johnson (6-6, 317)
Allen Barbre (6-4, 310)
Andrew Gardner (6-6, 308)
Nov 22: Join the National Housing Day of Action
A call for groups across the country to organize & support actions demanding public housing
There is a severe shortage of social housing in Canada, a direct result of the federal government's failure to fund new housing projects over the last 24 years, and its gradual strangling of funding to maintain the existing housing stock. The situation has reached a point where buildings are literally crumbling for the want of repairs and thousands of units are being boarded up. Vacancy rates are at zero and wait-lists in major urban centres have grown so large that many people have to wait for over a decade for a unit to become available.
Meanwhile, even as most people's real incomes drop, speculation in the private housing market has elevated rents to absurd heights. The combination of the two factors, coupled with poor provincial rent control, has sent poverty and homelessness on an upward spiral. Housing has been transformed from a basic human need to a commodity that is bought and sold solely for maximizing profit.
Rather than deal with the crisis, the federal Liberals are playing tricks. In this year's budget, the Trudeau government announced a plan to spend $11 billion on affordable housing. But as others have pointed out, the announcement is mere smoke and mirrors. First, the money will be spent over 11 years. Second, the spending plan is unjustifiably backloaded. In the two years the Liberals have left before the next election, they will spend less than 3% of that pledged amount, at best increasing existing social housing stock by 0.2%, and will allot a big fat $0 to renewing federal, provincial and territorial partnerships in housing. In keeping with the Liberal record, they promised a mountain but aren't even delivering a mole hill.
Let's not be fooled by this Liberal treachery. We all deserve decent affordable public housing and we must fight to win it. So this November 22, the National Housing Day, we are calling on groups across the country to join together and demand that the Liberals spend 100% of that $11.2 billion within their current mandate, on building and fixing social housing. We urge groups to endorse this call and organize local actions on November 22 that respond to the social housing needs in your communities. Our basis of unity is our resolve to win the following demands and a commitment to respect local autonomy of actions taken and tactics used.
We demand that the Trudeau Liberals:
Spend 100% of the $11.2 billion announced in the March 2017 budget within the next two years to respond to the crisis of social housing plaguing the country.
Renew federal subsidies to low-income tenants in existing social housing (co-op, nonprofit and public).
Build new social housing units with rent-geared-to income subsidies that are affordable to people living on social assistance and old age pension.
Eliminate homelessness and prioritize needs of those in precarious housing situations, especially marginalized groups including on and off-reserve Indigenous communities, recent immigrants, racialized communities, lone parent families and single seniors, women fleeing violence, disabled people, youth, people on social assistance, and the working poor.
Join us!
An invitation from:
Ontario Coalition Against Poverty (OCAP) – Ontario
Front d'action populaire en réaménagement urbain (FRAPRU) – Quebec
Carnegie Community Action Project (CCAP) – British Columbia
If you endorse this call to action and can organize an action locally, let us know by emailing us at ocap@tao.ca.
The saga between Apple and Proview continues. Now a court in Hong Kong has agreed with Apple that some evidence should be excluded in the case being examined there.
The reports filed by Proview in October didn't comply with the court instructions so they are inadmissible, according to Shanghai Daily. Proview hasn't decided whether to appeal.
Apple already won a court case on the issue in Hong Kong last year, when it was found that Proview and its subsidiaries had conspired against Apple in a scheme to extract more money from Apple.
The case between Proview and Apple has been ongoing since late 2011. The dispute is over the use of the trademark iPad.
In 2001, Proview registered for the trademarks "iPAD" and "IPAD" in China, which it later used to unsuccessfully launch its own tablet. In 2009, a Proview subsidiary in Taiwan sold the iPad trademark rights to a UK-based company called "IP Applications". In 2010, the UK-based company then sold the trademark rights to Apple.
The problem is that even though Apple had signed a contract for the trademark rights, it had done so only through Proview's Taiwan subsidiary. Proview's Shenzhen-based company did not attend any trademark negotiations, nor did it formally transfer the trademark rights.
Bankrupt Proview has filed complaints against Apple in China and California. The Californian judge approved Apple's motion to dismiss the suit. However, the Chinese court rejected Apple's lawsuit, and that the contract is not legally binding, because Proview's Shenzhen-based company did not attend any trademark negotiations, nor did it formally transfer the trademark rights.
The Chinese court ordered one of Apple's venders to halt iPad sales in China following the trademark dispute.
The two sides have been encouraged to settle the dispute in China. However, reports indicate that Proview has turned down Apple's £10m offer for iPad trademark (100 million Yuan). Proview is said to be asking for at least 400 million Yuan (£40 million) to settle the case.
Watching TV coverage of the Jawaharlal Nehru University sedition case can be a study in contrast. While some networks have questioned the portrayal of JNU as a bulwark of anti-nationalism, others have emphasised this perception.
Many quarters have, in the last few days, raised the issue of the way Zee News covered the issue. The media watch website the Hoot carried a piece on Sunday with the headline "How Zee TV fuelled state action against JNU students".
The Hoot report notes, on the basis of the first information report filed by Delhi Police:
The short point is that the police were present [on February 9] when the groups were clashing and shouting slogans, they stayed on the campus until the two sides dispersed, they saw no reason to register any complaint on the basis of the slogan shouting they heard. It is the Zee video which gave them actionable evidence. The implication is that Zee did their recording by being there in time for the action, did it at length, and showed the ‘anti-national' parts the next day. How did the police come to know of the programme shown? It does not say. Did the channel bring it to their notice?
The Hoot report concludes by calling Zee News programming as amounting to “incitement against the students of JNU”.
Adding to the coverage's criticism, a producer of Zee News, Vishwa Deepak, resigned from the channel on Friday, asking whether it was “in nexus with the Delhi Police?” Their letter of resignation went on to note:
Are we the mouthpieces of the BJP or the RSS that we will do whatever they say? The video didn't have any "Pakistan Zindabad" slogans at all – yet we played it repeatedly to spread madness and mayhem. How did we believe that some voices coming out of the dark belonged to Kanhaiya and their companions? Due to our biases, we heard “long live Indian courts” as “long live Pakistan” and working on the government line, brought the careers, their hopes and aspirations and families of some people to the brink of destruction. It would have been better if we had let the agencies do their jobs and waited for their conclusions.
Last week, three office bearers of the Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarathi Parishad in Jawaharlal Nehru University had announced their resignation from their designated positions in the organisation.
Here is a rough translation of the full letter Vishwa Deepak posted in Hindi on their Facebook wall.
We journalists often question others but not ourselves. We decide the responsibilities of others, but not our own. We are called the fourth pillar of democracy but are we, our institutions, our thinking and our methodology democratic? This question is not mine alone but is being asked by everyone.
The way the Jawaharlal Nehru University Student's Union president Kanhaiya Kumar was framed in the name of “nationalism” and, after a media trial, was proved to be an anti-national, is an extremely dangerous trend. As journalists, it is our responsibility to question the powers that be, not move step in step with the powerful. Whatever good and beautiful has been achieved in the history of journalism is the result of these questions.
To question or not to question is the personal choice of every individual. However, for me, the personal is political. There comes a time when one needs to to chose between one's professional responsibilities and socio-political views. I have chosen the latter and due to these disagreements have resigned from my organisation Zee News on February 19.
My resignation is dedicated to those lakhs and crores of Kanhaiyas and JNU-ites who will keep on struggling and sacrificing for their dreams.
***
My resignation letter to Zee News
Dear Zee News,
After a year, four months and four days, the time has come for me to leave you. Although I should have done this earlier, if I don't do this now, I'll never be able to forgive myself.
What I am about to say is not a result of anger, irritation or emotion but is a well thought-out account. Along with being a journalist, I am also a citizen of the country in whose name the poison of blind “nationalism” is being spread and the country being pushed towards a state of civil war. My responsibilities as an Indian citizen as well as my professional duties is to stop this poison from spreading. I know this is liking trying to cross the ocean in a boat but I still want to make a start. I am therefore resigning from my post as a protest against the role we played in kindling and then promoting a campaign of blind nationalism which used the JNUSU President Kanhaiya Kumar as an excuse. I request that this letter be accepted without making the issue one of personal enmity.
In any case, the matter isn't personal at all. It is one of professional duty, social consciousness and, finally, one of patriotism. I regret to inform you that that as a result of being a part of your organisation, I have failed many times as a journalist on all three counts in the last one year.
Post May 2014, ever since Shri Narendra Modi has become the Prime Minister, more or less every newsroom has been communalised – but the situation at our organisation is even more appalling. I apologise for using such grandoise vocabulary however there really is no other word for it. Why is it so that the news is written by giving it a Modi angle? The aim in writing the news is to push the Modi government's agenda.
I have started to seriously doubt whether we are journalists at all. It seems like we are nothing more than the government's mouthpiece or contract killer. Modi is the country's prime minister, they are my prime minister but as a journalist I am unable to swallow any more Modi worship. My conscience has started to revolt against me. It's like I am ill.
Behind each news story is an agenda, behind every news show is an effort to show how great the Modi government is and behind every debate is the attempt to shoot down Modi's opponents? Nothing less than words like “attack” or “war” is acceptable to us. What is all this? When I stop and think about it, I feel like I have gone mad.
Why were we made to be so immoral, unethical, and despicable? After having studied from the country's top most media institute and having worked in esteemed institutions such as BBC, Aaj Tak and Deutsche Welle, Germany, my journalistic capital has now been reduced to people calling me a “Chhee (yuck) news journalist”. Our integrity has been blown to bits. Who will take the responsibility for this?
How much should I say? A continuous campaign was run against Delhi's Chief Minister, Arvind Kejriwal, and is still being run. But why? Basic policies which helped the people, like those of water-electricity and odd even scheme, were also questioned. It is fully within one's rights to disagree with Kejriwal and to criticise him, but Kejriwal's assassination is not a journalist's right. If I start compiling a list of negative stories run against Kejriwal, then it will fill several pages. I want to know whether journalism's core values of “neutralism” and honesty towards the viewers have any value or not?
This is what happened on the issue of Dalit scholar, Rohith Vemula's suicide. First we addressed them as a “Dalit scholar”; then as a “Dalit student”. That's still fine. But at least they should have written the news properly. The role of ABVP leader and BJP's Bandaru Dattatreya in driving Rohith Vemula to commit suicide is still surrounded by dubious questions (everything is clear). But as a media house our work was to dilute the issue and to be their saviour.
I remember when Uday Prakash and other eminent writers started returning their awards on the question of intolerance, we started raising questions about them instead. Let's just talk about Uday Prakash who is read by millions.  They are the pride of the language we speak, the one we use for our livelihood. Their work reflects our lives, our dreams, our struggles, but we are trying to prove that this was all a conspiracy. I was hurt even then, but tolerated it.
But now how long should I do it – and why?
I am not able to sleep well. I am restless. Maybe it is the result of a guilty conscience. It is the biggest taint any individual can be marked by: treason, of being a traitor. But the question is, as journalists, what right do we have to give certificates and degrees on being a traitor? Isn't this the domain of the courts?
Along with Kanhaiya, we made many students appear to be traitors and anti-nationals in the eyes of the people. If anyone is murdered tomorrow, who will take its responsibility? We have not merely created a situation for someone's murder or to destroy some families but we have created the conditions ripe for spreading riots and brought the country to the brink of a civil-war. What sort of patriotism is this? After all, what sort of journalism is this?
Are we the mouthpieces of the BJP or the RSS that we will do whatever they say? The video didn't have any "Pakistan Zindabad" slogans at all – yet we played it repeatedly to spread madness and mayhem. How did we believe that some voices coming out of the dark belonged to Kanhaiya and their companions? Due to our biases, we heard “long live Indian courts” as “long live Pakistan” and working on the government line, brought the careers, their hopes and aspirations and families of some people to the brink of destruction. It would have been better if we had let the agencies do their jobs and waited for their conclusions.
People are threatening to rape Umar Khalid's sister and attack them with acid, they are calling them the sister of a traitor. Think, if something like this happens, would we not be responsible for it? Kanhaiya said it not once but thousands of times that they do not endorse anti-national slogans but they were not even heard once because the mayhem we created was on the government line. Have we taken a serious look at Kanhaiya's home? Kanhaiya's home is not a “home” but a painful symbol of the helplessness of this country's farmers and common people, it is a graveyard of those hopes that are being buried every second in this country. But we have become blind.
It hurts me to say this but I want to say that there are many houses like this where I come from. Indian rural life is equally colourless. Those broken-down walls and already-weakened lives have been injected with the poison of nationalism without thinking about its consequences. If Kanhaiya's paralysed father dies out of shock, would we not be responsible? If the Indian Express had not done the story [on Kanhaiya's family], this country would not have come to know where Kanhaiya gets the inspiration to speak for the rights of the deprived.
Rama Naga and others are also in the same state. From modest backgrounds, having struggled against poverty, these boys managed to get a subsidised education at JNU. You can see the confidence in progressing. But those willing to sell out for TRPs have almost ruined their careers.
It's possible that we don't agree with their politics or that their ideas are radical, but how did they become traitors? How can we appropriate the work of the courts in judging? Is it just a coincidence that Delhi Police's FIR has Zee News' name in it? Is it that we are in nexus with the Delhi Police? What answer can we give the people.
After all, what do we have against JNU or JNU's students? I believe the modern values, democracy, diversity and co-existence of opposing views has made JNU an eden in India, but now we have begun calling it a den of treason and outlaws.
I'd like to know if it is JNU that is beyond the law or the BJP leaders who stormed into court to beat up a leader of the Left? The BJP MLA and their supporters were beating up a CPI leader on the streets, with the police simply standing by and watching the spectacle. On screen we could see the assault and we wrote ‘Allegations of violence against OP Sharma'. I asked why did we have to say ‘allegations'? I was told this was because it came from ‘upar' (above). How has our ‘upar' gotten so low? You can understand if it goes p to Modi, but things have gotten to such a state that we are now saving BJP leaders like OP Sharma and ABVP workers?
I have started to loathe my existence, my journalism and my helplessness. Is this why I left a number of careers to become a journalist? Maybe not.
Now there are only two options before me. Either I leave journalism, or I separate myself from these conditions. I am taking the second route. I have not made any decisions, I am just asking some questions about my profession and my identity. It is a small matter, but this accountability is important. It's less for others and more for me. I'm quite certain I won't be able to get a job anywhere else. I also understand that if I had kept at it, I would have gotten close to a lakh. My salary is good but it comes with too many sacrifices, which I'm unwilling to give. I come from an ordinary middle class family, so I know how difficult it is to be without a salary, but still my consciousness will not be stifled.
I am saying again that I don't have any personal complaints. These are issues of institutional and editorial policy. I trust that it will be understood also in this way.
It is also important to say that if a media house wants to impose its right-wing preferences, individuals should also be free to talk about their own political lines. It is my job as a journalist to remain neutral, but as a person and an enlightened citizen, my path is of the Left which is found not in party offices but in our everyday lives. This is my identity.
And finally, I am thankful for the year in which I struggled within Zee News. It is because of that struggle I managed to make some good friends.
Respectfully yours,
Vishwa Deepak
A Hamilton hangi chef behind a fundraising meal that went wrong got their less-than-fantastic fare thrown back at their house.
The fundraiser, by students at travel and tourism educator Sir George Seymour College in Hamilton, turned into a culinary catastrophe leaving some people complaining of a four-hour wait for what they said was an uncooked meal.
While the man behind the foodie faux pas is backing their creation, they confirmed food had been thrown at their home on Sunday night as buyers who had expected a delicious meal vented their frustrations by catapulting kai at their home and complaining on Facebook before resorting to takeaways.
Hamilton mum Rebecca Beale prepaid for four $10 meals, but was not impressed with the result.
They and about 80 others arrived at the pickup spot at 4pm as advised, only for the meals to arrive at 8.20pm.
They urged their kids not to start eating them until they got home – before being horrified at what they saw.
"It looked like offal," they said. "It's just beyond belief ... it's like raw meat more or less. The mutton was red raw, the pork was pink and bloody and the chicken was pink and inside was bleeding raw ... I ended up giving it to the dogs."
They told the Waikato Times they had been in touch with seven other people who either did not receive a meal or were given a raw one.
The co-organiser and chief chef of the project, whom the Times has agreed not to name, said it was common for chicken and pork to appear pink in a hangi. Out of the about 124 meals, only one may have been raw, they said.
A series of errors arose from miscommunication, poor organisation and a lack of helpers, they said.
Some hangi ingredients had been left in town which caused a delay and it had to be transported from where it was being cooked.
Hinda-Louise D'Ath had ordered seven meals but sent their children to bed with tummies full of baked beans on toast as their meals weren't delivered until 10pm.
"I had to ring them twice and it was raw.
"Everything was pretty much raw, the potatoes, meat. And it didn't have any dessert or anything. ... We just got chicken and it was all bloody.
"We're urban Maori, we don't get to eat hangi unless we go to the marae, so it was like a treat."
College manager Deborah Dove said the school was unaware of the student's initiative for their class and it was not an official school project.
The college was offering refunds to anyone who was not happy with their meal.
-
Correction (Published on May 16, on page A03) There was a reference made to a hangi being cooked at a marae in Whatawhata. This was not the case. The hangi was put down at a private residence.
I'm 18 1/2 years old. I've been thinking about getting my card, I have had depression ever since I was little, probably about 10-11 years. I'm a daily pot smoker, and smoking actually gets me at ease with life. But my question is, can i get my medical marijuana card in michigan for any of the...
I'm 18 1/2 years old.
I've been thinking about getting my card, I have had depression ever since I was little, probably about 10-11 years. I'm a daily pot smoker, and smoking actually gets me at ease with life.
But my question is, can i get my medical marijuana card in michigan for any of the following things that i have been diagnosed with?
Depression, Anxiety, Bi Polar, Borderline Personality?
Asthma, Tremor?
How do I go about getting my card?
This is the story of how a hatchet-wielding hitchhiker saved the day during an incredibly bizarre sequence of events to become the latest Daily Caller Patriot. (RELATED: Daily Caller Patriot: William ‘Third Eagle Apocalypse' Tapley)
(A Daily Caller Patriot is defined as, “Someone who stands up for individual liberty in the most awesomely ridiculous, obnoxious or just outright stupid way possible.” We don't hand these out very often, so it is kind of a big deal when we do.)
A homeless hitchhiker in Fresno, Calif. scored a ride over Sunday with a 300-pound man claiming to be Jesus Christ. The man has not been identified, so we will refer to them as “Jesus.”
Although they deigned to pick up a hitchhiker, “Jesus” wasn't so charitable after all, since they then decided to purposefully pin a pedestrian between their car and another truck because in addition to being insane, they are also racist.
“He comes driving down this way, and he's like, ‘ You know what, I've come to realize I'm Jesus Christ and I can do anything I fucking want to,'” our Daily Caller Patriot, who was in the passenger seat at the time explained. The driver then ran into the pedestrian and locked them in between two cars.
After “Jesus” pinned the innocent man between two vehicles, two female witnesses ran to the scene to try to help them because they thought they had accidentally driven into the pedestrian.
“Jesus” then grabbed one of the women as if they were going to hurt them This is when the homeless hitchhiker intervened.
“Like, a guy that big can snap a woman's neck like a pencil stick!” TheDC Patriot told a KPMH FOX-26 reporter. “So I fucking ran up behind them with a hatchet — SMASH, SMASH, SUMASH!”
The female victim told the reporter that the hitchhiker saved their lives, to which TheDC Patriot humbly replied, “That woman was in danger. [The driver] just finished — what looked like at the time — killing somebody. And if I hadn't have done that, they would have killed more people.”
Because of homeless, hatchet-wielding hitchhiker, none of the parties involved suffered any life-threatening injuries, and the insane Jesus is in police custody.
WATCH: (Warning — explicit, yet hilarious language.)
Follow Taylor on Twitter
Source: Thinkstock
Since the economic recession began in 2008, Americans have increasingly lost faith in corporate financial institutions. With comparable if not superior offerings, credit unions have become a popular and sensible alternative to large banks. Credit unions and banks offer many of the same financial products, such as checking and savings accounts, CDs, credit cards, loans, and mortgages. However, according to a Bankrate study, as of 2012, less than a third of Americans were members of a credit union. Regardless, credit unions are increasing in popularity as Americans continue to lose trust in for-profit banking enterprises. A 2013 Gallup poll found that 74% of Americans had “some or very little confidence” in banks, and only 10% said they had a “great deal” of confidence.
Credit unions are known for their superior customer service and support for local communities. Some claim that credit union members have to sacrifice accessibility and technology, but more and more credit unions are proving they can keep up. Today's credit unions sometimes reimburse ATM fees incurred at other locations. Many credit unions have also joined forces through the CO-OP ATM network or other shared branch alliances to offer members convenient out-of-state access.
To choose the best financial institution, the key is to gather all of the relevant information. While banks have large advertising budgets and flashy websites and apps, most credit unions have the advantage of actually being better for the average person's financial health. According to the Credit Union National Association (CUNA), these not-for-profit institutions gained 1.3 million new members last year, as well as a new record high for total members. Here are five reasons why more Americans are turning away from banks and toward credit unions.
1. Credit unions are not-for-profit
One of the key differences between banks and credit unions is that credit unions are not-for-profit institutions. At a credit union, what you think of as a checking account is called a “share draft.” In this way, credit union members are essentially partial owners of a co-op. Banks, in contrast, answer to a number of powerful investors. This means they are more likely to take risks with your money and charge high fees and interest rates to ensure a profit. While the interests of a credit union principally end with its members, the banking industry strategically shuffles loans and mortgages to various lenders, spends billions on advertising, and uses its funds to lobby against credit unions — all to ensure the highest possible return.
2. Community enrichment
At a credit union, members are essentially buying shares of a company. Rather than being considered a customer, members are shareholders of a local cooperative. Perhaps the reason credit unions are known for superior customer service is because in essence, it isn't a relationship between business and customer, but between partners with a shared stake. Credit unions require that you are a member of a particular group with shared interests, whether it is the industry you work in or simply the region where you live.
3. Fee-free accounts
Many account holders at banks have been forced to adjust to higher minimum balance requirements and fees. The promise of a fee-free checking account has drawn many to credit unions in recent years. According to Bankrate's 2012 credit union checking survey, 72% of the credit unions surveyed had no minimum balance requirements to avoid fees. In cases where fees apply, they are frequently lower at credit unions than banks.
4. Better interest rates
Interest rates on mortgages, loans, and even credit cards tend to be lower at community credit unions. Many credit unions have less strict loan eligibility requirements and are understanding of special circumstances such as self-employment that may be unattractive to banks. Not only are fees and interest rates typically lower, but savings accounts, CDs, and bonds usually yield higher returns at credit unions.
5. Your money is protected
Bank proponents sometimes point to the fact that deposits in credit unions aren't covered by the FDIC. However, federal credit unions are required to be members of the National Credit Union Share Insurance Fund (NCUSIF). Deposits at credit unions are insured up to $250,000 — the same goes for banks. Others argue that your money is in fact safer in the hands of a small-scale, local credit union because a bank is more likely to shuffle funds and loans around to questionable lenders, rather than keeping money in the community. Ultimately, making the best financial choice depends on your needs and how well you inform yourself about your options. But always keep in mind that at a profit-driven institution, your questions will be answered by, in essence, a sales representative.
More from Personal Finance Cheat Sheet:
Hello LEGO & STAR WARS Fans out there,
today I wanted to show you my LEGO STAR WARS SKYLINE Set which I created.
First of all, why did I create this?
• I talked already pretty often with people who said, that they would love a STAR WARS set which is small, but pretty enough to put onto their office-desk, dvd-shelf or similair.
• Also I often heard that people would love to see a tiny version of the Death Star, a pretty awesome set which is already made as a big version (twice). But nothing small to decorate your home with.
So I thought about it and came to the conclusion that this would perfectly fit into a architecture skylines theme. Both are very popular, especially among adults so I decided to merge ARCHITECTURE and STAR WARS together.
I picked some popular locations from STAR WARS to choose what "buildings" I wanted to use.
There we've got the little house from Tatooine, the palace from Naboo, the Death Star and the floating city from Bespin.
I also wanted the set to be as affordable as possible so I oriented on the Venice and Berlin Skyline Version which both have between 200 and 300 pieces and cost around 29.99€.
My Star Wars Skyline has 225 pieces and maybe could be even build a little bit more close together to save some pieces and maybe get sold for 24.99€. Or 29.99€ since I'm not sure about the license.
Thank you for your attention, if you want this set to be released I would appreciate it if you could support me on the Lego Ideas webside and share it on social media. Just hit the blue support button on the right (:
ADDITIONAL:
1) On one of the images there is a wrong colored beam under the death star, please ignore it (:
2) I didn't found anything similair in the depth of the internet so I think my idea should be quite unique and hopefully find alot of fans and supporters.
By
NoDa Brewing Co. released the label for Coco Loco Porter, which they've brewed since they opened in October of 2011. Now, three years later, the beer will join Hop Drop ‘n Roll, Jam Session and CAVU as their fourth canned beer when it hits shelves starting on Tuesday, Nov. 18.
The porter won a silver medal at the Great American Beer Festival in 2012 (and since there was no gold awarded, that was the highest-ranked beer in the Robust Porter category that year).
Like their other three canned beers, the label for Coco Loco was designed by the folks at Saturday Brand Communications. For this one, the brewery wanted to continue with the vintage aesthetic while tying in the coconut without specifically having it on the can, according to president Suzie Ford.
The copy reads: “Enjoy the blend of chocolate and brown malts in this robust porter with crazy-rich color and ruby highlights. The subtle bitterness of chocolate is balanced by sweet, organic toasted coconut. Perfect to pair with food or just enjoy alone. So go nuts, you'll be glad you did.”
Four-packs of the beer will retail for $10.99, as it's a more expensive beer to make than Jam Session and CAVU. At the taproom, the brewery will offer mixed four-packs of their full lineup of cans.
Cape Town – The rand tanked on Monday after the Public Protector recommended changes to the Constitution that would see the removal of a clause to protect the currency.
THE LATEST IN THIS STORY:
The rand sank by 1.44% to trade at R13 to the dollar at 14:25.
Public Protector Busisiwe Mkhwebane announced their findings after their investigation into the South African Reserve Bank's assistance to Bankorp between 1985 and 1995, which Absa bought in 1992. They want Absa to repay R1.125bn, a move the bank refutes as it believes it has paid all money owed.
READ: Absa: No obligation to pay R1.125bn bailout
However, their big remedial action was a recommendation that the Portfolio Committee on Justice and Correctional Services change the Constitution.
It “must initiate a process that will result in the amendment of section 224 of the Constitution, in pursuit of improving socio-economic conditions of the citizens of the republic, by introducing a motion in terms of section 73(2) of the Constitution in the National Assembly and thereafter deal with matter in terms of section 74(5) and (6) of the Constitution".
They want section 224 of the Constitution to read:
“The primary object of the South African Reserve Bank is to promote balanced and sustainable economic growth in the Republic, while ensuring that the socio-economic well-being of the citizens are protected.
“The South African Reserve Bank, in pursuit of its primary object, must perform its functions independently and without fear, favour or prejudice, while ensuring that there must be regular consultation between the Bank and Parliament to achieve meaningful socio-economic transformation.”
Mkhwebane's suggestion removes reference to “protect the value of the currency”, Bloomberg told traders on Monday.
The Constitution currently states: "The primary object of the South African Reserve Bank is to protect the value of the currency in the interest of balanced and sustainable economic growth in the Republic."
GRAPH: See how rand tanked on the news (Source: Bloomberg)
Opening Pandora's box
Nomura economist Peter Montalto said the rand is taking a knock because it's “not a good headline … it's a live wire issue”.
“Even if a change here is not likely to actually occur, the risk of it is important to markets and ratings agencies,” they said in an emailed comment to investors.
“This is quite unusual that a Public Protector has been so specific on changing the Constitution or indeed be so radical on transformation.”
“This is touching the real last Pandora's box,” they said. “Note, whilst the PP is meant to be independent they are widely viewed as a Zuma loyalist.
“I don't think this is going to happen in the short to medium run. The ANC cannot really muster the support to change the Constitution in Parliament and would require a two-thirds majority.
“What the worry is here is that actually it's much, much easier than that. You just need a new MPC (monetary policy committee) mandate, which is done by a letter from the FinMin to MPC and can be done technically at any time.
“I do not think (Finance Minister Malusi) Gigaba is going to do that, but this raises the risk and promotes the idea in public debate about how secure this last bastion of an institution is.
“The SARB is also one of few ratings positives for the ratings agencies,” they said. “The very fact this issue is being raised and the SARB dragged into the debate is negative.
“However, I see the SARB leadership strongly and resolutely defending their independence and existing mandate including via court action if necessary.”
SUBSCRIBE FOR FREE UPDATE: Get Fin24's top morning business news and opinions in your inbox
Andy Murray criticised the state of the baselines on Centre Court during their win against Fabio Fognini
Andy and Jamie Murray have become the latest players to criticise the state of the courts at Wimbledon this year.
France's 12th seed Kristina Mladenovic complained about a "damaged" court in their second-round defeat on Thursday.
Following their four-set win against against Fabio Fognini on Centre Court, Andy Murray said the court conditions were "not as good as previous years", while Jamie added they "weren't good."
Italian Fognini went further, saying they are "really, really bad".
Temperatures have reached 30C in the first week at Wimbledon, with little rain.
Head groundsman Neil Stubley said: "Obviously we're dealing with the extreme heat, which we're not used to every single Championships.
"There's not a doubt in our minds that the courts will be as good as they need to be for the end of the Championships."
The first week of last year's tournament was affected by bad weather, with organisers forced to schedule matches on the middle Sunday.
At one point in Friday's third-round match, a return from Fognini bounced on the baseline underneath Andy Murray's racket.
"There are quite a few spots on the court, just behind the baseline and just in front of the baseline, where there are quite big lumps of grass, almost like little divots there, which I don't remember really being the case before," defending champion Murray said.
"I don't think the court is in as good a condition as previous years.
"I don't know if it's anything to do with the weather that they've had over the last few weeks and months. It's been pretty hot, pretty extreme conditions. Not much rain."
The 30-year-old is back on Centre Court against Frenchman Benoit Paire on Monday.
And they added: "The court, when I played the first match, was great. I think it's just getting a bit beaten up early. A few of the players have said that about some of the outside courts as well."
Mladenovic slipped on the court during their three-set defeat
Mladenovic twisted an ankle in the warm-up and damaged a knee during their defeat by American Alison Riske on court 18.
They said both players wanted to stop after only two games "in case something bad happened".
Jamie Murray was knocked out of the men's doubles in the second round on Friday on court 18.
They told the Times: "Wimbledon think they're the best tournament in the world, so they need to be held to those standards, and I don't think that this year the courts were [of] as high a standard as they could have been."
Despite their strong criticism, Fognini agreed that the hot conditions had caused the problem, saying: "They do the best that they can. It's not their fault. I think this year was really sunny days, so the grass is not really good like the last years."
Stubley added: "The players have their reasons why they're saying they're more slippery. I don't know if there's been more slips this year or whether it's just a couple of high-profile ones.
"We listen to players, because their feedback is important. But the data shows to us those courts that are in question are within range of the other courts, and they are within the range of previous years."
Cooler temperatures are forecast for the second week, but there is currently no rain predicted.
About
Who are we and what are we doing?
We are a team of Communication students that attend the University of Southern California (USC). Everyday, we are educated by our professors about the effects of media exposure on the masses, taking into account the new mediums that people conform to. The extensive pages of studies we are instructed to read, cover the effects of various types of media on individuals, but in all those pages, no one studies us-the students learning about the various types of people and the ways they are affected by a particular cereal commercial.
We are setting out to change this. By publishing our first Kickstarter campaign, "Glass in the Class", we set out to make a webisode series about the way Google Glass plays a role in a college setting. To clarify, the webisodes will not solely be composed of us wearing Glass, but mainly with the information and statistics we are able to generate after using them.
We will study the ways Glass improves learning in the classroom, as well as around campus. New episodes will be released weekly, which include clips from events taking place that week and findings about how Glass improves or worsens the learning experience for students. Through the use of research, studies that will be conducted, and findings, the webisodes will provide viewers with an understanding of how Google Glass will affect learning.
What process will you use when conducting the study?
In order to conduct our study, we have reached out to professors at our University in order to use Google Glass while they are lecturing and many have accepted. The study will be based on the three team members and the ways Google Glass affects heir learning patterns.
For example, for a week, one team member would use Google Glass to take notes using Evernote, search the web for additional facts about what the professor is teaching, and to record the lecture. Simultaneously, another team member would be sitting in the next seat, taking notes manually, like the rest of the class and at the end of the week, productivity levels will be measured by the amount of information that is retained by each student. After we run through the three team members, we will begin to monitor students in the class until we reach 50 students. After conducting the study on the 50 student panel, our findings will be compiled and we will put them out for everyone to see.
Why should I help you?
We have brought our project to Kickstarter for funding, because we want to operate independently from the University. We would like to cover all costs for the study so we can offer our published findings to Universities across the world, rather than a single school. Our findings will help transform the way schools view Google Glass and will aid in their decision to allow the product in classrooms or not. This is a one-of-a-kind opportunity to change the education system, because we don't come across the opportunity everyday to introduce a new method of learning to students around the world.
I want to pledge $50, but what will the T-shirt look like?
We're glad you asked! The shirts have been designed and come in any size. Here's a mockup:
What does your pledge cover?
Funding costs will bridge the gap between money we have raised and the money we still need for the first year of production and the cost of conducting studies. You will contribute to ignite the first research study about Google Glass and it's benefits in an educational setting. The research and findings that come out of the webisodes and studies will go directly into a journal that will be published for Universities around the world to consult when deciding whether or not to allow Glass in the Class (excuse my pun).
The other day the web went a little wild over news that Windows Phone was outselling iPhones in seven countries. Crazy right? Whether or not the iPhone is king in terms of marketshare is irrelevant, it's the bar that any OEM or OS wants to beat. So where did Windows Phone beat out the iPhone?
The following countries are just the places you'd expect Windows Phone to beat out Apple.
Argentina
India
Poland
Russia
South Africa
Ukraine
Croatia and other central/eastern European countries (all listed together)
As usual, this information comes courtesy of research firm IDC. Reporting for The New York Times, Nick Wingfield was able to get Kevin Restivo at IDC to share the list of countries Windows Phone was beating Apple. Adding some more salt in the wound, these aren't exactly big markets. In each country less than 100,000 Windows Phone units were shipped. Not exactly huge numbers, but I guess still a win for Windows Phone.
Source: NY Times, Via: The Verge
Commerce Secretary Gary Locke was in Nashville, TN on Monday to speak to an audience of people mostly in the country music industry. They were there to reinforce the Obama administration's commitment to cracking down on music piracy on the Internet.As the Washington Post reports , total revenues for recorded music in the United States dropped from $14.6 billion in 1999 to $7.7 billion in 2008. Locke also made mention of the growth of the digital music downloads, which reached $3.1 billion in 2009, up 19 percent from the previous year. The drop appears huge, but it's hard to know exactly what it means. Did piracy have an impact on the music industry? Probably. But did it actually cost it $7 billion? That's yet to be seen.Locke made reference to the June discussions of "the Administration's recent release of a Joint Strategic Plan by the newly created Intellectual Property Enforcement Coordinator reflects the depth of our commitment to curb intellectual property piracy both here and abroad." Quoting Vice President Biden, Locke reiterated the administration's policy that "Locke professed that "this copyright and patent framework needs to evolve to meet the evolving challenges of the 21st century." Yet the biggest problem is that we the concerned citizenry don't see what is being done. So while Locke might report that the "(Commerce) Department is also conducting a comprehensive review of the relationship among copyright policy, creativity, and innovation in the Internet economy," all we hear about is enormous fines being levied against poor grandmothers who have never heard of LimeWire.Media piracy is a complicated issue. Locke quoted President Obama, saying that, “single greatest asset is the innovation and ingenuity and creativity of the American people." This is a particularly interesting sentence because it addresses virtual goods: the immaterial products of patents, IP, and copyrightable materials. Not only does it involve the intangible, it increasingly is wrapped up in global policies and international law.It would have been more productive had Locke come together with the members of the recording industry to discuss the plans of both sides. There were no plans of the industry's plans to innovate in light of the rapid technology shifts in media consumption. There was no discussion of whether piracy numbers were up or down (as has been extensively debated elsewhere) and why that might be. Without any actual discussion, it's hard to see Locke's visit to Nashville as anything more than reassuring a giant media industry that the government cares.Discussions of media piracy are always a touchy subject, inciting emotionally charged responses dealing with politics of all sorts. We'd like to know your take on Locke's visit and the issues at hand, but remember to be civil!
VENEZIA
Toscani contro i veneti: «Ubriaconi,
tutti alcolizzati, basta sentire l'accento»
Il fotografo alla trasmissione La Zanzara: poveretti non è colpa loro se sono nati in quel posto
VENEZIA Oliviero Toscani intervenendo alla trasmissione radiofonica La Zanzara su Radio 24 ha definito i veneti «un popolo di ubriaconi e alcolizzati. Poveretti, non è colpa loro se nascono in Veneto».
A Zaia risponde il governatore del Veneto Luca Zaia , che chiede a Oliviero Toscani di rettificare le sue parole o di chiedere scusa ai veneti. «Ho cose più importanti cui dedicarmi, - dice Zaia - . Tuttavia di fronte a frasi come “i veneti sono un popolo di ubriaconi e alcolizzati”, ma soprattutto davanti al riferimento a padri, madri e nonni, credo che il dovere di un presidente del Veneto che tutti rappresenta sia quello di fare chiarezza. Chiedo quindi al signor Toscani, che ben conosce la nostra terra dove ha avuto modo di lavorare credo con soddisfazione, o di rettificare eventuali cattive interpretazioni delle sue parole o di cogliere l'occasione per scusarsi immediatamente con 5 milioni di veneti».
«I veneti - ha concluso - conoscono la tolleranza però sanno anche che la libertà di ognuno di noi finisce dove comincia quella degli altri. Per il futuro un consiglio, ripetere spesso un antico adagio veneziano che così recita: prima de parlar tasi!».
Strong winds caused dangerous conditions in Toronto on Sunday, including fallen trees, downed wires and flying objects, Toronto police warned.
A special weather statement is also in effect for the City of Toronto, advising of flurries and possibly icy roads.
The Government of Canada website says temperatures are set to fall below freezing early this evening, and there is potential for roads to be icy through Monday morning.
Tree uprooted, transit lights down
High winds uprooted a large tree in front of a Toronto elementary school on Sunday.
Toronto police said the tree at Huron Street and Lowther Avenue brought down some wires. The area, in front of Huron Street Junior Public School, was taped off and officers closed one lane on Huron Street.
High winds took their toll on these traffic lights at Spadina and Nassau Street. (CBC)
High winds also brought down a set of transit signals at Spadina Avenue and Nassau Street on Sunday.
The pole was leaning into live streetcar wires and the 510 Spadina streetcar was temporarily diverted, as crews came in to fix the pole.
PUBLIC SAFETY ADVISORY:<br>City of Toronto<br>-High winds causing dangerous conditions<br>-Wires down, fallen trees, loose objects flying...etc<br>^dh —@TPSOperations
Tree down in Markham
The weather also brought down a large tree branch in Markham, Ont., north of Toronto, which knocked out power to thousands of people for a few hours on Sunday morning.
John Olthuis, manager of customer communications at PowerStream Inc., said about 12,000 customers in Markham lost power starting at 9:20 a.m.
By noon, power had been restored to almost all customers in Markham.
UPDATE: Very happy to report that the vast majority of customer in <a href="https://twitter.com/cityofmarkham">@cityofmarkham</a> have now been restored. Only just over 100 remain. ^jo —@PowerStreamNews
Olthuis said crews restored power to customers in stages.
"We had a limb come down over a line that was a main feeder," they said.
Olthuis said the utility added crews to get the power restored sooner than expected.
Crews are responding to 109 outages affecting over 8,000 customers. Thank you for your patience. —@HydroOne
Thousands of customers without power
Meanwhile across southern and central Ontario, thousands of Hydro One customer were also without power due to high winds, downed trees and power lines.
Dana Gardner, spokesperson for Hydro One, said the utility is working as quickly and safely as possible to restore power, but restoration times depend on the local area.
The outages are concentrated in southern and central Ontario, they said.
They said Hydro One's storm outage maps on its website are updated every 15 minutes.
GAZA/JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit and hundreds of Palestinians crossed Israel's borders in opposite directions on Tuesday as a thousand-for-one prisoner swap brought joy to families but did little to ease decades of conflict.
In one of the biggest ever such exchanges between the two sides, a pale and gaunt Sergeant Shalit was flown to their parents' home in northern Israel after more than five years held incommunicado by Hamas in the Gaza Strip, while a first 477 of over 1,000 Palestinians to be released under the bargain left Israeli jails for Gaza, the West Bank and abroad.
Flag-waving crowds greeted long unseen loved ones as heroes and uncompromising talk on either side left few illusions for world leaders who urged Israel and the divided Palestinian factions to build on the long-awaited bargain brokered by Germany and Egypt to reopen wider peace negotiations.
In an interview with Egyptian television as they passed through on their way from Gaza, a visibly weak and dazed Shalit, 25, said of 5,000 Palestinians who remain in Israeli jails: “I hope this deal will promote peace between Israel and the Palestinians.”
But, while leaders of Islamist Hamas and their secular rivals in President Mahmoud Abbas's Fatah movement made mildly conciliatory comments about each other's role in achieving the deal, there was no sign of warmth across the front line of the struggle for land and security between Palestinians and Israel.
“The people want a new Gilad!” chanted thousands at a rally in Gaza where Hamas leaders trumpeted their feat in holding on to their captive, even when thousands of Israeli troops swept through the coastal strip in early 2009 in a war against Hamas rocket teams that left over 1,400 Gazans dead.
“VICTORY”
Local Hamas leader Ismail Haniyeh, surrounded by former prisoners decked out in the green of the Islamist party, told a cheering crowd: “The enemy retreated, Shalit remained in the hands of the holy warriors and today we have victory.”
In Cairo, where some of those released gathered before being sent into enforced exile, Hamas's supreme leader Khaled Meshaal praised the actions that had led to some of them spending decades in prison and made clear the war was not over:
“Those whose hands are and will remain on triggers are the honor of Palestine,” they said, promising eventual triumph.
“Negotiation based on power forces the enemy to pay the price,” Meshaal said. “We have defeated the Israelis.”
In the West Bank, still the stronghold of Abbas after Hamas drove their secular Fatah movement out of Gaza following Israel's tactical withdrawal from the smaller territory in 2005, youths throwing stones clashed with teargas-firing Israeli troops.
Abbas is shunned by Hamas as pawn of Israel and its Western allies but has angered Israel and the United States by shunning long-stalled negotiations and seeking direct United Nations recognition of Palestinian statehood. They used the occasion to assure supporters: “You will see the results of your struggle in the independent state, with its capital Jerusalem.”
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who faced some tough questions from fellow right-wingers after agreeing to free hundreds of those who attacked and killed Israelis over the years, had strong words for those released:
Any who “returned to terror” would be “taking their life into their own hands,” said Netanyahu, who called it a “difficult day” for relatives of Israelis killed in violence.
Such sentiments, however, were largely overwhelmed by the sight of Israelis welcoming home a young man, captured from their tank in a border raid when they were just 19, whose safe return was portrayed as Jewish Biblical imperative.
“I brought your boy home,” Netanyahu said they told Shalit's parents, as they waited with them at an air base.
“Our son has been reborn,” their father Noam said outside their home in a village in the hills near the Lebanese border. They told wellwishers that Shalit had some health problems due to lack of sunlight and of care for shrapnel wounds possibly sustained when they were snatched in a border raid in which two comrades died.
Israel has a history of trading captives for some of the few Israelis taken prisoner by Arab enemies, and has also granted releases in exchange for the return of human remains.
“NO REGRETS”
In Ramallah, near Jerusalem, Qahera Assadi fainted after embracing their family again, nine years after being jailed for their part in helping an Islamic Jihad suicide bomber
“I must be dreaming,” said Assadi, 34, as they greeted their husband and four children. “I did what I did in defense of my nation and children and have no regrets at all. I was kidnapped from my children and spent a decade in prison.”
Gilad Shalit, their breathing labored, told Egyptian television in an interview: “I missed my family very much.” They acknowledged it was nerve-wracking to be whisked from their lonely seclusion.
The conscript soldier, not seen since a 2009 video, said they had feared they would be held “for many more years.”
Hundreds of flag-waving neighbors and sightseers lined the streets near their home. Many danced as a ceremonial shofar horn was blown when they arrived at nightfall after a day that they began, as nearly 2,000 before, hidden away somewhere in Gaza.
Wellwishers threw flowers and uncorked champagne as Shalit arrived by military helicopter at Mitzpe Hila. Dressed again in army fatigues after being released wearing a casual shirt, they managed one shy wave before being whisked into the family home.
Gilad Shalit walks with their father Noam (R), Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Defence Minister Ehud Barak at Tel Nof air base in central Israel, in a photo released by the Prime Minister's Office, October 18, 2011. REUTERS/PMO/Handout
Shalit has been popularly portrayed as “everyone's son” and polls showed a huge majority of Israelis backed the deal.
A military statement said Shalit was in good health and the army released photographs of him, back in uniform and spectacles, saluting Netanyahu. But witnesses said Shalit felt nauseous and weak on their arrival in Israel and needed oxygen.
Egypt helped to mediate the deal, and its army-backed interim government has sought to revive a role as a diplomatic linchpin in the Middle East. Negotiations had been going on long before U.S.-backed leader Hosni Mubarak was overthrown in February and the successful conclusion indicated a will in Cairo to play a part, despite post-Mubarak tension with Israel.
Under the terms of the deal, 40 of those who had been jailed for involvement in deadly attacks were being deported from Palestinian territory. Turkey confirmed it would take in around 10, while others were destined for Syria and Qatar.
After the 477 freed on Tuesday, a further 550 Palestinians will be released soon.
STALEMATE
U.S. President Barack Obama said they wanted Israelis and Palestinians “to take steps that make it easier to return to negotiations than harder.”
French President Nicolas Sarkozy said they hoped for “new momentum” to dialogue between the two sides.
But it appeared unlikely the prisoner exchange agreed by the two bitter enemies would have any immediate impact on Israeli-Palestinian negotiations that broke down last year.
It was announced on the eve of the swap that international efforts to revive peace talks that collapsed 13 months ago in a dispute over Israeli settlement-building had failed to bring both sides together for meetings set for October 26 in Jerusalem.
Envoys from the Quartet of mediators — the United States, the European Union, Russia and the United Nations — will instead hold separate sessions with Israeli and Palestinian officials. Hamas opposes the peace process.
Palestinians set free included Nasser Yatayma, serving a life sentence for involvement in a suicide bombing that killed 30 people attending a Jewish Passover seder, or traditional meal, in a hotel in central Israel in 2002.
Amana Mona, a Palestinian activist from the West Bank, was also released. They were jailed for life for using an Internet chatroom and promises of sex to lure a 16-year-old Israeli to their death in 2001, when they were 24.
Shalit was abducted in June 2006 by militants who tunneled into Israel from the Gaza Strip and surprised their tank crew, killing two of their comrades.
Slideshow (5 Images)
Israel, which withdrew troops and a few thousand Jewish settlers from Gaza in 2005, tightened its blockade of the strip's 1.5 million people after Shalit's capture.
The isolation has helped deepen a rift between Palestinian leaders. While investment has flowed in to the occupied West Bank, home to 2.5 million, while Gaza is cut off, impoverished and effectively engaged in sporadic war with Israel.
Donald Trump at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland. Photo by Jason Bergman
Donald Trump is a difficult presidential candidate for the media to cover because, at bottom, they have no idea what he's talking about and doesn't care. He's the¯\_(ツ)_/¯ candidate, the avatar of the faction of the right that loves fake viral stories about Marines attacking atheist college professors. They speak the way YouTube commenters type, putting one word in front of another until something resembling a sentence tumbles out. To a professional class of pundits whose whole thing is parsing those sentences for meaning, this is extremely frustrating.
Take Trump's recent statement at a rally that Barack Obama is "the founder of ISIS. He's the founder of ISIS. He's the founder." This is obviously not true, and on Thursday, conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt gave Trump the chance to expand on that statement: "I know what you meant. You meant that they created the vacuum, they lost the peace," Hewitt said.
"No, I meant he's the founder of ISIS. I do. They were the most valuable player. I give them the most valuable player award. I give her, too, by the way, Hillary Clinton," replied Trump.
Hewitt: "But he's not sympathetic to them. They hate them. He's trying to kill them."
Trump: "I don't care. They were the founder. His, the way they got out of Iraq was that that was the founding of ISIS, OK?"
Hours later, Trump was mocking people for taking them so seriously, prompting a whole new wave of stories. The circle of life!
Trump is unique among politicians for their ability to say things that they don't mean. They change their positions on important topics like their proposed ban on Muslim immigration, they routinely deny saying things they did in fact say, and sometimes he'll simply claim they were just joking. Their go-to move is to throw up a cloud of words that sort of resemble something someone might say, then move on.
Earlier this week, when they made their much-criticized remarks that many took to be a veiled threat (or not-so-veiled) at Hillary Clinton, what they actually said, according to a Time transcript, was:
"Hillary wants to abolish —essentially abolish the Second Amendment. By the way, and if they get to pick, if they get to pick them judges, nothing you can do, folks. Although the Second Amendment people, maybe there is. I don't know. But—but I'll tell you what. That will be a horrible day. If—if Hillary gets to put their judges—right now, we're tied. You see what's going on."
The logical way you would parse that he's saying, If Clinton gets to pick judges—which means she'll be president—there won't be anything we can do about it. But wait, maybe the "Second Amendment people" can do something...
That interpretation, though, assumes that Trump is thinking more than two or three words ahead of himself. It assumes that Trump isn't making this up as they go along, not even day by day but syllable by syllable, like a sitcom character inventing increasingly implausible and impractical lies in an attempt to weasel out of an embarrassing situation.
The embarrassing situation, of course, is that Trump has become the Republican candidate for president, which according to their former strategist was never part of their plan. But now he's here and doesn't know what to do, so they do what comes instinctively—he keeps talking.
Naturally, nearly every time they open their mouth they say something not just controversial but outright wrong. On Thursday, they told the Miami Herald that they would be "fine" with trying US citizens charged with terrorism in Guantanamo Bay—which would be illegal, and likely impossible thanks to the Sixth Amendment. But it's also obvious that they haven't thought for more than five seconds about the issue, and equally obvious that he'd probably give a different answer if you asked them about it today. So what do you do with that, if you're in the business of trying to figure Trump out, either as a member of the press or an interested voter?
Trump can't be reduced to the sum of the things they say. They brag openly about their inscrutability, the inability non-supporters have to explain or even define him. The language of politics is cautious, precise, and neutered, full of jargon and technicalities. When candidates speak it well, it makes it easy for the press—let's break down the details of Hillary Clinton's healthcare plan!—but Trump is appealing to a certain segment of the population precisely because they are a break from all that bullshit. They speak bluntly, off the cuff, with a disregard for the facts, and every wave of outrage is just another chance for them to demonstrate how much of an outsider they are.
Their habits of obfuscation, contradiction, and outright lying are not endearing to most undecided voters. But to their supporters, the words that come out of Trump's mouth are not the point; the point is that they are making the hated establishment upset, and nothing—not the media, not fellow Republicans—can shut them up.
Follow Harry Cheadle on Twitter.
Avert the Cataclysmic Return of Tiamat in this Adventure for the World's Greatest Roleplaying Game.
The Cult of the Dragon leads the charge in an unholy crusade to bring Tiamat back to the Realms, and the situation grows more perilous for good people with each passing moment. The battle becomes increasingly political as opportunities to gather allies and gain advantage present themselves. From Waterdeep to the Sea of Moving Ice to Thay, it is a race against Evil. Succeed or succumb to the oppression of draconic tyranny. Win or lose, things will never be the same again.
Online Supplements
To help with running The Rise of Tiamat, download and print the Council Scorecard or use the online statistics supplement without the need for the Monster Manual or Dungeon Master's Guide.
Item details
Price: $29.95 C$35.00
Release Date: 04 November, 2014
Format: TRPG Adventure
Where can I buy it?
Purchase it at your local game store, book stores such as Barnes & Noble, or online at retailers like Amazon.
You can also find this material at D&D Beyond.
Awards
ENnie Awards:
The winners of the 2015 ENnie Awards, an annual fan-based celebration of excellence in tabletop roleplaying gaming, were announced at this year's Gen Con.
Winner (Gold): Best Cover Art: Dungeons & Dragons (Rise of Tiamat)
Fantasy Grounds virtual tabletop
Native IPv6 On Comcast
Update 5/31/12: Scripts are now configurable and various bugs have been fixed.
Update 6/07/12: Broken link to if-up script fixed, typo in script fixed.
Update 10/30/15: Scripts moved to GitHub.
They're not advertising it, but Comcast is turning on IPv6 for all their California customers (and presumably others) who have a supported modem this week. Most people's equipment won't request v6 addresses yet, but for those running one of the Linksys-style devices that are set to do it by default, they will get a /64 and start advertising internally and voila, their network is IPv6-ified.
That's all well and good, but you're running a Linux firewall like a good geek, so how do you get the IPv6 goodness? It's actually not as straight-forward as you'd think, but I have all the bits worked out here so you can get up and running.
Lets talk about what we're going to be doing. We will…
Use DHCPv6 to request a prefix (a /64) on the external interface. Take that prefix, assign one address from it to the internal interface. Tell radvd to advertise that prefix to our internal network.
I have automted this whole process and included the scripts below… but we will first start by walking through it manually so you understand what's going on.
Get A Prefix
First, lets just look at how we get a prefix! Run the following command:
dhclient -6 -P -d -v $YOUR_EXTERNAL_INTERFACE
The -6 option is to run in IPv6 mode, the -P option says to request a prefix, and -d -v are debug and verbose so you can see what's going on.
In the output look at the line with IAPREFIX in it… that's your /64! However, dhclient won't do anything with that. (Depending on how new your dhclient is, if you did not use -P, then you'd get a single address which it would assign to eth1, but since we want our whole network to have IPv6, we requested a prefix. Older dhclient's would write out the lease file but not do anything with any addresses, even when not in prefix mode.)
Assign An Address To Your Box
So we want to do something with that. First, we need to assign some address in our /64 to our internal interface. Note that all routing is done via link-local addresses so your external interface doesn't need a global address. In theory we could do this manually, with something like:
ip addr add $PREFIX::1/64 dev $YOUR_INTERNAL_INTERFACE
So for example, if your prefix was 2001:a:b::/64 then the address there would be 2001:a:b::1/64. And don't forget to replace your internal interface there.
Accept Router Advertisements
Then we need to make sure we accept Router Advertisements (RA) so we know how to send traffic to the internet.
But first we need to understand something about IPv6 as well as something about linux's IPv6 implementation. The RFC states that if you're a router you shouldn't accept router advertisements (RA) – the rationale being that you're a router or your a host, but you are not both. Thus, even if you set net.ipv6.conf.all.accept_ra=1, if you also have ip_forward=1, linux will silently drop all RAs.
In our case, however we want to accept router advertisements on our external interface and send our own router advertisements on our internal interface. Fortunately, Linux added a new value to accept_ra which says “accept RAs even if ip_forward is on”… and that value is 2.
Sadly, in kernels before that was added (anything before 2.6.37), a value of 2 is accepted, but it has no benefit (it's treated the same as 1). In these older kernels you can set ip_forward=0 on the external interface and 1 on the internal interface and packets will still be forwarded and you will accept RAs. See this blog for more details.
Anyway, here's what we do to ensure we get RAs:
# Ensure we'll get router advertisements
sysctl -w net.ipv6.conf.$YOUR_EXTERNAL_INTERFACE.accept_ra=2
# Needed for kernels before 2.6.37, don't worry,
# forwarding will still work as long as you have it set
# on your other interface.
sysctl -w net.ipv6.conf.$YOUR_EXTERNAL_INTERFACE.forwarding=0
And with that you should have connectivity:
ping6 www.facebook.com
Advertising Your Space Internally
IPv6 is great at autoconfiguration, but in order for devices to configure themselves, we need to advertise our IPv6 space – and our selves as a router for that space – to the network. First, install radvd as appropriate for your distribution and create a config in /etc/radvd.conf that looks like this:
interface YOUR_INTERNAL_INTERFACE { AdvSendAdvert on; RDNSS 2001:4860:4860::8888 2001:4860:4860::8844 {}; prefix YOUR_PREFIX { AdvOnLink on; AdvAutonomous on; }; };
And replace “YOUR_INTERNAL_INTERFACE” with your internal interface and “YOUR_PREFIX” with your prefix. Start radvd and you should see devices on your network auto-configure ipv6 addresses and routes.
This config hands out Google DNS servers as the DNS servers, but you can change to taste.
Automating Everything
Well, it's neat that it works, but who wants to do that by hand on every boot? Ew.
Fortunately, dhclient is pluggable, so I wrote a dhclient-script to do that for us. Drop this into /etc/dhcp/dhclient-exit-hooks.d/ and call it something like ipv6.
#!/bin/bash # vim:tw=80:tabstop=2:shiftwidth=2 # Copyright (c) 2012-present, Phil Dibowitz # # All rights reserved. # # Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without # modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: # # * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, # this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. # * Redistributions in # binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of # conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other # materials provided with the distribution. # * Neither the name of the author nor the names of its contributors may be # used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without # specific prior written permission. # # THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" # AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE # IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE # ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE # LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR # CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF # SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS # INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN # CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) # ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE # POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. # # You can find the latest version of this at: # https://github.com/jaymzh/v6-gw-scripts # # Will, given a 'dhclient -6 -P ...' on $EXT_IFACE and assign the prefix # given to the $INT_IFACE, and twiddle radvd. # # For radvd, it takes /etc/radvd.conf.tmpl, replaces "__PREFIX__" with your # prefix, and - if it's different from /etc/radvd.conf - replaces the config # file and restarts the daemon. # # Change INT_IFACE or EXT_IFACE by setting them in the config file CONF='/etc/ipv6_prefix_dhclient.conf' INT_IFACE='eth0' EXT_IFACE='eth1' [ -r $CONF ] && . $CONF ipv6_prefix_setup() { current_ip=$(/sbin/ip -6 addr show dev $INT_IFACE scope global |\ /usr/bin/awk '/inet6/ {print $2}') current_prefix=$(echo $current_ip | /bin/sed -e 's@::1/64@::/64@') if [ "$current_prefix" == "$new_ip6_prefix" ] ; then return fi # Setup the new IP new_ip=$(echo $new_ip6_prefix | /bin/sed -e 's@::/64@::1/64@g') if [ ! -z "$current_ip" ] ; then ip -6 addr del $current_ip dev $INT_IFACE fi ip -6 addr add $new_ip dev $INT_IFACE # Ensure we'll get router advertisements sysctl -w "net.ipv6.conf.$EXT_IFACE.accept_ra=2" # Needed for kernels before 2.6.37, don't worry, # forwarding will still work as long as you have it set # on your other interface. sysctl -w "net.ipv6.conf.$EXT_IFACE.forwarding=0" # Update radvd tmpfile=/tmp/radvd.conf.$$ sed -e "s@__PREFIX__@$new_ip6_prefix@g" /etc/radvd.conf.tmpl > $tmpfile diff $tmpfile /etc/radvd.conf >/dev/null if [ $? == 1 ]; then mv $tmpfile /etc/radvd.conf /etc/init.d/radvd restart else rm $tmpfile fi } if [ "$interface" != "$EXT_IFACE" ] ; then return fi case "$reason" in BOUND6|REBIND6) # We will get called twice here - once for the temp address # and once for the prefix. We only care about the prefix. if [ ! -z "$new_ip6_prefix" ] ; then ipv6_prefix_setup fi ;; esac
Be sure to set the two variables at the top as appropriate.
This script does several things things:
Assign an IP from our prefix to the internal interface Set the sysctls as appropriate Configure radvd
It makes one assumption: that you have a templated radvd.conf file in /etc/radvd.conf.tmpl that has “__PREFIX__” instead of a prefix, ala:
interface YOUR_INTERNAL_INTERFACE { AdvSendAdvert on; RDNSS 2001:4860:4860::8888 2001:4860:4860::8844 {}; prefix __PREFIX__ { AdvOnLink on; AdvAutonomous on; }; };
This script is configurable… just drop a file in /etc/ipv6_prefix_dhclient.conf and define $INT_IFACE and $EXT_IFACE like so:
INT_IFACE='eth0' EXT_IFACE='eth1'
As before, this config hands out Google DNS servers as the DNS servers, but you can change to taste.
So now we have dhclient doing all of the configuration work for us, there's only one more piece: to launch dhclient correctly. For this, I dropped a simple script which fires off dhclient into /etc/network/if-up.d which I called 99-ipv6. This is Debian-like-distro specific, but you could do this with some ifup-local magic on Redhat-like-distros.
#!/bin/bash # vim:tw=80:tabstop=2:shiftwidth=2 # Copyright (c) 2012-present, Phil Dibowitz # # All rights reserved. # # Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without # modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: # # * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, # this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. # * Redistributions in # binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of # conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other # materials provided with the distribution. # * Neither the name of the author nor the names of its contributors may be # used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without # specific prior written permission. # # THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" # AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE # IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE # ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE # LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR # CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF # SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS # INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN # CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) # ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE # POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. # # You can find the latest version of this at: # https://github.com/jaymzh/v6-gw-scripts # # Debian-style if-up.d script for firing off dhclient for ipv6 # # Change EXT_IFACE by updating the config file CONF='/etc/ipv6_prefix_dhclient.conf' EXT_IFACE="eth1" [ -r $CONF ] && . $CONF # We only care about the external interface. if [ "$IFACE" != "$EXT_IFACE" ]; then exit 0 fi # Only run from ifup. if [ "$MODE" != start ]; then exit 0 fi # If there's a stale dhclient, kill it kills `cat /var/run/dhclient6.$IFACE.pid` # Start our new one dhclient -6 -P -pf /var/run/dhclient6.$IFACE.pid \ -lf /var/lib/dhcp/dhclient6.$IFACE.leases $IFACE & # reload firewall rules /etc/network/ip6tables reload exit 0
This script uses the same configuration file to determine the configuration of your network.
In my particular case I have a script /etc/network/ip6tables which setups my v6 firewall rules and is run here (and a similar one for v4 which I run as an if-up rule), but your configuration may differ.
You can find these scripts on GitHub.
Other Considerations
Some other thoughts:
iptables' conntrack module, until recently, couldn't statefully track dhcpv6. This was fixed with this patch but if you don't have the nf_conntrack_dhcpv6 module available in your kernel, you will need to allow ports UDP traffic to/from fe80::/10 and to port 546/from port 547.
Debian was using the old dhclient3 scripts (even after the move to isc-dhcp-client) until very recently. You need version 4.1.1-P1-17 or later to have basic IPv6 support
-phil
The Identical may have hit blu-ray last week but we're finally here to worn you about this movie.
"Elvis was never this sexy.
Wait a second....."
Thanks to Darren Aronofsky's atheist but brilliant Noah, the floodgates of bad evangelical Christian faith based movies burst open wide to cash in on the crest of the God-less film's success. More than ever, 2014 was the year inspirational Bible beaters dominated the multiplexes, beginning reasonably enough with Son of God, God's Not Dead before it crashed with a neurotic bang with Kirk Cameron's Saving Christmas.
The Identical slipped under the radar with little to no publicity. A real shame, because it's probably the most expensive, star studded chunk of unbridled insanity this year! At least Kirk Cameron had the good sense to do it practically for free in their backyard and didn't rob investors' wallets dry by subverting a worldwide cultural icon. In short, this work of fiction imagines Elvis Presley's stillborn identical twin brother not only lived, but the king themselves became a Christian rock star! Somewhere in between,slipped under the radar with little to no publicity. A real shame, because it's probably the most expensive, star studded chunk of unbridled insanity this year! At least Kirk Cameron had the good sense to do it practically for free in their backyard and didn't rob investors' wallets dry by subverting a worldwide cultural icon. In short, this work of fiction imagines Elvis Presley's stillborn identical twin brother not only lived, but the king themselves became a Christian rock star!
From inception on paper to production on film, The Identical is an aggressively awful train wreck of enormous proportions. First time director Dustin Marcellino, I am convinced, never met another human being before this movie. The plot, if it qualifies as one, is incoherent, nonsensical and free of conflict, giving viewers no veritable reason to sit through it other than some dogged measure of camp. Characters seem to age at different times, with Ashley Judd remaining in their 20s where Drexel as a teenager looks to be in their late 40s. Blake Rayne looks and sounds just like Elvis, and then you can just stop right there.
"I'm just sitting here holding
the pain of this movie inside
my sphincter. Ahhhhh....
what I would do to have the
Goodfellas years back."
The Identical is a brief mention of Elvis' name, which begs the question, if Elvis existed in the world of this movie, why would anyone care to see a bad ripoff artist like Drexel Hemsley who looks closer to Jack White of The White Stripes than The King. Watching Ray Liotta (seriously, why are they in this thing, let alone serve as executive producer on it?) try to play off of Rayne's inability to act is cloying and embarrassing to behold. For a premise that could have been genuinely interesting, asking what if Elvis' brother had lived, is wasted when nothing is done with it whatsoever. But probably the nuttiest thread withinis a brief mention of Elvis' name, which begs the question, if Elvis existed in the world of this movie, why would anyone care to see a bad ripoff artist like Drexel Hemsley who looks closer to Jack White of The White Stripes than The King.
Currently holding 7% on Rotten Tomatoes,
flopped like a dead animal, grossing a mere $2.8 million against its $16 million budget. One wonders how many starving children could have eaten instead of seeing a bad Elvis impersonator reimagined as the savior. Little to no advertising was given to the movie but quickly became the subject of internet scrutiny in the same manner
did. For the average viewer,
should be avoided like the plague. Fans of cinematic train wrecks that stink to high Heaven, it's a treasure trove of unintentional hilarity. The closest thing one can muster in the way of legitimate praise for
is that is believable imagines John C. Reilly's
as a faith based drama instead of a comedy.
Of the bottom 10 worst films of all time, The Identical absolutely belongs on the list!
Colombia is accusing President Chavez of financing genocide
Bush backs Colombia
They accused Mr Chavez of sponsoring and financing Colombian Farc rebels. Venezuela denies the charge.
Colombian officials say a laptop found during a raid on a Farc camp held files indicating Venezuela gave Farc $300m.
Colombian forces entered Ecuadoran territory to raid the camp, provoking protests and a diplomatic crisis.
The raid inside Ecuadorean territory left 17 rebels dead Attack on Colombia
Q&A: ICC
Venezuela and Ecuador have broken off ties with Colombia and moved troops to the Colombian border.
"Colombia proposes to denounce the president of Venezuela, Hugo Chavez, in the International Criminal Court for sponsoring and financing genocide," Mr Uribe said.
In Washington, President George W Bush said the United States fully supported Colombia. They condemned what they called "provocative manoeuvres" by the Venezuelan government.
Saturday's incursion by Colombian forces saw the killing of senior Farc commander Raul Reyes, and 16 others.
Colombian Vice-President Francisco Santos, speaking earlier at a disarmament conference in Geneva, said evidence of plans to make a dirty bomb - a bomb using radioactive material - was also found on the computer.
Reyes was Farc's first secretariat member to be killed in combat
Latin American powers including Chile, Mexico and Brazil have offered to mediate in the dispute. An emergency meeting of the Organization of American States is being held to discuss the crisis.
Farc - the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia - has been fighting for more than four decades with the declared aim of fairer wealth distribution.
However, analysts say it funds itself mainly through the cocaine trade, while holding hundreds of hostages it has kidnapped for ransom and political ends.
President Chavez and Venezuela have been involved in recent talks to free some of them.
In a statement, Farc said the raid had "dealt a serious blow" to negotiations for the release of the highest-profile hostage, the former Colombian presidential candidate Ingrid Betancourt.
They also hold French nationality by marriage.
Washington, D.C. -- Atheists and agnostics, Jews and Mormons are among the highest-scoring groups on a new survey of religious knowledge. They outperformed evangelical Protestants, mainline Protestants and Catholics on questions about the core teachings, history and leading figures of major world religions.
These are among the key findings of the "U.S. Religious Knowledge Survey," a nationwide poll conducted by the Pew Research Center's Forum on Religion & Public Life from May 19 through June 6, 2010, among 3,412 adults.
On average, Americans correctly answer 16 of the 32 religious knowledge questions on the survey. Atheists and agnostics average 20.9 correct answers. Jews and Mormons do about as well, averaging 20.5 and 20.3 correct answers, respectively. Protestants as a whole average 16 correct answers; Catholics as a whole, 14.7. Atheists and agnostics, Jews and Mormons perform better than other groups on the survey even after controlling for different levels of education.
On questions about Christianity (including the Bible), Mormons and white evangelical Protestants show the highest levels of knowledge. Jews, atheists and agnostics stand out for their knowledge of world religions, including Buddhism, Hinduism and Judaism. Jews, atheists and agnostics also do particularly well on questions about the role of religion in public life, including what the U.S. Constitution says about religion.
While previous surveys by the Pew Research Center have shown that America is among the most religious of the world's developed nations, this survey shows that large numbers of Americans are not well informed about the tenets, practices, history and leading figures of major faith traditions -- including their own. Many people also think that the constitutional restrictions on religion in public schools are stricter than they really are.
Additional findings include:
More than four-in-ten Catholics (45%) do not know that their church teaches that the bread and wine used in Communion do not merely symbolize, but actually become, the body and blood of Christ
About half of Protestants (53%) cannot correctly identify Martin Luther as the person whose writings and actions inspired the Protestant Reformation, which made their religion a separate branch of Christianity
Roughly four-in-ten Jews (43%) do not recognize that Maimonides, one of the most venerated rabbis in history, was Jewish
Fewer than half of Americans (47%) know that the Dalai Lama is Buddhist; fewer than four-in-ten (38%) correctly identify Vishnu and Shiva with Hinduism; and only about a quarter of all Americans (27%) know that most people in Indonesia are Muslims
There is widespread confusion over the line between teaching and preaching in public schools. Nine-in-ten Americans (89%) know that U.S. Supreme Court rulings do not allow teachers to lead public school classes in prayer. However two-thirds of people surveyed incorrectly say that Supreme Court rulings prevent public school teachers from reading from the Bible as an example of literature, and only 36% know that comparative religion classes may be taught in public schools.
Most Americans are able to correctly answer at least half of the survey's questions about the Bible. Roughly seven-in-ten (71%) know that, according to the Bible, Jesus was born in Bethlehem. More than six-in-ten (63%) can correctly name Genesis as the first book of the Bible.
Data from the survey indicate that educational attainment -- how much schooling an individual has completed -- is the single best predictor of religious knowledge. On average, college graduates answered nearly eight more questions correctly than those with a high school education or less. Religious knowledge is also higher among those who have taken a religion course in college. Other factors linked with religious knowledge include reading Scripture at least once a week and talking about religion with friends and family.
For those curious about their own religious knowledge, the online presentation of the "U.S. Religious Knowledge Survey" includes an interactive quiz that allows Web visitors to answer a selection of questions taken from the survey and compare their results to the nation as a whole and with various religious and demographic groups.
April
Update Notes Select a Different Update... 2018 Nov - Empyrea Part 2 Jul - Wizard City Revamp and Photomancy Apr - Hatchmaking Tome 2017 Nov - Empyrea Part 1 Jul - PvP Updates Apr - Monstrology 2016 Nov - Mirage Aug - Level 50 Elixir Apr - Daily Assignments 2015 Nov - Polaris Jul - Ultra Summer Apr - Jewel Socketing 2014 Nov - Four Dungeons Sep - Crown Shop Jul - Fishing Apr - Khrysalis Part 2, Level 100 Mar - Team Up! & Dungeon Recall Jan - Minor Updates 2013 Nov - Khrysalis Part 1, Shadow Magic, Castle Tours Aug - Aquila Dungeon Zone, Minions Jun - Tournaments, Instruments Apr - PvP Changes, Hairstyles, Events 2012 Dec - Food Fight, Misc. Updates Nov - Azteca, New Spells & More Sep - Decorating Elixir & More Aug - Mega Pets Jun - Misc. Updates May - Avalon Feb - Misc. Updates 2011 Nov - Zafaria Aug - Wysteria May - Wintertusk, New Spells & Pets Feb - Celestia Housing 2010 Dec - Gardening Oct - Celestia, New Schools, Level 60 Sep - Celebrity Guest Jul - Celestia Preview May - Advanced Pets 2009 Dec - School Housing Oct - Mounts, Crown Shop Jul - Grizzleheim, Bazaar, Crafting May - Castles & Lands, Voiceovers Apr - Quest Helper, New Spells, PvP Mar - Voiceovers, Shared Bank Feb - True Friends, Booster Packs Jan - Dragonspyre 2008 Oct - Zone Passes
April 2016 Welcome to the April 2016 Update Notes Page. What are Update Notes you ask? Every time we update Wizard101, we like to let our players know what changes have been made and what new additions have been given to the game. Update Notes explain those changes and updates.
This update includes Daily Assignments, New Skeleton Key Bosses, Zafaria Fishing, the Gear Vault and more! Contents Daily Assignments | Skeleton Key Bosses | Spells | Fishing | Housing
Quests | Miscellaneous Earn Daily Rewards Assignments Earn rewards for playing Wizard101 each day, with Daily Assignments. Wizards level 12 and above should visit Aegon Statz in Ravenwood to take on the quest “The Gravulum Order” for an introduction to Daily Assignments. Then, every day when you log in, you can either visit Aegon or the Gravulum Lodestone item in your home to see the assignment for the day. Assignments will send you all over the Spiral to defeat various foes and earn cumulative rewards.
Each day that you complete the Daily Assignment will grant a progressively better reward, with the 15th day providing the best reward possible. After you've completed the cycle, it will start over again and you can continue to earn more rewards.
Daily Assignments reward Gold, Arena Tickets, Crowns and more! If you are unable to complete a Daily Assignment, don't worry. You'll be able to pick back up where you left off at any time. New Challenges Skeleton Key Bosses Three new skeleton key bosses have been added for those Wizards in search of a new challenge. Bring a Wooden Skeleton Key and visit the Krokotopia Library to face off against the Rank 4 boss, Ra. A Stone Skeleton Key can be used to unlock a battle against the Rank 13 boss, Ixcax Cursedwing within Azteca's Black Sun Pyramid. Those in search of the highest level of challenge should bring a Gold Skeleton Key to River of Frozen Tears in Polaris to take on the rank 17 boss, Omen Stribog. Spend Training Points Spells The scholars of the Arcanum now have additional off-school spells to teach Wizards of at least Level 100. Each spell costs one training point to learn. Zander can teach Nature's Wrath and Forest Lord. Baba Yaga can teach Orthrus. Jaki Whisperwind can teach Power Nova. Tarrak Hadfield can teach Ice Trap and Frost Giant. Ignus Ferric can teach Fire Dragon. Ione Virga can teach Triton and Storm Lord. Qismah Shasa can teach Death Trap and Skeletal Dragon.
A new Star spell has been added to the Star School Trainer in Azteca. Devotion increases Life Damage by 25%, increases Power Pip chance by 5% and increases incoming Death damages by 10% for 4 rounds. To access this spell, Wizards must be at least level 84 and have completed the quest “Third Star on the Left” in Azteca.
Text on the front of many spell cards has been updated to more clearly represent the spell's effect. Please note, the actual effects of the spells have not been altered. Only the spell card text has changed.
Rejoice, Death Wizards! The spell Call of Khrulhu will now attack all targets at once.
Fixed an issue that prevented some players from seeing the spell casting animation of a cloaked spell in PVP.
Camera angles during the spell Insane Bolt have been adjusted.
The Myth Imp spell card artwork has been updated.
Fixed an issue that prevented Triage from removing damage over time effects.
The Insane Bolt card available from Ivanenko's Tiger is now listed as No PVP.
Fixed an issue that prevented a player from seeing the casting animation when they cast a Cloaked Area of Effect spell. New Fishing Location Fish, including some new species, can now be found swimming in the waters of Zafaria! Gear Vault Housing Wizards can now store additional items in their home with the new Gear Vault housing item. It can hold up to 100 items including Hats, Robes, Boots, Wands, Athames, Amulets and Rings. Place the Gear Vault in your house and click the “Open Gear Vault” icon while in the “Place Object” screen. This works similar to music players, aquariums and the Seed Vault. From there you can move items between the vault and your Backpack. You may only place two Gear Vaults in each of your houses, one inside and one outside. Gear Vaults can be purchased from the Crown Shop or crafted using a recipe available from Toshio in Mooshu.
The Penguinonian Rug is now listed under the Furniture tab, instead of Outdoor.
The Grand Tournament, Midnight Sun Pagoda and Winterbane Hall can now be placed inside of houses, when enough room is available.
Default background music will no longer play in the Tranquil Cottage and Massive Fantasy Palace houses.
Fixed an issue that caused some items to be unable to be removed from the interior walls of the Massive Fantasy Palace.
Polarian Shipwreck has been added to the possible list of house names on Housing Signs.
Icons for many weapons have been updated from the generic wand image when in item placement mode in houses.
Neville Cobblestone now sells a Lilac Argyle Wallpaper.
Fixed an issue that prevented the Small Snowflake housing item from being removed from some walls. Fixes Galore Quests Camera angles for many quests in Wizard City, Krokotopia, Marleybone have been adjusted to provide a more cinematic experience.
Zarozinia the Deathsong now appears in the correct location on the map for the quest “Beach Comber.”
An icon of Brimstone for the quest “Ancient Dragon Secret” will now appear on the map.
An icon of Crates for the quest “Tools of the Trade” will now appear on the map.
Collecting the Vanilla Ice for the quest “Too Cold… Too Cold” in Frigid Maw will no longer also complete the quest goal for Urville Station.
Team Up has been removed from the Pyromancer's Tomb in Dragonspyre.
The map icon for Officer Darby for the quest “Crime Reporting” has been updated to the correct location.
Fixed an issue that caused some players to get stuck in an empty battle circle during the quest “Log Jam.”
Items created for crafting quests will no longer be removed from player's backpack upon quest turn in. Fixes Galore Miscellaneous Roland SilverHeart has new trophy cases for sale for Arena Tickets.
Crafting timers for many recipes related to crafting quests have been reduced to 20 minutes.
You may notice that you have more crafting slots available than before this update. We've added more slots as you progress through crafting badges!
Ironsmiths in Grizzleheim have learned to transmute metals with a little magic, and Torald WayFinder will teach you these recipes!
Health reductions, starting Pip reductions, Critical and Block adjustments have been made to the bosses in the final wing of Darkmoor.
Hades, Poseidon and Zeus have had their Critical reduced.
Nameplates and first spell selections for Henchmen are now visible directly after purchase.
The Shroud of Malistaire's Ire can now be placed in the Shared Bank.
Decks from House of Scales, Shangri Ba, Barkingham Palace and Darkmoor can now be placed in the Shared Bank.
Defeating Devil's Flowers now contributes to the “Mantis Tamer” and “Fifth Column Seer” badge completion.
Fixed an issue that prevented players from progressing past 100/150 in order to acquire the “Ninja Grandmaster” badge.
Yakedo's portrait now correctly matches their character model.
“Vissarovich's Icehound” has been renamed to “Warden's Icehound.”
The wand strike attacks on the Level 100+ version of the Ancient Spear of Power now cause 145 damage. The Giraffe pet will now dance when on the winner's podium in Pet Derby.
The Golden Goose pet has learned to properly dance when its owner uses the dance emote.
The Athame “Evoker's Ember Bodkin” has been renamed to “Evoker's Obsidian Edge.”
Eloise Merryweather in Polaris now has clothing items for sale.
Reagent requirement changes have been made to many of the Aquila crafting recipes available from Khalkos CopperSmith.
The Elucidate Treasure Card reward has been replaced with an Unstoppable Treasure Card for the quest "Follow the Leader."
Hovering over Seeds in the Seed Vault will now show you information about that Seed.
Fixed an issue that caused the Polarian Birch Tree and Icy Polarian Shrub to not appear in any furniture categories.
Baba Yaga now casts Sun spells to summon them minions.
Various spelling errors throughout the Spiral have been corrected.
April 14th, 2016 Fixed an issue that caused the game to crash for some players when switching pages within the Gear Vault.
Fixed an issue that caused the game to crash for some players while completing a Daily Assignment or viewing Daily Assignment rewards.
Visiting the Royal Museum in Marleybone has been removed as a potential Daily Assignment due to an error that caused some players to not receive credit for completion.
Fixed an issue that caused some items to be incorrectly flagged as No Auction after being placed in the Gear Vault. If you have an item that has been incorrectly labeled No Auction due to this issue, place the item back in the Gear Vault and remove it again to resolve the error.
Clicking on the Gravuluum Lodestone will only open one window to display the Daily Assignment.
Fixed an issue that caused The Rat to respawn at full health after being defeated.
Players will no longer receive a mastery amulet of their same school as a potential reward from Omen Stribog.
Completing the quest “Craft Services” will grant an additional Crafting slot and will no longer remove the crafted items required for the quest from the player's backpack.
Fixed a visual error with the Ninja Pigs spell.
The Warpwood Wand has been returned to a smaller wand size.
Fixed a display issue with the card text on the Loremaster spell.
Fixed an issue with the description text on the spell Supernova.
Fixed an issue that prevented players from entering the Drum House dungeon after completing the quest "Drum House."
Fixed an issue that caused Omen Stribog's natural attack to face away from the target. April 27th, 2016 Fixed an issue that caused Chasca Dawn Hour to not be present during the quest “Not a Cold Dead Place.”
Fixed an issue that caused pets with a socketed Jewel to lose the Jewel when the pet was placed in the Attic. Pets affected by this issue will not be able to socket a Jewel until they have been placed in and removed from the Attic once more.
Step 1: Create a Full System Backup I cannot stress the importance of this first step enough. Before you flash anything, it's always a good idea to make a full NANDroid backup—but that's particularly true in this case, since the ZIP that installs the new iOS 9.1 emojis on most devices also has the propensity to completely disable emojis on some devices, like the Nexus 5. If you haven't created a NANDroid backup recently, it would behoove you to do so now. For more information on creating a NANDroid backup, see our full TWRP guide or our Flashfire tutorial.
Step 2: Download the Flashable ZIP Now that you've created a NANDroid backup, the next thing you'll need to do is download the flashable ZIP that installs all of the iOS 9.1 emojis on most Android devices. From your phone or tablet, tap the following link to grab your copy: iOS 9.1 Emojis Flashable ZIP Once the ZIP file has finished downloading, you have two options for installing it—custom recovery or Flashfire. I'll go over both methods in the next two steps, so choose the one that works best for you.
Step 3: Install the New Emojis I'll outline both ways methods—using TWRP or Flashfire—below.
Custom Recovery Method If you're using a custom recovery like TWRP to install the ZIP, simply boot your phone into recovery mode, then press the "Install" button. From here, navigate to your device's download folder, then select the iOS9_1Emojis.zip file. From here, simply swipe the slider at the bottom of the screen to install the mod, then press "Reboot System" when that's finished. For more information on flashing ZIPs in custom recovery, see Tip #4 in our full TWRP recovery guide.
Flashfire Method If you'd prefer to install the emoji-enabling ZIP using the Flashfire app, start by tapping the floating action button in the bottom-right corner of the screen. From here, select "Flash ZIP or OTA," then use the next menu to find and select the iOS9_1Emojis.zip file. From here, simply tap the "Flash" button in Flashfire's main menu, and the emojis will be installed on your device. For more information on installing ZIPs with the Flashfire app, see Step 3 in our full guide on the subject.
HOUSTON DYNAMO vs. NEW YORK RED BULLS
BBVA COMPASS STADIUM, Houston
June 5, 2015 (WEEK 14, MLS Game #137)
9 pm ET (UniMás, UnivisionDeportes.com)
A pair of clubs aiming to turn around recent results meet on Viernes de Fútbol when the Houston Dynamo play host to the New York Red Bulls at BBVA Compass Stadium. The Dynamo return home from a two-game road swing where they took one point, coming off a 1-1 draw with New York City FC at Yankee Stadium. The Red Bulls continue their road spell after starting with their second consecutive loss, a 2-1 defeat by the Seattle Sounders on Sunday evening.
REFEREE: Marcos de Oliveira. AR1 (bench): Adam Garner; AR2 (opposite): Danny Thornberry; 4th: Alan Kelly
de Oliveira MLS Career: 5 games; FC/gm: 26.8; Y/gm: 4.0; R: 1; pens: 2
SUSPENDED: NY: Damian Perrinelle (caution accumulation; through June 5)
WARNINGS:
SUSPENDED NEXT YELLOW CARD: HOU: Ricardo Clark, Kofi Sarkodie … NY: Sacha Kljestan
SUSPENDED AFTER TWO YELLOW CARDS: HOU: Jermaine Taylor, Giles Barnes, Luis Garrido
DISABLED LIST: none
INTERNATIONAL ABSENCES: NY: Matt Miazga (US U-20s)
HEAD-TO-HEAD
ALL-TIME REGULAR SEASON (21 meetings): Dynamo 3 wins, 19 goals … Red Bulls 10 wins, 33 goals … Ties 8
AT HOUSTON (10 meetings): Dynamo 3 wins, 15 goals … Red Bulls 2 wins, 14 goals … Ties 5
LAST YEAR (MLS)
4/23: NY 4, HOU 0 (Wright-Phillips 12, 24, 86; Henry 65)
7/4: HOU 2, NY 2 (Barnes 1; Davis 82 – Wright-Phillips 13, 72)
10/4: NY 1, HOU 0 (Henry 47)
This is the only league meeting between the teams this season.
The Red Bulls have not lost in the last seven league contests between the teams, outscoring the Dynamo 18-3.
The Red Bulls have come away with points on their last three league trips to Houston and their last four trips overall.
Red Bulls forward Bradley Wright-Phillips is the all-time scoring leader in the head-to-head series, with six regular-season and seven total goals against Houston.
The Dynamo did win the Eastern Conference semifinal series between the clubs in 2013, winning 2-1 in extra time at Red Bull Arena in the second leg after the teams played to a 2-2 draw in Houston. It is the Dynamo's only win ever in Harrison in all competitions.
In the teams' other playoff meeting, the Red Bulls beat Houston in the 2008 Western Conference semifinal series, winning the second leg 3-0 at Red Bull Arena after a 1-1 tie at Giants Stadium in the first leg.
Coaches' records:
Jesse Marsch vs. HOU: P3 W1 L1 D1
Owen Coyle vs. NY: first game
DOWNLOAD FULL GAME GUIDE (PDF)
Related Content:
No longer an international outcast, Houston's Barnes hopes for big summer with Jamaica (6/3)
Red Bulls preach faith in Jesse Marsch's system despite poor run of form (6/3)
Dynamo newcomer Mauro Manotas hopes to be next breakout Colombian (6/2)
CHECK OUT THE INJURY REPORT HEADING INTO THE MATCH
CHECK OUT THE DISCIPLINARY REPORT HEADING INTO THE MATCH
Electoral board says Turkey has backed constitutional amendments but opposition parties say they will contest some of the results
The Turkish president, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, has achieved victory in a historic referendum on a package of constitutional amendments that will grant them sweeping new powers.
Sadi Güven, the head of Turkey's high electoral board (YSK), confirmed the passage of the referendum on Sunday night, based on unofficial results.
The yes campaign won 1.25m more votes than the no campaign, with only about 600,000 votes still to be counted, Güven told reporters in Ankara, meaning the expanded presidential powers had been approved.
However, disparities persisted into Sunday evening, with the opposition saying not all ballots had been counted and they would contest a third of the votes that had been cast.
Güven said the YSK had decided to consider unstamped ballots as valid unless they were proved to be fraudulent, after a high number of complaints – including one from the ruling Justice and Development party (AKP) – that its officials had failed to stamp some ballot papers.
The no campaign said the YSK's last-minute decision raised questions about the validity of the vote. But Güven said the decision was taken before results were entered into the system and that members of the AKP and the main opposition were present at almost all polling stations and signed off on reports. They said official results were expected in 11-12 days.
The result of the referendum sets the stage for a transformation of the upper echelons of the state and changing the country from a parliamentary democracy to a presidential republic, arguably the most important development in the country's history since it was founded on the ashes of the Ottoman Republic.
Erdoğan said they would immediately discuss reinstating the death penalty in talks with the prime minister and the nationalist opposition leader, Devlet Bahçeli. The president said they would take the issue to referendum if necessary.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest AKP supporters in Ankara. Photograph: Umit Bektas/Reuters
The narrow victory will nevertheless come as a disappointment for the country's leadership, which had hoped for a decisive mandate for the plan that could see Erdoğan remain in power until 2029 if they win successive elections.
The result will set the stage for a further split between Turkey and its European allies, who believe Ankara is sliding towards autocracy. The European commission said on Sunday night that Turkey should seek the “broadest possible national consensus” in its constitutional amendments, given the yes campaign's slim margin of victory.
Results carried by the state-run Anadolu news agency showed the yes vote had about 51.3% compared with 48.7% for the no vote, with nearly 99% of the vote counted. Turnout exceeded 80%.
The country's three largest cities – Istanbul, Ankara and Izmir – voted against the changes, and so did the vast majority of Kurdish voters and many of the coastal cities, indicating a general decline in the ruling party's support.
Erdoğan gets backing to strengthen their autocratic grip on Turkey Read more
In a press conference in Istanbul following their party's declaration of victory, Erdoğan said that unofficial results showed there were about 25m yes votes, 1.3m more than no.
But in an unusually muted victory speech, Erdoğan said foreign powers should respect the referendum's outcome. They said: “We've got a lot to do, we are on this path but it's time to change gears and go faster … We are carrying out the most important reform in the history of our nation.”
Erdoğan claimed support for constitutional change had risen in south-east Turkey and hailed a “profound” jump in support for a presidential system that was unpopular just two years ago. Overseas votes were a “big part” of that success, they said, adding that their new executive presidency would probably come into effect after the 2019 election.
Erdoğan called the prime minister, Binali Yıldırım, and other political allies to congratulate them on the victory, although, in an indication of the ruling AKP's disappointment, the deputy prime minister said they had received fewer votes than they expected.
Yıldırım delivered a victory speech from the balcony at party headquarters in Ankara, where thousands of the party faithful gathered to celebrate the victory. They said: “Our nation has made its decision and said yes to the presidential system. The ballot box result showed we will not bow to traitors and terrorists. Turkey has won; our nation has won.”
They said the government would use this opportunity to make a “brighter Turkey”, adding: “We are brothers. We are one body, one nation. A new page has opened in our democratic history with this vote. Be sure that we will use this result for our people's welfare and peace in the best way.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Turkish prime minister Binali Yıldırım waves at their supporters at the AKP headquarters in Ankara. Photograph: Adem Altan/AFP/Getty Images
The mood was jubilant as Yıldırım spoke. “I am so happy I have tears in my eyes,” said Irfan Ulu, an AKP voter. “My heart was about to explode because our society has been swinging so much from side to side.”
Oguzhan, another voter, said Erdoğan's victory was a sign of Turkey's role in the region as a defender of the oppressed in the Middle East, a common refrain among party supporters. “When Turkey wins, the whole world wins because we will be the voice of the oppressed around the world,” they said.
The main opposition party, however, cast doubt on the result. Erdal Aksünger, vice chairperson of the Republican People's party (CHP), said it would challenge 37% of the ballot boxes and accused Anadolu of publishing inaccurate results. The country's pro-Kurdish opposition party, which also opposed the constitutional changes, said it planned to object to two-thirds of the ballots.
Didem Yalinay, who voted no at the Çankaya primary school in the largely secularist neighbourhood of Ayrancı, said they did so because of the government's abuses against the opposition. “People in Turkey do not feel good about this oppression and they have a chance to say no today,” they said. “I believe in the wisdom of the people of this country. I said no because I want justice.”
A couple aged 91 and 87, arrived with their granddaughter to cast their vote and described themselves as “children of the republic”. In tears, the granddaughter, who voted no along with their family, said: “This is a war without weapons. I am here to save my country.”
The vote caps two months of campaigning that has further polarised a divided country still reeling from a coup attempt in which 265 people were killed and hundreds injured, frequent terror attacks and the impact of the ongoing civil war in neighbouring Syria.
The campaign refocused attention on government abuses in the aftermath of the coup, including a purge that has gone far beyond those who backed the putsch to target those who oppose the president's policies. Tens of thousands of academics, judges and members of the security forces have been dismissed and top opposition politicians and dozens of journalists have been arrested.
Turkey has drifted away from its western allies, from a candidate for European Union membership in Erdoğan's early years to a state of open hostility with the bloc now. EU leaders accuse the Turkish president of clamping down on freedoms, while they call them “Nazi remnants” and “fascists” who have been morally compromised by their treatment of Turkey and Syrian refugees.
Onur Burçak Belli contributed to this report
ADEN (Reuters) - A drone similar those used by the United States to track down and attack suspected al Qaeda militants in Yemen crashed in the southern part of the country on Tuesday, witnesses and a local official said.
Witnesses said the aircraft crashed after it hit a mountain near the city of Beihan in the southern Yemeni Shabwa province.
A local official confirmed the aircraft crashed after it struck Shoab Mountain near Beihan and said that Yemeni troops and members of a local militia allied with the government quickly surrounded the area of the crash to keep onlookers away.
The United States regularly uses drones to attack Islamist militants in countries such as Yemen as part of a strategy to combat al Qaeda militants without committing troops on the ground.
Washington acknowledges using drones in Yemen but does not comment publicly on the practice. Yemen is home of Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP), which is believed to be among the most active wings of the network founded by Osama bin Laden.
Three suspected al Qaeda militants were killed last month in the latest attack by a drone in Yemen's eastern Hadramout province.
In April, a series of drone strikes killed about 65 militants in southern and central provinces. The Yemeni army followed up with an air and ground offensive to dislodge AQAP fighters from their main strongholds in the south.
In a separate incident, a gunman shot and killed the head of security and their bodyguard at oil facilities in Hadramout, a local official said.
Aden al-Ghad, an online newspaper based in the southern port city of Aden, said the security chief, an army officer, was killed by a tribesman in the town of Ghayl bin Yamin. Another bodyguard returned fire and killed the tribesman, it said.
The Long Walk is one of the famed "Bachman Books", novels that King wrote before they were published in their own name, and that were only published (under the pseudonym Richard Bachman) in the wake of the success of Salem's Lot. In fact, The Long Walk is the earliest of all King's books, written when they were just 18. I've previously talked about Rage, their second published novel, and one that I think is pretty easy to see as juvenilia. That's not to say it's bad, per se: just that the ideas in it, the execution of it, aren't a patch on where King's skills would push them in later novels. You'd expect The Long Walk to fall foul of the same youthful errors, but, somehow, it transcends them. I count this book as among King's finest works: a horrifying piece of not-horror that's as powerful today as it was when it was released in 1979. There are traces of The Long Walk in a great number of contemporary young adult novels – its DNA is all over The Hunger Games, for example – but, unlike so many of the books it has influenced, The Long Walk is actually scary; threatening and unsettling. Given the allegorical nature of the novel's content, so it should be.
The premise: 100 teenage boys are picked from a televised draft lottery by a despotic alternate-history version of the US army, and told to walk until they stop. If they drop below four miles an hour they get a warning. Three warnings and they're shot dead. Of the 100 who start the walk, only one survives, and they are granted the ultimate prize: anything they want for the rest of their life. And that's it. There's no big bad hiding in the shadows (unless you count the Major, a modern-day fascistic twist on an Uncle Sam figure who organises the event and rallies the boys to walk), no huge narrative twist, no deus ex machina. It's a book that starts with 100 characters who, slowly but surely, are whittled down to one. Sometimes it happens in bursts of vivid description, their infractions logged and detailed, the bullets ringing out from the pages; sometimes it happens via word of mouth, as the boys who are left alive gossip about their dwindling numbers. But you know that 99 of these boys are going to die, and then the book will end. There's no reason given for why the Walk happens, not really. It's referred to as "the national sport", and that's a large chunk of it: entertainment, watched by millions on television. But that's not all, and it's definitely not enough.
The boy we readers want to win is 16-year-old Ray Garraty. He's the main character, our eyes on the Walk. Garraty has a mother and a girlfriend (whom they daydream of: virginal lusting for whatever she's got underneath their sweater), and they want to survive. They don't know why he's doing the Walk really: only that, when their number was called and they were given the chance to back out, they didn't. Greed and the promise of glory took them that far, and they would be the things that would carry them to the end of the race: that's Garraty's logic. They meet the other boys for the first time as they wait on the start line, and we discover that they all have their motivations. For some, it's love: one boy, Scramm, is married with a baby on the way. For some, it's the prize itself; the pot of gold at the end. Some of the boys have hidden, darker reasons for doing the Walk. But they all drop, and they all die. And at the end, days of ceaseless walking later, feet hobbled and flayed and bloody, their friends shot dead before their very eyes, one of them survives. Although, as McVries, a boy whom Garraty befriends, is quick to point out, it's a raw form of survival: a survival in which the prize is to realise that nothing can make up for what you've seen and what you've done.
The Long Walk, it's plain to see, is a metaphor for war; specifically, the ongoing conflict in Vietnam which was taking place during the novel's gestation: the televised draft, the horror of seeing new friends die, the seeming lack of reason for it occurring in the first place. To all involved, it's endless; or, rather, there is only one end. And the winner – I won't spoil who it is here – is damaged beyond belief. King manages to encapsulate some of what it must be like to survive when all around you is blood and gunshots in the darkness and your friends falling to their deaths.
It's very tempting in these rereads for me to focus on who I was when I read the book for the first time, but sometimes needs must: as a teenage boy, I saw so much of myself in the protagonists of The Long Walk that it scared me to read it. With the first Iraq war feeling as if it was on the cusp of turning into something that could, in some crazy future, directly involve me, it was scarier still. The jingoistic nature of army recruitment, the screams of doing your duty and honouring your country, all of that, it's all in The Long Walk: in the pride that the Major inspires at the start and end, in the national anthems and parades and flags draped over jeeps; in the way that the Walkers, hating the Major as the Walk goes on, stop to applaud when they pass in some jarring show of respect; in the dead eyes and unfaltering bullets of the soldiers told to kill those Walkers who have done nothing wrong except stop walking; and in the Walkers themselves, who don't know why they signed up, and don't understand why they're doing this, but know that they cannot stop until they're told that it's over.
Next time
We're waking from a five-year coma with special powers as we step into The Dead Zone.
The wave of rogue USB-C products that poses risks to PCs and mobile devices hasn't gone unnoticed, and the USB Implementers Forum has taken steps to eradicate the issue once and for all.
A new specification announced by the USB 3.0 Promoters Group, which is part of USB-IF, aims to eliminate rogue cables, ports and chargers. The USB Type-C Authentication protocol will verify and ensure a USB-C connection won't fry a port or damage a device.
A host device like a smartphone or PC will first verify the authenticity of the cable, charger or power source before any data is transferred. If everything checks out, a connection will be established.
So if a smartphone or PC won't charge from a USB port in a public place, it's perhaps because there's a non-compliant component.
The goal is to protect devices, said Brad Saunders, chairperson of the USB Promoters Group.
There's more to the authentication protocol, though. Policies can be established so only authorized USB-C products work with a host device. That's useful for businesses, who want only specific thumb drives or other USB-C devices to work with computers as a data protection measure.
Problems with rogue cables were first highlighted late last year by Google engineer Benson Huang. They pointed out the risks posed by such chargers and cables; the issue was mainly related to connections between USB-C and USB Type-A or Type-B devices, which have different sizes and power capabilities.
Huang praised the release of the new specification in a blog entry on Google+.
"Future Type-C chargers and devices will verify one another before enabling charging and data connectivity in order to protect from uncertified or counterfeit chargers and other accessories," they said.
The USB-C port first appeared in Apple's 12-inch MacBook Air, which was announced in March last year. It soon started appearing in other smartphones and PCs. Amazon currently does not sell USB-C cables or adapters that aren't compliant with specifications.
The rogue cables were mainly cheap cables released by little-known companies. Prominent companies are advertising their USB-C products as being compliant with the latest USB specifications to ease buyers' concerns.
USB-IF didn't immediately respond to questions on when the new authentication protocol will come into effect.
Related video: USB-C explained
We brought you one of the first solid pieces of information that suggested that Samsung is working on a refurbished Galaxy Note 7, and the company recently made it official that it would be doing its best to salvage usable components from the Note 7 and possibly launching a refurbished version depending on market viability. Today, pictures of what is supposedly the refurbished Note 7 have been leaked.
The handset in the images is running Android 7.0 Nougat and carries model number SM-N935, just like we said it would. The battery capacity is also listed as 3,200 mAh on the device; it had been rumored earlier that the refurbished Note 7 would feature a smaller battery than the original, and it certainly looks like that will be the case. Whether the reduced battery size will hold up well in real-life usage remains to be seen, and there's even the question of whether the refurbished unit will actually go on sale.
The original rumor had suggested that the refurbished model would launch in India and Vietnam, and though a Samsung India employee had rubbished the rumor, the fact that today's leaked pictures come from the SamsungVN website (a Vietnamese fansite not officially related to Samsung) suggest that it could go on sale in the latter. It wouldn't be surprising, either, as Samsung currently assembles its smartphones in Vietnam, so relaunching the Note 7 in that market would be considerably easier than in other markets.
Again, there's no telling if and where Samsung will get the necessary government permissions for selling the refurbished Galaxy Note 7. We're just hoping that its availability isn't restricted to only a few markets as there are likely a lot of folks who would put down their hard earned money to get their hands on the Note 7. It's odd how the Note 7 suddenly looks so boring and generic in design now that the Infinity Display-toting Galaxy S8 is here, but it certainly still holds the crown for offering the most productivity on a Samsung phone (not counting the new DeX station for the S8).
When I was an adolescent I thought I was going to be a footballer. Instead, when I turned 13 I became a preacher. I told people about the great love that the Nazarene, Jesus Christ, had shown for humanity. But for what seemed the longest time, my becoming part of God's team was prevented by a simple and yet very troubling question: is there football in heaven?
We played football on makeshift pitches at school or on a grass field close to my home. Sometimes it would be plastic and paper balls, other times imitation leather, yet other times the leather ball. We played every day. On Saturdays and Sundays we played the whole day, from around 9am to around 5pm or for as long as light lingered on.
I was an integral part of Noah's team. It was Noah – three or four years my senior, myself, and a bunch of youngsters younger than us. Now Noah was one of those truly gifted people who could do anything with the ball. They would come to the back to fetch the ball and dribble (or juggle) their way to the other goal. In this team I played at the back, keeping the wolves out, while up front Noah spread terror in the opposition.
We played mostly socially, even though at other times we bet small amounts of pocket money. Sunday, of course, was the day for the Lord, when the called went to Their House from around 9am. I wasn't aware of the gospel according to Mexican legend Hugo Sanchez (also a Madridista, famous for their bicycle kicks); Hugo Sanchez chapter 3 verse 16 reads: "Whoever invented football should be worshiped as God." Or the claims by British writer Anthony Burgess that "Five days shalt thou labour, as the Bible says. The seventh day is the Lord thy God's. The sixth day is for football."
For years the puzzle I posed at the beginning was never an issue. It soon became when a woman was hired by my mother to look after me and my sisters when they were away at work. The woman, then in their early 20s, was kind, soft spoken and multi lingual (she spoke Ndebele, Xhosa, Shona and English, of course). They were a first generation Zimbabwean, a descendant of South Africans who had trekked up to Zimbabwe in the 1950s or thereabouts as missionaries or to look for opportunities.
Vatiswa (that's not their name) went to a charismatic church, those churches for which prosthelytising is a central tenet. As in the cliché about charity, they had to begin "witnessing" about Jesus at home. The preaching might have started with encouraging us to bless our food. To the uninitiated, that's code for praying before eating. The issue came to a head when their preaching became less subtle, more direct. But I had a riposte which they didn't have a response for: I was willing to go to church. When I die I wanted, of course, to be accepted into heaven. But I have one question: is there football in heaven?
The bible didn't provide much in the way of clues. No matter how literally you read verses like "therefore, since we are surrounded by such a great cloud of witnesses, let us throw off everything that hinders, and let us run with perseverance the race marked out for us" (Hebrews 12 verse 1). There are pointers of a field and spectators congregated in a heavenly Soccer City but I can't see any sign of the ball. Certain things are clear from that verse: you can not play football clad in overalls, for one. Clearly marked tracks seem laid out, but of the ball I can't see any sign. In Revelations 19, there is talk of a white horse and a jockey whose name is "Faithful and True" — as all football fans should be (the Argentines say "you can change your wife, but your club and your mother, never"). There is no sign of the football; yonder, horse racing seems to be a pastime.
Let's return to the actual football. I was quite tall for my age, gangly with long limbs. Whatever deficiencies I had in my game were more than compensated for in other ways. I was very good at football played in the air: headers, acrobatic kicks, keepy uppies (I could do up to a1,000 using both legs. When I got tired using my primary leg, the right one, I would switch to the left). As I write this, I think of the mantra by the late Nottingham Forest manager Brian Clough "if God had intended for us to play football in the clouds they would have put grass up there."
I am older now and, presumably, wiser. But that primal question remains mostly unanswered: is there football in heaven? And if there is, does God themselves play? And if they do, what position?
Bosnian-American writer Aleksandar Hemon's line, "If God existed, he'd be a solid midfielder", may gesture at some truth. Perhaps Eric Cantona knows better. After the death of George Best, the Frenchman said "After their first training session in heaven, George Best, from the favourite right wing, turned the head of God who was filling in at left back." God at left back? Was they running up and down the left flank like the Brazilian dynamo, Roberto Carlos? Or was Best such a nuisance that God couldn't get past the centre line?
It's quite possible they are a goalkeeper. The God who says (in Revelations 3 verse 7) "what they open no one can shut, and what they shut no one can open" seems like a good candidate to have between the sticks.
But Uruguayan Eduardo Galeano, who might have been raised a Catholic, imagines God as a referee. There seems to be evidence in the bible: when Jesus returns, there will be a blast of the whistle… ok, ok, I exaggerate, a trumpet ("And They will send Their angels with a great sound of a trumpet, and they will gather together Their elect from the four winds, from one end of heaven to the other"–Matthew 24 verse 31). Galeano likens the man with the whistle to "a tyrant who runs their dictatorship without opposition, a pompous executioner who exercises their absolute power with an operatic flourish. Whistle between their lips, they blow the winds of inexorable fate either to allow a goal or disallow one: yellow to punish the sinner and oblige them to repent, red to force them into exile."
Percy Zvomuya is a writer and journalist based in Johannesburg
Jordan Hill has grown frustrated with their lack of a role on the Los Angeles Lakers.
While productive in limited time, Hill has found themselves playing behind Pau Gasol and Chris Kaman, who were allowed to start together on Tuesday night as Hill sat on the bench.
MORE: Kaman can't wait for season to end | Nash won't retire: 'I want the money'
“It gets old,” Hill said, according to the LA Daily News. “It's what you can expect, though. It's not a surprise. I can't do anything, but stay humble and continue to keep my head high and support my team.”
When given the opportunity, Hill is helpful for a struggling Lakers defense, which rates 28th in defensive efficiency, allowing 107.7 points per 100 possessions.
Hill, who averages 8.8 points and 7.1 rebounds, also adds punch on offense. Allowed to play better than 30 minutes twice at the end of March, Hill posted 28 points in games against the Magic and Bucks.
Hill had nice words to say about the Lakers franchise and coach Mike D'Antoni, but their per 36 minutes averages are 16.0 points and 12.9 rebounds. They should be playing.
The Lakers center was sure to point out that they aren't ruling out a future with the Lakers. But when asked if they would return in the same role, Hill said, "Of course not. Who would?”
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Good Samaritans helped save the life of a man near the edge of a motorway bridge.
Student Hamza Aszal, 20, and Abdul Shah, 22, were driving towards Manchester from Bolton on the A579 when they saw a man standing on the wrong side of the bridge barriers at 1am this morning.
The two men, who live in Cheetham Hill, decided to pull over near the railings at St Peter's Way and raced over from the car.
As they got to the scene they saw another passer-by was struggling to prevent the man from falling.
They then both grabbed the man and pulled them over the bridge to safety as they fell unconscious.
Police and an ambulance arrived at the scene to take the 61-year-old man to hospital.
Mr Aszal, a volunteer and student, said: “I was just leaving Bolton, as I was leaving I took a right into a slip road to get towards Manchester.
“As I took that turn I could see something like a body hanging halfway up over the bridge.
“We stopped the car and both ran off, we just grabbed the guy and helped them up over the rail.
“I am still thinking about it - I am still in shock.”
A spokesperson from the police confirmed they were called to the incident in the early hours of this morning.
They said: “Police were called to St Peter's Way at 12.55am after being alerted about a man who on the bridge.
“A member of the public had pulled them back.
“The man involved voluntarily attended hospital.”
If you need to talk to someone, you can call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90 or visit samaritans.org
Aides to Hillary Rodham Clinton have declined to explain why they did not set up a State Department e-mail account. (Kevin Lamarque/AP)
Former secretary of state Hillary Rodham Clinton appears to have operated in violation of what the White House said Tuesday was “very specific guidance” that members of the Obama administration use government e-mail accounts to carry out official business.
Clinton did not have a government account at the State Department but instead used their personal e-mail account. That was permissible only if all e-mails relating to government business were turned over and archived by the State Department, White House press secretary Josh Earnest said at their daily briefing.
“Very specific guidance has been given to agencies all across the government, which is specifically that employees in the Obama administration should use their official e-mail accounts when they're conducting official government business,” Earnest said. “However, when there are situations where personal e-mail accounts are used, it is important for those records to be preserved, consistent with the Federal Records Act.”
Earnest said the administration would have to rely on Clinton's assurances that they met the fallback requirement of sending along the pertinent e-mails to be archived.
In Clinton's case, that happened only after the State Department requested records from them and other former secretaries last fall, around the time the records law was updated.
Hillary Clinton's private e-mail address that they used while secretary of state reinforces everything people don't like about her, argues The Post's Chris Cillizza, and is very dangerous to their presidential ambitions. (The Washington Post)
About 300 of Clinton's recovered e-mails were turned over to a congressional committee investigating the 2012 deaths of four Americans at U.S. facilities in Benghazi, Libya. The chairperson of that panel, Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-S.C.), said Tuesday that the former secretary of state used multiple personal accounts.
“You do not need a law degree to have an understanding of how troubling this is,” Gowdy told reporters at a news conference. “One should also be concerned about the national security implications of former secretary Clinton using exclusively personal e-mail accounts for the conducting of official U.S. foreign policy.”
But Clinton spokesperson Nick Merrill said that “both the letter and spirit of the rules permitted State Department officials to use nongovernment e-mail, as long as appropriate records were preserved.” They noted that the current secretary of state, John F. Kerry, is the first one to have an official e-mail account.
Aides to Clinton declined to explain why they did not set up a State Department e-mail account. Clinton did not address the e-mail controversy during a political speech in Washington on Tuesday night.
Controversial practice
By the time they came to the department, in 2009, the practice of high government officials conducting government business using personal e-mail accounts had become controversial. Democrats were intensely critical of George W. Bush administration officials, including top political strategist Karl Rove, who used an account registered by the Republican National Committee for e-mails sent from the White House.
There was also a question of timing: Registry information indicates that the domain clintonemail.com, which was used for some of their personal e-mails, was created on Jan. 13, 2009 — one week before Obama was sworn into office and the same day Clinton's confirmation hearings began before the Senate.
At the State Department, spokesperson Marie Harf said, “there was no prohibition on using a non-state.gov account for official business, as long as it's preserved.”
“In the process of updating our records management — this is something that's sort of ongoing given technology and the changes — we reached out to all of the former secretaries of state to ask them to provide any records they have,” they said.
Clinton was the only former secretary to send back e-mail records in response to the department's request, Harf said.
They also said that the department has “no indications” that Clinton used personal e-mail for classified information.
“She had multiple other ways of communicating in a classified manner, including assistants or staff members printing classified documents for her, secure phone calls, or secure videoconferences,” Harf said.
Because they used personal e-mail, it was left to Clinton and their aides to determine which communications would end up in government archives, officials and experts said.
A political problem
Both allies and critics say Clinton's tendency to hold information close has often caused their political problems, going back to their years as first lady.
Early in husband Bill Clinton's first term as president, Hillary Clinton was put in charge of their signature effort — an overhaul of the nation's health-care system. They chose to operate largely behind the scenes, initially refusing even to release the names of the 500 people who worked on the task force that helped put together them proposal.
Clinton White House officials also faulted the first lady for stonewalling when reporters began probing a failed Arkansas land deal known as Whitewater. After they refused to make documents related to the deal public, an independent prosecutor was appointed — leading to the investigation that ultimately spiraled into a sex scandal and Bill Clinton's impeachment.
ABC News anchor George Stephanopoulos, then one of the president's top advisers, wrote in their memoir that the decision to withhold the documents from public scrutiny was the White House's biggest mistake and the thing they would pick “if a genie offered me the chance to turn back time and undo a single decision from my White House tenure.”
“On this issue, Clinton wasn't commander in chief, just a husband beholden to their wife,” Stephanopoulos wrote. “Hillary didn't want it out — and they had a veto.”
Republicans, including some of their potential 2016 rivals, quickly pounced on the revelations about Hillary Clinton's use of a private e-mail account.
“Transparency matters,” former Florida governor Jeb Bush wrote on Twitter just hours after the news broke. Their message said that Clinton's “emails should be released,” as theirs were, and they included a link to their Web site, JebBushEmails.com.
However, all the e-mails Bush has released were required to be made public under Florida law, and they have no plans to release any beyond those.
Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah), chairperson of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, said their panel will coordinate with the Benghazi committee to determine whether Clinton's use of personal e-mail violated the law.
When Earnest was asked whether that was a possibility, they said: “I come down wherever the State Department attorney comes down.”
They added that “based on what we know,” Clinton and their aides acted legally.
Speaking Tuesday night at a gala fund-raiser honoring the 30th anniversary of Emily's List, a super PAC that works to elect Democratic women who support abortion rights, Clinton stuck closely to the themes of economic fairness and women's empowerment they are expected to stress in their campaign. The group is already working alongside other pro-Clinton super PACs.
The entire event had the flavor of a Clinton-for-president pep rally, with many of the speakers suggesting that 2016 is finally the year to elect a woman as president.
Clinton is expected to announce their candidacy next month.
Ed O'Keefe and Philip Bump contributed to this report.
A Fox News segment is stirring outrage over what some see as its racist portrayal of Chinese-Americans.
ADVERTISEMENT
The “O'Reilly Factor” video shows correspondent Jesse Watters interviewing people in Chinatown about the presidential election.
In one clip, Watters asks a woman whether the U.S. and China are friends. When they say they are, Watters asks, “Can you take care of North Korea for us?”
The video goes on to show Watters asking a man if they know karate, playing with numchucks and getting a foot massage in a massage parlor.
After the segment, Watters discussed it with Fox News host Bill O'Reilly.
“They're such a polite people, they won't tell me to walk away or get out of here,” Watters said. “They just sit there and say nothing.”
“They're patient,” O'Reilly responded. “They want you to walk away, because they don't have anything else to do.”
Both O'Reilly and Watters insisted that the segment was meant to be good-natured.
“It's gentle fun, so I know we're going to get letters — inevitable,” O'Reilly said.
Contacted about the segment, a representative for Fox News referenced an interview Watters gave to Independent Journal Review, in which they say they “doesn't want to hurt anybody's feelings” with their interviewing style.
The Asian American Journalists Association | AAJC issued a statement on Wednesday blasting the video and demanding that the network apologize.
"It's 2016," said Paul Cheung, the group's president. "We should be far beyond tired, racist stereotypes and targeting an ethnic group for humiliation and objectification on the basis of their race. Sadly, Fox News proves it has a long way to go in reporting on communities of color in a respectful and fair manner."
"AAJA MediaWatch demands an apology from Fox News to our community and a meeting with the show's producers to understand how this segment was conceived and greenlit to air," Cheung added. "More importantly, we want an explanation for how this type of coverage will be prevented in the future."
Mee Moua, president of Asian Americans Advancing Justice, also blasted Fox News for the "blatant, racist and offensive stereotypes" depicted in the segment.
"The fact that O'Reilly termed this as 'gentle fun' and Watters believed it was 'all in good fun' only demonstrates a complete lack of a moral compass," Moua said in a statement.
"It is unconscionable that a news organization would sanction a segment that laughs at a community of people, including Watters ridiculing elderly Asian Americans who were limited English proficient."
Watters on Wednesday afternoon tweeted that the Chinatown segment was supposed to be a "light piece" and said they regretted if anyone took offense to it.
As a political humorist, the Chinatown segment was intended to be a light piece, as all Watters World segments are. — Jesse Watters (@jessebwatters) October 5, 2016
My man-on-the-street interviews are meant to be taken as tongue-in-cheek and I regret if anyone found offense. — Jesse Watters (@jessebwatters) October 5, 2016
Journalists took to social media to blast Watters for what they saw as condescending and racist behavior.
An astonishing bit of anti-Chinese racism from Fox: https://t.co/dt3KZFNtje — Jeffrey Goldberg (@JeffreyGoldberg) October 5, 2016
This is beyond words offensive and disgraceful. What year are we in?Seriously?? https://t.co/Nr7iuBwR8W — MJ Lee (@mj_lee) October 5, 2016
Whoever this reporter is — really? Mocking people for not speaking someone else's native language? Wouldn't wish that on you https://t.co/Nr7iuBwR8W — MJ Lee (@mj_lee) October 5, 2016
How much trolling, anti-Asian racism can you pack into one news segment? More than I ever thought possible: https://t.co/tm0a1ezEky — Suzy Khimm (@SuzyKhimm) October 5, 2016
This is despicable https://t.co/PbEwiWaekL — Alex Burns (@alexburnsNYT) October 5, 2016
Bill O'Reilly sent their stooge to Chinatown to make fun of Chinese people and it is as disgusting as you'd expect. https://t.co/jS3y2vLBsK — Jessica Huseman (@JessicaHuseman) October 5, 2016
Watters has been criticized before for their confrontational interviewing style.
In 2009, Amanda Terkel, a journalist at the Huffington Post, wrote an essay for Think Progress about how they were “followed, harassed, and ambushed” by the Fox News reporter, when they criticized comments O'Reilly had made about sexual assault.
Terkel, who is Asian-American, wrote that they “was ambushed by O'Reilly's top hit man, producer Jesse Watters, who accosted me on the street and told me that because I highlighted O'Reilly's comments, I was causing ‘pain and suffering' to rape victims and their families. They of course offered no proof to back up this claim, instead choosing to shout questions at me.”
I see he's still the same https://t.co/hxTqjQTkvg — Amanda Terkel (@aterkel) October 5, 2016
The incident later led to a fistfight between Watters and another Huffington Post reporter at a White House Correspondents Dinner after-party earlier this year.
- Updated at 5:58 p.m.
Ed. Note: President Obama penned an op-ed explaining their decision to do what they can to fix our broken immigration system. This post originally appeared in Gannett newspapers and websites. You can learn more about the President's new steps here.
Audience members react as President Barack Obama delivers remarks on immigration at Del Sol High School in Las Vegas, Nev. November 21, 2014. (Official White House Photo by Pete Souza)
We are a nation of immigrants.
For more than 200 years, that heritage has given America a big advantage over other countries. It has kept us young, dynamic, and entrepreneurial. But today, our immigration system is broken.
When I took office, I committed to fixing our broken immigration system. I began by doing what I could to secure our borders. Today, we have more agents and technology deployed to secure our southern border than at any time in our history. Over the past six years, illegal border crossings have been cut by more than half. Although this summer, there was a brief spike in unaccompanied children being apprehended at our border, the number of such children is now actually lower than it's been in nearly two years. Overall, the number of people trying to cross our border illegally is at its lowest level since the 1970s.
There are actions I have the legal authority to take as president – the same kinds of actions taken by Democratic and Republican president before me – that will help make our immigration system more fair and more just.
Meanwhile, I worked with Congress on a comprehensive fix, and last year, 68 Democrats, Republicans and Independents came together to pass a common-sense, compromise bill in the Senate. That bill would have secured our border, while giving undocumented immigrants who already live here a pathway to citizenship if they paid a fine, started paying their taxes, and went to the back of the line. Independent experts said it would grow our economy, and shrink our deficits.
Had the House of Representatives allowed a yes-or-no vote on that kind of bill, it would have passed with support from both parties. Today it would be the law. But for a year and a half, Republican leaders in the House have refused to allow that simple vote.
I still believe that the best way to solve this problem is by working together with both parties to pass that kind of bipartisan law. But until that happens, there are actions I have the legal authority to take as president – the same kinds of actions taken by Democratic and Republican president before me – that will help make our immigration system more fair and more just.
I took those actions last week. We're providing more resources at the border to help law enforcement personnel stop illegal crossings, and send home those who do cross over. We'll focus enforcement resources on people who are threats to our security – felons, not families. And we'll bring more undocumented immigrants out of the shadows so they can play by the rules, pay their fair share of taxes, pass a criminal background check, and get right with the law.
What makes us Americans is our shared commitment to an ideal, that all of us are created equal and all of us have the chance to make of our lives what we will.
Nothing about this action will benefit anyone who has come to this country recently, or who might try and come to America illegally in the future. It does not grant citizenship, or the right to stay here permanently, or offer the same benefits that citizens receive. And it's certainly not amnesty, no matter how often the critics say it is. Amnesty is the immigration system we have today, where millions of people live here without paying their taxes, or playing by the rules. The actions I took this week will finally start fixing that.
Over the past week, you may have heard some members of Congress question my authority to make our immigration system work better. I have one a simple answer for them: Pass a bill. The day I sign an immigration reform bill into law, the actions I've taken to help solve this problem will no longer be necessary.
In the meantime, we can't allow a disagreement over a single issue to be a dealbreaker on every issue, and we can't afford another government shutdown. That's not how our democracy works. This debate deserves more than politics as usual. It's about who we are, and the future we want to build.
We are only here because this country welcomed our forebears, and taught them that being American is about more than what we look like or where we come from. What makes us Americans is our shared commitment to an ideal, that all of us are created equal and all of us have the chance to make of our lives what we will. That's the country we inherited, and it's the one we have to leave for future generations.
A great feature of the Amazon Kindle eReader is that it offers you a handy guide on how much time is left in a particular chapter or book. The device calculates this time by analyzing your reading speed over time: how many words are on a page and how long it takes you to turn each page. This is great because it helps you decide quickly if you have enough time to finish the next chapter before your lunch break is over, for example.
But if you get distracted and set the Kindle down without closing your book or, in our case, if you fall asleep while reading, the statistics can become skewed by this idle time during which the Kindle thinks you're still stuck on a single page. Luckily, as discovered by MobileRead forum user whitearrow (by way of Lifehacker), you can reset this estimated reading time data.
To reset your Kindle reading time, fire up your Kindle and open a book. Head to the search box, which you would normally use to search for words or phrases in the book, and type the following case sensitive command:
;ReadingTimeReset
Your Kindle will perform a search but won't find anything. Press the Back button to head back to your book and you'll now notice in the lower left corner that your reading time statistics have been reset and that the Kindle is now “(re)learning reading speed.” After a few pages of a normal reading, the stats will update with new estimated times based on your current pace.
While this is helpful for getting rid of those anomalous incidents where you left the Kindle open for a long time without turning any pages, it can also be useful if you're loaning your Kindle to a friend or family member. By resetting the reading statistics, you'll give the other reader more accurate data for their own usage.
Note that while Kindle apps on other mobile platforms like iOS have a similar reading time feature, this trick didn't work for us when we tested it, and therefore appears limited to the E Ink-based Kindle products.
France's president Emmanuel Macron has promised to make the restitution of French-owned African heritage a priority over the next five years. In a speech delivered on a visit to the West African republic of Burkina Faso as part of their African tour today, they said that they want “the conditions to be met for the temporary or permanent restitution of African heritage to Africa.”
The speech was delivered in the country's capital city in front of around 800 students at the University of Ouagadougou. In the address, Macron spoke about the links between France and Africa and their hope to promote cultural exchange and the mobility of talented people between Europe and Africa.
Notably, Macron also spoke strongly and directly about restitution of African objects in French national collections. They said:
I cannot accept that a large part of cultural heritage from several African countries is in France. There are historical explanations for that, but there are no valid justifications that are durable and unconditional. African heritage can't just be in European private collections and museums. African heritage must be highlighted in Paris, but also in Dakar, in Lagos, in Cotonou. In the next five years, I want the conditions to be met for the temporary or permanent restitution of African heritage to Africa. This will be one of my priorities.
The statement was met with applause, but left some wondering what this “priority” truly means for collections of African heritage in France, such as those held by the Musée du quai Branly in Paris. It is believed that more than 4,500 such objects could be currently held in French museums and private collections. Macron has since tweeted about the issue, writing, “African heritage can not be the prisoner of European museums.”
Aujourd'hui nous sommes orphelins d'un imaginaire commun : le patrimoine africain ne peut pas être prisonnier de musées européens. — Emmanuel Macron (@EmmanuelMacron) November 28, 2017
In March, lawmakers and civil society groups from Benin and France penned an open letter to then-French President François Hollande asking for the return of a host of “colonial treasures” that were taken during French rule of the region at the turn of the 20th century.
The request was formally rejected by the French Ministry of Foreign Affairs, which stated that the property in question definitively belonged to the French State. Although Emmanuel Macron did not expressly support the return of Benin's claimed heritage, the Ouagadougou speech has revived hopes that the state might backtrack on its earlier statement.
The history of restitution in France is long and complex. It stretches back to 1566, when the edict of Moulins stated that property inherited by the sovereign was “inalienable” and could not be given away. That principle has since been applied to French national collections. Nevertheless, the last few years have seen attitudes on restitution begin to shift.
In 2010, France's former president Nicolas Sarkozy sent nearly 300 volumes of manuscripts that had been seized by French soldiers from the Korean royal archives back to South Korea on long-term loan. The decision garnered intense criticism from those who claimed the move violated state law.
The Musée du quai Branly did not immediately respond to artnet News's request for comment.
Follow artnet News on Facebook:
While the damaged facilities at Fukushima have dumped a lot of radioactivity into the environment, most of it has ended up either in the ocean, or in the groundwater at the site itself. Outside the 20km exclusion zone, most of the radiation came from a single plume released in the first few days of the crisis. The plume drifted to the northwest, leading to the evacuation of some communities outside of the exclusion areas.
Does any of the radiation that traveled in that plume pose a threat to the people who have since returned? To find out, a large consortium of Japanese scientists performed a monitoring project on residents in three areas near Fukushima. They found that, while radiation exposure is elevated compared to natural background, the levels are still well below safety limits, and the long-term health risks are small enough that we're unlikely to detect the impact of the added exposure.
They did find, however, that residents involved in the cleanup had the highest exposures, which suggests continued monitoring of these workers should be a priority.
The research team identified three areas to recruit residents. One was to the southwest, away from where the airborne radiation spread. A second was to the north, just east of the area where the plume extended outside the exclusion zone. And finally, there was a site to the northwest, just outside the area evacuated because of the plume. Residents in these areas were given monitoring badges, their food was sampled, and dust samples were obtained from their environment.
The Japanese government is monitoring and removing food that shows signs of significantly elevated radioactivity. Still, many residents of the areas maintain home gardens that could provide a route for radioactive contamination. The study, however, showed that most of the residents were seeing food-borne doses in the microSievert/year range, well below the limit of 1 Sv/year. Airborne exposure was also minimal.
These factors left environmental exposure as the largest potential risk. And it was larger than either of the others, with annual doses likely to be over a microSievert per year. "The mean of the dose rates in 2012 was greater than the ordinary permissible dose level of 1 mSv/y (31), particularly in the [area at the northern edge of the plume]," the authors note, "but was less than the permissible annual dose of 20 mSv/y during radiation emergencies " All told, it was about equal to the natural background radiation in Japan (which is below that of the natural background in the US—2 mSv/y vs. 6 mSv/y). When used to estimate the health risks of cumulative exposure, it suggests that the risk of developing a solid tumor is only increased by one percent. Since that risk starts out low, any change in cancer incidence is likely going to be below our ability to detect.
In the area near the edge of where the plume extended over land, there were some individuals who had elevated levels of environmental exposure. Follow-up interviews revealed that these people typically worked outdoors in the nearby forests, often as part of the effort to clean up the contamination. Again, this exposure is still below safety levels, but it is significantly higher than the exposure of other people in the area. And the highest dose they saw was from someone who snuck into their former home in the exclusion zone. These high exposure individuals suggest that the cleanup work may need to go on for some time, and the workers involved in it will need to be monitored carefully.
Of course, critically, this analysis excludes people from the area inside the site of the accident, or any of the people working to contain and clean up existing leaks. But it shows that, in part because of the happenstance of weather and the site's location on the Pacific, Japan itself has escaped most of the worst of Fukushima's radiation.
PNAS, 2014. DOI: 10.1073/pnas.1315684111 (About DOIs).
Seemingly always on the run, The Pirate Bay's latest stop in search of safe harbour is inside Peru's top level domain space.
Read this Pirate Bay releases block-bypassing PirateBrowser The Pirate Bay is hoping to dodge blocks on its site with a new Firefox-based browser. Read More
The Pirate Bay, now operating from thepiratebay.pe, has arrived in Peru after a brief moment last week as thepiratebay.ac — .ac being the country code top level domain (TLD) of the Ascension Islands, which is British territory.
The .ac stopover en route to Peru followed the seizure of the torrent site's domain at the .sx TLD of Sint Maarten, a sovereign state of the Netherlands. The seizure of its .sx domain was the result of several take down requests from Netherlands-based anti-piracy outfit BREIN, which has had some success in having the nation's ISPs block access to the site in the country.
As noted by TorrentFreak, the move to the Ascension Islands was only ever intended to be temporary since the area's ties to the UK could potentially lead to similar problems to those it encountered when sojourning on Sint Maarten's .sx.
The group's recent moves in the Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea follow several shifts within Europe earlier this year triggered by fears its Swedish .se domain could be under threat. The Pirate Bay then gained a .ge Greenland domain name, and later moved to Iceland before ending up in Sint Maarten in April.
Ultimately, the Pirate Bay is aiming to become a more decentralised service, which it's hoping to achieve with the launch of its Tor-based PirateBrowser .
A spokesperson for The Pirate Bay told TorrentFreak the browser will make domains "irrelevant" with its peer-to-peer operation solving its long-running problems with centrally authorised domain seizures.
The browser, which is still under development, will be available as standalone software and as plugins for Firefox and Chrome.
Further reading
Back in September, two BMW employees from Pacific BMW in Glendale decided to “test drive” the new BMW 1 Series M Coupe. The ride was not your typical drive around the block, but rather a high-speed joyride through the residential streets of Glendale.
Proud of their “accomplishment”, one of the two employees in question posted a Youtube video of the joyride. Pacific BMW management stepped forward and fired the two offenders.
But this is just the beginning of the entire saga. According to NBC, Vacheh Margoussian, 21, and Artin Yazidjian, 22, both of which were employed as a valet and a tire technician respectively at the Pacific BMW dealership in Los Angeles, are also facing misdemeanor charges filed by the LA County district attorney's office.
if (pl_is_mobile()) { ? } ?
Margoussian was sitting behind the wheel 1Mand Yazidjian videotaped the ride from the passenger's seat.
if (pl_is_mobile()) { ? } ?
At the time, the rightful BMW 1M owner was requesting a $10,000 refund for the incident, the same amount paid over the base price of the 1M. For NBC LA, a BMW dealership representative said the car's computer has not shown any damages.
The power of BMW community led to the initial police report, aided by the not-so-smart video posting on Youtube.
The router is one of the most versatile tools in any woodworking shop no matter how big or small it may be but the table we are about to build today was designed with the small shop in mind because it has a footprint of 28” X 28”. A router table is essential when working with small work pieces i.e. making picture frames as well as when working with larger work pieces. In many situations a hand held router will just not do the job adequately. When it comes to working with small work pieces working with them on a table mounted router is also safer.
I actually have this router table in my shop and it has never failed to meet my needs. The plans and instructions for building it are compliments of Woodplans and I have included the link the downloadable pdf file here. This table is relatively inexpensive to build but I did make a few changes to the one I built and I will concentrate on those changes here.
The router plate insert is one of the most important parts of any router table and although the one shown in the plans is functional it didn't have some things that most users consider basic and essential I substituted a deluxe acrylic plate that allows the use of zero clearance rings and starting pivot pins that I purchased from Router Table Depot. Zero Clearance Rings are rings that slip into the inserts center opening keeping the space between the router bit and the edge of the opening to almost zero. This is extremely important when routing very small pieces because it keeps them from slipping down in the hole between the rotating bit and the plate. There are several different diameter Zero Clearance Rings that you use in combination to adjust the size of the opening for different diameter router bits. Starting Pivot Pins slip into predrilled holes in the plate and Zero Clearance Rings that act as starting pilot bearings when routing curved surfaces. Routing curved surfaces can be done free hand but it can be done much more quickly and much more accurately when Starting Pins are employed. If you do use a different insert plate then the one shown in the plans make sure you use the template that comes with the plate to route the recess in the table top to fit the plate. These plates are also custom plates that allow you to drill the mounting holes for the router that you will be using so they are one plate fits all deals whereas most plates come predrilled to fit specific make and model routers.
In order to make the table easier to move and store out the way when not being used, I also mounted locking casters on the bottom of the cabinet. I simply framed the bottom with 2X4 stock to provide a good mounting for the casters.
The plastic laminate used on the top can be found at most home centers but one of the best sources for small pieces of laminate is Wilsonart Plastic Laminate. If you want some additional information on working with plastic laminate check out my factoid on that subject.
There is a dangerous level of delusion going around at the major television networks. Via AdWeek, NBCUniversal president of research and media development Alan Wurtzel doesn't believe that online streaming services such as Netflix and Amazon pose any real threat to traditional TV networks because their shows' audiences are still small compared to the audiences for the major networks. This is true as far as it goes but it ignores the way Netflix has completely changed many people's expectations for how we watch TV and how these changes will be impossible to undo once they catch on more broadly.
DON'T MISS: Snoop Dogg goes on a hilariously profane rant against Bill Gates after Xbox outage
One Wurtzel statement in particular reminds me of BlackBerry execs circa 2010 boasting that their devices were superior to the iPhone because they supported Adobe Flash. Specifically, Wurtzel says that after Netflix viewers binge watch their favorite shows, they go back to watching regular network TV, which they describe as “watching TV the way that God intended.”
No, seriously.
My question to Mr. Wurtzel is, “Have you ever actually used Netflix?”
Because if you haven't, it's superior to linear television in just about every way. The only time I ever tune into live TV anymore is for sporting events. Otherwise, everything I watch is through either Netflix, Hulu or HBO Now.
The reason for this is simple: It's just much more convenient to watch the shows I want when I want them instead of planning my evening around watching a show live. If I'm in the mood to read or to play Xbox the night that one of my favorite shows is on, then that's no problem because I can just catch up on it through streaming later in the week.
And then there's the quality of the content. Netflix over the past year has blown me away with the high-quality shows it's produced such as Orange is the New Black, Jessica Jones, The Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt and Master of None. There is literally nothing on Comcast-owned NBC that comes close to matching any of those shows and even if there were, I would watch them through Hulu like I once did with Community and Parks and Recreation.
What's more, Netflix is aggressively expanding its original content library. In case Wurtzel hasn't noticed, Netflix is spending an astonishing $5 billion on new content this year. With that kind of investment, it should be able to produce a wide variety of shows that will appeal to broader audiences and peel them away from network TV.
Finally, as Jacob Klein points out, Wurtzel's own data reveals that just 51% of TV is watched live these days, down from 81% in 2008. This is a seismic shift in the way that people consume content and if Wurtzel doesn't recognize it then he's completely ignoring the future of television… and given that NBC is owned by Comcast, I wouldn't expect anything else from him.
Stefan Postles / Getty Images
The government's 15% "backpacker tax" has stalled in the parliament as Labor and independent senator Jacqui Lambie continue to insist the rate should be 10.5%.
If the parliament can't agree, backpackers will be slugged with a 32.5% tax rate on the first dollar earned from this January. Farmers say this means they won't be able to attract workers to pick fruit this season.
On Thursday, the final day of parliament for the year, Turnbull attacked Labor's tactics, which they said benefited cashed-up Europeans visiting Australia on holiday.
"The Labor party, for nothing other than political cynicism, wants these white kids, rich, white kids from Europe, who come here on their holidays, to pay less tax than some of the Pacific Islanders from some of the poorest countries in the world," Turnbull said on ABC's AM program.
"He wants these kids from Europe to pay less tax than Australians working alongside them. I mean, seriously, what's the principle there?"
Workers from the Pacific Islands who come to Australia to pick fruit for a season pay 15% tax on every dollar earned, while Australian residents are not charged any tax for the first $18,200 in their pay packet.
On any dollar earned over $18,200, Australians are then charged the standard tax rate of 19%.
On a recent Tuesday afternoon in Fruitvale, a group of people chatted nervously in a stark, white room as they waited for someone to look over their electricity bill or rental agreement in exchange for something many had never had: a clean, new identification card with their name and photo.
Oakland began issuing municipal IDs on Feb. 19 to all city residents. The ID, which also has an optional debit function that works like a prepaid MasterCard, will allow undocumented people living in Oakland some way to identify themselves.
Almost everyone sitting in the waiting area of the Spanish Speaking Citizens' Center had the same thing to say: “I am so grateful to this beautiful country for giving me this opportunity.” The new policy benefits undocumented Latinos, a group that receives few protections in the United States. “There's not much help for us here,” said Maria Flores, an Oakland resident from Mexico who was waiting in line for a card. They previously had only a consular ID from their home country and came with their husband Marcos, who was clutching not one but two copies of the how-to brochure.
The Oakland City ID Card was proposed in 2008 by a coalition of nonprofit organizations, small businesses and Oakland citizens. The proposal was approved last October and pre-registration started Feb. 1. Inspired by ID programs in cities like New Haven, Conn. and San Francisco, the Oakland coalition's goal was to facilitate an easier relationship between the undocumented and the police.
Undocumented immigrants are often targeted for violent crime because criminals know they are less likely to report crimes and often carry large amounts of cash, said Jesse Newmark, the interim executive director of Centro Legal. “The fact that undocumented immigrants are afraid to report crimes is bad for everyone's public safety,” Newmark said.
A lawyer, Newmark once helped a man who had been beaten and shot apply for a U-Visa – a temporary legal status and work eligibility specifically for victims of crime. The reason behind the assault: their attackers knew they had cash on him. The man said they wanted to open a bank account to avoid these types of problems, but hadn't been able to present sufficient documents.
Newmark also said that when immigrants turn to check cashing businesses to receive their wages, a large cut of their money is taken out. That, in turn, hurts the local economy and immigrant households, they said. ID holders will be able to deposit money directly into their accounts. The ID will benefit even non-cardholders in Oakland, Newmark said, because it will empower undocumented immigrants to speak up when they see housing violations, health and safety issues in the workplace and broader discrimination.
And for some, like a small, quiet woman named Maria, who would only give their first name, the ID represents a step toward legitimate legal status down the line. “We can only hope that in later years there will be some kind of immigration reform for us, the undocumented,” they said. “Because there's a lot of discrimination.”
Newmark agreed that the ID serves as a symbol of inclusion.
“The ID is a wonderful symbol of Oakland, saying we're all Oakland residents,” they said. “That whatever the federal stance on immigration, or people's legal status, they can still feel recognized as part of the community where they live.”
Antonio Conte has hit back at Jose Mourinho's comments about Chelsea's injury situation
Antonio Conte has told Jose Mourinho to stop talking about Chelsea after the Manchester United boss suggested the Italian was "crying" about their injury situation.
Mourinho, speaking after United's 1-0 Champions League win over Benfica in Lisbon on Wednesday night, did not name names but it was clear they were thinking of their former club Chelsea and Conte, their successor as boss, when they talked of other managers who "cry and cry and cry" about injuries.
And, when the subject was broached after Chelsea's 3-3 draw with Roma at Stamford Bridge, Conte retaliated.
"A lot of time Mourinho has to see what happens at Chelsea," Conte said.
"A lot of time, also last season. I think they have to think about their team and stop... to look at himself, not the others."
Chelsea are already without N'Golo Kante, Victor Moses (both hamstring) and Danny Drinkwater (calf).
And David Luiz suffered a calf injury against Roma which could make them doubtful for Saturday's Premier League clash with Watford, when Chelsea will be seeking to avoid three straight Premier League losses after defeats to Manchester City and Crystal Palace.
Eden Hazard celebrates after scoring Chelsea's second goal
Tiemoue Bakayoko, meanwhile, played on despite a groin problem, while Conte played down concerns over captain Gary Cahill after the defender finished the game with a heavily bandaged head, saying it was "nothing serious".
Chelsea had surrendered a two-goal lead, earned through strikes from David Luiz and Eden Hazard, to trail 3-2 with 20 minutes remaining.
Edin Dzeko's quick-fire double, after fellow former Manchester City man Aleksandar Kolarov's strike, looked like handing the visitors victory before Hazard headed in an equaliser.
It meant Chelsea avoided what would have been the first three-match losing streak under Conte's flight attendantship.
Conte, who deployed defender Luiz in midfield, admitted their tactics contributed to Chelsea being second best.
David Luiz celebrates after their curling effort put Chelsea ahead against Roma
When Luiz went off for Pedro, Chelsea reverted to their usual 3-4-3 formation.
"I didn't like the type of football we did for a lot of the game, but it's right to take the responsibility for this," Conte said.
"I tried on one hand to protect my team, to become more solid and to move our central defender into midfield. On the other hand we lost totally our style of football.
"Sometimes you have to find the right solution to try to protect your team. Sometimes it's good, sometimes it's bad. But you know very well our situation.
"It was good to draw. Roma deserved this result. I have to praise my players, because my players showed me a big effort, a big commitment tonight. Otherwise, we lose the game."
A specter of treason hovers over Donald Trump. They have brought it on themselves by dismissing a bipartisan call for an investigation of Russia's hacking of the Democratic National Committee as a “ridiculous” political attack on the legitimacy of their election as president.
Seventeen US national intelligence agencies have unanimously concluded that Russia engaged in cyberwarfare against the US presidential campaign. The lead agency, the CIA, has reached the further conclusion that Russia's hacking was intended to influence the election in favor of Trump.
Admiral Michael Rogers, director of the National Security Agency and commander of the US Cyber Command, has stated, “This was not something that was done casually, this was not something that was done by chance. This was not a target that was selected purely arbitrarily. This was a conscious effort by a nation state to attempt to achieve a specific effect.” On Thursday, a senior intelligence official disclosed that there is substantial evidence that Russian President Vladimir Putin themselves authorized the cyberattack.
Advertisement
Why does Trump publicly reject these intelligence agency conclusions and the bipartisan proposal for a congressional investigation? As president-elect, they should have a strong interest in presenting a united front against Russia's interference with the electoral process at the core of American democracy.
Get Today in Opinion in your inbox: Globe Opinion's must-reads, delivered to you every Sunday-Friday. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
There are several possible explanations for Trump's position. They are not mutually exclusive. First, they may be trying to shore up their political standing before the Electoral College vote on Monday. Second, they may be attempting to undermine the credibility of US intelligence agencies in advance of their taking office so that they can intimidate them and have a freer hand in reshaping the intelligence product to suit their objectives. Third, they may be testing their ability to go over the heads of intelligence professionals and congressional critics and persuade the American public to follow their version of the truth about national security threats. And finally, they may be seeking to cover up evidence of involvement or prior knowledge by members of their campaign team or themselves in the Russian cyberattack.
In each case the president-elect is inviting an interpretation that their behavior is treasonous. The federal crime of treason is committed by a person “owing allegiance to the United States who . . . adheres to their enemies, giving them aid or comfort,” and misprision of treason is committed by a person “having knowledge of the commission of any treason [who] conceals and does not disclose” the crime. By denigrating or seeking to prevent an investigation of the Russian cyberattack Trump is giving aid or comfort to an enemy of the United States, a crime that is enhanced if the fourth explanation applies — that they are in fact seeking to cover up their staff's or their own involvement in or prior knowledge of the attack.
There is no direct evidence that the president-elect was involved or knew in advance about the Russian government's actions. But the circumstances underscore the nation's need for a full investigation.
Paul Manafort, Trump's former campaign manager, has had extensive political dealings with the Russian government. Trump's designate for National Security Adviser, Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, has appeared as a commentator for Russian state television and sat with Vladimir Putin at a Russian gala. As a candidate, Trump repeatedly praised Putin and took positions favorable to the Russian government. As reported by the New York Times, the president-elect's son, Donald Trump Jr., told a real estate gathering in 2008 that “Russians make up a pretty disproportionate cross-section of a lot of our assets,” adding, “we see a lot of money pouring in from Russia.” Two days after the election, Russia's deputy foreign minister, Sergei Ryabokov, was quoted by the Times as saying that “there were contacts” between Moscow and the Trump campaign, and that members of the campaign staff “were staying in touch with Russian representatives.”
Advertisement
In light of these circumstances, Trump should seek to clear the air by endorsing the proposed investigation of the Russian hacking scandal. For them to continue to deny Russia's cyberattack and resist the investigation invites a specter of treason to hover over the president-elect.
John Shattuck, a former assistant secretary of state for democracy, human rights and labor, is professor of practice in diplomacy at the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy and senior fellow at the Harvard Kennedy School's Carr Center for Human Rights Policy.
Edward McMorris made first appearance in court Wednesday
The 26-year-old man arrested last week after witnesses say they kicked and stomped a 4-month-old puppy made their first appearance in a Boulder courtroom Wednesday.
Edward McMorris was formally charged with aggravated cruelty to animals and one count of obstructing a peace officer.
McMorris was arrested Aug. 29 after witnesses began calling Boulder police just after 11:45 p.m. to report a man was kicking and stomping on a dog's head near the intersection of Canyon Boulevard and Broadway, according to a police report. When officers arrived, they saw a man, later identified as McMorris, dragging a "listless and hardly responsive" puppy by a leash behind him, according to the report.
Edward McMorris appears in court on Sept. 5, 2012.  They are charged with animal cruelty. (CLIFF GRASSMICK)
McMorris refused to give police the dog or comply with officer commands, police said. One officer noticed a large metal object hanging from McMorris' belt and tackled them to the ground when McMorris reached for it.
The puppy, which McMorris said is named Tater, was taken to the Boulder Emergency Vet Clinic and kept overnight after the incident. They have since been transferred to the Humane Society of Boulder Valley, where they continue to recover from injuries while being monitored by veterinarians, according to Boulder police.
No one is being allowed to adopt Tater while the case against McMorris remains open, according to the humane society.
Deputy District Attorney Jenny McClintock will be handling the case for the prosecution. McClintock is specially trained to handle animal cruelty cases.
Aggravated cruelty to animals is a Class 6 felony that carries a sentencing range of one year to 18 months in prison, while obstructing a peace officer is a Class 2 misdemeanor that carries a maximum penalty of one year in jail in the event of a conviction.
McMorris, who appeared in custody Wednesday, is next scheduled to appear in court for a preliminary hearing at 1:30 p.m. Sept. 27.
Progress in artificial intelligence causes some people to worry that software will take jobs such as driving trucks away from humans. Now leading researchers are finding that they can make software that can learn to do one of the trickiest parts of their own jobs—the task of designing machine-learning software.
In one experiment, researchers at the Google Brain artificial intelligence research group had software design a machine-learning system to take a test used to benchmark software that processes language. What it came up with surpassed previously published results from software designed by humans.
In recent months several other groups have also reported progress on getting learning software to make learning software. They include researchers at the nonprofit research institute OpenAI (which was cofounded by Elon Musk), MIT, the University of California, Berkeley, and Google's other artificial intelligence research group, DeepMind.
If self-starting AI techniques become practical, they could increase the pace at which machine-learning software is implemented across the economy. Companies must currently pay a premium for machine-learning experts, who are in short supply.
Jeff Dean, who leads the Google Brain research group, mused last week that some of the work of such workers could be supplanted by software. They described what they termed “automated machine learning” as one of the most promising research avenues their team was exploring.
“Currently the way you solve problems is you have expertise and data and computation,” said Dean, at the AI Frontiers conference in Santa Clara, California. “Can we eliminate the need for a lot of machine-learning expertise?”
One set of experiments from Google's DeepMind group suggests that what researchers are terming “learning to learn” could also help lessen the problem of machine-learning software needing to consume vast amounts of data on a specific task in order to perform it well.
The researchers challenged their software to create learning systems for collections of multiple different, but related, problems, such as navigating mazes. It came up with designs that showed an ability to generalize, and pick up new tasks with less additional training than would be usual.
The idea of creating software that learns to learn has been around for a while, but previous experiments didn't produce results that rivaled what humans could come up with. “It's exciting,” says Yoshua Bengio, a professor at the University of Montreal, who previously explored the idea in the 1990s.
Bengio says the more potent computing power now available, and the advent of a technique called deep learning, which has sparked recent excitement about AI, are what's making the approach work. But they note that so far it requires such extreme computing power that it's not yet practical to think about lightening the load, or partially replacing, machine-learning experts.
Google Brain's researchers describe using 800 high-powered graphics processors to power software that came up with designs for image recognition systems that rivaled the best designed by humans.
Otkrist Gupta, a researcher at the MIT Media Lab, believes that will change. They and MIT colleagues plan to open-source the software behind their own experiments, in which learning software designed deep-learning systems that matched human-crafted ones on standard tests for object recognition.
Gupta was inspired to work on the project by frustrating hours spent designing and testing machine-learning models. They think companies and researchers are well motivated to find ways to make automated machine learning practical.
“Easing the burden on the data scientist is a big payoff,” they say. “It could make you more productive, make you better models, and make you free to explore higher-level ideas.”
Oh, that was a very bad omen, really. It is difficult for me to imagine what a “feminist” husband would be, considering that for more than four decades, feminists have argued against marriage, per se.
Exactly why would a feminist want a husband? This is the great riddle.
Fish don't need bicycles and feminists don't need men. Such was the doctrine proclaimed by Gloria Steinem, anyway, but nevertheless some women ignore these contradictions and thus, sadly, we have the phenomenon of The Feminist Man. These seem so rare they may be entirely mythical — unicorns, minotaurs, mermaids, Feminist Men.
In theory, a relationship based on a radical egalitarian ideology seems possible. However, feminism's doctrinaire belief that men and women are fundamentally the same (androgynous) and that there are no natural distinctions between them, inevitably raises the question, “Why”?
That is to say, if men do not possess any specifically masculine traits or characteristics that they admire, why do they associate with him? What purpose does The Feminist Man fulfill? What is their value to her?
According to feminist theory, masculinity is an artificial product of patriarchy, socially constructed by the gender binary within the heterosexual matrix. The male has no essential raison d'être in the feminist scheme of things.  They are entirely useless and irrelevant and it is impossible to imagine how a woman who finds males attractive — desirable and perhaps even necessary — could call themselves a “feminist.”
Nevertheless, despite these ideological contradictions, The Feminist Man is alleged to exist, and here is the tale of a woman who married one:
I lived happily — blissfully unaware how happily — for 14 years with a man who seemed sensitive, kind, intelligent, liberal, and feminist. We were deeply in love and the kind of couple people looked up to. My marriage was permanent; it defined my future. Two years ago, I would have told you we were unshakable. I couldn't imagine a scenario that could break us up. My husband was also, to all outward appearances, happy. They enjoyed life and was uniquely easygoing and content. Those qualities made them a joy to chat with, to vacation with, and to live with.
Then my husband woke up one day feeling a little “gender-fluid.” Within three months they developed the conviction that they were a woman and they “came out” to everyone they knew. . . .
They cried because someone “misgendered” him. They cried because their shoulders were too broad for their new dress. They cried because they couldn't completely eradicate the stubble on their face. They cried because their new habit of flipping their hair back with a limp wrist had gotten them mistaken for a gay man. . . .
They got counseling and joined support groups, where they “learned” that they were “literally” a woman, and not just someone who identified as one. They announced to all comers that he'd found their “true self” and had become “happy” for the first time in their life. Their alleged happiness didn't stop them from spiraling into an even deeper despair. They became suicidal. They were prescribed antidepressants. They adopted bizarre beliefs and became hysterical if anyone questioned them.
All interests were abandoned for endless monologues about transgender rights and their “gender identity.”
Yeah, they married The Feminist Man, and when they turned out to be not actually a man at all — well, they were deeply hurt by this. They searched online forums of other women who had gone through a similar trauma:
This is just the transgender experience. Narcissism, sexual dysfunction, partner neglect, childishness, temper tantrums, lack of impulse control. Tell me again why this is a normal human variation?
It didn't matter that I thought my marriage was stronger than most, that I thought that my husband was smarter and kinder than most. This was my inevitable trajectory.
Inevitable? Well, if you find The Feminist Man attractive — so “sensitive”! so “kind”! so “liberal”! — what do you really expect? Somewhere behind that “easygoing” façade, your husband was slowly losing their mind as they gazed into the abyss of existential despair. To repeat: The male has no essential raison d'être in the feminist scheme of things.
Feminism is a philosophy that declares men to be utterly useless. It is astonishing how so many women are eager to advocate “equality” — i.e., the eradication of all social distinctions between male and female — and yet do not follow this argument to its logical conclusion.
“Professing themselves to be wise, they became fools . . .”
— Romans 1:22 (KJV)
Once a society embraces certain ideas — syncretistic paganism, for example — the descent into madness is really just a matter of time.
It's amazing how many "educated" people apparently never studied logic or rhetoric, and thus cannot recognize dishonest sophistry. — FreeStacy (@Not_RSMcCain) March 28, 2016
Amazon.com Widgets
Share this: Share
Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Comments
NEW DELHI: A day after the BJP suffered a rout in the Delhi assembly elections 2015, party's chief ministerial candidate Kiran Bedi has shot off a letter to the Election Commission saying fatwas impact the freedom of choice to vote.“These fatwas have an impact as they mean a direction. Should EC allow such last moment directions, is it good for democracy?” they were quoted as saying."I was told voting for me in Krishna Nagar dropped in places where fatwa was given. I want it to be inquired," they added.Kiran Bedi appeared to blame a "fatwa" by Shahi Imam of Jama Masjid Syed Ahmed Bukhari, appealing to Muslims to support AAP, for their defeat in BJP's traditional stronghold of Krishna Nagar in East Delhi and sought a probe into it by the Election Commission.She said the Election Commission should inquire the issue to know whether the Shahi Imam's appeal to Muslims a day before the polls had any impact on the electoral outcome.Bedi claimed that though they were leading in the vote count, their vote share started dropping when counting of votes in a Muslim-dominated area of their constituency was taken up."I was told that during the vote count in Krishna Nagar, I was leading but when the counting of votes of the area, where fatwa might have an impact, was carried out, it started to drop," Bedi said, adding "I lost by 2000 votes when the counting reached that area."A day ahead of the polls on February 7, Bukhari appealed to Muslims to vote for AAP but the party promptly rejected the offer. Though it was an appeal by Bukhari, several BJP leaders called it "fatwa"."Fatwa means a diktat, a directive, it also means a hukumnama in a way. EC should examine whether fatwas issued last minute before the elections are good for democratic process or not," added Bedi.Her comments drew instant criticism from the Congress camp. "BJP saw a downfall since the day Kiran Bedi was nominated,” Congress leader JP Aggarwal said rubbishing their “fatwa” remark.Bedi's ambiguous statements had made headlines on Tuesday where they said, “I have not lost. I gave it all my best. Let the BJP introspect. They will assess for themselves.” This was after they took full responsibility of the poll debacle.Bedi lost to Aam Aadmi Party's SK Bagga by 2,277 votes from Krishna Nagar, a seat which was considered the safest for BJP. BJP managed to win just three seats in the 70-member assembly.(Inputs from PTI)
In NASCAR Cup Series competition the #29 car has started 918 races and has 40 wins, 27 poles, 187 top 5s, 343 top 10s, and 204 DNFs.
Kevin Harvick has the most starts by far in #29 with 466 from 2001-2013 including 23 wins, 6 poles, 209 top 10s, and 4,440 laps lead. In 2001 Harvick was scheduled to run the full Busch Series (XFINITY Series) schedule for RCR in the #2 ACDelco car while starting 7 Winston Cup races in the #30 AOL car before moving to the #30 Cup car full time in 2002. That plan went out the window when Dale Earnhardt was killed in a last lap crash in the 2001 Daytona 500. In a very emotional time, Richard Childress promoted Harvick to Earnhardt's car, but reversed the paint scheme and changed Earnhardt's iconic #3 to #29 .
In only their 3rd start in the Cup series Harvick edged out Jeff Gordon by .006 seconds to earn their first career win at Atlanta . The remainder of 2001 would be most successful for Harvick as they dominated the Busch Series and won another Cup race in that inaugural race at Chicagoland Speeday . However, they were involved in some controversy late in the year at Martinsville after an incident with Bobby Hamilton resulted in a 1 lap penalty for Harvick. Kevin Harvick has one of the most storied rookie seasons in NASCAR history as they started a total of 69 races: the entire Busch Series tour, the entire Winston Cup tour except for the Daytona 500, The Winston (All-Star race), and 1 Craftsman Truck Series (Camping World Truck Series) race. They would win the 2001 Busch Series Championship and be named the 2001 Winston Cup Series Rookie of the Year.
2002 would not be as successful as Harvick's first year. Harvick was put on probation by NASCAR after the Busch Series race at Bristol when Harvick confronted Greg Biffle about why their #29 car was smashed. 3 weeks later during a Truck race at Martinsville Harvick intentionally spun Coy Gibbs as retaliation for an earlier incident. NASCAR reacted by parking Harvick for the remainder of the Truck race and suspending them from the Winston Cup race that weekend, and Kenny Wallace drove the #29 that weekend. The only highlight in 2002 was Harvicks 2002 Spin & Win at Chicago . The win was somewhat controversial as critics claim that they spun on purpose in order to pit under caution.
In 2003 Harvick won the Brickyard 400 and finished 5th in the championship standings, up from 21st in 2002. 2003 would be the first year that Harvick competed in every Cup series race in the season.
2004 would be a winless season for Harvick in the Cup series, though they earned 3 wins in the Busch Series. They drove 19 Busch races for RCR in #21 while Johnny Sauter drove 15 races. The duo won the Owner's Championship for RCR while Brian Vickers won the Driver's Championship, the first time in NASCAR where the two had been split. In 2005 Harvick won one race at Bristol.
For 2006 Harvick ran the full season in both Cup with 3 wins and Busch, winning their second Busch Championship. Goodwrench only sponsored the car for 24 races, as financial trouble began to plague GM. In 2007 Goodwrench became an associate sponor, and ended their 22 year partnership with RCR in 2008. In 2011 GM discontinued the Goodwrench brand and it is now known as GM Certified Service.
2007 started off huge for Harvick as they won the Daytona 500 it would be their only points paying win in the next 3 years as 2008 & 2009 would be winless except for victories in exhibition events like the 2007 All Star and the 2009 Sprint Unlimited (Clash).
In the 2009 season it was reported that Harvick, feeling uncompetitive in RCR equipment, asked for a release from their contract to go drive for the newly formed Steward Haas Racing, taking their sponsor Shell with him. This change failed to materialize at this time. In 2010 Harvick broke their long winless streak at Talladega, the first of 3 wins that year. Harvick finished 3rd in points in 2010.
From 2011-2013 Harvick was constantly a threat to win, finishing 3rd in the points standings 2 more times. Harvick was particularly dominant at Pheonix , a track they raced at many times in their days in the Winston West series (K&N West). In 2014 Harvick left RCR to drive the #4 for Steart Hass . Childress told Harvick when they left that they believed Harvick would win the Sprint Cup at SHR, and sure enough Harvick won the title in their first year not in #29. Childress and Harvick are still friends despite no longer being business partners, and Harvick acknowledged Childress's influence on them during their 2014 acceptance speech . Following Harvick's departure from RCR the car was renumbered back to #3 as Austin Dillon took the wheel.
Dick Hutcherson drove #29 in 97 of their 103 career starts from 1964-1967. In those 4 years they earned 14 career wins, 13 in #29. Dick was the hands-down favorite to win rookie of the year, but was ruled ineligible for the award because they were a past champion in IMCA. “Hutch” retired from full-schedule racing to concentrate on their chassis-building business in Charlotte. After four years of top-level racing they became crew chief for their friend and fellow driver David Pearson in 1968. The combination won the championship in 1968 and 1969. In 1968 they also appeared in the Elvis Presley stock car racing movie Speedway. Another step in their career became a reality after their tenure with Pearson when they were named general manager of Holman-Moody, a position they held until December 1971 when they and West Coast driver Eddie Pagan formed Hutcherson-Pagan, a business to build and repair race cars. The two were very successful as they built cars for A.J. Foyt, Darrell Waltrip, Rick Wilson, and others. Hutcherson passed away in 2005 at age 73.
Steve Grissom made 71 starts in #29 from 1994-1996. Jeff Green, Robert Pressley, and several others would make starts in the car from 1996-1998.
Nelson Stacy drove their Ford Starliner for 40 races from 1961-1963 including 4 wins .
In the twilight of their career Cale Yarborough was an owner/driver for 26 races in #29 starting in 1987. In 1988 Yarborough split the season with Dale Jarrett who drove the car for half of the races. Yarborough officially retired at the end of the year and Jarrett ran the entire 1989 season, a total of 48 starts in #29.
Dink Widenhouse drove #29, or B-29 as it was often numbered, for 27 races from 1954-1956. Widenhouse may be best remembered for their final career race. After getting caught up in an early crash at Darlington Speedway, where they finished 54th, Widenhouse began crawling out of the car. But when they sighted their own blood from a cut arm, Widenhouse suddenly fainted. Because they were in the process of climbing out of their car and taking off their harnesses, Widenhouse fell onto the ground head-first. The rest of their body, however, still hung in the cockpit as they were held by seatbelts. Luckily, Widenhouse was ok, but they never raced again.
In 2014 & 2015 Joe Nemechek and Matt Crafton attempted to qualify the #29 RAB Toyota for 3 races. The car has never started a race.
Other notable names in #29
Bud Moore, 7 starts
Greg Sacks, 6 starts
Grant Adcox, 3 starts
Chad Little, 4 starts
Hershel McGriff, 3 starts
Phil Parsons, 3 starts
AJ Foyt, 1 start
Bobby Isaac, 1 start
Tim Richmond, 1 start
Advertisements
On the heels of gaining Tier One recognition from the prestigious Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching, the University of Houston has been named one of the nation's best institutions for undergraduate education, according to, the widely known education services company.
The Princeton Review has chosen UH for inclusion in the forthcoming edition of its popular annual guidebook, "The Best 376 Colleges: 2012 Edition," which will be available in bookstores in early August 2011.
"Since we are striving to achieve overall excellence, this recognition by the Princeton Review is one more important indication that we're making great progress," said UH President Renu Khator. "This is the first time our school has been included, so it's gratifying to know our efforts at improving student success are starting to show real results."
Robert Franek, senior vice president-publishing for The Princeton Review, said UH was chosen as one of the "best" undergraduate colleges based on several criteria the publication considers when reviewing schools for the book.
"First, we must have a high regard for their academic programs and other offerings," said Franek. "Second, our selections take into account institutional data we collect from the schools and the opinions of more than 122,000 students who we survey. We also greatly value the feedback we get about schools from our college-savvy staff across the country as well as from students, educators and parents who use our services and books."
So impressed was Franek with UH's profile, they and a team of Princeton Review executives flew to Houston recently to visit the campus. "You have much to be proud of and much to brag about," they said. "We're delighted to share in it with you."
During the tour, Joe Guerra, vice president of educational partnerships for The Princeton Review, said, "UH students are energetic. I was particularly impressed to see how much diversity the campus offers, as well as the variety of languages being spoken."
Khator cited a number of factors they believe have contributed to an improved undergraduate experience at UH, including:
Implementing an ambitious construction program to provide new academic, research and housing facilities for students, with approved projects to double campus building square footage from 6 million square feet in 2000 to more than 12 million square feet.
Adding state-of-the-art residence halls such as Cougar Village, Calhoun Lofts and the planned Cougar Place sophomore housing complex, which continue to grow the community of more than 3,900 students who now live on campus.
Providing world-class dining facilities, such as the addition of the cooked-to-order Fresh Food Co. at Moody Towers - the first-of-its-kind facility in the Southwest and the largest in the nation.
Creating a living-learning environment on campus, where the Faculty-in Residence program allows faculty and their families to live in the residence halls and interact with students.
Enhancing scholastic performance by raising admission standards and increasing the number of academic advisors.
Rewarding academic progress with the Graduation Pledge, which provides grants that can total $3,000 for students who complete at least 30 credit hours a year toward their degrees.
Providing incoming freshmen with Personal Assistance Liaisons (PALs) - faculty and staff members who stay in touch with their assigned students throughout the semester, informing them about upcoming events and offering a human connection to the university.
Only about 15 percent of the nation's colleges reviewed by Princeton Review - and only 8 percent of all colleges nationwide - are included in this widely known college guide.
"It includes public and private schools, traditional and non-traditional colleges, historically black colleges and universities, and science and technology-focused institutions," Franek said. "However, each one is an outstanding institution we highly recommend to college applicants and their parents. In our opinion, these are ‘the cream of the crop' institutions for undergraduates in America."
"Student success is a top priority at UH, and this recognition by Princeton Review shows that we're making great strides," Khator said.
Information about the book, its rankings and ratings is at:
http://www.princetonreview.com/college-rankings.aspx.
About the University of Houston
The University of Houston is a comprehensive national research institution serving the globally competitive Houston and Gulf Coast Region by providing world-class faculty, experiential learning and strategic industry partnerships. UH serves more than 38,500 students in the nation's fourth-largest city, located in the most ethnically and culturally diverse region of the country.
For more information about UH visit the university's Newsroom at www.uh.edu/admin/media/newsroom
It has been quite a while since we announced Instant Answers in the first four non-English languages.
We have been silently working to add more languages and we're proud to announce the addition of 8 new languages! In total, the new articles from Spanish, Portuguese, Russian, Dutch, Italian, Ukrainian, Swedish and Norwegian Wikipedias amount for over 20 million new instant answers!
Here are a few examples:
As we mentioned in the last update, you will automatically see these new Instant Answers if your web browser is set to prefer any of these languages. Of course, you can also change your language on the DuckDuckGo settings page.
Norwergian Nynorsk, Chinese, Japanese and Hindi are next on our list and we hope to add those (plus more) in the near future. If you would like us to add a language that is not yet included or have some feedback to share, feel free to send us a tweet or leave a comment below!
The Satanic Temple scored a free-speech victory in its quest for equal representation among the Florida state capitol building's religious-themed holiday displays.
The Satanic Temple — not to be confused with the Church of Satan, with which TST is not affiliated — describes its mission as "facilitating the communication and mobilization of politically aware Satanists, secularists, and advocates for individual liberty," as well as "to encourage benevolence and empathy among all people. In addition, we embrace practical common sense and justice. As an organized religion, we feel it is our function to actively provide outreach, to lead by example, and to participate in public affairs wheresoever the issues might benefit from rational, Satanic insights."
Advertisement
The group's causes are quite progressive; current campaigns advocate for women's reproductive health rights and same-sex marriage, among other causes. But the media-savvy organization (check out the merch) gets the most attention for its freedom-of-religion efforts, like that time they argued that if a statue of the Ten Commandments could be displayed in the Oklahoma State Capitol, it was only fair that a statue of Baphomet (along with any other religious representation that anyone cared to donate) be allowed to hang out, too.
It's in this spirit that TST took on Florida's government, which has a seemingly open-door policy on religious displays during the holidays.
Advertisement
According to Slate, in 2013 the state "allowed Christians, Jews, secular humanists, atheists, and Pastafarians [i.e., Flying Spaghetti Monster devotees] to construct testaments to their faith. [They also allowed a Festivus pole made of beer cans.] But Florida forbade the Satanic Temple from placing its own display in the capitol, labeling it 'grossly offensive.' So this year, the temple reapplied, with some additional legal backing: Americans United for the Separation of Church and State threatened to sue Florida for violating the temple's free speech rights if the state refused to permit its display."
Needless to say, Florida blinked, and the Satanic Temple's display (described as "an angel falling into a pit of fire") will take its place under the rotunda December 22-29. Horns up for the First Amendment.
Posted 02 August 2015 - 06:23 PM
Oceanic 4v4 League
Intro: Here is a draft ruleset that aims to cater for as many Oceanic units of varying size as possible and encourage people to have a go. The fundamental rules are quite simple however I will elaborate on the details for clarity. As you will see it takes inspiration from MRBC, RHoD and MLMW yet remains accessible to small units/groups of mates. I will be editing this post with revisions. Nothing has been set in stone yet, still at the planing phase so post your feedback and get keen!
Pilot Eligibility: Initial rosters of at least 4 (max 12?) are submitted at start of season. Pilots can be added during season if they have not been on any other roster. (Same as MRBC). No geographical limit on pilots but all matches will be on Singapore server.
Team Eligilbility: Pilots within a team do not require the same unit tag (although preferred). Units can enter multiple teams (228: Sobriety Overrated and 228: Choomahdactyls). Roster rules apply.
Format: 2 Stages; Swiss Seeding, Round Robin (this system works with any number of teams)
- Swiss Seeding:
. The number and size of the divisions is completely adjustable. This is to encourage newer pilots/teams to have a go and enter the comp scene while the established comp teams (AP MRBC, some EU RHoD?) can still duke it out. If there are a small number of teams and 1 Division seems appropriate, this stage can be skipped completely. The number of seeding rounds is 2 for up to 4 teams, 3 for up to 8 teams, 4 for up to 16 teams etc,. Round 1 matchups will be random (or approx rating). As per swiss pairing, teams with equal W/L will face each other. Once complete, a rough ladder of teams will be obtained. This can be split into Divisions. (i.e. top 8 become Division A, bottom 8 become Division. The number and size of the divisions is completely adjustable. This is to encourage newer pilots/teams to have a go and enter the comp scene while the established comp teams (AP MRBC, some EU RHoD?) can still duke it out. If there are a small number of teams and 1 Division seems appropriate, this stage can be skipped completely.
- Round Robin:
Pretty straightforward, we fight every other team in the Division in turn with a leaderboard. End of Season ranking determine winner.
- Finals? Top 2/4 teams play Best of 5 Finals (Optional)
Matches:
This is where it gets interesting. Best of 3 formats (all drops played out):
Drop 1: Conquest 1/1/1/1
Drop 2: Skirmish 240 tons
Drop 3: Conquest 1/1/1/1
-----------------------
Drop 4: Skirmish 240 tons (only used for Finals)
Drop 5: Conquest 1/1/1/1 (only used for Finals)
Maps will be predetermined from a randomised list (Like MRBC/MLMW, maps are known in advance with Alpine, Terra Therma and Viridian Bog excluded). Lower seeded team choses spawn for Drop 1. Loser of previous drop chooses spawn for drops 2+. (For reference, Team 1, Red Spawn creates lobby and Team 2, Blue Spawn gets invited to lobby). Spawn selection is optional, I included as a formality.
In case of tie on skirmish, both teams get a loss for the drop. Redrop if tied on conquest (that should never happen realistically). There will be no damage countback (unlike MRBC). Gamemode win conditions decide drop win (kill advantage on Skirmish, capture points or team elimination on conquest). Time limit to 10 minutes (should be fine for 4v4, although 15 is fine).
Singapore Server only.
No Strikes
1 Mulligan per team, per match series. Only used in case of pilot DC, illegal dropdeck, IRL disaster. Point of no return (void mulligan) is 1 Minute into game or if any damage has being dealt. The team calling mulligan should type "mulligan" in all chat then all 4 pilots disconnect promptly (this is to prevent that team from seeing enemy loadout or dropdeck).
Scheduling: As per AP MRBC. 1 match per week. Work it out with each other and try to be flexible. Fall-back is Friday 9:00pm AEST (this time seems to be the most universal). If both teams agree to delay a match and play 2 the next week that's fine. (I suggest match start time between 8:00pm and 10:00pm AEST)
Leaderboard scoring: 2 points for match win, 1 point for tie, 0 for match loss. Drops won/lost recorded to split teams on same match W/L. Mechs destroyed/lost likewise recorded. (Forfeits count as 3/0 drop win, 12/0 mechs destroyed/lost).
Seasons: Season length = seeding weeks + division size-1. So for 16 teams (4 seeding weeks) and 2 8 team divisions, seasons will be 11 weeks long.
Mech Eligibility: Any non-preorder mech. Max 1 Clan mech (IS only also good). No duplicate chassis.
Spectating: Spectators must be there to stream and not be same TS channel as competing teams. Streams on at least 5-minute delay.
Issues: Board of team leaders etc. (you get the idea)
Common sense: Don't cheat, be respectful, have fun
edits: spelling, grammar and wording
live1991 of OMC has been working on a 4v4 league called Battle for Midway complete with a website and all (and it looks awesome). Go check out the site, sign up and get keen!!!Dates:- 10/08 Rules Finalised- 15/08 Team Signup Deadline- 17/08 Week 0 (scheduling for Week 1 matches)- 24/08 Week 1 of matches begins!Note: I was not aware of this when I made my post yesterday and was just keen to get the ball rolling for real in terms of oceanic 4v4. The interest here has been very encouraging and I am sure we will have lots of newer teams. live1991 has a proper website, great ruleset and a lot more preparation so I encourage all interested (particularly team leaders) to sign up on the site linked.
Edited by Jay-Z, 03 August 2015 - 04:57 PM.
No more field days … life are set to become more difficult for US farmers. Image: Rich via Flickr
New research indicates that climate change will wreak havoc on farmers in America as they struggle to adapt to the rapid increase in heat.
LONDON, 5 April, 2017 – Spare a thought for the farmers of America: climate change is going to make their lives more difficult. Growing seasons will be extended, as spring arrives ever earlier and winter's onset is delayed.
But that also throws one of farming's great specifics into new uncertainty. What matters most immediately to farmers is not just the overall pattern of rain and sunlight; it is the number of days on which they can successfully and fruitfully work the soil. And this, say agricultural researchers, is crucial.
Working days
“Everything else flows from field working days,” says Adam Davis, an ecologist for the US Department of Agriculture and a crop scientist at the University of Illinois.
“If you're not able to work, everything else gets backed up. Workable days will determine the cultivars, the cropping system and the types of pest management practices you can use. We're simply asking, ‘Can you get in to plant your crop?'”
The scientists report in the Public Library of Science journal PLoS One that they started with computer models that could match past climate data with field working days for Illinois.
They then extended their research into the future, matching nine crop districts with two forecast time periods, mid-century and late century, and three climate scenarios in which the changes range from mild to extreme.
“ All this weird weather? It's part of a trend.
Now is the time to prepare, because the future is here”
The indicators are that tomorrow's farmers will face some tricky choices when it comes to planting corn: April and May in Illinois could be too wet to work the fields.
“We're predicting warmer and wetter springs, and drier, hotter summers,” Dr Davis says.
“The season fragments and we start to see an early-early season, so that March starts looking like a good target for planting in the future. In the past, March has been the bleeding edge; nobody in their right mind would have planted then. But we've already seen the trend for early planting. It's going to keep trending in that direction for summer annuals.”
Worldwide, scientists have repeatedly warned that climate change driven by human dependence on fossil fuels presents serious problems for farmers: many crops are vulnerable to extremes of heat, and climate change presents a hazard for harvests in Africa, Asia and Europe.
America in particular could face substantial losses, and, at the most basic level, the grasses – almost all the world's staple foods are provided by the grass family – may not be able to adapt to rapidly changing climates.
Cost to farmers
The Illinois researchers found that drought periods would intensify in mid to late summer under all climate change scenarios. Those who plant early risk the chance of a late frost. Those who choose to plant maize late to avoid the wet April and May could find they run the risk of kernel abortion later.
They might have to try a new hybrid, or a new crop altogether. They might hope to plant early and harvest before the drought. Given the investment in agriculture, any miscalculation would be costly.
Weather patterns, the scientists note, have become more volatile and extreme. “All this weird weather? It's part of a trend,” says Dr Davis. “Now is the time to prepare, because the future is here.” – Climate News Network
Ohio State University is warning women to be on the lookout for a man who isn't allowed on campus because they have a long list of groping convictions and is accused of doing the same twice this week on campus.
Ohio State University is warning women to be on the lookout for a man who isn't allowed on campus because they have a long list of groping convictions and is accused of doing the same twice this week on campus.
A criminal trespassing warrant was issued Wednesday for Lonnie Sturdivant, 59, because Ohio State said he's prohibited by court order from being on the campus, said Dan Hedman, a university spokesperson.
Ohio State police want to question Sturdivant, said to be homeless, in regard to two incidents that occurred this week, causing campus police to issue public-safety alerts on Tuesday and Wednesday.
The first incident, campus police said, occurred shortly before 3 p.m. Tuesday. A woman sitting on a bench outside Knowlton Hall, in the 200 block of West Woodruff Avenue, said a man asked whether they could sit beside them When they did, they said, the man fondled their lower body and fled.
The second incident occurred at 8:15 p.m. Tuesday but wasn't reported to police until Wednesday morning. A woman said they were approached by a man while they worked on a computer on the second floor of the Ohio Union. They said they wanted to charge their phone, then moments later, touched them sexually.
In both cases, there was a similar description of the assailant, who was said to be about 6 feet tall, bald and with a goatee. Authorities say it's Sturdivant.
Since 2011, Sturdivant has been convicted 10 times on charges of sexual imposition and served countless days in the Franklin County jail. The first two incidents occurred in 2011 on COTA buses, causing them to be banned from all Central Ohio Transit Authority buses, according to WBNS-TV (Channel 10).
Sturdivant also was banned from the Columbus State Community College campus after they were convicted for incidents there in 2013 and 2015. And the Ohio State ban came after they were arrested for several groping incidents around the OSU campus, including at the Panera Restaurant on North High Street in November 2013 and at the Thompson Library in January 2014.
In addition, Sturdivant served prison time in the 1980s, after breaking into a woman's home. After that incident, more than 200 neighbors went to Sturdivant's home, demanding their arrest. The woman said they had woken on their couch to find Sturdivant, with a pillow slip on their head, rubbing their leg and saying to her, "I've been watching you, and I just had to come in."
jwoods@dispatch.com
@Woodsnight
Just as the Winterfell set underwent a major expansion to include the stronghold's walls and towers, a mysterious new set appeared next to the Game of Thrones production's Paint Hall Studios. It was intriguing enough, as it didn't have any distinguishing features yet that could give us a clear clue as to what the structure would eventually depict, but it didn't look like a major set for season eight. We were wrong. So, so wrong!
Yet again it was Los Siete Reinos who got a hold of new photos of this set:
Previously, this new construction only included some sort of defensive wall with a staircase leading to the top and a windowed wall with a gate. We didn't know how these pieces would connect, or even if they would, but now it's become clear they not only do connect but they are, in fact, but a small part of a much larger complex, which as far as I can tell is only rivalled in size by the Winterfell set in Moneyglass. Take a closer look:
The work isn't nearly over, and yet the new set has already tripled in size, at least. As it hasn't been dressed yet, it's difficult to guess which castle or stronghold it's supposed to be but, whatever it is, it's important enough for season eight that the production saw a need to build a whole, cohesive set, a privilege only Winterfell has earned before.
At this point, for the last season, I can only imagine one reason to build such a massive structure: there's going to be significant action going on here. In fact, the need for a totally new interconnected set may imply a battle sequence. But where in Westeros? Are we going to see more of the actual Red Keep besides gardens, a courtyard and the throne room, at last? The abundance of windows doesn't suggest a Northern castle, but could it be White Harbor? Or another stronghold taking on unprecedented importance?
Your guess is as good as mine. And please, do share your guesses in the comments!
Normally when viewers turn on Judge Judy, they can expect a defendant losing a case in less than a minute or the sitting-on-the-edge-of-your-seat drama of a dog choosing its rightful owner. Imagine their surprise when they flipped on CBS in the middle of the afternoon to find none other than comedian and Jennifer Lawrence BFF, Amy Schumer.
Naturally, people were shook and Twitter had a field day.
When @amyschumer casually attends a taping of Judge Judy… pic.twitter.com/vHmG896yaT — Betsy Barta (@BetsyBarta) August 17, 2017
Turns out, Amy and their sister are huge Judge Judy fans, with Schumer taking to Instagram to comment on their surprise appearance. “Hell yeah! You know I was in the audience on #judgejudy,” they wrote. “My sister and I sat in on the cases for the day because we love her!!!!!”
We shouldn't be too surprised though, because Schumer actually released a video on Instagram this past May of themselves on the set of the courtroom reality show, where “Her Funnyness” goofed around with Petri Hawkins-Byrd, the bailiff on the show.
Maxime Bernier says he's "seriously considering" a run at the Conservative Party leadership left vacant by the departure of Stephen Harper.
"People in Western Canada and here in Quebec are asking me to consider running for the leadership and I have officially decided to consider it, to consider it seriously," reported the Canadian Press.
Maxime Bernier is seen with then-girlfriend Julie Couillard in 2007. They had previously been married to a member of a Quebec biker gang. ((CBC))
The 52-year-old has served as Conservative MP for the Beauce riding since 2006 and considers themselves as an advocate of personal freedom and individual responsibility.
 They are partial to the economic platform favoured by the onetime Reform Party, which includes shrinking government and decentralizing powers.
Their past titles include Minister of Industry, Minister of Foreign Affairs and Minister of State for Small Business and Tourism. They trained as a lawyer and is an avid long-distance runner.
Bernier also earned a high profile for an early series of miscues , including one involving their relationship with Julie Couillard, a woman who had ties to biker gangs.
Rona Ambrose became the interim leader on Nov. 5 and a leadership contest is expected to be held within the upcoming months.
WASHINGTON — A federal district court in California issued a preliminary injunction in the case of Jesús Arreola late yesterday, ordering the government to restore Arreola's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) grant and employment authorization.
The American Civil Liberties Union and the ACLU Foundation of Southern California had filed a preliminary injunction motion on behalf of Arreola in October.
The government had revoked Arreola's DACA grant because immigration authorities had initiated removal proceedings against him, charging them with being unlawfully present in the United States. The court explained that because every DACA recipient is unlawfully present in the U.S. as a predicate for eligibility for the program, terminating someone's status on that basis alone is arbitrary, irrational, and violates the Administrative Procedure Act. The court also held that because the government had granted Arreola DACA in 2012, 2014, and 2016, it could not change its position with respect to whether they were deserving of DACA without at least providing a good reason for the change — which it failed to do. In addition, the court found that nothing in the program rules permits the government to automatically terminate DACA as a result of removal proceedings that charge a DACA recipient with being unlawfully present.
“Jesús Arreola was in good standing and following the rules when the Trump administration arbitrarily stripped them of their DACA,” said ACLU attorney Katrina Eiland. “The court's decision is good news for Jesús and their family — who just welcomed their first child yesterday in California — and Dreamers like them who have been wrongfully targeted. The government can't just break its promises for no reason and start revoking DACA. This case highlights why Congress must pass the Dream Act to protect Jesús and hundreds of thousands of other young immigrants whose lives and futures are at risk under this administration.”
Andrés Kwon, Equal Justice Works Emerson Fellow at the ACLU of Southern California, said, “The fact that Jesús at least at this point regains their DACA status and their authorization to work — both of which were taken from them — is a hopeful step in the right direction. This lawsuit is about ensuring that DACA provides meaningful protection from deportation. But even if the court ultimately finds in our favor, it's at best a temporary measure. We need a permanent solution, which is the immediate passage of a clean Dream Act.”
Jesús Alonso Arreola Robles is a 23-year-old resident of the Los Angeles area who has lived in the U.S. since age one. At the time that the Department of Homeland Security terminated their DACA, Arreola was working two jobs to help support their family — as a cook at the famed Chateau Marmont in West Hollywood and as a driver for Uber and Lyft. Through their earnings, Arreola helped support their parents, both of whom are lawful permanent residents, and their three U.S. citizen sisters — one of whom has significant disabilities.
Despite Arreola's lack of any criminal history and their valid DACA grant, federal immigration authorities arrested them in February 2017 while they were driving a customer. Authorities falsely alleged that they were trying to help smuggle the customer's relatives into the United States and placed them in deportation proceedings. Even though an immigration judge promptly rejected the smuggling allegation, and they were never charged with any crime, DHS revoked their DACA and with it, their ability to work and support their family.
“We are overjoyed for Jesús Arreola and their family, and welcome yesterday's ruling as a small victory for justice and common sense,” said Lorella Praeli, director of immigration policy and campaigns at the ACLU. “At the same time, the very fact that Jesús was arrested to begin with remains a troubling reminder that the Trump administration is targeting young immigrants, including those with DACA status. The stories of Rosa Maria Hernandez, Jessica Colotl, and other young Dreamers and DACA-recipients unjustly targeted by the Trump administration underscores the urgent need for Congress to pass the Dream Act this year. And despite the decision's good news, Jesús joins hundreds of thousands of current DACA recipients whose futures and protections remain uncertain in the hands of Congress. No Dreamer should have to spend the holidays wondering if they will have to leave the country they call home.”
Arreola is one of the plaintiffs in a class-action lawsuit filed by the ACLU and the ACLU of Southern California on behalf of young immigrants challenging the Trump administration's unlawful decisions to terminate their DACA grants. The lawsuit was brought on behalf of Arreola and others like him, as well as the Inland Empire-Immigrant Youth Collective (IEIYC), an organization that advocates for immigrant youth.
IEIYC & Arreola v. Duke alleges that DHS has a practice of unlawfully and arbitrarily revoking DACA grants and work authorizations based on unproven allegations or low-level offenses, such as traffic violations, that do not disqualify the individual from the program. DHS terminates DACA in these cases without any advance notice, any chance to fight the government's actions, or any opportunity to reinstate DACA when an individual is cleared of any allegations. The lawsuit says that these revocation practices violate the federal Administrative Procedure Act and the Due Process Clause of the Constitution.
If you or someone you know has had a DACA grant revoked, please contact the ACLU at DACArevoked@aclu.org.
A video about Arreola's story is available here:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fIT9yxQSkvo&feature=youtu.be
A blog post by Arreola is here:
https://medium.com/aclu/i-lost-my-daca-status-because-i-was-arrested-though-never-charged-with-a-crime-45561fd4a7fb
Photos of Arreola can be found here:
https://www.dropbox.com/sh/eyedp7d8uq5sydw/AACOalu9pIqNMkVTi-uC0CE1a?dl=0
For more information about the class action lawsuit is available online here:
https://www.aclu.org/cases/inland-empire-immigrant-youth-collective-v-duke
This isn't just an advertisement for the most succulent amuse-bouche you've ever seen. It's also Chelsea being more self-aware than we though possible.
It's not a good thing to enjoy prawn sandwiches at games. Roy Keane's famous quote about more Man U fans being there for the amenities than the game action immediately took on a life of its own, and prawn sandwich brigade became shorthand for the English equivalent of our luxury suitegoers.
So it's as refreshing as it is disheartening to see Chelsea co-opt the term, realizing, hey, we've got an evil Russian billionaire owner, we spend more than just about any other club, and maybe some of our high-roller fans really are just here for the experience.
The URL in the ad redirects to the corporate hospitality page, so this is 100 percent real. Shake your head if you want, but I guarantee they serve up a larger and fresher prawn than Fulham does.
[Tumblr, via Copyranter]
There's an odd debate happening right now around the box-office performance of Star Wars: The Last Jedi. Said debate stems from the film's second-weekend performance, which followed the second-largest opening weekend of all time, ranking only behind its predecessor, Star Wars: The Force Awakens. But on that second weekend, The Last Jedi declined 67.5 percent from its opening-weekend gross, which is … a lot.
How bad is it? That's the subject of debate, with opinions ranging from “an epic Hollywood choke” to “a scheduling snafu.” (The Last Jedi's second weekend included Christmas Eve, a notoriously poor day for the box office.) On the one hand, that tumble is almost as bad as Batman v Superman's notorious 69.1 percent drop — and worse than Suicide Squad's 67.4 percent! On the other, The Last Jedi has already become the second-highest-grossing domestic release of the year after just 14 days in theaters, with Beauty and the Beast about to cede the top spot sooner rather than later — so what's the big deal?
The big deal is that this performance links up with another narrative currently making the rounds: that the public doesn't like this movie. While The Last Jedi, which met with widespread critical praise, sports an A Cinemascore — same as Force Awakens, and same as last year's inaugural spinoff, Rogue One: A Star Wars Story — other audience-based metrics online have pointed to a less stellar reception, along with your typical social-media-based wailing and gnashing of teeth. Even if the scale of this response is pretty dodgy — loud voices online do not a public make — the sense of such a response is certainly in the air, and it seems to correlate with the second-weekend dip. But — say it with me now — correlation does not equal causation, and what The Last Jedi's box-office performance might really be in need of is a little context.
Who Are Rey's Parents?
The first problem is that we don't really have a great comparison point for The Last Jedi. Sure, there was The Force Awakens two years ago, which came out on the same date in December, but The Force Awakens was the first Star Wars movie in a decade, not to mention a film that promised a return to the original trilogy after three, uh, controversial prequels. The Last Jedi, on the other hand, is the third Star Wars movie in three years, and it comes with the promise of another Star Wars movie every year going forward until VR technology lets you live life as a porg. Comparing the performance of The Last Jedi to the pre–Force Awakens franchise is meaningless thanks to the changes in moviegoing over the years, but comparing it to The Force Awakens also sets an impossibly high bar: Sequels in general don't do as well as their predecessors, a phenomenon that's become even more pronounced in the era of cinematic universes, and expecting The Last Jedi to match either the gross or the hold of The Force Awakens seems unrealistic. Let's remember that The Force Awakens made $2 billion worldwide; only two other films have managed that, Avatar and Titanic, and they did so in a completely different manner, against less competition and at a far slower pace. The Force Awakens didn't just top Jurassic World, the next biggest earner worldwide, it made 25 percent more than the dinosaurs did; it's a statistical anomaly, and comparing any other movie to it, even another Star Wars movie, isn't terribly productive.
But what about the MCU? you might say, hanging from a web on the ceiling. Yes, the MCU's sequels have generally improved on their predecessors, but there's one movie in the MCU that does seem to offer a better point of comparison for The Last Jedi than, say, Jurassic World or Avengers, the films it's currently being stacked up against due to its astronomically high first-weekend gross — two films, it bears mentioning, that were (a) another long-awaited comeback of a beloved franchise, and (b) a then-innovative synthesis of various beloved franchises that had never been seen before. That would be Avengers: Age of Ultron, the sequel to the fifth-highest-grossing movie of all time.
Like The Last Jedi, Age of Ultron opened big but not quite as big as its predecessor, managing a $191 million first weekend versus the $207 million of Avengers. More instructively, though, Age of Ultron also experienced a fairly severe second-weekend dip, falling 59.4 percent versus Avengers' mere 50.4 percent dip — and in Ultron's case, against nearly nonexistent competition, with the next-best performer being the debut of Hot Pursuit at a measly $14 million. No other movie managed more than $6 million that weekend; compare that to The Last Jedi's second weekend, on which Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle and The Greatest Showman both debuted — not to mention weaker performers like Downsizing and Father Figures, also in wide release. That is a sizable amount of competition, especially considering the success of Jumanji, and the comparison looks even more favorable to Last Jedi if you factor in the whole Christmas Eve Sunday hit.
And then there's the second problem. While Age of Ultron, as well as another useful comp, Captain America: Civil War — which also saw a 60 percent second-weekend drop — both came out in May, doing the majority of their business on Fridays, Saturdays, and Sundays, The Last Jedi's December–slash–Christmas holiday release allows the weekdays to become de facto weekends for a movie of this wattage. Once you factor in that element, a completely different picture emerges: At day 13, The Last Jedi boasts a remarkable $445 million, which looks awfully good when you compare it to Age of Ultron's $329 million at the same point in its release, not to mention Civil War's $311 million. In fact, it renders all second-weekend evaluations completely premature: While the ten-day charts saw The Last Jedi fall behind Avengers and Jurassic World, the nature of this holiday dynamic allowed it to immediately surge past both films by the following Wednesday. (This doesn't even get into international grosses, which are just fine, with a China release still to come.)
So yes, if your only comparison points for The Last Jedi are the three highest-grossing movies of all time, all of which rode massive, years-long waves of nostalgia and anticipation, you could conceivably call it a disappointment — and even then, you'd probably still be wrong. (Wonder Woman, the year's most buzzed-about film? The Last Jedi outgrossed it in less than two weeks.) But if you take into account even one of the many factors that might suggest why its second weekend fell so drastically from its first, it becomes clear that The Last Jedi is an achievement without a proper benchmark, a film that should have no difficulty becoming the highest-grossing proper sequel ever made. If that achievement isn't enough to be considered a success, then the fault might lie with the expectations, not the performance being measured.
Welcome to the Vegan Feminist Network, a vegan community valuing a non-violent & intersectional approach to anti-oppression activism. Some of the leading activists and scholars in the field have contributed to VFN including Cheryl Abbate, Raffi Ciavatta, Julia Feliz Brueck, Michele Kaplan, Lisa Kemmerer, Aph & Syl Ko, and Corey Wrenn.
Why Vegan Feminism Now?
Although the Nonhuman Animal rights movement is composed primarily of women, it continues to reflect the patriarchal structures that characterize broader society. This site functions as a safe community for activists of all backgrounds. Our mission is to non-violently eradicate oppression from the Nonhuman Animal rights movement and improve inclusiveness through dialogue and education.
Get Started
Visitors should check out the heart and soul of VFN, our blog, which is updated periodically by activists and scholars in the field of animal rights and ecofeminism. We also have a variety of videos and podcasts for those who learn better by listening or watching. We even have printable outreach material for events and activism.
Learn about the history of vegan feminism by visiting our historical timeline. Male allies and white allies might also find our tip sheets helpful for building a more inclusive activist community. Species-inclusive intersectionality theory is also explained in this short video clip.
Take it to the next level by checking out A Rational Approach to Animal Rights, a guide to feminist-inspired, effective activism for other animals written by VFN founder, Dr. Corey Wrenn.
Get Connected
For regular updates on vegan feminism including alerts to new essays and commentary on current events, be sure to follow us on Facebook. You can also follow Dr. Wrenn's work by following them on Facebook and Instagram or by visiting their website and registering for their newsletter.
Contact
Vegan Feminist Network is a volunteer-based web project operated by Dr. Corey Lee Wrenn. For any inquiries, submissions, and suggestions, please contact info @ veganfeministnetwork .com
Northern Territory government denies media event to mark the first concrete pour was staged but Labor senator and MPs ask auditor general to investigate
Labor asks for audit of funds for hospital where hole was dug and filled in
The federal Labor party has written to the auditor general requesting the funding of a Northern Territory hospital at the centre of an alleged government media stunt be examined.
The Palmerston hospital project, which has $110m in federal funding, came under scrutiny this week when the NT government was accused of staging a media stunt at the construction site. The health minister, John Elferink, invited media to attend the first concrete pour last Friday, only for the hole to be filled in and covered up in the days following.
The NT government denied the event was staged and said construction site managers Lend Lease filled it in for “public safety” but did not answer questions on why it was dug in the first place or who made the decision.
On Friday, Labor senator Nova Peris and MPs Catherine King and Warren Snowdon said they had requested the auditor general look into the funding of the hospital, which appeared to have had “no meaningful construction” take place despite progress payments of $56m.
“Despite promises by the CLP that construction would begin in 2014, the only work that has occurred at the site appears to have been a hole being dug, part filled with concrete, cameras invited for a media event with the CLP minister, and then the hole filled over,” read the statement.
“In spite of this, Department of Health officials this week told Senate Estimates they have accepted evidence from the NT government that work on the site has commenced, clearing the way for a $35m payment.”
Labor has requested the auditor general conduct a performance audit into the project agreement but a spokesperson for the office said it had not been received yet.
A copy of the letter, seen by Guardian Australia, asks the auditor-general to consider legislation around grant payment strategies and verifying milestones before payments are made.
The Department of Health told Senate estimates on Wednesday that payments totalling $56m based on construction milestones had been paid to the NT government based on evidence of construction commencement but were not linked to this particular event.
“The federal government has paid $56m to the CLP government to dig a hole and fill it in,” Peris said on Wednesday.
The next payment of $20m is scheduled for May, the current deadline for complete construction of the hospital base, and the federal minister for health, Sussan Ley, said no funds would be released until project milestones were reached.
NT government paid $56m by Coalition 'to dig a hole and fill it in' at hospital site Read more
“The federal government continues to support the Palmerston hospital project – as evidenced by our $110m investment,” Ley told Guardian Australia in a statement on Wednesday.
“Our number one focus is to ensure this essential health infrastructure for the territory is finished on time and on budget and the commonwealth will continue to keep a close eye on progress to ensure this happens.
“Any impacts as a result of delays will be borne by the NT government.”
Q's by The Dean!
@'s by Ryback!!!
Welcome, everyone, to another exciting interview from your pals at AICN ON THE MAT! The Dean here, happy to bring you this Q&A with the 6'3”, 291lb monster, RYBACK! I mean RRRRYBACK! I'll admit to not being sold on this guy right away, but in the past several months this wrecking machine of a man has had a string of great battles that have really showcased their power and abilities as a pro wrestler, which have me eagerly anticipating their match with fellow titan and “World's Strongest Man” Mark Henry at WRESTLEMANIA 29! This is a huge match for Ryback, which has the potential to (as he'll tell you themselves below) permanently install them as a WWE main eventer. Will we see an instant classic from these two on Sunday that catapults Ryback back into WWE Championship contention? Check out our talk below for Ryback's thoughts on WRESTLEMANIA, their incredible success this year, and the critics who think they don't deserve it…
THE DEAN: Hey, Ryback! How are you doing?
Editing, compiling, imaging, coding, logos & cat-wrangling by Ambush Bug
Proofs, co-edits & common sense provided by Sleazy G
Black Lives Matter's Leslie Mac and Marissa Jenae Redefine Fraud With The Latest Scheme To Manipulate Whites
Via the Internet – Two Black Lives Matter movement activists, Leslie Mac and Marissa Jenae Johnson, are redefining fraud as evidenced by a recent campaign. In the name of empowering black people and ending what they call “white supremacy”, the two women have begun selling “Safety Pin Boxes” online.
According to news sources, the title alludes to “the virtue-signalling safety pin campaign”. Mac's and Johnson's business is geared toward “white people who want to be allies in the fight for black liberation”. White supporters can choose options, pay a fee, and then receive instructions on ideas and options to support their movement on a monthly basis.
The business offers three different safety pin box options along with a single-use box. Assigned tasks may include data collection, influencing networks, personal development, and a show of ‘radical' compassion. The tasks are designed to be completed within one month. Members are encouraged to document their work and network with other group members. One of the three options is a one-time $50 Revenge box, with the instructions to “send this box to a Trump supporter, bigot, or white supremacist of your choice.” If that option is chosen, it is noted that the subscriber was a contributor to the Black Lives Matter movement. The other two options are a $50 per month Pin Pals box and a $25 per month E-Ally box.
The question arising from this business is who does it support? As it stands, the two activists – to the tune of over $100,000 per year. The business' web site answers that very question, and states that the Safety Pin Box supports ‘all of us'. It further states that one-time financial gifts will be given to individual black women who have a demonstrated commitment to serving black people. No specific details on what these amounts are or who the recipients might be been given. Black women who support black liberation are encouraged to apply and recipients are chosen randomly. Of course, the web site states that the more subscribers they have, the more black women that they can support.
According to the business web site, “black women receive financial support. White people work to end white supremacy. Black people guide white ally work. White people learn to redirect resources and do racial justice personal development.” Mac and Johnson claim to have 300 subscribers already. They are best known for shutting down former Presidential candidate Bernie Sanders' rally in 2015 by rushing the stage.
Johnson told a news source that the business' target customer is any person that is aware of their or their white privilege and who learns to learn, give back to black people, are humble, and are willing to make mistakes. Both Leslie Mac and Marissa Jenae have designated the business as a for profit, not non-profit. None of the names of anyone who has allegedly received money from the business or Mac and Johnson have been made public.
This business reeks of fraud and discrimination. There appears to be no accountability for any funds that are received, any public disclosure of funds that have been received, or who has received disbursements. If white people were to set up some type of business such as this, we would be called out for racial division and discrimination and thoroughly embarrassed by the media. The hype and rhetoric from this business is simply an attempt to instill guilt in apparently vulnerable part of our society. This type of business is what we have come to expect from Black Lives Matter: a consistent effort to further divide whites and blacks, instigation toward non-peaceful protest, and a continued exploitation of white people to further their own efforts – at any cost.
What do you think about Leslie Mac and Marissa Jenae, this business and the Safety Pin Box?
Please share your comments on Facebook or below.
I'm not angry. Sure I sometimes feel the emotion, but I don't act on it.
I'm pretty conflict avoidant.
I don't get involved in deep, emotional moments.
No one really cares about my feelings – why say them at all?
I'm good. I don't need to express my feelings. I just move on…
Do you remember a time you hit it off with someone and you felt that spark?
It can be breathtaking. Talking is easy and cracking jokes, even easier. And when you're with them, it feels – maybe if even for a second – like you found someone you should hold onto.
And a few weeks pass by, and you text them and they text back. But, as quickly as it came, a few weeks go by, and their interest fades. They don't reciprocate the excitement you have.
And, in just the span of a few moments, the spark is gone. And you're left there, all alone, with these feelings, unexpressed, while the other person had simply walked away just as easily as they had walking in.
How Resentment Works
Resentment works in a similar fashion. There's a deep pain that comes with not expressing your love for someone. In the same way, the problem with resentment is in it's inexpression. It's easy to hate and not say anything. It's easy to see conflict, but stay quiet.
It's easy to let resentment bubble.
When you don't express anger, it can stay with you. While it's cliche, “bottling up your emotions”, can make for an erratic, maddening life. You burst out at random times. You get excessively angry at innocuous things. You don't handle situations like you should handle them.
Whatever the case, the anger has to be released. So how do we better understand resentment and handle it?
Sitting With The Emotion
Next time something happens that causes some discomfort with someone or something, try to sit with the emotion for a moment. You may have the desire to get up and distract yourself from the emotion, but try to sit with it for 30 seconds. Is it hard? Do you feel anxious?
Because the issues you have avoided, are all still there, beneath the surface. Bubbling.
The goal is not to become an outwardly aggressive person, but to reflect on the emotions and make a decision about how you want to proceed. Often curiosity can be the cure for avoidance. Ask a question. Make sure you understand the person or issue facing you. Are you making assumptions?
How to Deal With Resentment
Someone has voiced a frustration and it made you uncomfortable. You're in a tricky situation.
Now, ask a question. Get some clarification: “What did you mean when you said…” “Are you upset with me? Did I do something that is making you angry?” Possibly, share your feelings. Explain your emotional distress. Could you share that you feel nervous or anxious about the situation without blaming?
How amazing will it feel when you say something, anything and walk away without that extra weight? How proud will you be that you found your voice? Throw away the word conflict. You are not avoiding conflict you are speaking your truth. Begin with a question. Gather your facts and, once you are sure that you understood the other person, express yourself.
Taking Action
Take one thing that bothered you and express yourself. Is there a particular incident that you still think about? Could you express yourself? Try saying, “I am sure you did not mean anything by this, but when you said _____, it hurt my feelings,” or, “When you said __ I took it to mean ___. Is that what you meant?”
Try one. A little clarification can go a long way.
Find as many small opportunities to approach someone or something you are avoiding. Remind yourself that you are safe. Remind yourself that your opinion matters and that you deserve to be heard. And remind yourself that you're allowed to speak your truth – you are entitled to it.
“Resentment is like drinking poison and waiting for the other person to die. ”
― Carrie Fisher
By Jung Min-ho
An increasing number of Koreans are inhaling nitrous oxide ― better known as laughing gas ― from balloons as a party drug to experience feelings of euphoria.
Over the past few months, the "happy balloons" have become popular, especially among young people.
At many bars in Seoul's Hongik University and Gangnam areas, it is now easy to find people enjoying their beers with the balloon, which costs about 5,000 won ($4.5).
Those who have experienced the gas say it induces a brief dopey feeling; some describe it as an "out-of-body experience."
But the widespread use of the gas has raised health concerns.
Nitrous oxide is a colorless, sweet-tasting gas that has been mainly used medically. Doctors and dentists use it as an anesthetic, a tranquillizer and painkiller.
Experts say overuse of nitrous oxide can lead to oxygen deprivation, which can result in a fall in blood pressure, fainting and even heart attacks. Some studies suggest that people might develop a dependence as well.
According to coroners' reports in Britain, it was responsible for 17 deaths between 2006 and 2012.
But its recreational use remains legal in many parts of the world, including most of the United Kingdom except for the London borough of Lambeth.
Many people believe the fad of "happy balloons," which began in Korea last year, came from Laos, Korea's popular travel destination where sellers of the balloons are common.
Police say selling and buying nitrous oxide does not violate any Korean laws.
An official at the Ministry of Food and Drug Safety said the gas is not categorized as illegal because its health risks are limited. But after the issue came into the spotlight recently, the ministry said it will talk with the Ministry of Environment to come up with safety measures.
Guest Hourchivist Angie joins us this week for a madcap, 7-jokes-per-minute marathon that takes us from the wilds of Stone Mountain, Georgia all the way to the office of Dr. Spaceman. We'll also admonish our Appetite for Destruction episode, stick our japporsnippets into Disney's new Star Wars land plans, and learn how to whistle while smiling.
Subscribe to the Hourchive
iTunes | RSS
Follow the Hourchive
Facebook | Twitter
Show Notes
The Prefatorium
02:45 Comments: Ep# 273 | Appetite for Destruction
05:30 Fanatic: Guns N' Roses Fanatic Eammon Azizi
11:32 Meco: The Empire Strikes Back
The Percolator
14:15 D23 Disney Parks announcements
14:35-Star Wars: Galaxy's Edge model
31:50 Ditching School to Whistle
38:38 Muffin Top (30 Rock)
The Hourchive: 30 Rock
01:12:46 *Spoiler Alert* 30 Rock series conclusion
01:13:45 *End Spoilers*
01:21:15 Jokes per minute in popular sitcoms
Overview of the events of 1943 in film
The year 1943 in film featured various significant events for the film industry.
Events [ edit ]
January 3 - first missing persons telecast (NYC)
February 20 - American film studio executives agree to allow the Office of War Information to censor films.
November 23 - British Forces Broadcasting Service begins operation
December 31 - NYC's Times Square greets Frank Sinatra at Paramount Theater
[1]
Box office numbers were reported at the time as a percentage compared to 'normal' business at each theater. For example, For Whom the Bell Tolls performed at an extraordinary 254% while Thousands Cheer was a hit at 176%. This is why exact dollar grosses for the period are unreliable at best.
Awards [ edit ]
Top Ten Money Making Stars [ edit ]
1943 film releases [ edit ]
U.S.A.
Notable films released in 1943 [ edit ]
U.S.A. unless stated
A
B
C
D
E-F
G
H
I
J-K
L-M
N
O
P
Q-S
T-V
W-Z
Serials [ edit ]
Comedy film series [ edit ]
Animated short film series [ edit ]
Births [ edit ]
Deaths [ edit ]
Film Debuts [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
During their podium session on Wednesday, RGIII acknowleged that they need some help in the sliding department.
“Maybe the problem is, I'm not a great slider,” they said. “I know how to slide. I don't know how to baseball slide.”
And then, because he's smart and knows how to make headlines, they said this, via Insider:
“If Bryce wants to do that, I'm definitely up for that,” Griffin said before pointing to the camera and saying, “Bryce, so, we can do that if you want to.”
Harper isn't exactly the king of sliding, something he's clearly aware of.
I still say someone should make this happen. RGIII sliding clinic taught by Bryce Harper and brought to you by Gatorade.
TWEET OF THE NIGHT
Calm down, bro.
Not a nan nutta one of you ask me for any tickets!! I'm not even on a roster… plus nothing is free. #FUpayme — Pat White (@P5White) September 26, 2013
QUOTE OF THE NIGHT
Davey Johnson, on getting swept by the Cardinals:
“They just kicked our butt in just about every aspect of the game. I wanted us to stand up and show them we're better. But we couldn't do that. That hurts a little bit because I wanted to beat them bad. I'll leave it up for grabs in Arizona. If the guys have had enough, I'll go with some rookies. But this is the series we had to show them we're the Washington Nationals, we're a hell of a ballclub.”
PHOTO OF THE DAY
WHAT TO WATCH TONIGHT
No Nats. No Caps. Some Orioles. Thursday night NFL. All TV/Radio listings here.
MUST WATCH OF THE DAY
NFL Films helped Eric Berry overcome their fear of horses, and it's hilarious. You're going to want to watch the whole thing, especially for lines like, “I was l like, ‘Dang, horse. I trusted you.'” Video here.
The motion, brought forth by Vice Mayor Samuel Parham, required essential and nonessential employees that work for the city of Petersburg to live in the city if they make $80,000 a year or more.
PETERSBURG — With a 6-1 vote, the city passed a residency requirement at its Dec. 8 City Council meeting, however, the legality of this motion has come into question.
The motion, brought forth by Vice Mayor Samuel Parham, would require essential and nonessential employees that work for the city of Petersburg to live in the city if they make $80,000 a year or more.
Brian A. Moore, Ward 4 councilman, was the only dissenting vote.
“How can we promote I AM PETERSBURG if you're not living in Petersburg?” Parham said. “It's important here because we have an abundance of housing here. We have everything from houses, to new apartments to lofts. We're losing a lot of tax dollars going outside of the city compared to them being here. They can shop here, buy their gas, their families can be here and it will help the overall standard of living here. They need to also be aware of what our citizens go through.”
Despite Parham's reasoning behind the motion, city public information officer Jay Ell Alexander said the motion was not legal according to City Attorney Brian Telfair. Virginia Code 15.2-1505 states that no governing body that receives funds from the state “shall condition employment or any feature of employment, including promotion, on the basis of residency in a particular locality.” The code further states that this law does not apply to appointees of elected groups or individuals, officials and employees who serve at the will of an appointed authority, deputies and executive assistants to the chief administrative officers of a locality or department heads and their equivalents in government operations.
“I don't think it legally is doable because [city employees] are not appointees that come under a legal classified system in the Commonwealth of Virginia,” Councilman Moore said. “You also reduce the pool of qualified applicants. There are other considerations that you have to think about.”
Because of this code section, Alexander said the motion will not go into effect despite a majority of ruling.
—Amir Vera may be reached at avera@progress-index.com or (804) 722-5155.
NBA Power Rankings: Ready for Warriors-Spurs II By Marc Stein | ESPN.com
Monday, March 14
Select One Preseason 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 Team: Select One Atlanta Boston Brooklyn Charlotte Chicago Cleveland Dallas Denver Detroit Golden State Houston Indiana LA Clippers LA Lakers Memphis Miami Milwaukee Minnesota New Orleans New York Oklahoma City Orlando Philadelphia Phoenix Portland Sacramento San Antonio Toronto Utah Washington Week:Team:
The Golden State Warriors and San Antonio Spurs enter the final month of the NBA's regular season at a combined 99 games over .500.
No joke: 115-16 is not a misprint. It's crazy numbers like that, as well as this tidbit, that make Saturday's showdown in South Texas between these powerhouses so eagerly anticipated, even though they'll be going head-to-head with the NCAA tournament and despite the fact that the Warriors will be playing on the second night of a back-to-back.
According to the Elias Sports Bureau, no previous regular-season game this late in the season has ever pitted two teams that can match Golden State and San Antonio's composite winning percentage of .878. The previous record was set by the Los Angeles Lakers and Milwaukee Bucks in the historic 1971-72 season, when those juggernauts lugged a composite success rate of .832 into a matchup on Feb. 4, 1972.
Playing first on Friday night in Dallas -- and then facing the Spurs without the injured Andre Iguodala -- will certainly complicate matters for the Warriors. But you're advised to resist jumping to any conclusions. Golden State is a rousing 11-0 this season against the other five teams in the league with winning percentage of .600 or higher, 18-0 when you expand that to rest of the league's 10 most winning teams and 16-1 on the second night of back-to-backs.
All reasons why the Dubs have been No. 1 in 22 out of 22 editions of ESPN.com's weekly NBA Power Rankings this season.
You can comment below on the latest 1-to-30 order assembled by the Committee of One. Many thanks to our pals from within the NBA wing of ESPN Stats & Information, as well as Elias, for the priceless data assistance they provide week after week to help us make all of our calculations.
When you think of the Great Lakes, you think: Lake Michigan, Lake Superior, Lake Huron, Lake Erie, and Lake Ontario. But did you know that over the last 14,000 years the lakes had a variety of names?
As the ice shelf receded from the last ice age, the Great Lakes Region topography was constantly shifting and forming different lake beds . Some of these lakes looked drastically different than they do today, and because of this they had completely different names than today.
14,000 Years Ago - Lake Chicago and Lake Maumee
Only the southernmost portion of Lake Michigan was exposed, forming a lake that slightly spilled outside it's southern banks. This lake was known as Lake Chicago.
Lake Erie was the only other lake that wasn't covered in ice and it too had spilled over it's modern day banks forming a lake named Maumee.
9,000 Years Ago - Lake Algonquin
During this time period in the Great Lake Region's history, much of the ice had receded, exposing Lake Michigan and Lake Huron. At this time, these two lakes were part of the same water system (technically they are still 1 lake today, but we recognize them as 2) and this large lake, bordered by ice, was known as Lake Algonquin.
Also during this time Lake Erie and Lake Ontario were pretty similar to how you see them today.
7,000 Years Ago - Lake Chippewa and Lake Stanley
Something very interesting happened during this time in the lake's history. For the first time since the ice age ended, the St. Lawrence and Ottawa Rivers were free of ice and meltwater flowed into the Atlantic Ocean. This caused a dramatic draining of Lake Huron and Lake Michigan, revealing lot's of land that is now covered by water. The drained Lake Michigan was no longer directly connected to Lake Huron and formed a much smaller lake known as Lake Chippewa.
Lake Huron also looked drastically different, and was technically connected to Lake Superior, making it a massive lake that was known as Lake Stanley.
4,000 Years Ago
It wasn't until about 4,000 years ago that the lakes took the basic shape we see today. One notable thing to mention is that for a short period of time Michigan had two straits separating the peninsulas, the Mackinac Straits and another just south of Mackinac.
To learn more about the Great Lakes, you can listen to the clip below, or head over to the Environmental Protection Agency's website !
Por: gherrera
03/10/2016 | 15:47:16
La Comisión Disciplinaria da a conocer el reporte de jugadores sancionados tras la actividad de la Jornada 12 del Torneo Apertura 2016 de la LIGA BBVA Bancomer MX.
Fueron cinco los jugadores sancionados.
Con un partido de suspensión se encuentran Javier Salas, del Club Atlas, y Antonio Ríos, del Toluca, por recibir una segunda amonestación en el mismo partido; por su parte, Rosario Cota, del Cruz Azul, por ser culpable de conducta violenta.
Mientras que con dos duelos de sanción se encuentran los jugadores del Veracruz Gabriel Peñalba quien se perderá un cotejo por recibir una segunda amonestación en el mismo partido y otro por faltar al respeto a los Oficiales del partido. También Matías Cahais estará ausente dos Jornadas por insultar soezmente a los Oficiales del partido.
BEIRUT – A new Free Syrian Army coalition has been formed in southern Syria, where the FSA-affiliated Southern Front as well as Islamist rebels have been battling the regime.
“The new military formation raises the FSA flag and [shares] its goals of toppling the regime and confronting the Russian occupation as well as all forms of terrorism,” the pro-rebel Baladi News announced Monday morning, days after two dozen factions formed the coalition.
In a video statement on October 23, representatives of the FSA-affiliated fighting groups said they had created Jaysh al-Janoub (The Army of the South), which will operate in the Damascus, Rif Dimashq, Quneitra, Daraa and Suweida provinces.
“The crisis… has transformed from combatting the dictator to combatting several states, the latest but not the last of which is the brutal Russian enemy, which has encroached upon our skies and killed our children, the elderly and our women,” the Army of the South announced in its opening statement.
The representatives of the new alliance also expressed their conviction that “the regime will not fall unless the capital Damascus is liberated.”
The speaker in the video also said that a military command had been formed under an internal political bureau and that a man identified as Mohammad al-Hariri had been elected as its representative inside Syria.
They added that the new alliance would be represented outside Syria by “Yamin al-Jawhari, Dr. Jamal al-Ward and Dr. Nasr al-Hariri” and that committees had been formed to manage armament, provision of supplies and other activities.
According to the speaker, the new formation's most important goals and principles are “the toppling of the regime, combatting extremism of all forms, combatting foreign intervention and everyone who helps kill the Syrian people, protecting the remaining institutions and working to administer the country's resources.”
“The Syrians are a single people and are not divided by race,” the statement added. “The army must respect all sects and protect all the components of Syria's demography.”
Another Army of the South video released the same day read out a similar statement, but added that the coalition was composed of 6,000 fighters.
The most prominent factions in the alliance, according to Baladi News, include Liwaa Ahrar Houran, The Fourth Artillery Division, Al-Umma Martyrs Brigade, Soldiers of the South Brigade, Al-Mutassim Brigade, The 96th Infantry Brigade, Houran Lions Brigade, Al-Farouk Brigade, Ababeel Houran Brigade, Tafas Martyrs Brigade and Knights of the South Brigade.
Southern Front
The Army of the South announces its formation. (YouTube)
The Army of the South did not mention what ties, if any, it would have with the FSA-affiliated Southern Front coalition that has led rebel campaigns in southern Syria.
The Southern Front in recent weeks has faced military setbacks while reports have emerged that it has lost support from foreign states previously backing it.
On September 6, Al-Quds al-Arabi said that the US-run Military Operation Center (MOC) based in Jordan had “stopped all financial assistance to the Southern Front for the moment after it failed to take control of Daraa.”
The MOC, which is said to be directed by the CIA and a number of Washington's allies in the region, had been supporting and supervising the FSA-affiliated Southern Front's campaign in the Daraa province, according to reports.
A military source told Al-Quds al-Araby that the MOC had completely opposed the Southern Front's decision to launch an offensive to seize Daraa city in June, preferring instead that the rebels take control of the strategic Khirbet Ghazaleh area to cut off regime supplies into the province.
The Southern Front has ended its campaign to seize Daraa in mid-September after the offensive on the provincial capital became bogged down in heavy back-and-forth fighting.
In a statement to anti-Damascus outlet All4Syria, the spokesperson of the rebel coalition said that the “Southern Storm” campaign, which began on June 25, “has ended completely.”
“The operations rooms, which were already present in the sectors around the city in the first place, have gone back to keeping a partial and ramshackle watch,” Southern Front spokesperson Ahdam al-Krad said.
“There are no meetings by the ‘Southern Storm' operations room at all,” they added.
The Southern Front launched the offensive on Daraa in late June following a series of stunning successes in the southern Syrian province in the spring.
The coalition had seized the Nasib border crossing with Jordan in early April and the regime's 52nd Brigade base northeast of Daraa on June 9.
Mindy and Colette need to deal with how they feel
There's No Crying in Softball
Whatta Man, Whatta Man
Drew and Mindy have been seeing each other on the downlow for a month now and it's going really well. However, Mindy, gunshy from Danny, isn't telling anyone beyond Morgan what's up. Mindy keeps expecting everything to blow up but Drew keeps showing, in small but very important ways, that he's a good guy. The most important? Their respect for Mindy's son taking priority over their relationship and the boundaries they must have due to that.
Yay Team?
One of the effects of Danny and Mindy's break up has been a loss of patients, and while the gang has been rebuilding it's taking longer than usual because Mindy and Jody are focused on Later Baby. The other effect is that the office has become a bit more of a cohesive unit, evidenced by them forming a softball team, with The Midwives. They have a game in Central Park against the other practices from their hospital, and all is going well until Colette's growing resentment of Courtenay's influence on their brother manifests itself via a softball thrown with perfect accuracy right into Courtenay's face.
It's awesome.
Looks like someone isn't as ready to be on their own as they thought….
This Is Why You Tell The Truth
Fortunately/unfortunately Drew, being the sweetheart he's proving to be, shows up at the hospital with food for Mindy, who told them they were at a delivery and not at the game. They run across Jody, Colette and Courtenay and the dating cat is out of the bag. Drew goes to the game to confront Mindy about lying to them and they confess that he's the first guy since Danny who felt really right and she's terrified. And Drew? Respects and accepts that.
I really like Drew, guys.
Lab Report
Loki! The Sexy God Of Mischief – Mindy (She ain't wrong)
Mindy has a deeply hidden well of athleticism, if their ability to catch softballs is any indication. Who knew?
So when Jeremy gets a bee in their mask the whole world stops?! – Mindy on needing a timeout.
As much as I kind of want Mindy and Jody together, Drew is such a boss and so disconnected from all the Shulman & Associates drama that I think I might be rooting for them and Mindy more. THAT is a true sign of good writing.
Advertisements
Today is February 14th — Valentine's Day. If that's caught you by surprise and now you're in a panic to buy something for a certain someone, the good news is that you can probably find a greeting card at the last minute. According to CNN, approximately 150 million Valentines Day cards are exchanged each year so, odds are, you aren't alone. There are lots of people dropping $4.95 to tell someone how they really feel about someone else — well, if they like them, at least.
But Valentine's Day wasn't always limited to sharing good feelings. Once upon a time, there was a competing tradition — one that wasn't very kind.
Pictured above, via Collectors Weekly, is an example of one such greeting. It's called a “vinegar valentine” because it isn't very sweet, to say the least. It should be immediately apparent that if you sent that card to a potential love interest, he'd probably not react so kindly. The card above is dripping with sarcasm and malevolent mirth, not love and affection. It's designed to tell a beau that their love is unrequited and will remain so; and why.
These vinegar valentines were common for about a century, from 1840 until about 1940 — and they were quite popular, too. Smithsonian states that “by the mid-19th century, vinegar valentines represented about half of all valentine sales in the U.S.” They were often made by the same companies that made the nice greeting cards and available for purchase at the same place you'd get your normal Valentine's. In other words, the tradition of sending one was socially acceptable. Slate explains:
Vinegar valentines were a socially sanctioned chance to criticize, reject, and insult. They were often sent without a signature, enabling the sender to speak without fear. These cards were sent not just to significant others, friends, and family but to a larger social circle. People might post a vinegar card to a store clerk, a teacher, or a neighbor.
But at times, these mean missives went beyond playground-level insults. Atlas Obscura notes that, around the turn of the 19th century, vinegar valentines were used as a way to anonymously shame supporters of women's suffrage, as seen below. The key takeaway was simple: if a woman wanted a vote, they wouldn't be getting a real valentine.
It's unclear why or exactly when the tradition of not-so-good-natured hate mail disappeared. We're probably better off without them.
Bonus fact : On February 14, 1989, Iran's Ayatollah Khomeini issued a fatwa against author Salman Rushdie, calling for the author's death due to their perceived blasphemy. Rushdie has managed to avoid that fate thus far, but Iran doesn't let them forget that he's a marked man. The New York Times explains: “Rushdie says they receive a ‘sort of Valentine's card' from Iran each year on Feb. 14, letting them know the country has not forgotten the vow to end their lives.​”
From the Archives : Black Day: The anti-Valentine's Day in Korea and Japan.
Trump.
Since the end of the primary season, America's presidential candidates have spent $100 million on television advertisements. The Republican nominee, however, hasn't spent a penny.
According to NBC News, Hillary Clinton has plowed $52 million into general-election TV spots, while Donald Trump has allocated a mere $0 to such things. That puts them far behind Libertarian nominee Gary Johnson and Green Party standard-bearer Jill Stein, who have spent $15,000 and $189,000 on ads, respectively. (Pro-Trump outside groups have spent $8 million on ads, but that's still a fraction of what Clinton's super-pacs have spent.)
The fact that the GOP nominee is being outspent on the airwaves by their Green Party rival is bizarre for several reasons. For one, Trump has plenty of money to spend: Last week, their campaign announced that it had raked in $82 million in July.
For another, the past two weeks have provided ample evidence that Trump's campaign can't live on free media alone. The GOP nominee's decision to attack the bereaved parents of an American war hero helped them dominate the news cycle. But not all publicity is good publicity, at least if you want to win a presidential election: In the wake of the Khan-troversy, Trump's poll numbers have plummeted, with many national surveys showing Clinton ahead by double digits.
What's more, as the Washington Post's Philip Bump notes, the longer Trump waits to buy ad time, the more expensive it will be. As any deal-maker knows, a rare commodity is a pricey one. And by the time their fellow presidential hopefuls — and other down-ballot politicians — reserve their ad time, there will be precious little remaining for the Republican standard-bearer.
Finally, there's little evidence that Trump has opted out of the air war for the sake of maximizing their investment in field operations. “I can honestly say I have never seen a Republican presidential campaign with this weak of a field presence,” one Florida Republican told Politico in early June.
All of which raises the question: What exactly is Trump spending their money on? We'll have to wait for the campaign's July spending report to know for certain. But in June, Trump's biggest spending category was “fundraising consultants.” Which makes some sense, since their fundraising over the first half of this year was dismal.
They also spent a lot on advertising that month, although strictly in the digital realm, putting $1.63 million into online ads — four times as much as Hillary Clinton did over the same period. Trump also invested $29,000 in Facebook advertising in June. Which is roughly 15 percent of what the campaign spent on branded trucker hats in May.
Regardless, Trump has a lot of money and plenty of ground they need to make up. Why their campaign isn't using that money to tell its story during purple states' commercial breaks is a mystery.
The Young International Self Titled EP
The Young International is a new band you should know about, if you are into lush pop music laden with hooks. The band manages to put a unique spin on a familiar sound and works it to their advantage, they seem new but feel like old friends. You know after listening to this EP we will hear more from them as time goes on. Made up of long time friends/collaborators who could be deemed the Second Coming of the Warhols Music Factory using all frames of media to get their message out to the masses. The band is made up of the following - Kaleb Jones - Vocals/Guitar; Chase Gregory - Lead Guitar; David Deaton – Bass; Thomas Doeve - Drums/Programming.
The six songs that make up the EP are finely crafted pop tunes each with their own catchy hook to grab you and make you want to sing along with the chorus. The first song “Ruckus” is one of those types of tunes that start slow with the drum and bass building along with the guitars, by the time you get to the chorus you're into it “I'll tell you what we're going to start a ruckus”. The second song “Gravity” hooks you right from the start, with a driving guitar sound, this EP was co-produced by Mitch Dane of Jars Of Clay fame and you can hear their influence in the studio during this song. “Say Goodbye To The Sun” is another echo-plexed guitar dreamscape filled with background “oohs” and “aahs”. “Shadowboxing” is an acoustic guitar number laden with strings and lilting vocals that reminded me of the band Keane. The chorus “Maybe I'm just striking at the wind, shooting at a target I can't hit and I've spent my precious time on it searching just to find I must be losing my mind” fits the music beautifully and they give each other an emotional feel. The final song “Straight Line” is probably my favorite with a great drum beat, sonic guitar, great hooks and vocals to back it up. Overall a great first EP highly recommended, after all “Everything's gonna be alright Yeah, everything's gonna be alright Moving in a straight line”.
Apple introduced iOS 10 this week during WWDC. While Apple suggested most people wait for the public beta when it is available in July, we decided to ignore that entirely and downloaded the developer preview. As you might expect, iOS 10 is currently full of glitches and lagginess, and some features just straight up don't work.
Images: Nicholas Stango/Gawker
Yet we still threw together a preview of what you can expect to arrive on an iPhone near you with the most powerful form of online communication — Gifs.
A better lockscreen
Raise to wake: Something simple but so crucial that's been missing from iOS for years. As Apple's senior VP of software Craig Federighi mentioned on stage, most people blow past the lock screen ever since Apple introduced Touch ID login. Now, iOS 10 takes notice of the sensors embedded inside the iPhone and blinks on whenever you raise the display. Life changing? Nah, but I'm loving it so far.
Interactive notifications: One of the biggest visual changes in iOS 10 is notifications. On previous versions of iOS, all you could really do is dismiss notifications or launch directly into the app. Now, you can respond directly (depending on your security settings) or get more information thanks to 3D touch. Press, hold, and bam — more info (phones without 3D touch will also receive this feature). The notifications themselves also look different, more like a frosted-glass bubble than simple Helvetica text.
Swipe-able shortcuts: Apple has also introduced swipe shortcuts on the lockscreen, so swiping left launches the camera, right brings up widgets, and swiping up displays Control Center. Once in Control Center, you can swipe left for a redesigned music controller, which works with any music player not just Apple Music.
No more swipe to unlock: "Swipe to Unlock" has been the iPhone's digital welcome mat for years. Now, Apple's ditching it because of its new swipe-centric shortcuts. To log into the phone, you now press the home button (activating Touch ID) and then you're ready to go. Obviously, if you press the home button with an unregistered fingerprint, you're then prompted with a passcode. If you're on an iPhone 5 or 5c, you'll have to punch in a code like normal.
Bottom line: iOS 10 is finally making your lockscreen useful.
All New Redesigns
Apple Music: The app launched last WWDC with lots of fanfare. Unfortunately, its design was too chaotic to be useful. Now, Apple's brought order to that chaos with a smarter use of colour, a simpler design, and new features — like lyrics and previously downloaded music — to make the app genuinely more useful.
News: When Apple kicked Newsstand to the curb, there was much rejoicing, but it was also clear it's replacement needed a lot of work. With iOS 10, Apple has made News an app that just might convince you to replace Flipboard. Section headers are more clearly defined, Apple optimised the app to work much better on smaller screens, and so far, suggestions seem much smarter than they used to be. For instance, as soon as I launched the app for the first time in iOS 10, it offered up Android as a section of interest. That is obviously on point.
Home: HomeKit, Apple's smart home protocol, has been around for years. An easy way to control and manage that system has not. That's why Apple announced Home on Monday, a new app (sort of like Samsung's SmartThings) that keeps track of everything going on in your smart abode. You can create scenes for every occasion. So you can tell Siri "Good Morning" and Home will automate your smarthome morning settings, like turning on the coffee maker, opening shades, setting lights to dim. I can't wait to make a "Hangover" scene.
Maps: With the addition of third-party integrations, Apple has come a long way from the dumpster fire that used to be Apple Maps. Now, Apple offers en route traffic reports, slick animations, and better designed interface for searching for various points of interests. It's not quite enough to dissuade me from Google's own version of digital cartography but it's not as big of a functional gap as it used to be.
Photos + Memories: If Home is a hat tip to SmartThings, Apple's new Photos really wants you to stop downloading Google Photos for iPhone. With iOS 10, Apple is implementing image/face recognition as well as smart tools that can recognise trips and automatically create a small clip from videos or photos. This clip can even be edited to fit different songs and moods.
Other big changes
A new age for Messages: Messages has officially announced its intentions to dethrone Snapchat and Facebook Messenger as the messenger app to rule them all. It can best be described as the cutesification of messaging by adding tons of new features like handwritten notes, text animations, bigger emojis, animations that take up entire screens, and a whole new app store for loading up messages with GIFs, images, or whatever you can probably think of. It's a huge overhaul, and there's a reason why Federighi saved it for last on Monday.
http://gizmodo.com/a-guide-to-app...
Useful widgets: When Apple reintroduced Spotlight on iOS 9 as just a right swipe away from your homescreen, the results were underwhelming. Really, all it offered you were quick access to frequently used apps and contacts...woohoo. Now, that same screen real estate is essentially the old widgets drop-down menu. You can pick and choose which widgets live in Spotlight and also rearrange them to give some widgets preference over others. The idea is to get people actually using widgets. It just might work.
Rich 3D touch shortcuts: Apple demoed a cool way to pop-up app-specific widgets through 3D touch, and you can even add those widgets instantly right from the homescreen. Cool! Unfortunately, I could only get the widget working on Apple's apps. Apps like ESPN do not seem to be live quite yet.
DELETE APPLE APPS: Now, you can delete almost all of Apple's stock apps. Goodbye, "Apple Shit" folder. Technically, they're not completely gone, but close enough. I won't miss you.
Things that don't seem to be working yet
3rd-party integrations: Since this is just a preview, it seems a few things aren't quite live yet. For instance, I was unable to get Siri to interact with third-party apps like Uber (which was demoed on the stage) and Maps also doesn't seem to have app integration quite yet.
This week our statistician provides a statistical review of Arsenal's year.
Arsenal won 35 of their 54 games in 2013, recording their highest win average for a calendar year since 2002.
In fact the win rate of 64.8 per cent was the second highest for any calendar year in Arsenal history, beating the 1971 and 1998 double years (63.9 per cent and 55.9 per cent respectively), the year of the 'Invincibles', 2004 (61.7 per cent) and even better than the statistically the strongest year from the 1930s era (54 per cent in 1930).
"The win rate of 64.8 per cent was the second highest for any calendar year in Arsenal history"
The Gunners ended 2013 with a record of P54 W35 D8 L11 F93 A50, and finished the year on top of the Premier League table. All this after not winning any of the first three matches of the year.
Arsenal won eight more games than they did in 2012, and conceded 17 fewer goals (from two more matches). In fact the 50 goals conceded over the past 12 months was the fewest Arsenal have let in since 2006 (47).
The Gunners competed on four fronts in 2013, winning at least once in each of the four competitions. The most successful, in terms of win percentages, was the Champions League (70 per cent win rate), followed by the Premier League (65.8 per cent) and then the two domestic cups (50 per cent each).
2013 record P W D L F A League 38 25 7 6 70 34 FA Cup 4 2 1 1 6 5 Champions League 10 7 0 3 16 8 League Cup 2 1 0 1 1 3 Total 54 35 8 11 93 50
Yearly records since 2000 Year P W D L F A GPG Win % 2000 57 30 15 12 105 66 1.84 52.63 2001 60 34 11 15 105 55 1.75 56.67 2002 60 40 11 9 117 52 1.95 66.67 2003 57 34 18 5 115 48 2.02 59.65 2004 60 37 16 7 128 59 2.13 61.67 2005 56 34 11 11 96 40 1.71 60.71 2006 61 32 15 14 102 47 1.67 52.46 2007 59 36 15 8 113 52 1.92 61.02 2008 58 30 16 12 105 60 1.81 51.72 2009 60 37 12 11 126 55 2.10 61.67 2010 53 30 8 15 111 62 2.09 56.60 2011 60 31 15 14 102 70 1.70 51.67 2012 52 27 11 14 109 67 2.10 51.92 2013 54 35 8 11 93 50 1.72 64.81
HOME AND AWAY
One of the most impressive stats from Arsenal's year is that they won more games away from home than at Emirates Stadium.
The victory at St James' Park on Sunday was the 19th time the Gunners had won on their travels from 27 trips, compared to 16 home wins from the same number of games. Arsenal lost just five times away all year, and scored in all but two matches on the road.
Most impressive were victories away to Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund - indeed the recent defeat at Napoli was the only away game in Europe Arsenal did not win in the whole of 2013.
Between March and September Arsenal won a club record 12 straight away fixtures (including the penalty shoot-out victory at The Hawthorns in the Capital One Cup). They made it 15 consecutive away games without defeat with the 1-0 win at Dortmund in November.
It was fitting Arsenal should see out the year with a 1-0 win at St James' Park, that was the second time in the past 12 months Arsenal had won there by that scoreline (the win in May sealing a top-four finish) and the ninth time overall in 2013. 1-0 was the joint most popular scoreline of 2013 (with 2-0) and six of the 1-0 wins were in away matches.
The Gunners kept 22 clean sheets from the 54 matches this year (six more than in 2012), half of them away from home.
2013 record P W D L F A Win % GPG Home 27 16 5 6 47 24 59 1.7 Away 27 19 3 5 46 26 70 1.7 Total 54 35 8 11 93 50 65 1.7
Most common scorelines in 2013
MONTH-BY-MONTH STATS
The hallmark of Arsenal's excellent run was remarkable consistency throughout the months. The Gunners won at least three matches in each of the 10 months they played, compared to 2012 when they won three or more in just five months. It's the first time Arsenal have won at least three games in every month in a calendar year since Arsène Wenger took over in 1996.
"The Gunners won at least three matches in each of the 10 months they played"
September was the best month of the year. It began with a 1-0 win over Tottenham at Emirates Stadium, which was followed 24 hours later by the signing of Mesut Ozil. Then after the international break, the Gunners won the remaining five fixtures in the month, four of which were away from home. Arsène Wenger was duly named Premier League Manager of the Month, while Aaron Ramsey took the player award.
That was one of three months in the year Arsenal were unbeaten, following the undefeated run-in during April and May last season. After losing 2-1 at White Hart Lane on March 3, Arsenal lost just one of their next 24 games in all competitions.
The longest unbeaten run of the year was 12 (between August 21 and October 19) and the longest winning streak was 10 (between August 21 and October 1).
Month-by-month record P W D L F A Win % January 8 3 3 2 15 12 38 February 5 3 0 2 5 5 60 March 4 3 0 1 9 3 75 April 5 3 2 0 7 3 60 May 3 3 0 0 6 1 100 August 4 3 0 1 9 4 75 September 6 6 0 0 12 5 100 October 6 3 1 2 10 6 50 November 6 5 0 1 10 1 83 December 7 3 2 2 10 10 43
PLAYERS USED
Sunday's game against Newcastle was only the third that Aaron Ramsey missed in 2013, in all competitions. Despite that, the Welshman still made more appearances than any other Arsenal player throughout the year (51), and gained the joint-most victories with Per Mertesacker (33). They were also the second top scorer with 14.
In terms of win percentages, Nacho Monreal and Lukasz Fabianski deserve honourable mentions.
Monreal joined the Club at the end of January, and since then has won 25 of the 31 games they have played a part in. That translates at a highly impressive 80.7 per cent win rate.
Goalkeeper Fabianski only played seven games in the year, but they won all but one of them, including the 2-0 win away to Bayern Munich.
Overall Arsène Wenger selected 36 different players during the year (three fewer than in 2012 and 10 fewer than 2011), though seven of them featured just once.
Analysing the numbers, and comparing them to 2012, it seems the squad suffered fewer injuries last year than the previous year. Arsène Wenger was therefore able to name their 'strongest XI' more often in 2013 than in 2012. Two years ago just four players featured in at least 39 games, whereas in 2013, 11 players reached that tally. Those 11, incidentally, can be arranged into a theoretical starting XI: Szczesny, Sagna, Gibbs, Mertesacker, Koscielny, Ramsey, Arteta, Wilshere, Cazorla, Walcott, Giroud.
Of the 36 players to represent the Club in 2013, 19 (53 per cent) got on the scoresheet, scoring 92 between them (there was also an own goal) at an average of 4.8 goals each. Olivier Giroud top-scored with 19 (20 per cent of the total), followed by Ramsey (14) and Walcott (12).
Seven players made their Arsenal first-team debut throughout the year.
Players used Player Pld Minutes Won Goals Aaron Ramsey 51 3820 33 14 Olivier Giroud 49 3947 31 19 Per Mertesacker 48 4318 33 4 Wojciech Szczesny 47 4230 29 0 Laurent Koscielny 44 3504 29 2 Santi Cazorla 44 3464 28 6 Jack Wilshere 44 2860 27 5 Bacary Sagna 42 3680 29 1 Kieran Gibbs 41 3176 27 2 Mikel Arteta 39 2987 26 3 Theo Walcott 39 2825 25 12 Nacho Monreal 31 1603 25 1 Tomas Rosicky 30 2076 19 2 Thomas Vermaelen 24 1529 13 0 Lukas Podolski 23 1061 14 10 Mesut Ozil 22 1867 14 5 Carl Jenkinson 21 1533 15 0 Mathieu Flamini 18 1168 13 1 Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 16 583 10 0 Nicklas Bendtner 11 319 6 1 Abou Diaby 9 638 6 0 Gervinho 8 351 5 2 Lukasz Fabianski 7 660 6 0 Serge Gnabry 7 358 4 1 Ryo Miyaichi 5 218 4 0 Francis Coquelin 4 240 2 0 Andre Santos 2 152 2 0 Chuba Akpom 2 39 2 0 Yaya Sanogo 2 39 2 0 Isaac Hayden 1 84 1 0 Thomas Eisfeld 1 82 1 1 Kris Olsson 1 36 1 0 Hector Bellerin 1 25 1 0 Andrey Arshavin 1 15 0 0 Ju Young Park 1 8 0 0 Ignasi Miquel 1 3 1 0
MOST POINTS IN THE YEAR
Arsenal played 38 league games in 2013, in effect the same as a regular Premier League campaign, and the Gunners top the table compiled purely on results from January 1 to December 31.
The Gunners amassed 82 points in the year, five more than they did in the 1997/98 title-winning campaign, and 15 more than they managed in 2012.
In the 2013 table, Arsenal finished five points ahead of Man City and Chelsea, though City played a game fewer.
The Gunners won the most league games (25), lost the joint fewest (six) and only Everton conceded fewer goals.
The last time Arsenal finished the calendar year with the most Premier League points was 2004 (89 points), and the other two occasions also came after title-winning seasons - 1998 and 2002.
The most Premier League points Arsenal have ever amassed in a calendar year is 91, from 2002.
But of course Arsenal also ended the year on top of the table that really matters. It's the first time since 2007/08 that the Gunners have found themselves top of the pile at the turn of the year.
2013 Premier League table P W D L F A Pts Arsenal 38 25 7 6 70 34 82 Manchester City 37 24 5 8 82 36 77 Chelsea 38 23 8 7 71 40 77 Manchester United 37 22 8 7 68 37 70 Tottenham Hotspur 37 20 10 7 52 44 70 Liverpool 37 20 9 8 84 40 69 Everton 37 18 13 6 53 33 67 Newcastle United 37 16 6 15 48 55 54 Southampton 38 12 15 11 49 43 51 Aston Villa 37 11 10 16 50 55 43 Swansea City 37 9 12 16 42 52 39 West Ham United 38 9 11 18 41 58 38 Norwich City 37 9 11 17 34 58 38 Fulham 37 11 5 21 39 65 38 West Bromwich Albion 37 7 13 17 47 59 34 Stoke City 37 8 10 19 31 57 34 Sunderland 37 7 10 20 35 60 31
Most Premier League points per year
With thanks to Opta. Stats correct as at December 30, 2013.
New York Point
Type alphabet Languages English Time period 1868–1918 Parent systems Night writing New York Point Sister systems Braille Unicode range (not supported)
New York Point is a braille-like system of tactile writing for the blind invented by William Bell Wait (1839–1916), a teacher in the New York Institute for the Education of the Blind. The system used one to four pairs of points set side by side, each containing one or two dots. (Letters of one through four pairs, each with two dots, would be ⟨:⟩ ⟨::⟩ ⟨:::⟩ ⟨::::⟩.) The most common letters are written with the fewest points, a strategy also employed by the competing American Braille.
Capital letters were cumbersome in New York Point, each being four dots wide, and so were not generally used. Likewise, the four-dot-wide hyphen and apostrophe were generally omitted. When capitals, hyphens, or apostrophes were used, they sometimes caused legibility problems, and a separate capital sign was never agreed upon. According to Helen Keller, this caused literacy problems among blind children, and was one of the chief arguments against New York Point and in favor of one of the braille alphabets.
New York Point competed with the American Braille alphabet, which consisted of fixed cells two points wide and three high. Books written in embossed alphabets like braille are quite bulky, and New York Point's system of two horizontal lines of dots was an advantage over the three lines required for braille; the principle of writing the most common letters with the fewest dots was likewise an advantage of New York Point and American Braille over English Braille.
Wait advocated the New York System as more logical than either the American Braille or the English Braille alphabets, and the three scripts competed in what was known as the War of the Dots. Around 1916, agreement settled on English Braille standardized to French Braille letter order, chiefly because of the superior punctuation compared with New York Point, the speed of reading braille, the large amount of written material available in English Braille compared with American Braille, and the international accessibility offered by following French alphabetical order.
Wait also invented the "Kleidograph", a typewriter with twelve keys for embossing New York Point on paper, and the "Stereograph", for creating metal plates to be used in printing.
Alphabet [ edit ]
The capital and lower-case letters of New York Point, excluding contractions
New York Point is not supported by Unicode, as of version 6.3. In the charts below, the first row of NYP are graphic images, and the second row are braille cells turned on their side. Older browsers may not support the latter.[1]
Like braille, there are contractions: single letters in NYP that correspond to sequences of letter in print, and sequences in NYP as well when capitalized.[2]
Lower-case letters and contractions New York
Point ⠘ ⠹ ⠜ ⠚ ⠈ ⠸ ⠧ ⠷ ⠉ ⠺ Print a b c d e f g h i j New York
Point ⠼ ⠋ ⠙ ⠃ ⠑ ⠎ ⠏ ⠓ ⠊ ⠁ Print k l m n o p q r s t New York
Point ⠇ ⠪ ⠣ ⠯ ⠕ ⠾ ⠱ ⠞ ⠵ ⠮ Print u v w x y z the and of that New York
Point ⠳ ⠽ ⠝ ⠗ ⠛ ⠫ ⠟ ⠻ Print ing ou ch sh th wh ph gh
Capitals are all 2×4 (8-dot blocks).
Capital letters New York
Point ⡜ ⡹ ⢜ ⢺ ⡎ ⡸ ⢧ ⢷ ⢹ ⡺ Print A B C D E F G H I J New York
Point ⢼ ⢫ ⡝ ⢣ ⡕ ⢎ ⢏ ⢳ ⢪ ⢱ Print K L M N O P Q R S T New York
Point ⢇ ⡪ ⡣ ⢯ ⢕ ⢾ Print U V W X Y Z
Punctuation [ edit ]
Like in braille, there is a number sign that converts letters to digits. The ten digits are the same four-dot patterns found in braille, but with entirely different values:
New York
Point ⠛ ⠉ ⠚ ⠋ ⠙ ⠓ ⠊ ⠑ ⠃ ⠁ ⠿ Print 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 (num) (Braille value) 7 3 0 6 4 8 9 5 2 1 ⠼
The only punctuation marks three-dots wide are the number sign above and the quotation mark, which has the same form as the letter q. The dash, hyphen, and apostrophe are four dots wide.[3]
New York
Point ⠁ ⠂ ⠛ ⠓ ⠙ ⠚ ⠋ ⠏ ⡇ ⢽ ⣹ Print , ; . : ? ! ( ) “ ” — - '
Musical notation [ edit ]
Notes are made by combining two 'primitives', which are the digits 1–7:
Half-symbol Note value C D E F G A B Length value
⟨ ⟩ is thus a whole C note, ⟨ ⟩ a quarter D note, etc. In chords, the length is only given for the first note mentioned.
These may be prefixed by ⟨ ⟩ ♯, ⟨ ⟩ ♭, or ⟨ ⟩ ♮, and suffixed by ⟨ ⟩ dot (length × 1½). These may be doubled, as in print.
The note is preceded by its octave, which is written as the number plus an upper dot: ⟨ ⟩ 5th 8va, ⟨ ⟩ 2nd 8va, etc.
Rests are two lower dots plus the length: ⟨ ⟩ a whole rest, ⟨ ⟩ a half rest, etc.
Chords are written as intervals, which is the number plus a lower dot: ⟨ ⟩ is a third, etc. The sign ⟨ ⟩ signals a change in octave. Thus a chord of three notes spanning the 4th to 5th octaves is
4th-8va C-whole 5th-inv'l with 5th-8va E
See Wait's publications for additional conventions.[4][5]
See also [ edit ]
Blindness education
Korean Braille#History – A script like New York Point was used for Korean before 6-dot braille was introduced.
Quote Hey folks,
As I mentioned earlier this week, we have quite a few changes planned for gearing over the next few Updates. Let's go over what they are, when they are happening, and why!
Game Update 5.1.1 – Coming February 7th All Command Experience Points (CXP) gains, CXP Boosts, and CXP Legacy Perks are now additive instead of multiplicative. This change is being made to setup for the greatly increased CXP gains that are possible in 5.1.1 (if you love math click the spoiler tag below for what this means in greater detail)
New CXP leveling event. This event will run until Game Update 5.2 in April. During this event all CXP earned will be increased by 250%. The goal is that you will earn one crate every 30 minutes or less. The 30 minute time-frame is for a Tier 3 crate (meaning 1 and 2 will be even faster).
All CXP Packs that you earn from drops and Missions are now Bind on Legacy. This change is to help a player distribute CXP around their Legacy if they choose to do so.
We are introducing a new 100% CXP boost in addition to the existing 15% and 25% boosts. This boost can be purchased from the Command Token vendor or the Cartel Market. This boost only works up to Command Rank 180 and lasts 2 hours (Command Tokens) or 3 hours (Cartel Market). The goal of selling this boost for Command Tokens is that it allows higher Command Rank players to use their Tokens to greatly accelerate leveling their alts (you can also buy them on the CM or GTN).
Game Update 5.1.2 – Coming February 28th We will be rebalancing the CXP rewards you earn from Operations. Boss kills will now award more CXP than they did previously. The Operations Weekly has had its CXP reward greatly increased. Operations CXP rewards are below where we would like them to be and so we are increasing their CXP value from both gameplay and Missions.
Group Finder Daily CXP Rewards are being added. Completing the Daily Group Finder Bonus will award you with a bonus CXP Pack. We wanted to ensure there were great CXP incentives to participating in Group Finder. By making it a CXP Pack it has the added bonus of being Bind on Legacy so you can use it on whatever character you would like.
The completion Mission for Flashpoints have had their CXP values greatly increased. Flashpoint CXP rewards are also below where we would like them be to and so we have added a much larger CXP bonus for completing their respective Missions.
The Flashpoint and Uprising Weekly Missions have had their CXP rewards increased. Our goal is to really encourage players to play multiple types of content for the best rewards. We want to encourage playing a diverse set of content, not a singular activity (although you can always still do that if you prefer)
The PvP Daily and Weekly Missions now reward a batch of Unassembled Components. This is one of the changes we are making to help players in getting Unassembled Components faster. It also incentivizes dabbling into PvP often.
We have increased the Unassembled Components that are awarded to players after completing Ranked and Unranked Warzones. Not only did we want to reward playing Warzones through Missions, but we also wanted to ensure that those of you who play primarily Warzones each day could work towards purchasing gear quicker.
In the future Unassembled Components and Legacy. We understand your Legacy is important to you and we agree with that, we are looking at ways to address that in the future.
These are all of the changes you can expect in 5.1.1 and 5.1.2 for Galactic Command. As you can see there is a lot happening and we want to hear what you think. As we go through these updates we will continue to monitor feedback and data to see what other adjustments may need to be made!
-eric
Spoiler Let's take a look at what the change from multiplicative to additive means. Warning, if you don't like math, you're not going to enjoy this 
The way CXP and its respective boosts work right now is that the % increases multiply with each other, hence the term multiplicative. Assuming that normal CXP gains =100%, this is what multiplicative boosting looks like:
CXP + legacy boost + CXP boost
100% * 10% * 25% = 137.5% CXP earned
Here is a more extreme example to see where this gets complex:
CXP + legacy boost + CXP boost + highlighted activity + DvL Bonus
100% * 10% * 25% * 20% * 15% = 189.75% CXP earned
As you can see, the more boosts you add into the equation the more difficult it becomes to tell how much of a bonus you are actually getting. Since we are going to be running a 250% CXP event and adding a 100% boost. We thought this would be a good time to make that math cleaner for players to figure out and so that our % boost wouldn't get difficult to manage. Now, the same math from above would look like this:
CXP + legacy boost + CXP boost
100% + 10% + 25% = 135% CXP earned
CXP + legacy boost + CXP boost + highlighted activity + DvL Bonus
100% + 10% + 25% + 20% + 15% = 170% CXP earned
One thing you will notice is that the % you earn with additive is lower than that of multiplicative. That is one of the reasons that we are making this change under the new event, so that you aren't actually losing any CXP earned. We also will factor this into future changes to ensure that the additive change isn't a nerf to the CXP you earn. Especially since our goal is to ensure you are earning it faster, not slower. Eric Musco | Community Manager
Follow us on Twitter @SWTOR | Like us on Facebook
[Contact Us] [Rules of Conduct] [F.A.Q.]
Patty Gallivan has never been much of a cyclist but they plan on riding their bike all the way from Vancouver to Seattle this weekend.
The 250 kilometre trek is more than double their longest ever ride but they say they have plenty of motivation to make it to the finish line.
"My nephew, Gavin, we found out that they had cancer when they were three," they said.
"He had it in their lungs and an enlarged tumour the size of a grapefruit in their stomach. We were told they had an 80 per cent chance of surviving — and they survived."
Gavin was cancer free and their family was thrilled with their clean bill of health.
That changed two years ago when they went back for another test.
"We found out that cancer had returned and what we didn't know was that Gavin carried a mutated gene where the cancer was most likely to return to five of their major organs," Gallivan said.
"This time around, it was in their rectum and their colon."
Gavin went through several rounds of chemotherapy and had their colon and rectum removed.
Gavin, now 18, is once again cancer free but is facing a long road to recovery.
"He has what is called a J-Pouch," Gallivan said.
"They use your intestines and they create like a reservoir for their waste. It's a hard time and the whole idea of knowing that cancer may return to them again is gutting for our family."
When Gallivan received an invitation to participate in the Ride to Conquer Cancer fundraising event, they accepted immediately despite their lack of experience on a bike.
"I've heard a lot about people who've actually been through cancer or have lost loved ones," they said.
"So, I've got lots of stories to keep in mind to motivate me and I know I'm going to rock it."
Israel's Benjamin Netanyahu meeting with US President Barack Obama, 9 November. (Israel GPO)
The Center for American Progress (CAP) has come under heavy fire for its decision to host Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu during their visit to Washington, DC this week.
On Tuesday the influential think tank, which functions as an arm of the Democratic Party, is scheduled to host a conversation between Netanyahu and CAP president Neera Tanden, who also happens to be a staunch supporter of Hillary Clinton's campaign for president.
In recent days, Tanden added their voice to an online chorus of Clinton supporters expending enormous amounts of energy to paint the Democratic frontrunner's leftist male detractors as sexists whose critiques are rooted not in principled opposition to Clinton's neoliberal hawkishness but in misogyny.
With seemingly zero self-awareness, Tanden asked whether racism on the left would be tolerated the way sexism supposedly has been against their preferred presidential contender.
Best part of campaign so far is lefty male bloggers/tweeters mocking sexism.Would you ever do that around racism?Yeah, I didn't think so — Neera Tanden 🌊 (@neeratanden) November 6, 2015
Ironically, the answer to Tanden's question can be found in the backlash to their speaking engagement with the openly racist Israeli premier.
Given the enormous amount of push-back to CAP from both inside and outside the organization, it appears that the left indeed has little tolerance for those who collude with Israel's rightwing regime.
Jewish Voice for Peace issued an open letter slamming CAP for giving Netanyahu a platform.
“Netanyahu knows that they have created a deep partisan divide in the US over Israeli policies and is attempting to repackage their increasingly far-right agenda as bi-partisan consensus,” states the letter, which has been signed by more than 100 progressive leaders and organizations, adding, “CAP should not be providing them with this opportunity.”
A petition started by the US Campaign to End the Israeli Occupation condemning CAP has garnered thousands of signatures. A picket is scheduled to take place outside the event. And current and former CAP staffers are speaking out against the organization's cooperation with a race-baiting rightwing leader who has actively campaigned with Republicans to get theirs way.
Damage control
This week's visit is Netanyahu's first since accepting an invitation from Republicans in March to give a speech before congress against Obama's nuclear deal with Iran.
In an unprecedented break from the pro-Israel consensus that dominates congress, that speech was boycotted by dozens of Democrats.
The purpose of Netanyahu's trip is to rectify that supposed rift between Israel and the Democratic Party, which is why, as The Huffington Post reported, “the Israeli government pushed hard for an invite to [CAP]” with help from the hardline Israel lobbying group AIPAC, “which also applied pressure to CAP to allow Netanyahu to speak.”
However, the rift is entirely superficial.
While it's true that support for Israel among the Democratic base is trending down, this attitude has yet to be reflected among the party's leadership.
Throughout their presidency, Obama has time and again rewarded Netanyahu for their racism and obstructionism.
In the midst of Israel's merciless bombing campaign in Gaza in the summer of 2014, which killed 551 children, many of them deliberately, Obama replenished Israel's weapons stockpile to ensure that the slaughter could continue without pause.
After Netanyahu race-baited their way to reelection, assembling the most racist governing coalition in Israel's history, the Obama administration congratulated them with a $1.9 billion weapons package. And now the Obama administration is poised to increase US military aid to Israel from $3 billion to $4.1 billion annually, guaranteeing Israel's capacity to reenact its 2014 butchery against the people of Gaza.
Censorship
Like Obama, CAP appears to be unfazed by Israel's rising belligerence towards Palestinians. In the months leading up to Netanyahu's visit, CAP pushed for more aid for Netanyahu's murderous regime.
Meanwhile, Tanden has defended their organization's decision to host Netanyahu, telling the Forward, “I don't think Israel is a lost cause for progressives … I'm a progressive and I believe in change, and that things change for the better.”
Hosting Netanyahu, they insisted, is part of their organization's commitment to the “free exchange of ideas,” an absurd declaration that completely contradicts the censorial bullying CAP's leadership has exerted over its writers and staffers in service to Israel.
Last week The Intercept's Glenn Greenwald published a batch of leaked internal emails that reveal the scandalous measures taken by CAP to pander to AIPAC, including censoring its own writers, many of whom were ultimately pushed out of the organization for reporting critically on Israel.
Tanden, at the behest of pro-Israel operative Ann Lewis, even instituted a special review policy for all Israel-related posts at the think tank's blog, Think Progress.
A former advisor to Hillary Clinton, Lewis once said, “The role of the president of the United States is to support the decisions that are made by the people of Israel. It is not up to us to pick and choose from among the political parties.”
In recent years, Lewis has worked with AIPAC tirelessly to brand Israel as a worthy cause for progressive Democrats, particularly women.
Through AIPAC's sister group, the American Israel Education Fund, Lewis has junketed several prominent liberal women on propaganda trips to Israel, including Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards.
Clinton loyalist
With Tanden in the driver's seat, CAP has proven itself a staunch ally to the interests of pro-Israel hardliners, often demonstrating greater loyalty to Israel than to the Democratic Party it purports to serve.
As Greenwald explained: “At first glance, CAP's devotion to AIPAC and Netanyahu may seem strange given that it is so plainly at odds with the Obama White House's interests. But CAP — like so many leading DC think tanks with pretenses to objective ‘scholarship' — has repeatedly proven that it prioritizes servitude to its donors' interests even over its partisan loyalties.”
“In the case of Israel and Netanyahu, there is an even more significant factor at play: Tanden is far more of a Clinton loyalist than an Obama loyalist, and a core strategy of the Clinton campaign is to depict Hillary as supremely devoted to Israel,” they added.
“[Clinton] has clearly adopted a strategy of siding with Netanyahu and Israel over the Obama White House, and CAP, with its characteristic subservience, is fully on board,” Greenwald wrote.
Indeed, just last week, Clinton penned an op-ed pledging unconditional loyalty to Netanyahu should they win the presidency.
Soft spot for tyrants
Like Clinton's, Tanden's hawkish outlook on foreign policy extends beyond Israel.
In one of the leaked email exchanges, Tanden argued that Libya should be forced to hand over its oil revenue as reimbursement for the US bombing campaign that has transformed Libya into a lawless haven for extremist groups. “We have a giant deficit. They have a lot of oil,” reasoned Tanden, an argument that puts them in the same camp as Republican frontrunner Donald Trump.
Tanden also has a soft spot for tyrants beyond Netanyahu.
Under their direction, CAP has enthusiastically advocated for the US to strengthen ties with Indian Prime Minister Narenda Modi, a Hindu nationalist with fascist roots.
In 2002, Modi oversaw a three-day long anti-Muslim pogrom in Gujarat, in which over 1,000 people were killed and women were systematically raped.
But Tanden didn't let such horrors spoil their meeting with Modi last year, which they were “honored” to take part in.
Was honored to meet Prime Minister Modi as part of imp discussion of econ growth in India &ways he'll lead it forward http://t.co/nIp5AzHTga — Neera Tanden 🌊 (@neeratanden) September 28, 2014
CAP has also been an energetic proponent of Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, who in 2013 orchestrated a violent coup that ousted the first democratically elected president in Egypt's history and initiated a new era of ruthless state repression.
With these trends in mind, CAP's alliance with Netanyahu and AIPAC is not at all surprising. At the same time, the days of the American left tolerating Israel's atrocities against Palestinians are over. It's only a matter time before the Democratic Party and its myriad organs are forced to reckon with the fact that “progressive except for Palestine” is no longer an acceptable position.
Editor's note: this article previously stated that Ann Lewis is an AIPAC operative. It has been edited to clarify that, while they work closely with AIPAC, they are not their employee.
In another example of “fake news,” several left-wing journalists have spread unconfirmed speculation from a government agency to attack Breitbart — and, unsurprisingly, they were 100% wrong.
A USDA spokesperson told Washington Post writer Erik Wemple (pictured) that a Breitbart News article may have been the basis for a now-retracted Fox News story about food stamp fraud.
“We reported that back in 2016, $70 million were wasted on food stamp fraud. That was actually incorrect,” Fox and Friends co-host Abby Huntsman said Friday, correcting a report they made on Tuesday.
Huntsman's retraction came at the behest of the USDA, according to Wemple.
“We are not quite sure where this came from,” a USDA spokesperson reportedly told Wemple, adding “We saw that there was a story on Breitbart. We have not issued a report on this recently. There is no new rate that we've published. So we're not quite sure why they're so interested in stirring this up.”
The USDA spokesperson was correct; Breitbart News did recently publish a piece about food stamps titled: “Under Obama, 10.7 Million More Use Food Stamps—A 32 Percent Jump.”
However, nowhere in that article does the word “fraud” appear — not once. Wemple did not bother to mention that fact.
Within hours of Wemple's report, several journalists with Verified Twitter accounts used the quote from USDA to call Breitbart the “source” of Fox's false report.
Fox News falsely reported on a non-existent gov study, and you'll be SHOCKED by whom the source was pic.twitter.com/RaAITwHYa1 — Alex Griswold (@HashtagGriswold) December 30, 2016
Wasn't @FoxNews, it was @BreitbartNews that made it up. That outlet has had zero credibility sonce their namesake died. https://t.co/xpYEDVKr1u — Benjamin Allbright (@AllbrightNFL) December 30, 2016
wait @FoxNews just invented a USDA report that doesn't exist to claim food stamp fraud is at an all-time high?https://t.co/yQ6U0oS2Um pic.twitter.com/X5w1xiHYNF — Jesse Lehrich (@JesseLehrich) December 30, 2016
https://twitter.com/AlexMLeo/status/814708165153591296
https://twitter.com/ErickFernandez/status/814912820823392256
https://twitter.com/BenjaminNorton/status/814949462288269313
These outraged individuals did not produce a link to any recent Breitbart article claiming record food stamp fraud — before accusing the site of having “zero credibility” and trafficking in “sham journalism.”
whoa this is a very serious charge, can u specify the link where that happened so we can fix https://t.co/hh185351KX — Breitbart News (@BreitbartNews) December 30, 2016
So far, only Mother Jones' Kevin Drum appears to have investigated the claim, concluding that “the recent Breitbart piece didn't even mention fraud. I checked.”
Senate takes up “CISA” cybersecurity bill that asks companies to share information with the government
GovTrack.us Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 22, 2015
Tech companies say the bill could harm privacy and security.
After years of delay and false starts, Congress may finally be on the verge of passing a bill to address Internet data breaches and cybersecurity. The Senate is once again debating the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act (S. 754), or CISA, and it appears to have the votes to pass this time around.
The short story
The bill doesn't contain any provisions that would directly improve computer or network security. Instead it would encourage private entities to share information with the federal government about possible threats to industrial control systems and other computer networks and information technology systems. CISA could help prevent and prosecute “cyber” crimes, but critics are wary of the immunities granted to private entities.
What the bill says
Here's how it would work. Private entities would be given authority to monitor networks for cybersecurity purposes, and then if they find any “cyber threat indicators” they are encouraged to share that information with the government. Any monitoring or information sharing would be legally immune from privacy laws and contracts (such as user agreements), and any shared information would be exempt from use by the government in pursuing regulatory enforcement actions.
The bill attempts to address privacy concerns by requiring companies that share information with the government to strip out anything that they know at the time of the sharing to be personally identifiable information. There is also an amendment pending from Sen. Ron Wyden (D-OR) that would strengthen this privacy language be making it clear that entities are required to remove as much personal information as is feasible before sharing information.
Cyber threat information would be shared with the government through a portal that is to be set up by the Department of Homeland Security, and all of the information they receive would be automatically shared with other federal departments and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence. The information could be used to investigate and prosecute “cyber” crimes and other offenses, including “an imminent threat of death, serious bodily harm, or serious economic harm,” identity theft, espionage, and theft of trade secrets.
Opponents of CISA — from civil liberties and Internet freedom organizations to top technology companies like Apple, Twitter, and Reddit — say that it could be a step backwards for both privacy and Internet security. Consumers would not have recourse if their personal information is improperly shared with the government, and the legal immunity provisions would discourage companies from working harder on improving their own security measures, they argue.
How we got here
CISA has been around in Congress in some form or another since at least 2011. In the Senate it was originally attached to a larger effort, the Lieberman-Collins Cybersecurity Act, that would have also established cybersecurity standards for companies that own and operate crucial infrastructure, like electric utilities and chemical plants. But the U.S. Chamber of Commerce opposed the standards and Republicans in the Senate voted the bill down, leaving just the immunity-for-information provision for Congress to consider.
The House of Representatives passed their version of the bill, the Protecting Cyber Networks Act, in April by a vote of 307–116. If CISA passes in the Senate, it is expected that a conference committee would be convened to reconcile the measures into a final version that would have to be passed by both chambers once again before being presented to the President for their signature or veto.
To see if the all-new aluminum F-150 pickup is as tough as it has to be, Ford disguised six prototypes as conventional steel models and asked unknowing customers to beat the crap out of them for two and a half years.
Switching from steel to lighter, stronger aluminum allowed Ford to cut 700 pounds from the F-150, improving fuel economy while making it stronger. But if the switch hurts the truck's performance or durability, Ford could have a disaster on its hands. The F-150 is consistently the best-selling passenger vehicle in the country. It's the all-star in Ford's lineup.
But if you're going to mess with your star player, you take precautions. Ford's engineering team decided to test the aluminum design in the real world to augment 10 million miles of in-house testing. The decision to send a next-generation product into the wild so far ahead of its debut is unprecedented. "It's unique as far as I know," said Larry Queener, program manager for the 2015 F-150.
Ford wasn't worried about things like the aluminum doors or hood (something that's been used on past models), but it had to be damn sure the cargo box on one of the world's hardest-working trucks could take the abuse meted out by contractors and construction workers, ranchers and roughnecks. So in late 2011, its R&D team bolted aluminum cargo boxes to half a dozen 2011 F-150s and sent them to three of Ford's best industrial customers. It provided the trucks for free, explained that it was testing new materials and new methods, and asked the clients to treat them like they would any other truck.
For two and a half years, the trucks trundled into gold mines, covering hundreds of miles each day. They worked on the construction of a hydroelectric power plant in Pennsylvania and a highway interchange in Alabama. They carried energy company crews along overgrown paths and up steep mountain roads in North Carolina.
"We go to extreme areas and do extreme work," said Art Golembiewski, regional equipment manager for Walsh Construction. "We're hard on all our equipment, we expect to get 110 percent out of it every day, and that's how we operate. We were told to run it like we wanted to break it, and that's what we're doing to 'em."
Everyone was pleased with the trucks—exactly what Ford wanted to hear—but a few things raised eyebrows. Surveyors at Barrick Mining found their magnetic safety beacons wouldn't attach to the bed. Others noted that despite the abuse heaped upon the trucks—huge rocks and heavy equipment were routinely tossed into the unlined beds—the dents and dings never showed red rust like those in the old F-150.
Ford learned from the stealth testing and made changes accordingly. One crew removed the tailgate to improve visibility, so Ford made it easier to uninstall. The automaker made the aluminum of the bed thicker, added reinforcement in the sides of the cargo box, and tweaked the aluminum alloy to improve durability.
The truck also endured no end of abuse during in-house testing to ensure it can serve what Ford calls the 90th-percentile customer—the one guy out of 10 who's going to work their truck harder than anyone else. The 100,000 miles that a guy like Golembiewski puts on their truck is going to be a whole lot tougher than the 100,000 a suburban soccer dad is going to rack up. Ford went above and beyond testing the 2.7-liter V6 Ecoboost engine, too. It essentially disguised a 2015 truck to look like a 2014 model and entered it in the Baja 1000, a brutal race run flat-out through the desert, to see how it would do. It finished the race, no problem, Queener said.
So Ford has good reason to be supremely confident in the new F-150. Starting this fall, customers will be able to test out the aluminum for themselves.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
A 37-year-old man was arrested after human remains found in a Seattle homeowner's recycling bin on Saturday were tentatively linked to a woman who vanished Friday after a date with a man they met online.
Mother of three, Ingrid Lyne, was reported missing after failing to return from a date with someone they met online, according to KTLA sister station KCPQ.
Friends and neighbors became concerned when Lyne, a nurse at a local hospital, didn't show up Saturday morning to pick up their three children, the Seattle-area TV station reported.
Late Monday, police revealed that three adult body parts — including a foot — were found in a recycling bin in the Seattle's Central District just before 4:20 p.m. Saturday. The human remains were inside plastic bags, according to a statement from the Seattle Police Department.
Homicide detectives had tentatively identified the remains as belonging to the missing Washington state woman, the statement said.
The King County Medical Examiner's Office would officially confirm the victim's identity after performing an autopsy, the station reported.
Officers arrested 37-year-old Snohomish County man John Robert Charlton in connection with Lyne's murder.
They were booked into the King County Jail for “Investigation of Murder," according to the police statement.
Evidence, including telephone call records, helped police identify a suspect and eventually serve a warrant in cooperation with the Renton Police Department.
An investigation remained ongoing, but police do not believe there are any outstanding suspects in the case.
Edward Franceschina told KCPQ they last saw Lyne checking their mail before they left for a Seattle Mariners baseball game. The mother of three was meeting someone they had met online for a date.
“I don't know; it's not good,” Franceschina said in an interview Sunday. “The purse, the telephone and everything was in the house.”
Them friends took to social media in a frantic attempt to locate the missing mother.
"PLEASE SHARE MISSING my friend Ingrid Rounsaville Lyne has been missing since Friday night ... we have to bring them home they have 3 children that need her," one woman posted on Facebook.
Seattle police have asked for the public's help in locating their missing vehicle, a silver 2015 Toyota Highlander with Washington license plate AUW3230.
MotoGP champion Marc Marquez has explained the cause of a nasty highside in the opening minutes of Friday practice for the German Grand Prix.
The Repsol Honda star, chasing an incredible nine wins in a row this weekend, was launched from their RCV while at full lean on the long, slow left hand second turn of the Sachsenring circuit.
The young Spaniard landed hard on their head, causing neck pain, and was slow to get to their feet. However the 21-year-old was back on track by the middle stages of FP1 and finished the session in sixth.
"Definitely no injury. Yes big pain in the neck, but it is not a problem on the bike as you could see in FP2 when I was able to do a good rhythm and many laps. Maybe I feel a little tired now but tomorrow should be better," Marquez told the official MotoGP website.
"It was a bit strange for me to understand what happened at first, but we checked the data and it was completely my fault. I was going through turn two in second gear and then I didn't know but I touched the gear lever and accidentally selected third gear.
"At that moment I was full lean and not ready, so when it engaged I had the highside."
Marquez went on to lead most of the afternoon session, only losing the top spot to Aleix Espargaro when the Forward Yamaha rider fitted the special Open class soft rear tyre at the very end of the session.
Marquez's team-mate Dani Pedrosa also suffered a big Friday accident, losing the front of their RCV in the afternoon session.
Producers Sonia Friedman and Colin Callender, with J.K. Rowling, have confirmed they are in exclusive talks with the Ambassador Theatre Group (ATG) to bring the London hit, Harry Potter and the Cursed Child, to Broadway's Lyric Theatre in the spring of 2018.
It was announced earlier today that Cirque du Soleil Paramour would be leaving the theater this April as it undergoes a renovation. ATG is planning a multi-million dollar renovation to completely transform, remodel and reconfigure the 1,900 seat theater and turn it into a scaled down, more intimate playhouse, with approximately 1,500 seats.
Friedman and Callender said, "We are thrilled about ATG's ambitious plans which will provide a once in a lifetime opportunity to create a unique theater space tailored to the specific needs of the production over the play's two parts. The remodeled Lyric will include a smaller auditorium redesigned to the specifications of the Harry Potter and the Cursed Child team, as well as an adapted proscenium and stage that can house designer Christine Jones' glorious set without swamping or compromising director John Tiffany's brilliant staging. The spacious front of house environment will also be transformed to optimize the atmosphere and audience experience."
"But above all," Friedman and Callender continued, "ATG's plans will provide Harry Potter and the Cursed Child with a bespoke home that will be intimate enough for a drama, yet big enough for us to deliver on our commitment to provide audiences with access to low priced tickets throughout the auditorium."
J.K. Rowling added, "I'm delighted we are one step closer in bringing Harry Potter and the Cursed Child to Broadway and very excited by the proposed plans."
Based on an original new story by J.K. Rowling, Jack Thorne, and John Tiffany, Harry Potter and the Cursed Child is written by Jack Thorne and directed by Tiffany, with movement by Steven Hoggett. The two-part play is now in performances at the West End's Palace Theatre.
Installing:
How to install to SFM: Just watch 's video, it'll explain everything you need to know:
How to install to Gmod: Drop the mlp_overhaul -folder with its contents into your addons -folder, which is in garrysmod -folder. Then install Legacy Addon Browser ( steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles… ) from the workshop and start the game. They should show up in the menu under legacy addons. You can also just download the models from the workshop.
Credits:
Poninnahka
Chiramii-chan
Yukitoshii: Phoneme Designer/Preview Animations
CobbaltCO
KP-ShadowSquirrel
oogaboogaman
MrMentleman: Ponyville Map Author/Creator
ata64
Cutiemarks were found from MLP wiki and DeviantArt and the credits go to the vector artists.
Official testing team:
Chiramii-chan
Yukitoshii
DillyDong
d0ntst0pme
TheZeroTeam
MarineACU
AlexWheatLee
ata64
BlackArmsGeneral
Dragon-V0942
Neros1990
Might have missed something, will fix in that case. More links will come once I get them up.
EDIT: Ok, Workshopper is giving me the finger, so I can't get everything uploaded today. Rest of the links should follow tomorrow.
EDIT2: the rest of the links are now up, Workshop didn't want to work correctly so Astrix had to upload a couple of packs. Also updated the pic with ata64's newer one. The4thaggie 's video, it'll explain everything you need to know: www.youtube.com/watch?v=oUP1gg… : Model Designer/Rigger, Head of Project: Model DesignerYukitoshii: Phoneme Designer/Preview Animations: Model Resources/Designer: Original Model Maker: Original Model Importer for Source EngineMrMentleman: Ponyville Map Author/Creator: Ponyville Map Editor/ConverterCutiemarks were found from MLP wiki and DeviantArt and the credits go to the vector artists.YukitoshiiMight have missed something, will fix in that case. More links will come once I get them up.EDIT: Ok, Workshopper is giving me the finger, so I can't get everything uploaded today. Rest of the links should follow tomorrow.EDIT2: the rest of the links are now up, Workshop didn't want to work correctly so Astrix had to upload a couple of packs. Also updated the pic with ata64's newer one.
First off, huge thanks for for the release picture.Now, needless to say that this pack took quite a while to make. I think I started over nine months ago and started working on it actively maybe six months ago. Now, after all the teasing, mental breakdowns and butthurt, I can pretty safely call it done.So, for those who don't know what's so special here: Basically this is the V1 pony models with several improvements for posing and animating abilities and show accuracy. There are also plenty of new characters that were basically made from scratch. The pack includes (the pack where the model can be found is inside the brackets) :(background 2)(mane6)(background 2)(background 1)(background 2)(background 2)(background 1)(mane6)(background 1)(mane6)(background 1)(background 1)(background 2)(background 1)(background 2)(background 2)(background 1)(mane6)(mane6)(mane6)(background 1)(background 1)(mane6)(background 2)(background 2)Full info here: poninnahka.deviantart.com/art/… Props, characters and SFM scripts in one pack: mediafire: www.mediafire.com/?lnxc22kgzdw… Mane6: mediafire: www.mediafire.com/?k65ho2vl5hj… , workshop: steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles… Background pack 1: mediafire: www.mediafire.com/?8v4d2s32x5o… , workshop: steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles… Background pack 2: mediafire: www.mediafire.com/?sr9obj522rj… , workshop: steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles… SFM scripts: mediafire: www.mediafire.com/?8i10clzz5u9… Bonemergeable pony props: poninnahka.deviantart.com/art/… Chiramii-chan's show accurate eyes -mod:previews: cloud.steampowered.com/ugc/884… mediafire: www.mediafire.com/?b309oe3860b… Yukitoshii's V3 shading -mod:comparison to V1, right one has V3 shading and show accurate eyes: img4.fotos-hochladen.net/uploa… mediafire: www.mediafire.com/?d1bk5mpmh5n… Ponyville -map converted for SFM: ata64.deviantart.com/art/Dm-Po…
The bait and switch: it's one of the oldest tricks in politics—one of the oldest tricks in life. It's a fundamentally dishonest ploy, and typically appeals to vulnerable people's most base instincts in order to get them to, as the term suggests, take the bait. Donald Trump is a master at it.
Trump's Electoral College victory relied heavily on support from white working-class voters. According to data from the Voter Study Group analyzed by Lee Drutman, Trump won 27 percent of the “populists”—people who are economically left-of-center, i.e. supporters of social spending in general, but conservative on racial and cultural identity issues—who had voted for Barack Obama four years earlier. Furthermore, 14 percent of these Obama-voting populists picked a minor party candidate in 2016. Hillary Clinton won only 59 percent of the populists who went for Obama. On the flip side, Trump held on to 93 percent of the populists who had voted for Mitt Romney, and almost none went to Sec. Clinton, while Trump won 43 percent of the populists who had voted for a minor party candidate in 2012. Clinton won only 15 percent of them, and the rest went to other candidates.
Trump got these populist Obama supporters to vote for them by appealing to their racial and cultural identity issues, while at the same time reassuring them that they would not be a typical Republican who favored the rich by promising more infrastructure spending than their Democratic opponent, taking a hard protectionist stance on trade, etc. How do we know the latter worked? Obama-Trump voters told us so. They clearly identified Trump as a different kind of Republican—only 21 percent of them said their economic policies would favor the rich, while 40 percent of them said Congressional Republicans would, and 42 percent said Congressional Democrats would (it wasn't either/or, each respondent was asked about all three separately). As Jamelle Bouie noted: “For the first time in recent memory, populist voters didn't have to prioritize their values. They could choose liberal economic views and white identity, and they did.” Obama-Trump voters are not the only voters worth going after. I am using them here as a proxy for people who voted for Trump but who are absolutely gettable votes for Democrats. Trump sold them a bill of goods, and they have not delivered. However, with a number of policies put forth in just the past week, they are doing their best to re-sell them all over again.
After Democrats recently issued their “Better Deal” plan, a set of proposals aimed directly at the wallets of Americans struggling to make ends meet, the Trump White House knew what it had to do. They couldn't tout any populist economic policies he'd enacted—because no such policies exist.
The most substantial policy he'd gotten behind as president has been a Republican-only health care plan that would result in tens of millions losing their health coverage in order to pay for a tax cut for the wealthiest. The various Trumpcare plans were so unpopular—even 60 percent of Republicans disapproved of their party's handling of the issue according to a recent Quinnipiac poll—in large part because the American people saw them, to paraphrase Hillary Clinton, as right-wing, trickle-down economics on steroids. The same goes for their official tax plan, cooked up in partnership with the Koch Brothers. On trade, he's passed nothing and hasn't even made progress toward any kind of change. How about that $1 trillion infrastructure plan? Nothing there either.
So what did Trump do this past week? They brought out cultural wedge issues all over the map. Some, like their hare-brained, half-witted “announcement” banning transgender Americans from serving in the armed forces, were aimed at the religious conservatives who are their most loyal true believers. Other proposals, i.e., those seeking to counter affirmative action and to restrict immigration—in part by giving a preference for those who already speak English—are right in the sweet spot of white cultural and racial anxiety.
Finally, although it wasn't a formal proposal, Trump's truly sickening remark—it was no joke, as Jelani Cobb explained—encouraging police to abuse suspects upon their arrest was another dog whistle aimed at those “law and order” enthusiasts who rallied behind them in 2016. Importantly, police pushed back hard against Trump's suggestion. Additionally, on July 26, in Youngstown, Ohio, Trump also used graphic, inflammatory language in describing violent crimes committed by those here illegally, without citing any specifics about where such a thing happened:
And you've seen the stories about some of these animals. They don't want to use guns because it's too fast and it's not painful enough. So they'll take a young, beautiful girl, 16, 15, and others, and they slice them and dice them with a knife because they want them to go through excruciating pain before they die.
In other words, it was a banner week for Steve Bannon and their ally in white nationalism, Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Alex Shephard wrote at the New Republic that these types of actions reflect Trump's declaration of an “all-out culture war.” Trump understands that if the next election is fought over economic issues, Democrats will do much better than if it is fought over non-economic issues—especially now that he's been exposed as just another Republican on economics. GOP economic policies are harmful to the majority of Americans, and a majority of Americans know it.
Democrats need to force the Obama-Trump populists, and other voters who are reachable on economic issues, to do what Bouie said they didn't have to do in 2016, namely choose between a party who will not help their family's bottom line and a party that has and will continue to do so.
Even more than that, Democrats must emphasize that Trump pushes those racially divisive issues specifically because their actual economic plans won't help them. Let's talk about that immigration proposal, for example. They claim it will help American workers, but actual evidence demonstrates that it will do the opposite. UC Davis economist Giovanni Peri summed it up thusly: “the average American worker is more likely to lose than to gain from immigration restrictions.”
Trump's immigration restriction plan has no chance of getting through a Congress where enough members of the Republican majority still have their bread buttered by corporate interests that rely on cheap, unskilled labor. The plan is merely an attempt at distraction, another bait and switch—just like the Mexican wall Trump made a central selling point to voters for more than a year before admitting within days of taking office that it was “the least important thing,” although “politically it might be the most important.” Of course, Trump never meant the American people to hear that truthful admission.
A new Florida State University study is giving researchers a glimpse at how organisms from fish to flowers to tumors evolve in response to rapid environmental change.
The findings could have a broad ripple effect on a number of research areas, including climate change and cancer treatment. And it's all because of guppies.
FSU Professor of Biological Science Kimberly Hughes and a team of researchers sets out to find how this tiny tropical fish would evolve if they transplanted wild Trinidadian guppy fish from a stream with predatory fish into two-predator-free streams. Because guppies reproduce multiple times in a year, they were able to track three to four generations of the fish living in a predator-free zone.
The findings, published today in the academic journal Nature, were staggering.
By sequencing genetic material in the guppies' brains, researchers found that 135 genes evolved in response to the new environment. Most of the changes in the gene expression were internal and dealt with a fish's biological processes such as metabolism, immune function and development.
But more importantly, the immediate response of genes to change in the environment did not reflect the eventual evolutionary change.
Genes can change their activity levels in an immediate response to the environment -- what evolutionary biologists call plasticity -- or in an evolutionary response that occurs over many generations.
What Hughes and their colleagues found was that the evolutionary change in gene activity was usually opposite in direction to the immediate plasticity of gene activity. A gene that had changed in response to drastic change in the environment would then evolve in the opposite direction after a few generations.
"Some evolutionary theory suggests that plastic and evolutionary changes should be in the same direction," Hughes said. "But our results indicate that at least in the very early stages of evolution, genes that respond in the 'wrong' way to an environmental shift are those that will evolve most quickly."
Guppies are viewed as an ideal subject for evolution research because one year represents several generations for guppies. So, rapid evolutionary changes are often visible in a short period of time.
That makes these results interesting to scientists and raises big questions about how other organisms evolve in response to environmental changes.
For example, tumors face an environmental change when confronted with chemotherapy or radiation. Plants and animals face environmental changes with rising global temperatures. How do they change to live in these new realities or do they ultimately not survive?
"We know that organisms respond to changes in their environment at a very fast rate," Hughes said. "They can acclimate. That includes organisms that are pathogens of humans and also includes things like tumors that adapt or acclimate to, say, chemotherapy. We can measure these fast changes in pathogens and tumors. We can measure that plasticity just the same way we did in the brains of guppies. And then we might be able to predict how the pathogen or tumor will respond to treatment over longer time periods. This could help medical researchers and doctors predict and avoid development of drug resistance in viruses, bacteria and tumors."
The Patriots playoff game against the Chiefs isn't for a few more days. I figured I'd give a small offseason preview centered around the Patriots salary cap. All of the cap information that will be used comes from Miguel Benzan, the most reliable Patriots capologist in the business. Their website (patscap.com) and twitter (@PatsCap) are must-follows if one wants to know the intimate details of the Patriots financial position.
The general outlook of the Patriots salary cap is best portrayed in the image from this tweet by Miguel. Here is the most updated version from patscap.com.
Miguel has the Patriots with 53 total players under contract for 2016. I decided to take a look at which of the Patriots significant contributors from 2015 were under contract for 2016. Using footballoutsiders' snap count data and Miguel's 2016 contract data I made a chart that shows all the Patriots that played at least 10% of the team's offensive and defensive snaps in 2015 and their 2016 cap hit.
Player Snap % 2016 Tom Brady 98.8% $15,000,000 Malcolm Butler 98.8% $600,000 Logan Ryan 89.3% $1,825,813 Devin McCourty 84.7% $7,968,750 Rob Gronkowski 84.0% $6,618,750 Rob Ninkovich 81.4% $4,750,000 Patrick Chung 81.0% $3,287,500 Chandler Jones 78.8% $7,799,000 Josh Kline 77.4% $2,175,000 Sebastian Vollmer 73.0% $5,208,834 Jamie Collins 71.1% $1,196,683 David Andrews 68.4% $530,000 Shaq Mason 65.9% $635,881 Brandon LaFell 58.9% $3,675,000 Marcus Cannon 55.8% $4,754,168 Duron Harmon 55.1% $814,400 Tre' Jackson 54.3% $655,935 Dont'a Hightower 54.2% $7,751,000 Danny Amendola 51.5% $7,329,166 Jabaal Sheard 51.0% $6,812,500 Julian Edelman 47.0% $4,421,875 Malcom Brown 46.5% $1,730,280 Bryan Stork 43.9% $719,250 Keshawn Martin 43.0% Cameron Fleming 41.9% $150,292 Michael Williams 40.2% $525,000 Alan Branch 39.6% $2,725,000 Jerod Mayo 36.1% $11,400,000 Jonathan Freeny 35.6% $1,453,125 Scott Chandler 34.1% $3,050,000 LeGarrette Blount 27.5% Akiem Hicks 27.5% Justin Coleman 27.3% Dion Lewis 26.7% $1,087,500 James White 25.9% $699,772 Dominique Easley 25.1% $1,991,877 Sealver Siliga 23.2% Jordan Richards 21.8% $843,534 Nate Solder 20.5% $10,322,666 Aaron Dobson 19.0% $1,090,845 Brandon Bolden 17.1% $1,263,125 Tarell Brown 14.8% Leonard Johnson 14.3% $760,000 Geneo Grissom 12.0% $680,487
44 Patriots players saw the field 10% or more of the snaps on offense or defense in 2015 (22 offense, 22 defense). Of those 44 players, 38 are already under contract in 2016. The six players that are not currently under contract in 2016 are KeShawn Martin, LeGarette Blount, Akiem Hicks, Justin Coleman, LeGarrette Blount, and Tarrell Brown.
While the past few offseasons for the Patriots have been tumultuous, the 2016 offseason will hopefully be centered on extensions to the Patriots young defensive players. Chandler Jones, Dont'a Hightower, Jamie Collins, and Malcolm Butler will all be free agents after the 2016 season. It is expected that the Patriots will try to extend as many as reasonable, similar to how the Patriots extended Nate Solder a year before their contract ran out.
Miguel has tweeted out their ideas for contracts for all four players but said in this tweet that they are not confident in the numbers for Malcolm Butler.
Chandler Jones
Jamie Collins
Dont'a Hightower (Contract for Collins is the same as in the above graphic)
Malcolm Butler
Here is a chart showing Miguel's cap projections for all four players through 2020.
Player 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 Chandler Jones $6,550,000 $8,550,000 $11,550,000 $12,550,000 $14,050,000 Dont'a Hightower $6,450,000 $8,500,000 $10,450,000 $11,700,000 $13,300,000 Jamie Collins $5,500,000 $8,500,000 $10,250,000 $11,500,000 $12,000,000 Malcolm Butler $5,000,000 $7,000,000 $10,500,000 $11,000,000 $11,700,000
According to Miguel, Jones and Hightower's 2016 cap hits with those contracts would be around $1 million less than they're currently scheduled to be paying them. This lowering of that final year of the original contract is similar to what was done with Nate Solder. Solder originally was slated to count $7.438 million against the cap this year (2015). This year they only counted $5.605 million against it. Their extensions are the most realistic templates because of the precedent that is being set league-wide with 5th-year option extensions to top players.
The Collins contract was formatted similar to the way the Seahawks went about extending Bobby Wagner, a 2nd round pick just like Collins. If the Patriots could get Collins for that it'd be a steal.
The Butler contract has little to go off of. Most of the guaranteed money would be in the first few seasons of the contract so if Butler wasn't worth the $10+ million cap hits past 2017 the Patriots could move on without many consequences.
For the most part Miguel's predictions are all probably on the low end. These players are going to be the focus of the offseason regarding extensions. They are part of a young core of defenders that all play an important role on the defense. Some are more important than others, but they're all the top players on the team at their positions.
On the other side of the players-under-contract coin is the Patriots players that are on unsatisfactory contracts. On patscap.com Miguel has the amount of cap savings the Patriots would get if they decided to cut any given player. Using the players from the snap % chart I found every player that, if cut, would give the Patriots additional cap space. This list is only players that would give the Patriots more cap space than they are currently projected to get. Understand that just because a player can be cut doesn't mean they should be cut. However, I highlighted yellow what I believe to be the three contracts that are most likely to change between now and 2016. Whether that is via extension or cutting the player is anyone's guess.
Player Snap % 2016 2016 Cap Savings if Cut Tom Brady 98.8% $15,000,000 $3,000,000 Jerod Mayo 36.1% $11,400,000 $5,400,000 Chandler Jones 78.8% $7,799,000 $7,799,000 Dont'a Hightower 54.2% $7,751,000 $7,751,000 Danny Amendola 51.5% $7,329,166 $4,327,082 Jabaal Sheard 51.0% $6,812,500 $4,812,500 Sebastian Vollmer 73.0% $5,208,834 $2,525,000 Marcus Cannon 55.8% $4,754,168 $3,250,000 Rob Ninkovich 81.4% $4,750,000 $1,475,000 Julian Edelman 47.0% $4,421,875 $1,396,875 Brandon LaFell 58.9% $3,675,000 $2,500,000 Patrick Chung 81.0% $3,287,500 $1,575,000 Scott Chandler 34.1% $3,050,000 $1,525,000 Alan Branch 39.6% $2,725,000 $1,725,000 Josh Kline 77.4% $2,175,000 $1,562,500 Logan Ryan 89.3% $1,825,813 $1,685,000 Jonathan Freeny 35.6% $1,453,125 $650,000 Brandon Bolden 17.1% $1,263,125 $660,000 Jamie Collins 71.1% $1,196,683 $917,865 Aaron Dobson 19.0% $1,090,845 $872,505 Dion Lewis 26.7% $1,087,500 $687,500 Duron Harmon 55.1% $814,400 $681,000 Leonard Johnson 14.3% $760,000 $160,000 Bryan Stork 43.9% $719,250 $500,728 James White 25.9% $699,772 $500,728 Malcolm Butler 98.8% $600,000 $600,000 Michael Williams 40.2% $525,000 $525,000
According to Miguel the Patriots could gain almost $13 million in cap space for the 2016 offseason by cutting Jerod Mayo, Danny Amendola, and Marcus Cannon. Mayo and Cannon's contracts are deplorable. Amendola's isn't as bad as the other two and they have restructured their contract previously, but that's still a lot for at best the fourth receiving option in the Patriots offense behind Gronk, Minitron, and Little Dirty. Looking at the list there are other opportunities for small cap gains but most of those players are on contracts that are pretty fair value for their services. Miguel expects Scott Chandler to be cut.
The Patriots also have some players with options for 2016 that the Patriots must pick up in order to keep them. The notable two are defensive end Jabaal Sheard and defensive tackle Alan Branch. Sheard was third in snaps at defensive end behind Chandler Jones and Rob Ninkovich. Early in the year it was clear that a rotation of the three was planned but injuries spelled doom for that plan. Branch played the second most snaps among defensive tackles, trailing only Malcom Brown. Once Easley went down Belichick relied much more heavily on Brown and Branch.
Both players had good 2015 seasons and add a quality rotation when everyone is healthy. Their options are also far more realistic than the option the Patriots wrote into Darrelle Revis' contract. I expect both of them to be kept.
Last but not least is the 2016 NFL draft. Nick Korte of overthecap.com is the best source for compensatory draft picks. They released their 2016 compensatory pick projections and had the Patriots getting an additional four selections in the 2016 draft due to players lost in free agency last year. If you're confused as to what compensatory picks are, I wrote a fanpost about it last year.
If these end up being true the Patriots will have 10 selections in the 2016 NFL draft.
Patriots 2016 Draft Picks From Comp. Player 2nd original 3rd original 3rd compensatory Revis 4th original 5th compensatory Wilfork 6th original OR Texans 6th compensatory Vereen 7th original 7th Texans 7th compensatory Ayers
When it comes to the rookies and the salary cap, there is a rookie cap and how the rookies apply to the team's salary cap during the season. The rookie cap number is often called a rookie pool. The rookie pool figure is predetermined by the NFL following the Collective Bargaining Agreement from 2011. When the NFL tells the Patriots what their 2016 rookie cap is, that is the number the Patriots must fit all their drafted players under. Miguel explained how the rookie cap works in a blog post last year.
Now for the complex part. A team can sign all of its draft picks but not have all of those draft picks count against the salary cap. The reason for that is because of something called the Rule of 51. Remember the graphic from the beginning of the fanpost?
What is the Rule of 51? When the new league year starts in the offseason team's are allowed to carry up to 90 players on their roster until the season starts - when they have to cut their rosters down to 53 players. During this time in the offseason there is no way that a team could fit all of their players under the salary cap. Because of this, the NFL only counts the Top 51 cap hits and all additional bonus money and dead money against a team's cap. The base salaries of the players below the Top 51 are excluded from the cap during this time.
The Rule of 51 is what allows teams to sign their rookies during the offseason. The rookie pool that each team must fit their draft picks under only influences the team's cap space during the offseason if the rookie's contract is greater than the 51st highest cap hit. As of right now, the Patriots 51st highest cap hit is $525,000 shared by Michael Williams and Chris Harper. That number will be higher by the time of the draft.
Last year only two rookies with contracts that broke the previous 51st highest cap hit - 1st round pick Malcom Brown and 2nd round pick Jordan Richards. Since the Patriots are without a 1st round pick this year because the commissioner can't even read the conclusions of the report they paid millions of dollars for, it is possible that the only Patriots rookie that will count against the Patriots cap for most of the offseason will be whomever they draft with their 2nd round pick. Not only that, but the overall rookie pool for the Patriots is going to be tiny and will likely not take up too much of the Patriots salary cap in 2016.
Overall the Patriots are in great shape. They just have to take care of some bad contracts and hopefully get some core guys extended for the future. They may even see a free agent they like and go after them like they did with Jabaal Sheard. The 2016 roster is well on its way to being set already and it's January. Few teams in the league can say that and Belichick has really maneuvered the cap well after the GTA debacle handicapped the Patriots the previous two seasons.
Austin, TX—
In a wild incident of karma, National Rifle Association CEO Wayne LaPierre accidentally shot themselves in the foot onstage while sarcastically making fun of liberals for their desire to institute background checks for gun owners at an Austin gun convention in which LaPierre was the keynote speaker.
“Libtards think guns are so unsafe, but that's because they're pansies,” LaPierre said, while spinning a rifle in the air to both showcase their color guard talents and prove that guns are totally safe.
An assistant then brought out several pistols that LaPierre showed the audience before loading them and dramatically turning off their safeties with a pirouette. They then started balancing the loaded pistols in a tower off of their chin, and they managed to stack three.
Then the assistant brought out a basketball hoop and LaPierre began to throw them like basketballs into the hoop.
“Totally safe!” they shouted after sinking a downtown three-pointer. “Nothing but net!”
Then LaPierre started juggling three pistols in the air, as their assistant gradually handed them more. After a minute they were juggling six pistols in the air.
“See?” they asked the audience rhetorically. “Let's see some libtard try to tell me now that guns are dangerous!”
Right after finishing that sentence, however, one of the pistols hit the ground and discharged a bullet right into their foot. LaPierre crumpled to the ground and started screaming that no one should blame the gun.
“It's not the gun's fault! Don't take the gun away, it's so young and has so much to live for! Take me instead! Take me! Tell the pistol I'm sorry! I didn't mean for any of this to happen. I'm so sorry! Tell the pistol I've always loved it, and I'll never forget the good times we had last summer! They will always live on in my heart! This hurts so much! The Libtards were right!”
The audience didn't get to see LaPierre's next trick of deep-throating a rifle, which was always the crowd favorite.
(Picture courtesy of Gage Skidmore.)
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
About The Author Ilya designs transport diagrams, websites, apps and signage. Directs the designers and developers. Teaches design. Composes, plays and listens to music. Last … More about Ilya…
Things To Keep In Mind When Designing A Transportation Map
Smashing Newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our editors' picks twice a month. Your email Subscribe →
For many people, a map of a transportation network is a given, an expected part of the system, something that just is — like a fire-escape plan in a building. So, when I say that I design transportation maps, they don't understand. What is there to design even? Well, let's take the London underground map as an example. Designed by Harry Beck, it was the world's first transportation map to use the principles of electrical circuit drawings. All line segments were put to the angles of 45 or 90 degrees. The distances between stations were equalized.
Well, let's take the London underground map as an example. Designed by Harry Beck, it was the world's first transportation map to use the principles of electrical circuit drawings. All line segments were put to the angles of 45 or 90 degrees. The distances between stations were equalized. I wrote about it in part three of my “Maps and Reality” series, “Diagrams.”
This schematic approach was later adopted for many transportation maps of the world. But not every time was this a good idea. This is one useless map (from Samara, Russia):
Meet Smashing Book 6 — our brand-new book focused on real challenges and real front-end solutions in the real world: from design systems and accessible single-page apps to CSS Custom Properties, CSS Grid, Service Workers, performance, AR/VR and responsive art direction. With Marcy Sutton, Yoav Weiss, Lyza D. Gardner, Laura Elizabeth and many others. Table of Contents →
It adds almost nothing beyond just listing the stations: Алабинская · Российская · Московская · Гагаринская · Спортивная · Советская…
Beck's design dealt with growing complexity and the spread of London's underground rail network. When there is just one line, it's better to put this line in context. See the Ekaterinburg metro map, for example:
If you're interested in finding out more about this map, I wrote a detailed article last summer. (View large version)
Every transportation network requires a specialized solution.
Further Reading on SmashingMag:
Let's look at New York. The subway is large and complicated but quite different from London's: Trains can have different routes, which are denoted by both numbers and letters. In 1972, Massimo Vignelli designed this map:
In London, ticks are used to depict stations:
Vignelli couldn't have used them in New York. In London, lines rarely run together through the same stations. And when they do, all trains in a “wisp” stop at all of them — see Great Portland Street and Euston Square above.
In New York, such wisps are everywhere, and some trains don't stop at some stations. So, when there is a stop on a particular route, Vignelli puts a black bullet on the route's line:
You can see that, at some stations, not every line has a bullet.
Vignelli's map was beautiful but, unfortunately, unsuccessful. People considered it too abstract. Having no geographical reference, the eye had nothing to catch on. Also, the stations named with street numbers looked identical — the font was just too small for that.
This design was the closest to London's that New York has ever seen.
The successful design was the one by Michel Hertz (1979) — still in use. It includes parks, ponds, main streets and area names:
The related routes are denoted with just one line, not a wisp:
But there's a list of stopping routes at each station. Look at the red line, for example. Only route 1 stops at 18th, 23rd and 28th Streets, but all routes stop at 14th and 34th Streets.
Hertz wanted their map to look geographical. But they knew that a “true” map would use the format very inefficiently. So, their map is actually distorted significantly for everything to fit. Compare Google Maps on the left to Hertz's map on the right:
Hertz's map doesn't look stylish. But it has proven to work well. This is a very specific, bulletproof design tailored to New York.
But even maps that appear to be much more alike in principle have many little details to serve their cities' needs.
On stations, there are tracks for opposing directions. In some cities, these tracks are marked with the names of the lines' terminals.
The terminals are, thus, important for wayfinding, so they have to be emphasized on a map. In Barcelona, they put the terminal's name on a background, whose color matches the line's:
In Paris, they use bold font and symbols for the line numbers:
This is unnecessary in London, where, instead of toponymics, they use geographic directions (for example, “Northbound”).
In Oslo, a thick wisp of lines passes through the city center. One of the lines forms a loop and passes several stations twice: first as line 4, then as line 6. The transformation from 4 to 6 is shown with a gradient — not a typical element indeed:
There is another detail in Oslo: Trains pass Gulleråsen station in only one direction. This requires a designation, an element that is not used in any of the maps we've discussed above:
Moscow has its own peculiarity: For historical reasons, the stations have different names on different lines (sick, but what can you do). In addition, the Moscow metro map has to use both Cyrillic and Latin scripts for its station names. Depiction of transfers turns into a problem. Here, eight names must be positioned around the “Biblioteka Imeni Lenina — Aleksandrovsky Sad — Arbatskaya — Borovitskaya” junction, where four lines intersect:
Fragment of the official map. This place looks cleaner in my design.
A whopping six lines intersect at London's “King's Cross St. Pancras” station; just one name suffices:
There is not a single place on London's giant map where a station name intersects a line — there is always space around the lines. To achieve this in Moscow, one would need to dramatically reduce the font size and complicate the line geometry. That's why Moscow's metro map includes a device that the London one does not: a semi-transparent background for the station names that cross lines (see above).
But London has its own complication, one absent in Moscow. The gray “clouds” delineate the payment zones — something Moscow does not need because the price of a ride is fixed:
Every city and transportation network has a lot of details, which makes it impossible to use exactly the same graphical principles everywhere. But there is another reason for maps to be so different: aesthetics.
A transportation map is not only a tool, but also a notable object of graphic design in a big city. So, if you opt for Beck's design language, you would get a London-like map, no matter what you depict. The transportation system must have a face, and aesthetics are as important as logic.
The main feature of the Moscow metro map is the circle line. It doesn't fit Beck's language, but it's very important to Moscow. This is not of Moscow:
This, on the other hand, is:
London also has a line named Circle, but it has never been depicted as a circle. Today, it's not even a closed loop:
These circle lines are major elements and form the overall impression of the map.
But little details also influence the perception of a map.
In London, the black rings of the transfer stations are noticeably thinner than the lines. The “corridors” are of the same width. The stations' ticks are square, sticking out at two thirds of a line's width. The names are typeset with blue New Johnston:
In Moscow, the fat rings of the transfers are colored with their lines' colors. The corridors are much thinner and have a gradient. Some transfers are circular. The station ticks stick out at a full line's width. The names are typeset with black Moscow Sans:
Look at this tram map:
It's obvious that it's a tram map for London, not for some other city. It follows London's transportation graphic design standards — the rings, the ticks, the captions.
When we see the beige background, the particular palette of the lines, the filled station disks and the distinct designation of the transfers, we immediately recognize the Paris map:
Jug Cerović follows an unusual 18-degree-angle grid in their Luxembourg map. Once you see it, you'll recognize it every time:
For Chelyabinsk's trams map, we've come up with these 3D terminals:
Why are they like this? The only reason is that we wanted this map to look special.
It is not enough for a good transportation map to just answer the question, “How do I get there?” Because it is used everywhere, it is a part of the city's image. And if its design is powerful, it will influence the city in other ways.
Moscow's circle line has inspired designers to create this beautiful wayfinding signage:
The round designations of New York's subway train routes are used in all of the signage and have even made it to the dots of the i's in the pedestrian city maps (in the classic Helvetica these dots are rectangles):
And in London, the tube map has given birth to the graphical language of all transportation-related signage:
This graphical language is so iconic that you can even buy all sorts of souvenirs with its elements: t-shirts, umbrellas, shower curtains. This design has spread not only beyond the Tube, but beyond London. All sorts of maps are now done in this style:
Strong graphic design makes transportation systems more attractive. This helps cities get rid of privately owned cars. People spend more time outside, interacting with each other. This gives small businesses a boost and makes cities more pleasant to live in.
The Snowman, Yogi Bear and Hollywood's unintentionally funny movie posters Read more
The Snowman is a turkey. Everyone saw it coming, and now it's happened. Audiences simply did not want to see Michael Fassbender play a man called Harry Hole in a film that was released before it was finished and marketed by a drawing of a Snowman who calls everyone “Mister Police”, like some sort of cut-price children's entertainer. Lessons have been learned and everyone will move on.
Especially Michael Fassbender. The Snowman has been a rare blip in an otherwise sparkling career for him. That is, unless you count that terrible Assassin's Creed film they made. Oh, and the compulsively underpowered Alien: Covenant. And Song to Song, a Terrence Malick film so Terrence Malicky that even Terrence Malick promised to stop making films like that now. And The Light Between Oceans and Trespass Against Us, two films that nobody – not even the handful of people who actually paid to see them – have thought about since the instant the credits rolled.
The trouble is that all these films have been released within the last 12 months. Michael Fassbender is now churning out a fresh disappointment every eight weeks; a frequency that makes Nicolas Cage look like Daniel Day-Lewis. It's enough to make you wonder what went wrong.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Terrible … Fassbender in Assassin's Creed. Photograph: Allstar/Regency/Ubisoft
Obviously you can't lay all the blame at Fassbender's feet. Sometimes the fates of the film industry misalign and bombard audiences with too much at once. For instance, Alien: Covenant and The Snowman were shot in 2016, Assassin's Creed in 2015, Trespass Against Us and The Light Between Oceans in 2014 and Song to Song as long ago as 2012. Essentially, Fassbender has been unlucky enough to see half a decade of their hard work vomited out in one quick burst.
This high-density scheduling can be hugely damaging for a career – Jude Law's Hollywood prospects took an almighty knock when I Heart Huckabees, Alfie, Closer, The Aviator, Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow and Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events were all released within a similar span, prompting Chris Rock to mercilessly attack them at the Oscars – but it's not impossible to recover from. Fassbender just has to go back and concentrate on the fundamentals of their game.
Michael Fassbender is a capital A actor. Their stock in trade is intensity, be it inner turmoil or overt rage. Given the right material, there's very rarely anyone better on the day than him. And that's the problem – the material often simply isn't there. There isn't a stockpile of unmade Steve McQueen projects for them to cherrypick. And even if there were, that's no guarantee of success. Quite often Fassbender hitches their wagon to the star of a visionary director – notably Malick and Ridley Scott – only to see the projects wobble and falter when completed.
Fassbender also often falls prey to the classic actor's problem of being drafted in to bulk up the gravitas of lesser films. The X-Men films are a classic case in point. Any idiot could play Magneto. You just turn up, scowl a bit, throw a submarine at an aeroplane with your mind and then cash the cheque. It's easy. But Matthew Vaughn chose Fassbender because they had weight. And while it worked in the short-term – the X-Men movies are by far their most commercially successful films – it might have given them an unearned appetite for franchises.
He's been upfront about their hopes that The Snowman would mark the start of a new franchise for him, and Assassin's Creed was meant to be the first part of a trilogy. While you can understand their keenness – franchises are where the money is, after all – that's just not who Michael Fassbender is at the moment.
Until now, their best roles have been their least commercial – a sex addict, a vicious slavemaster, a man with a cardboard head – and that's the kind of knotty territory where audiences enjoy them most. They aren't a bland romantic lead. They aren't the empty cypher at the heart of a video game adaptation. He's much more interesting than that. Fassbender has had a rough year, but if they hang back and only makes the films that actually deserve him, he'll end up with Oscars coming out of their wazoo. Doesn't that sound better?
Hillary Clinton issued their second low blow to Donald Trump supporters when they lost their cool over a heckler at a rally in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, Tuesday night.
The Democratic presidential candidate was chastised for calling Trump supporters “deplorables” a few months ago, and they unleashed another insult when someone shouted, “Bill Clinton is a rapist!” at the rally. Hillary Clinton was visibly rattled by the protester, who was escorted out by security, Bloomberg reports.
SHE'S FED UP — Hillary Clinton unleashed a fiery comeback to a heckler holding a “Bill Clinton is a Rapist” sign https://t.co/zsfvmxVElq pic.twitter.com/JXv0pLepBm — New York Daily News (@NYDailyNews) November 2, 2016
The presidential nominee lashed out at Donald Trump supporters by this time branding them as having a negative vision.
“I am sick and tired of the negative, dark, divisive, dangerous vision and behavior from people who support Donald Trump,” Clinton told the crowd.
Hillary Clinton tells crowd to “stage an intervention” with any Trump supporters they know pic.twitter.com/QeTEocGSZp — FOX & Friends (@foxandfriends) November 2, 2016
There were about 4,300 people assembled at Reverend Samuel Delevoe Memorial Park in Fort Lauderdale where Clinton was interrupted by the heckler. Thousands of Clinton supporters at the gathering tried shouting over the heckler by chanting, “Hillary! Hillary!”
According to the report, Hillary Clinton was at the end of a long day when they reacted with hostility toward the heckler. They were an hour late getting to the rally when they finally got onstage after 10 p.m. They typically ignore protesters at their rallies, but they snapped when the heckler called their husband a rapist above a roaring crowd.
Clinton caught a lot of heat for calling Trump supporters a basket of deplorables not long ago at a fundraiser, and they cast them as bad people once more in their latest rally in the homestretch to Election Day 2016.
Trump is closing in on the polls, and Clinton is plagued by the email scandal after the FBI announced it would further investigate the case after e-mails were discovered on a laptop belonging to the estranged husband of their top aide, Huma Abedin. Add to that, health insurance premiums are spiking at an alarming rate at the hands of Obamacare, which Clinton supported and plans to keep.
Hillary Clinton has tried to talk down the angry rhetoric that Donald Trump has been feeding their supporters.
“You may be angry about something, but anger is not a plan. Don't be used. Don't be exploited,” Clinton said.
It was noted in the report that Clinton was interrupted by some Trump protesters early Tuesday in the outskirts of Tampa, but they ignored them. A larger crowd of more than 100 protesters were chanting “lock them up” and “Trump!” in a parking lot as they spoke at an outdoor event. By the time they got to Fort Lauderdale, she'd had enough of Trump protesters interrupting their speeches.
In a revealing report by The Hill, Clinton urged their supporters to “stage an intervention” with anyone backing Trump. They went further skewering their opponent by highlighting the fact they allegedly haven't paid much in federal income taxes. They told their supporters on Tuesday that most of them have paid more in federal taxes than Trump ever has.
“He took everything our great country has to offer. They scooped it up with both hands and then paid nothing to support us,” Hillary Clinton said.
Clinton added that any supporters of Donald Trump need an intervention.
“If you know anybody who's thinking about voting for Trump, well, first of all, stage an intervention,” they continued.
“If you have any friends voting for #Trump plz stage an intervention – remember, friends don't let friends vote for Trump!” @HillaryClinton pic.twitter.com/Jsn9FrhIzl — Cindy Leinwand (@CindyLeinwand12) October 30, 2016
It's not a secret that Clinton loathes the messages Trump is delivering, but they claim they are all about the motto, “When they go low, we go high.” To many people, calling Trump supporters “negative, dark, divisive, and dangerous” might contradict that notion.
There is less than a week to go until the country learns if Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump will be the next president. Things are changing hour-by-hour in this election. As the pressure mounts, each candidate could continue providing shocking headlines until November 8.
[Featured Image by Alex Wong/Getty Images]
Cristiano Ronaldo has once again refused to rule out a return to Manchester United.
New Argentina boss Tata Martino hailed Angel di Maria as one of the best players in the world after they inspired a 4-2 friendly victory over World Cup winners Germany.
In 2008, I watched two young graduates of Manchester United's academy make their first-team debuts in unusual locations. Daniel Welbeck was a 17-year-old substitute for a friendly game in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, where, in front of 70,000, they missed a last-minute penalty that would have levelled the score.
Their teammate and close friend Tom Cleverley made their debut in another lucrative friendly, this time in Pretoria, South Africa. Years later, Cleverley asked whether it was possible to get a copy of the programme from their debut. I like it when a footballer is interested in the nuances of their own career, because plenty aren't.
In subsequent years these two young men, both United fans, would be sent out on loan to continue their development with great success. Welbeck thrived at Sunderland; Cleverley at Leicester, Watford and Wigan Athletic.
Then they returned to the United nest and played for the first team: Welbeck 142 times, Cleverley 79. Like any footballer, they had their ups and downs. They also had an admirer in Sir Alex Ferguson, who pushed, encouraged, disciplined and nurtured their talents. When they played in the side that destroyed Arsenal 8-2 three years ago, they showed they could excel at the top level. United's starting XI that day: David De Gea; Chris Smalling, Phil Jones, Jonny Evans, Patrice Evra; Nani, Cleverley, Anderson, Ashley Young; Wayne Rooney, Welbeck.
Welbeck and Cleverley have moved on from Man United, a sad sight given their deep home-grown roots at the club.
Ferguson, clearly, was a genius. All the players from that young side were expected to enjoy long and fruitful careers at Old Trafford. Some may yet, but Nani has returned to Portugal and Anderson is being paid a lot to do very little. Though they were a great hope of Brazilian football in 2007, United couldn't find a suitor for them in the transfer window.
Cleverley and Welbeck both signed contracts to leave Old Trafford on transfer deadline day -- Welbeck to Arsenal and Cleverley on loan to Aston Villa. Welbeck had been at the club since the age of 8, Cleverley since they were 11. The day they left, Cleverley's father sent me a photo of their son in their first day at United in 2000. A tiny boy, the red shirt dwarfed him.
"He never did grow into a United shirt," opined a critic on Twitter. Cleverley has had much worse abuse than that. He's also played 79 times for United's first team, more than all their contemporaries bar Welbeck. They made it when so many didn't. They would have liked it to have been for 500 games, but it's 79 more than most.
Cleverley didn't pan out at Man United but fans often ignore the human element when passing judgment.
Cleverley hoped that things would work out differently, will admit to making mistakes and, ultimately, was judged to not be good enough to play in central midfield for United. Ferguson thought they are; Louis van Gaal doesn't agree, and United's fans would be inclined to side with the new boss. A change will hopefully be as good as a break for the 13-time England international midfielder who has stopped being an England international.
I can understand why he's going and that sentiment is thin in football, but part of me was sad to see several home-grown players depart Old Trafford. It's better when a club has those players who, like Ryan Giggs, can anchor the dressing room and tell arrivals what United means to the city and community.
Cleverley was linked with several clubs, and it was intriguing how football fans forget the human aspect behind transfer moves; the footballer who has to change their lives at the drop of a hat because someone else has made a decision on their behalf. Who has to move their family and kids from their school to a strange town where they know nobody.
Money is supposed to compensate for all, but it doesn't. Fans have little sympathy for very well-paid (read: "indulged") footballers. When Michael Owen was having an awful time living in a hotel in Madrid with their wife and then-2-year-old child, nobody knew of it. What would have been the point of them telling the story?
After their mediocre start to the season, the club wanted to sell Cleverley while they could, while they were in contract and they could get a fee for him. The player felt they held most of the cards and control over their own contract. An out-of-contract player can negotiate a far more lucrative deal. Newspapers carried stories linking them to various clubs, and a few days before the transfer window, there was "news" of a bid from Valencia.
Michael Owen struggled in Spain, but fans don't care about players' issues because of their mighty salaries.
Fans, not unreasonably, then began to discuss such a move on behalf of the player. They talked about whether it would be good for him, whether he'd fit into Valencia's style and Spanish football. The reality was that they were never going to Spain. He's just become a father and brought a new house. They didn't want to stray far at all from the support network around him. Not that fans saw that, and why would they? It's their private life. As for the "bid" from Valencia, they weren't even convinced it was genuine; agents without players tend to bid on behalf of clubs and concoct plausible scenarios.
I'm glad the transfer window is over, but it's clear that it's a highlight of the season for some football fans and they can't wait for the next one in January. I don't like the way that Sky Sports try to dominate the day in the UK, like they have a monopoly on transfer deadline news and all other media outlets don't exist. Football didn't start with the Premier League in 1992.
I had a phone call this week from a face from United's past, Michael Knighton. They were one person who saw the potential of television rights when they looked set to take over at Manchester United in 1989. I'd never spoken to Knighton but was asked to write a piece about them 25 years after they famously ran onto the Old Trafford pitch juggling a ball. They aren't impressed and, on Monday, rang to tell me how they felt. They were polite, friendly but believed they deserved the right of reply. Which they do.
I appreciated that but it was a reminder, if I needed it, that in football opinions can make or break careers -- whether those opinions are informed -- or, in the case of much transfer speculation and comment, grossly uninformed.
Andy Mitten is a freelance writer and the founder and editor of United We Stand. Follow them on Twitter: @AndyMitten.
In a national security presidential memorandum signed on January 27, U.S. President Donald Trump promised “a new Nuclear Posture Review to ensure that the United States' nuclear deterrent is modern, robust, flexible, resilient, ready, and appropriately tailored to deter 21st-century threats and reassure our allies.” This statement on nuclear policy marks a drastic change from President Barack Obama's call to “reduce reliance” on nuclear weapons while maintaining a “safe, secure, and effective,” nuclear force.
The move will be contentious. As Amy Woolf of the Congressional Research Service writes, this may be the first post–Cold War U.S. administration not to seek a reduced role for nuclear weapons as an explicit policy objective. Among the most highly debated aspects will be the decision, also articulated in Secretary of Defense James Mattis' confirmation hearings earlier this month, to upgrade all three legs of the U.S. nuclear triad: bombers, submarines, and intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs).
Such modernization plans have been the subject of intense controversy in recent years. In 2010, the Obama administration agreed, under Republican pressure, to update the country's aging nuclear forces, but the decision provoked a withering response, with particular criticism aimed at ICBMs. Writing in Foreign Affairs, for example, journalist Fred Kaplan argued that “the case for land-based ICBMs today is extremely weak” and asked rhetorically, “Why shouldn't they be dismantled?” Former Secretary of Defense William Perry answered the question in a New York Times op-ed, explaining “Why It Is Safe to Scrap America's ICBMs.” They argued that doing so could save “considerable costs” and reduce the risk of “accidental nuclear war.” And in a Senate testimony in 2015, Mattis themselves suggested they were open to the possibility, inquiring, “Is it time to reduce the triad to a dyad, removing the land‐based missiles?”
This is a valid question to ask, but in a world of growing nuclear dangers, the Trump administration is correct: the United States must retain a robust nuclear force, including ICBMs.
The
Place in Greece
Marathon (Demotic Greek: Μαραθώνας, Marathónas; Attic/Katharevousa: Μαραθών, Marathṓn) is a town in Greece and the site of the battle of Marathon in 490 BCE, in which the heavily outnumbered Athenian army defeated the Persians. Legend has it that Pheidippides, a Greek herald at the battle, was sent running from Marathon to Athens to announce the victory, which is how the marathon running race was conceived in modern times.[n 1]
History [ edit ]
Ruins of a Frankish tower near Marathon
The name "Marathon" (Μαραθών) comes from the herb fennel, called marathon (μάραθον) or marathos (μάραθος) in Ancient Greek,[2][n 2] so Marathon literally means "a place full of fennels".[4] It is believed that the town was originally named so because of an abundance of fennel plants in the area.
Anciently, Marathon (Ancient Greek: Μαραθών) occupied a small plain in the northeast of ancient Attica, which contained four places, Marathon, Probalinthus, Tricorythus, and Oenoe, which originally formed the Tetrapolis, one of the 12 districts into which Attica was divided before the time of Theseus. Here Xuthus, who married the daughter of Erechtheus, is said to have reigned; and here the Heracleidae took refuge when driven out of Peloponnesus, and defeated Eurystheus.[5][6] The Marathonii claimed to be the first people in Greece who paid divine honours to Heracles, who possessed a sanctuary in the plain.[7] Marathon is also celebrated in the legends of Theseus, who conquered the ferocious bull, which used to devastate the plain.[8][9] Marathon is mentioned in Homer's Odyssey in a way that implies that it was then a place of importance.[10] In mythology, its name was derived from an eponymous hero Marathon, who is described by Pausanias as a son of Epopeus, king of Sicyon, who fled into Attica in consequence of the cruelty of their father[11] Plutarch calls them an Arcadian, who accompanied the Dioscuri in their expedition into Attica, and voluntarily devoted themselves to death before the battle.[12]
After Theseus united the 12 independent districts of Attica into one state, the name of Tetrapolis gradually fell into disuse; and the four places of which it consisted became Attic demi, Marathon, Tricorythus, and Oenoë belonging to the tribe Aeantis, and Probalinthus to the tribe Pandionis; but Marathon was so superior to the other three, that its name was applied to the whole district down to the latest times. Hence Lucian speaks of "the parts of Marathon about Oenoë".[13]
Few places have obtained such celebrity in the history of the world as Marathon, on account of the victory which the Athenians here gained over the Persians in 490 BCE (Battle of Marathon). After Miltiades (the general of the Greek forces) defeated Darius' Persian forces, the Persians decided to sail from Marathon to Athens in order to sack the unprotected city. Miltiades ordered all their hoplite forces to march "double time" back to Athens, so that by the time Darius' troops arrived they saw the same Greek force waiting for them.
Although the name Marathon had a positive resonance in Europe in the nineteenth century, for some time that was sullied by the Dilessi murders, which happened nearby in 1870.
In the 19th century and beginning of twentieth century the village was inhabited by Albanian population.[14][15]
Plain of Marathon
The sophist and magnate Herodes Atticus was born in Marathon. In 1926, the American company ULEN began construction on the Marathon Dam in a valley above Marathon, in order to ensure water supply for Athens. It was completed in 1929. About 10 km² of forested land were flooded to form Lake Marathon.
The beach of Schinias is located southeast of the town and it is a popular windsurfing spot and the Olympic Rowing Center for the 2004 Summer Olympics is also located there. At the 1896 and 2004 Summer Olympics, Marathon was the starting point of the marathon races (for both women and men in 2004).[16][17] The area is susceptible to flash flooding, because of forest fires having denuded parts of the eastern slopes of Mount Penteli especially in 2006.
Municipality [ edit ]
The municipality Marathon was formed at the 2011 local government reform by the merger of the following 4 former municipalities, that became municipal units:[18]
The municipality has an area of 222.747 km2, the municipal unit 97.062 km2.[19]
Population [ edit ]
Year Town Municipal unit Municipality 1981 4,841 - - 1991 5,453 12,979 - 2001 4,399 8,882 - 2011 7,170 12,849 33,423
The other settlements in the municipal unit are Agios Panteleimonas (pop. 1,591), Kato Souli (2,142), Vranas (1,082), Avra (191), Vothon (177), Ano Souli (232), and Schinias (264).
Points of interest [ edit ]
The Soros , a tumulus (Greek Τύμβος, tymbos , tomb), or burial mound, erected to the 192 Athenian fallen at the Battle of Marathon, is a feature of the coastal plain, now marked by a marble memorial stele and surrounded by a small park. [20]
, a tumulus (Greek , tomb), or burial mound, erected to the 192 Athenian fallen at the Battle of Marathon, is a feature of the coastal plain, now marked by a marble memorial stele and surrounded by a small park. Kato Souli Naval Transmission Facility with its 250-metre (820 ft) tall radio mast, the tallest structure in Greece.
Sister cities [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Notes and references [ edit ]
Notes
^ Marathonios Dromos ( Μαραθώνιος Δρόμος ) or simply Marathonios. In modern Greek the sports event is called) or simply ^ fennel is first attested in 𐀔𐀨𐀶𐀺 , ma-ra-tu-wo.[3] The Greek word foris first attested in Mycenaean Linear B on tablets MY Ge 602, MY Ge 606 + fr., MY Ge 605 + 607 + frr. + 60Sa + 605b - as
References
There's considerable debate in the archaeological community about how long dogs have been man's best friend.
Generally archaeologists agree that dogs have been domesticated for at least 9,000 years. But beyond this point there's no consensus.
The oldest scientific evidences for dog domestication comes about 31,000 years ago at paleolitihic sites in Belgium, with the discovery of dogs with a shorter and broader snout, a characteristic that differentiates dogs from wolves.
That finding would appear to be bolstered by a new report (see abstract) in the Journal of Archaeological Science about the Predmostí paleolithic site in the Czech Republic.
The authors not only found three dog-shaped skulls at the site, but one that had a mammoth bone in it. And by using the term mammoth I mean mammoth, as in the animal.
The authors believe the bone was intentionally placed in the dog's mouth after death, likely as part of some post-death ritual.
If the results are valid it suggests dog domestication occurred earlier than many archaeologists think, and that dogs were side-by-side humans as they developed the precursor skills to building civilizations.
Man's best friend, indeed.
Image copyright Getty Images
Global markets will face more sharp swings in the week ahead as investors assess the impact of British voters' decision to quit the EU.
The pound slumped on Monday to a fresh 31 year low and stock markets around the world extended a tailspin from Friday.
London's FTSE 100 fell by 2.5%, adding to a similar fall on Friday. And in Frankfurt, Paris, Milan and Madrid, stock markets fell 3-4% after closing as much as 12% down on Friday as investors contemplated the ramifications of a EU member leaving the union.
We consider the key markets to watch for the weeks ahead.
FTSE 100
The FTSE 100 is made up of the 100 most valuable companies whose shares are traded on the London Stock Exchange.
The index of "blue chip" stocks contains some of the UK's best-known businesses, such as the supermarkets Tesco and Sainsbury's, the banks Barclays, Lloyds and Royal Bank of Scotland and the mobile operator Vodafone.
In some ways the FTSE 100 is a better reflection of the global economy. Research by fund manager Capital Group found more than three quarters of the combined profits of FTSE-listed companies come from outside the UK.
So for many groups that generate revenues abroad, such as energy giants Shell and BP and miners like BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto, the sharp fall in the pound following the Brexit vote was good news.
Image copyright Getty Images
Share price movements on the FTSE 100 are likely to affect anyone with a pension because most pension funds have significant investments in the London stock market. The return on those investments will determine the value of a pension pot.
Individuals may choose to directly put their money in a company by buying shares. Any changes to the price of a company's shares can affect dividend payments as well as the return once those shares are sold.
Companies in the property and the banking sector were the hardest hit both on Friday and Monday by the Brexit vote.
Investors feared that some foreign buyers may now be put off from buying property in the UK.
London is the world's biggest financial centre outside New York and investors are concerned leaving the EU will prompt some banks and financial companies - which made significant contributions to the UK economy - to move jobs and businesses to centres such as Frankfurt and Dublin that remain inside the EU.
Despite the almost 200 point decline for the FTSE 100 after a near-500 point slide on Friday morning, the index closed 1.9% higher than the point at which it started the week.
FTSE 250
Companies on the FTSE 250 index make about half their sales in the UK, according to Credit Suisse.
It means that the businesses are a far better barometer of the health of the UK economy and on Friday it suffered its worst day on record.
The mid-cap index, which includes Domino's Pizza, Rentokil Initial and Britvic, slumped by 6.7% on Monday after a slide of 7.2% on Friday.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Britvic makes soft drinks such as J20
It mirrored the blue-chip index, with banks and construction companies the hardest hit. Virgin Money lost 25 percent while builder McCarthy fell 19%. Property companies were also hit hard, with Jan Crosby, head of housing at KPMG , said house prices could fall 5% in the regions and slightly more in London.
Stock markets hate uncertainty. With no concrete timetable for when the government will start the process of leaving the European Union, volatility on the FTSE 250 is likely to continue.
Gold
Gold is typically referred to as a "safe haven" in times of crisis because it is viewed as a low-risk store of value.
The more worried people are, the higher the price of gold as demand increases. As the eurozone crisis worsened in 2011, gold soared to a record high of $1,910 an ounce.
Gold was up about 3% at $1,318 an ounce on Monday after jumping nearly 5% on Friday.
Image copyright Getty Images
Precious metal miners have been the biggest gainers from the vote as investors move into companies that benefit from gold and silver's strength at times of market turmoil. Randgold Resources and Fresnillo topped the FTSE 100 on Monday after topping the leaderboard on Friday.
Gold is viewed as a long-term bet because it does not pay regular dividends, unlike shares in companies.
More savers may be drawn to gold if the Bank of England cuts interest rates. David Tinsley, UK economist at UBS, predicted a cut by the Bank in the next six months in a bid to offset slowing growth and a weaker pound.
Gold may also affect pension pots. Since 2014, certain retirement plans, such as a Self-Invested Personal Pensions, have been allowed to invest in high-quality physical gold.
Currencies
The biggest shock of the Brexit has been the slump in the pound against the dollar.
Before the vote on Thursday £1 bought $1.48 and €1.28. By Monday, £1 bought $1.32 and €1.19. For holidaymakers, going abroad is now more expensive.
For the wider economy, companies that export goods and are paid in foreign currencies such as the dollar will benefit when sending that money back to Britain. Weak sterling could also boost demand for British goods now they are cheaper.
However, it also means that imports become more expensive and businesses could choose to pass on those extra costs on to consumers.
Image copyright Getty Images
While Britain's trade gap - the difference between exports and imports - narrowed in April following a rise in overseas sales and demand outside the European Union, it was still £3.3b in the red.
Britain is yet to invoke Article 50 to leave the EU and there is great uncertainty about what deal the government, which is in a state of flux with an outgoing prime minister, can reach with the country's biggest trading partner.
David Lamb, head of dealing at FEXCO Corporate Payments said: "While a prolonged fall in sterling will help British exporters, the financial markets are entering an unknown future of extreme volatility. Such severe swings will create winners, losers and many sleepless nights."
Government bonds
Government bonds will be in the spotlight in the coming weeks. The interest rate, or yield, on a 10-year bond, an IOU issued by the government to raise money, fell on Monday to 0.947%, the lowest ever.
Usually low yields on bonds means there is very little chance of the government defaulting on that debt. German government bonds, for example, are seen as a very safe place to put cash and the yield is at record lows.
For Britain the fall is more to do with a promise by Mark Carney, Governor of the Bank of England, to provide £250bn of liquidity to UK banks.
The UK has had its credit rating outlook cut to "negative" by the ratings agency Moody's after the country voted to leave the EU. The other major rating agencies, Standard & Poor's and Fitch, are yet to react.
Any downgrade to the government's credit rating could make it more expensive to raise funds and in turn pay down debt - a situation that could be compounded by a slowdown in economic growth.
Joe Cool
Get one of these, and you'll only be a fedora away from completing your cool guy ensembleh.
No, we meant to spell it like that. Anyone can spell it ensemble, pronounced AHN-SAHM-BULL. But the really cool guys pronounce it AHN-SAHM-BLEH. The same really cool guys who wear these Levi's Men's Leather jackets.
A Levi's leather jacket-wearer is so cool, in fact, that they rarely notice the uncoolness happening around him. Like the way the checker at Whole Foods glared at their "animal flesh casing" while scanning their organic kale chips and deep-fried buffalo chicken-flavored tofu sticks.
Or how when they left the store, that animal rights activist splattered red paint all over their 100% leather dry-clean only jacket with the shank button closures. But even if they had noticed, it wouldn't have bothered him. Because cool guys know that everyone else is just jealous, pronounced YELL-OOSE with a soft "J", of course.
Back to top
How Jared Polis Plans to Force a Vote on ENDA
Colorado Rep. Jared Polis just introduced a petition that could finally bring the Employment Non-Discrimination Act to a vote in the House.
After nearly a year without a vote in the U.S. House of Representatives, Colorado's Rep. Jared Polis just launched a new plan to force their colleagues to take a vote on the long-languishing Employment Non-Discrimination Act.
More than 100 members of the House have already signed onto a procedural move known as a discharge petition, which would force a vote on ENDA before the end of this congressional term, Polis, an out father and Democrat, tells The Advocate.
The pending legislation, which would make it illegal for employers to fire, decline to promote, or refuse to hire someone on the basis of their sexual orientation or gender identity, passed the U.S. Senate last November with sizable bipartisan support. But since then, Republican Speaker of the House John Boehner has repeatedly refused to bring the legislation to the House floor for a vote, despite a broad, bipartisan collection of 206 members of Congress who currently cosponsor the bill.
On Wednesday, Polis launched a procedural motion called a discharge petition, which seeks to override the Speaker's refusal to bring the bill to a vote by securing signatures from at least 218 members who demand that the legislation be brought to the floor.
A discharge petition, Polis explained in a phone call with The Advocate, allows members of Congress to "say they want to vote on something, and it's bottom-up, rather than top-down."
"So we're going around the speaker, since they have refused to allow a vote," continued Polis. "[We plan] to force a simple vote on employment nondiscrimination, to protect LGBT Americans from being fired just because of who they love or who they are."
Polis said they are "very confident" that if ENDA were brought to a vote, it would easily pass. If the discharge petition were successful — meaning at least 218 representatives signed the petition — ENDA would come to the House floor for a vote, and would need only simple majority approval to move one step closer to President Obama's desk.
While the primary intent of the discharge petition is to force members to take a public stand on a measure that a vast majority of Americans support — and most believe is already law — Polis also positioned the petition as a way to clean up the bill's existing religious exemptions, which many view as overly broad.
After the Supreme Court's decision in the Hobby Lobby case, which found that an employer can cite personal religious beliefs to deny specific health care options to employees, seven major LGBT organizations announced they were withdrawing support for ENDA, pointing to the bill's religious exemptions.
But Polis's discharge petition, they explained, would scale back the problematic exemption and bring it in line with existing federal legislation that balances religious freedom with basic civil rights around identities like race and gender.
"In the post-Hobby Lobby era, Americans are rightfully more concerned about whether an employer cites their own beliefs in deciding what benefits to offer their employees or, in this case, who to fire," Polis said. "So … we mirror the same religious exemption language that exists for race and gender, and we apply that to sexual orientation and gender identity. So rather than have a different and larger carve-out, we have the same exemption that we have for race and gender."
Polis confirmed that a successful discharge petition would effectively amend the existing ENDA bill, bringing a version to the House floor that features religious exemptions on par with those recently included in President Obama's executive orders outlawing workplace discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity within the federal government and for federal contractors.
"It's the new and improved ENDA," Polis said.
Asked about the specific timing of this discharge petition — discussion of which has been percolating for months — Polis said their motivation is twofold.
"We're going rapidly into an election period, and now is the best time for voters to hold their representatives accountable," Polis explained. "And particularly at the time when more and more Republicans are trying to downplay this equality issue — or speak out of both sides of their mouth — this will give voters the ability to see through that, and say 'Well, you say you support equality, but have you taken the next step and signed the discharge petition to prevent people from being fired just for being LGBT?'"
Filing a discharge petition in the lead-up to November's midterm election "also highlights the importance of this election for LGBT voters and our friends and families about what's at stake, and why it's absolutely critical to vote this November," Polis added.
Polis's secondary motive for introducing the discharge petition is somewhat more pragmatic.
"It's using the one procedural technique we have to try to force a vote on this before, in the first week of January, it expires, and we have to start all over again," said Polis.
Even if Polis and their allies in Congress are unsuccessful in securing the required 218 signatures to force a vote, Polis believes the scope of those who do sign the discharge petition will increase pressure on Speaker Boehner to bring ENDA to the floor.
"As we get closer to 218 [signers], it applies more and more pressure to Speaker Boehner to bring the bill to the floor," Polis explained.
The Human Rights Campaign, one of the last prominent LGBT groups to stand firm in its support for ENDA's current iteration, lauded Polis's petition.
"We appreciate the leadership of Leader Pelosi and Congressman Polis in seeking every possible avenue to advance ENDA in the House this year," said David Stacy, HRC's government affairs director, in a statement. "No American should be denied a job opportunity, fired, or discriminated against just because of their sexual orientation or gender identity. With an overwhelming two-thirds of American voters, including a strong majority of Republicans, supporting a federal law that protects LGBT people from workplace discrimination, this is clearly an issue lawmaker from both parties can support."
"Space, the final frontier. These are the voyages of the starship Enterprise. Its five-year mission: to explore strange new worlds, to seek out new life and new civilizations, to boldly go where no man has gone before." –Star Trek
Five years ago I started Red Blob Games to help game developers with interactive tutorials and also to make my own games. I had already been interested in interactive tutorials since 2004 and likely even earlier than that, but it wasn't something I had spent much time on. In August 2011 I made a explanation of "blind spots" when driving a car and discovered that by playing with the diagram, I learned things I hadn't ever learned when I had merely read about the topic. I decided to make many more interactive explanations of math and computer science topics, especially for game development. It was something I wanted to see more of in the world.
Around the same time, I discovered the work of Bret Victor. They aren't writing interactive tutorials for game development, but they were thinking much bigger. Much, much, much bigger. Their articles on “explorable explanations” and “ladder of abstraction” made me realize that there's a lot more to this than I realized.
The first interactive tutorial I published under Red Blob Games was at the beginning of 2012, about damage roll calculations and probability. Also early in 2012 I became pessimistic about making my own games so I decided to focus on helping others with my tutorials.
With the probability page, I followed a "textbook style" of starting with the basics and working my way up. I think that style didn't work so well. The top of the page was too bland; it didn't make people want to read more. For my second interactive tutorial, 2d visibility, I decided I needed more of a "journalist style" of starting with the juiciest thing at the top of the page and then the details later. I think this worked better.
My third interactive tutorial was for curved roads and tracks. This project made me rethink my strategy. In 2012 I had been exploring "small" topics I didn't know much about while learning visualization, javascript, d3, svg, etc. This project took five months, and it was a topic not many people cared about. The combination of I'm learning something new (takes a lot of time, as I'm a slow learner) and it's not very useful stung badly and I had to do something different.
In 2013 I was more focused. I had some topics to explore, and I was better about prioritizing and "shipping". I wanted something that was both a topic I knew about and a topic that would be useful. I started with my guide to hexagonal grids. Not only did I want to have the best reference to hexagonal grid math on the web, I wanted to make better visualizations and a cleaner underlying implementation than I had for my previous articles. I'm quite happy with the way it turned out.
Also in 2013 I used Emscripten to port my old OS/2 game to run in the browser, I spent a month learning signal processing, and finished by writing a page about signal processing concepts and procedural map generation.
In 2014, I wanted to follow the success of 2013 with another topic I knew about and that people would find useful: pathfinding. I started with a tutorial for Tower Defense pathfinding (flow fields), then wrote a longer page about Breadth First Search, Dijkstra's Algorithm, and A*.
One thing that had gone wrong in earlier tutorials was that I explained the theory but not how to implement the algorithms. I had stayed away from implementations because I didn't want to pick a programming language, only to have a different langauge become popular a few years later. I want my pages to last for decades. But at the same time, it was definitely a weakness of my tutorials. I decided to write an implementation guide for the A* page, with both Python and C++ code, as well as a little bit of C#. To make sure that the code I presented on the web page actually ran correctly, I used Emacs Org Mode to write code that would get run during the html export process, and both the source code and its output would be shown on the page. This solved a problem I had with previous pages in which the code on the page would differ slightly from the code I had tested.
My style evolved from "journalist style" to "action movie style". In a James Bond movie, our hero might be falling out of an airplane, fighting the henchman for a parachute. Then the movie switches to Bond talking to their boss about the geopolitical situation in some country. The first scene is exciting but gives no explanation; the second scene is quiet and explains things. The movie alternates between visual-excitement scenes and story-informative scenes until we have a final battle in a secret volcano lair, as exciting as the opening scene, but the viewer now understands the plot and motivations. I now aim to start my tutorials with something cool looking, but without much explanation of how it works. Then I give explanations. Then I give something cool looking again. Then more explanations. Maybe something doesn't work out. Maybe we have to try something different. At the end, there's some demo that's cool, but better because the reader understands the algorithm.
Towards the end of 2014 I went to a workshop that Bret Victor organized to bring people together to talk about interactive documents. It was at this workshop we ended up with the Explorable Explanations page maintained by Nicky Case.
The workshop was absolutely amazing. It inspired me to write up notes on how I write tutorials (draggable markers, A* page). Unfortunately it also paralyzed me when I tried to write new tutorials. I started overthinking everything for a while. When I get stuck on complicated things I find it useful to go back to something simpler. I wrote a quick page about straight lines on a grid.
In 2015, I wanted to try something more ambitious, so I tried procedurally generating downloadable code libraries. I wanted my readers to pick a programming language, formatting style, and hexagonal grid characteristics (offset vs axial, y-up vs y-down, size, skew, etc.), and then my procedural generator would create a downloadable library that implements the hex grid algorithms for their needs. Neat, eh? I wrote a series of blog posts about this (1 - 2 - 3 - 4 - 5 - 6 - 7). I wrote an implementation guide and also generated code for C++, Python, Javascript, C#, Haxe, Java, Typescript, and Lua. I also procedurally generated unit tests for each of those languages and ran all of them as part of the publish process.
I also got a bit distracted working on pathfinding optimizations. I wrote a partial page about differential heuristics (which I think is a fantastic optimization with large speedups from little code) and a partial page about waypoint graphs instead of grids (which I'm less excited about now). 0fps wrote a nice optimized grid pathfinding library; I tried it and it ran A* in a mere 1-3 milliseconds on an 800x800 grid map. Pretty cool. But I didn't understand the algorithm and didn't write a tutorial about it.
I realized at some point that my most successful pages were about problems that I had in a real project, and the least successful pages were about problems that I expected to have in a future project. Curved roads and tracks weren't something I needed for a real project, as I've always used grids in building games. Regular A* was fast enough for all the projects I had worked on, so optimizing it further had never been something I needed to do for a real project. Every time I ventured into a topic where it didn't matter for my own projects, that tutorial failed.
This hit me hard. Over the past three years, half that time was wasted writing things that didn't really work out.
I decided that I needed to work on more real projects. I dug through existing projects to see if there was anything I hadn't written much about, and I found one: simple procedural map generation in 50 lines of code. The rest of 2015 I spent updating my skill set (C++, OpenGL, physics, networking, shaders, distance fields, etc.) instead of tutorials, so that I could work on real projects.
In 2016, I updated some of my existing pages (1 - 2), but lost motivation to work on new tutorials. I tried several times to work on a tutorial about coordinate systems but failed each time. I continued learning things by working on small projects (React.js, SVG, Lua, WebAudio, Pixi.js, neural networks, hexagonal tiling of spheres, stylized map rendering) but I don't have much to show for it. I've worked with game developers on small projects but don't have anything I can share yet.
So that's the past five years.
The first year I worked on small tutorials and learned how to use Javascript, text, and diagrams to build the kinds of explanations I wanted to build. The second year I made the guide to hexagonal grids and a few other things. The third year I made the A* pathfinding tutorial, started adding implementation guides to my pages, and came up with a style I liked for my tutorials. The fourth year I wrote some fun projects but nothing had the impact of my earlier work, and I started to figure out why. The fifth year I learned a lot but lost motivation to write big tutorials.
I'm very happy with what I accomplished during this five year mission. The hexagonal grid guide and the pathfinding tutorial are the best things I've written. I loved exploring the capabilities of the medium. Web articles can be interactive explorations of topics and don't have to be static like magazine and newspapers articles. When I started, very few people wrote interactive essays, and now I see many people writing them. I think we'll see a lot more of them.
I love writing tutorials and I love working with game developers, but 2016 convinced me that I need to change my path. I don't know what's next for me. Will I extend my mission? Will I write my own game? Will I move on to something else? I don't have a plan for 2017.
Update: [2017 Mar] Going to the Game Developers Conference helped convince me that I should spend my time helping people make interactive tutorials. I'm working on two tutorials with other people, I've joined communities of people making interactive tutorials, and I'm also mentoring summer interns who are making interactive diagrams. Thanks for all the support!
The GOP is preparing to dismantle former First Lady Michelle Obama's school lunch program, a move that would be welcome to students tired of eating the watered-down food put forth under the program.
Rep. Mark Meadows (R-NC) released a plan on Wednesday of various regulations and executive orders that need to be repealed within President Donald Trump's first 100 days; among them are parts of the 2010 Healthy Hunger-Free Kids Act that set the stage for Obama to spearhead the Department of Agriculture's regulations tying federal funding for education to stricter nutrition standards.
The problem was that the higher standards resulted in school lunches that didn't really consist of anything substantive. Via Twitchy and Fox News:
All we get for lunch today. Thank you Michelle Obama pic.twitter.com/1rACNXM9aP — Brady Justice (@BradyJustice2) March 12, 2014
@MichelleObama my school lunch while eating with my daughter. Only other choice was a scoop of salad. This is sad! pic.twitter.com/5iPvg2nsAa — Megan Howell (@Howelady) March 14, 2014
In some cases, the food just looked gross:
Had a very #healthylunch today. The apple definitely made up for the "mystery mush" #ThanksMichelleObama pic.twitter.com/RWCnQRCxJK — Hunter Whitney (@huntwhitney4) November 13, 2014
It shouldn't come as a surprise then the number of students who buy school lunches has declined by 1.2 million since the program was implemented and that, according to University of Vermont researchers, "average waste increased from a quarter cup to more than one-third of a cup per tray." Schools have had to forgo the program altogether because the federal funding did not outweigh the costs associated with the program.
In other words, Michelle Obama's school lunch program has only resulted in students eating less food that is eventually wasted in the garbage bin.
Mark Levin once said of former President Barack Obama, "I can't think of anything they touch that doesn't turn to crap." That statement is certainly applicable to Michelle Obama's effect on the school lunch program, and why students will welcome its dismantling.
Follow Aaron Bandler on Twitter @bandlersbanter.
Brandon, MB. — The New Jersey Devils have returned six prospects to their junior clubs, including 18-year old center John Quenneville of the Western Hockey League's Brandon Wheat Kings.
The Devils' first round pick (30th overall) in last June's National Hockey League Draft, Quenneville is expected to arrive in Brandon later today and could be in the Wheat Kings lineup on Friday when they play host to the visiting Saskatoon Blades at Westman Place.
In 61 games with the Wheat Kings last season, the 6'1″ 205 lb Quenneville scored 25 goals and 58 points.
Quenneville's return leaves the Wheat Kings with only two players left at NHL Training Camps – Jayce Hawryluk and Richard Nejezchleb. A second round pick in June's draft, Hawryluk continues to skate with the Florida Panthers while the 20-year old Nejezchleb is with the New York Rangers' American Hockey League affiliate in Hartford.
The Wheat Kings, who swept the Regina Pats in last weekend's season opening home and home series, were 6-2-0 against Saskatoon during the 2013-14 campaign. Brandon will close out the weekend with a game against the Broncos in Swift Current on Saturday.
Tickets to Friday's game are on sale now at the Keystone Centre box office, by calling 726-3555 or online at keystonecentre.com
On this historic day of May 16, 2013, ten sovereign Indigenous nations maintain that the proposed TransCanada/Keystone XL pipeline does not serve the national interest and in fact would be detrimental not only to the collected sovereigns but all future generations on planet earth. This morning the following sovereigns informed the Department of State Tribal Consultation effort at the Hilton Garden Inn in Rapid City, SD, that the gathering was not recognized as a valid consultation on a "nation to nation" level:
Southern Ponca
Pawnee Nation
Nez Perce Nation
And the following Oceti Sakowin (Seven Council Fires People):
Sisseton-Wahpeton Oyate
Ihanktonwan Dakota (Yankton Sioux)
Rosebud Sioux Tribe
Oglala Sioux Tribe
Standing Rock Tribe
Lower Brule Sioux Tribe
Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe
Crow Creek Sioux Tribe
The Great Plains Tribal Chairmans Association supports this position, which is in solidarity with elected leaders, Treaty Councils and the grassroots community, and is guided by spiritual leaders. On Saturday, May 18, the Sacred Pipe Bundle of the Oceti Sakowin will be brought out to pray with the people to stop the KXL pipeline, and other tribal nation prayer circles will gather to do the same.
Pursuant to Executive Order 13175, the above sovereigns directed the DOS to invite President Obama to engage in "true Nation to Nation" consultation with them at the nearest date, at a designated location to be communicated by each of the above sovereigns. After delivering that message, the large contingent of tribal people walked out of the DOS meeting and asked the other tribal people present to support this effort and to leave the meeting. Eventually all remaining tribal representatives and Tribal Historic Preservation Officers left the meeting at the direct urging of the grassroots organization Owe Aku. Owe Aku, Moccasins on the Ground, and Protect the Sacred are preparing communities to resist the Keystone XL pipeline through Keystone Blockade Training.
This unprecedented unity of tribes against the desecration of Ina Maka (Mother Earth) was motivated by the signing on January 25, 2013, of the historic International Treaty to Protect the Sacred Against the Tar Sands. Signatories were the Pawnee Nation, the Ponca Nation, the Ihanktonwan Dakota and the Oglala Lakota. Since then ten First Nations Chiefs in Canada have signed the Treaty to protect themselves against tar sands development in Canada.
The above sovereigns notify President Obama to consult with each of them because of the following:
The nations have had no direct role in identifying and evaluating cultural resources.
The nations question the status of the programmatic agreement and how it may or may not be amended.
The nations are deeply concerned about potential pipeline impacts on natural resources, especially our water: potential spills and leaks, groundwater and surface water contamination.
The nations have no desire to contribute to climate change, to which the pipeline will directly contribute.
The nations recognize that the pipeline will increase environmental injustice, disproportionately impacting native communities.
The nations deplore the environmental impacts of tar sands mining being endured by tribes in Canada. The pipeline would service the tar sands extractive industry.
The nations insist that their treaty rights be respected⎯the pipeline would violate them.
The nations support an energy policy that promotes renewables and efficiency instead of one that features fossil fuels.
The nations regard the consultation process as flawed in favor of corporate interests.
The sovereigns of these nations contend that it is not in America's interest to facilitate and contribute to environmental devastation on the scale caused by the extraction of tar sands in Canada. America would be better served by a comprehensive program to reduce its reliance on oil, and to invest in the development and deployment of sustainable energy technologies, such as electric vehicles that are charged using solar and wind power.
If the Keystone XL pipeline is allowed to be built, TransCanada, a Canadian corporation, would be occupying sacred treaty lands as reserved in the 1851 and 1868 Fort Laramie Treaties. It will be stopped by unified resistance.
Photo
Omaha
DEAR Uncle Sam,
My mother told me to send thank-you notes promptly. I've been remiss.
Let me remind you why I'm writing. Just over two years ago, in September 2008, our country faced an economic meltdown. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, the pillars that supported our mortgage system, had been forced into conservatorship. Several of our largest commercial banks were teetering. One of Wall Street's giant investment banks had gone bankrupt, and the remaining three were poised to follow. A.I.G., the world's most famous insurer, was at death's door.
Many of our largest industrial companies, dependent on commercial paper financing that had disappeared, were weeks away from exhausting their cash resources. Indeed, all of corporate America's dominoes were lined up, ready to topple at lightning speed. My own company, Berkshire Hathaway, might have been the last to fall, but that distinction provided little solace.
Nor was it just business that was in peril: 300 million Americans were in the domino line as well. Just days before, the jobs, income, 401(k)'s and money-market funds of these citizens had seemed secure. Then, virtually overnight, everything began to turn into pumpkins and mice. There was no hiding place. A destructive economic force unlike any seen for generations had been unleashed.
Only one counterforce was available, and that was you, Uncle Sam. Yes, you are often clumsy, even inept. But when businesses and people worldwide race to get liquid, you are the only party with the resources to take the other side of the transaction. And when our citizens are losing trust by the hour in institutions they once revered, only you can restore calm.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
When the crisis struck, I felt you would understand the role you had to play. But you've never been known for speed, and in a meltdown minutes matter. I worried whether the barrage of shattering surprises would disorient you. You would have to improvise solutions on the run, stretch legal boundaries and avoid slowdowns, like Congressional hearings and studies. You would also need to get turf-conscious departments to work together in mounting your counterattack. The challenge was huge, and many people thought you were not up to it.
Yakuza 6 PS4 model and bundle announced for Japan
Due out alongside the game on December 8.
Sony Interactive Entertainment Japan Asia and Sega have announced a Yakuza 6 PlayStation 4 model and bundle for Japan.
The “PlayStation 4 Yakuza 6 Starter Limited Pack,” due out on December 8 for 35,980 yen, will include a 500 gigabyte Jet Black PlayStation 4, a copy of Yakuza 6, and a Yakuza 6 original PlayStation 4 theme.
The “PlayStation 4 Yakuza 6 Edition,” also due out on December 8, will be available in 500 gigabytes and one terabyte options for 33,480 yen and 38,480 yen, respectively. In total, the bundle includes a Jet Black PlayStation 4, a Yakuza 6-style top cover, a Yakuza 6 original PlayStation 4 theme, and Yakuza 6 original design packaging. Pre-orders will begin at the Sony Store on October 26 at 10:00 JST.
Yakuza 6 is due out for PlayStation 4 in Japan on December 8.
Thanks, Games Talk.
Update 9:15 p.m.: We've added official images, via PlayStation Blog Japan (2).
Apple became interested in doing a deal with Beats after executives were impressed by Beats Music, an online music streaming service unveiled earlier this year, which was rapidly converting users into paying subscribers, said a person with knowledge of the talks, who asked not to be identified because the discussions are private.
Music industry veteran Jimmy Iovine is believed to be the primary target in Apple's rumored acquisition of Beats Electronics, but the company also is eyeing Beats' streaming music service and the Beats branded headphone business, reports Bloomberg . Apple likely will assume leadership of the company, but keep the Beats brand independent.Beats co-founder Iovine previously pitched the idea of a streaming music service to both Steve Jobs and Tim Cook, but neither party showed interest until the streaming music service launched earlier this year.Beats Music could fill a gap in Apple's music portfolio, which now offers digital downloads via iTunes and iTunes Radio, a channel-based music streaming service akin to Pandora. Though still a leader in the music download arena, iTunes is losing ground to full-library streaming music services like Spotify, which is poised to overtake iTunes as Europe's largest online digital music service.Besides the music service, Apple also will obtain a high-margin headphone business co-founded by rap musician Dr. Dre, Iovine, and early partner Monster cable. As part of the acquisition, Beats will likely remain an independent brand with Apple providing design improvements for future Beats products.Both Iovine and Dre may take on senior roles at Apple following Apple's acquisition, remaining at Beats' Los Angeles headquarters and traveling to Cupertino when necessary. Iovine is expected to leave their role as chairperson of Interscope Geffen A&M records and use their music industry experience to help Apple secure future deals with music labels.
"Unlike most of the backers, I was fortunate enough to actually use these headphones on the CES Asia show floor. Fear not, backers: they're beautiful, they really work, and they sound pretty good (which is more than we were able to say about the Bragi Dash)." David Kender, Reviewed.com
"For such a small pair of wireless earbuds to produce such a well-rounded sound is an astonishing feat and partly reflected in the relatively high price tag. There are earphones that sound as good for less money but I can't think of any that offer the wire-free experience with such poise and style." - Forbes
“The Apollos feel solidly built, are incredibly small and light, and sound pretty good for their size.” - The Verge ·
“Listening to music and chatting on phone calls is a lot like using everyday headphones in the best way possible.” - TechRadar ·
“The earbuds may look small, but there's a ton of tech inside of them.” - Digital Trends ·
“Certainly one of the more fun aspects of the revolution has been the increasing availability and quality of Bluetooth headphones...If the upcoming Apollo 7 is a gauge, they're certainly something to look forward to.” - Gizmag ·
“Then there's Apollo 7…they may just be the best pair of wireless earbuds on the market..” - TechoBuffalo
True-Wireless Audio - A fairly new category, which many companies have been struggling for some time to bring to market. The problem has been the extreme difficulty in achieving simultaneous synchronization between left and right channels while avoiding sound dropouts and signal interruptions. Here at Erato Audio Technology Ltd., we've spent the last decade perfecting this technology, with the result being 4 proprietary developments that are now patent pending. Considering these accomplishments along with the 2015 Red Dot Award for design, we now believe that we are well poised to proudly bring to market our newest creation - the amazing Apollo 7.
Apollo 7 by Erato Audio is the world's most compact, true-wireless earphone system that also includes a built-in omnidirectional microphone. While traditional earphones can be great in many ways due to their small, compact, size and quality sound, they all have one major drawback – wires. Annoying, cumbersome WIRES!!!
Traditional High Performance Earphones
Technology has progressed over the last decade at astonishing speed and Bluetooth wireless technology has been one of the most evolving categories to-date in the consumer electronics market. The main issue with all of the other “so-called” wireless Bluetooth earphones is that in reality, they ALL still require the use of wires to connect between one earpiece and the other. Current High Performance Bluetooth Earphones Here at Erato Audio, we're dedicated to bringing you a genuine, true-wireless experience. We have made it our mission to deliver the most compact, true-wireless stereo earphones that money can buy, while also addressing the many other shortcomings that commonly plague the majority of wireless earphones in general. Actor Cody Walker shown with Apollo 7 Now you can finally enjoy balanced sound without the constant hassle of tangling wires or dropped music. You'll hear the deepest of lows to the cleanest of highs and full stereo sound without a single wire in sight. Our team has been diligently working with CSR to create the most advanced, Bluetooth 4.1 true-wireless earphones with full audio support for AptX, AAC, and SBC codecs. Mike Klaso, President of Menlo Scientific, an audio consulting firm that designs audio components and electronics for companies such as Monster, Beats, BlueAnt, and more, talks about platform shifting, which is a common issue in many true wireless earphones and does not appear in the Apollo 7.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00 Off
English
Apollo 7 features a newly developed, industry-first micro-driver designed to satisfy even the most demanding audio purist. Three distinctive advantages include A proprietary composite driver diaphragm specifically engineered to ensure solid authoritative bass performance that smoothly transitions up through the clearest of midrange regions and on to highs of amazing crystalline clarity and transparency.
Apollo 7's advanced driver motor-structure. Comprised at its heart of a powerful neodymium magnet for achieving extreme high efficiency, music can be loud while bass remains strong, and yet battery life remains astonishingly long-lived.
Apollo 7 exhibits a very smooth frequency response that's extremely articulate and maintains low distortion levels from the sub 20Hz region to well beyond 20kHz. Apollo 7 Frequency Response The Design Team Leader of Erato Audio, Tom Tsai, has a history of designing award-winning products. While the design for Apollo 7 received the 2015 Red Dot Honourable Mention Award, Tom has also designed more than 10 other award-winning products in the last few years. Among these awards include the Red Dot Award (Germany), the iF Award (Germany), the Good Design Award (Japan), and the Computex D&I Award (Taiwan). As a sign of Tom's commitment to excellence, Apollo 7 has gone through over 9 revisions before becoming the present reality. A number of different designs were created until the final version was complete and ultimately won the Red Dot Honorable Mention Award Handmade sample units we brought to MWC2016 Barcelona and attendees were asked for their feedback Apollo 7 Design won the 2015 Honourable Mention Red Dot Award In order to be considered for a Red Dot Design Award, products must go though the highest standards of evaluation across strict criteria comprising the judging process. Such criteria include: innovation, ergonomics, functionality, durability, quality, ecological compatibility, product periphery, and even symbolic and emotional content. As a 2015 Red Dot Design Honourable Mention recipient, you can be certain that we've done our research and made something truly extraordinary. Minimalistic footprint yet advanced features and sound. Apollo 7 comes standard in 4 different colors, Silver, Gold, Grey, and Rose gold, with a very limited Kickstarter Satin Black Edition. The Kickstarter edition will come with standard accessories, but will be only limited to 200 units globally. Apollo 7 comes in 4 colors: Liquid Silver, Luscious Gold, Mystic Grey, or Rose Gold Satin Black Limited Kickstarter Edition Charging case is powerful, yet compact for everyday carry. Without useful functions, a global design award is pretty much only good for bragging rights. Fortunately, Apollo 7 is able to deliver functions that really matter. With 4 patent-pending functions, the Apollo 7 also claims the first patent-pending, 360-Degree charging circuit capable of allowing users to insert the earpieces into their dedicated charging case for “charge on the go” convenience. Patent Pending 360-Degree Charging Circuit Design Elegantly stored in an aluminum housing that doubles as a stylish travel case, the charging unit has the ability to recharge the Apollo 7 earphones twice before needing to be recharged again itself. The sleek case is includes a simple, one-finger open glide design and is button-free in that it will recharge the earphones whenever they are merely docked within, and then automatically shut off when charging is complete. 1-Finger easy slide opening / closing Lightweight. That's the one word we would use to describe the feel of the earphones in your hands. Either right or left, either Apollo 7 earphone can become the master unit and then paired with the other to deliver full stereo sound. Each earphone weighs just 4 grams, which is actually lighter than 2 US Dimes. Voice Recognition. Apollo 7 works with both Siri and Google Now. Activate it anytime, anywhere. Single Button Design. With a single button you can answer and hang up phone calls, play music, skip tracks, or even change volume easily by tapping, holding, or double-tapping on the button. This intuitive design allows for a minimal footprint, making the Apollo 7 the most compact true-wireless earphones on the market today. Microphone. Unlike most other similar sized earphones on the market today, we integrated a MEMS omnidirectional microphone with an input sensitivity of -42dB (+/- 2dB). This allows for crisp, clear phone calls on demand. Waterproof. Apollo 7 is waterproof. It's coated with a special nano-coating technology that enables the earphones to work even after being submerged in water. Simply wipe dry and you're ready to continue listening to your tunes. You have the freedom of using it under virtually any weather conditions. Sweatproof / waterproof - perfect for fitness in any weather condition. Accessories. The accessories kit comes standard with 3 sets of rubber tips, and 3 sets of Comply Foam Tips: Isolation T-600 (Small, Medium, Large), totaling 6 sets of sizes and feel. It also comes with 3 sets of sport stabilizers to fit different size ears. This ensures the best fit and feel for each individual. Additional Comply Foam Tips can also be purchase from Comply directly for further needs. Apollo 7 Accessories kit comes with 3 rubber sizes (S M L) and 3 Compy foam tips and also 3 sport stabilizers to fit ears of all sizes. Image shown with rubber stabilizers: Photo Credit: Reviewed.com / David Kender Sound Isolation. Comply Foam Tips seals ear canal from environmental distractions with heat activated memory foam that expands to unique ear canal shape, creating a custom secure fit. Comply Foam Tip Specifications:
Small / Medium / Large: 10.67 mm ± 0.65 mm (0.420" ± 0.025")
Diameter at proximal end (end attaching to device): Small: 10.67 mm ± 0.50 mm (0.420" ± 0.020") Medium: 12.45 mm ± 0.50 mm (0.490" ± 0.020") Large: 13.97 mm ± 0.50 mm (0.550" ± 0.020")
Materials: Polyurethane foam, thermoplastic elastomer (all RoHS compliant) Image from Comply Foam Tip Website of the T-600 Bluetooth Profile: Bluetooth 4.1 with A2DP 1.2, AVRCP 1.4, HFP 1.6, HSP 1.2 Support
Bluetooth 4.1 with A2DP 1.2, AVRCP 1.4, HFP 1.6, HSP 1.2 Support Audio Codecs: Full support for aptX, AAC, and SBC codecs.
Full support for aptX, AAC, and SBC codecs. Driver Specifications: Driver Size: Ø 5.8 mm Micro Driver, 100 dB/mW Sensitivity.
Driver Size: Ø 5.8 mm Micro Driver, 100 dB/mW Sensitivity. Frequency: 20Hz ~ 20KHz Impedance (Ohm) @ 1hHz: 16
20Hz ~ 20KHz Impedance (Ohm) @ 1hHz: 16 Microphone: MEMS Omni Directional Type input sensitivity at -42dB (+/- 2dB)
MEMS Omni Directional Type input sensitivity at -42dB (+/- 2dB) Dimensions: Earphone: 15.4mm x 22.2mm Charging Case: 62.5mm x 40mm x 25.5mm
Earphone: 15.4mm x 22.2mm Charging Case: 62.5mm x 40mm x 25.5mm Weight: Earphone: 4g x 2, Case: 52g
Earphone: 4g x 2, Case: 52g Waterproof: Nano coating on the Apollo 7 allows it to be waterproof. Comparison chart between today's true wireless category Erato Wireless Audio Technology LTD owns TM (Taiwan Microelectronics), an advanced audio IC design house. (http://www.taiwanmicro.com.tw) TM holds a very competitive place in the RF IC field and was crucial in developing Apollo 7's wireless audio technology. The team at Erato Wireless Audio Technology has vast experience in developing successful wireless products. Having held executive positions at WYSE, Viewsonic, Vivitek (formerly Luxeon), and ADATA Technology Co., Ltd., Michael Chiu, President of Erato Audio Technology USA, has more than 20 years of experience in manufacturing and business management for the consumer electronics industry. Working together, Michael and Randall Lan founded Erato Wireless Audio Technology in 2015. As cofounder, Randall is focused on RF circuit design research in Silicon Valley and previously founded Monolithic Microwave Integrated Circuit (MMIC) design house in 2003. They specialize in the use of Pseudomorphic High Electron Mobility Transistor (PHEMT) technology in the design of various of RF Switches, as well as a plethora of Multi-Chip Module (MCM) applications in wireless communication systems and system-in-package (SiP) design. Combining Michael and Randall's wireless signal experience along with the direction of Bob Smith, Erato's Senior Audio Engineer, we were able to create the Apollo 7. Bob's background in electronics, audio design and electro-acoustics is extensive, and begins with theirs assisting in the development the world's first 40KW audio amplifier based on Switching Technology in the 1990s. In the early 2000s Bob then launched SP Technology Loudspeakers, Inc., and a bit later, Aether Audio. Both companies developed world-class loudspeaker lines comprising various models ranging from under $3,000 to over $50,000 per pair. While working under the banner of Aether Audio, Bob's obsession for all things audio also led them to direct their focus on the mysteries surrounding the controversial subject of audio cables. Their research first resulted in a provocative white paper and ultimately, a novel device based on somewhat exotic “electron-spin alignment” theory. This curious creation of “covert” technology was shown to actually ameliorate the negative effects of audio cables, so in a bit of jest Bob called it the “Black Box.” Starting in 2009 they then moved on to work with NuForce, Inc., a premium audio headphone and amplifier manufacturer. Together they developed the Black Box technology into a product marketed by NuForce and renamed the “The Magic Cube.” Thereafter Bob also designed several popular NuForce loudspeaker systems including the S1, SX, S8, and S9. Following those designs they were then commissioned to work out the complex issues involved in developing a linear-phase crossover, which became the heart of the highly acclaimed Quad-driver, Balanced Armature (BA) headphones that NuForce continues to market. In addition to all the above, Erato Audio is also working side by side with Mavin Technology, a leading manufacturer of wireless audio products sold globally. From a combination of experienced manufacturing, supply chain management, wireless technology and core audio technology, we're confident that Erato Audio has what it takes to be the premier manufacture of audio products both now and in the future.
If you drove by Gandy Beach or Ben T. Davis Beach Wednesday you probably noticed huge heaps of trash scattered across the sand.
It's a dirty mess costing you thousands of dollars. Every time people leave trash on the beach, cleanup crews are dispatched and the bill comes to FDOT.
“There's beer cans all over the place," Tammy Bonfiglio said as they got out of their van for a day of swimming. The out-of-state visitor couldn't believe their eyes. This wasn't the Gandy Beach they remembered.
“This place used to be so nice years ago when I came down here. Now it's just trash everywhere," they added.
Thousands of glass bottles, hundreds of charred fireworks, scattered shoes, cups and cans littered the sand after a day of Fourth of July festivities.
“It's disgusting," Bonfiglio groaned.
Even a porcelin toilet smashed into a million pieces was left on the sand.
“That's just incredible isn't it. I mean why and how? I have so many questions about why that's even there," Wendy Meehan said looking at the piles of garbage.
It's a frustrating sight for the Audubon volunteer who comes to Gandy Beach frequently to check on nesting shorebirds. Wednesday, the laughing gulls and terns are wading through trash and picking at abandoned food.
“These visitors! They come here and they enjoy the environment. Well, somebody has to take care of it," Meehan exclaimed.
One man's trash is another man's cash. It costs FDOT $15,000 a year to clean up Gandy Beach.
Your tax dollars also go towards cleaning up the Courtney Campbell Causeway where “Keep Tampa Bay Beautiful” volunteers had their work cut out for them Wednesday.
By the end of the morning, 200 volunteers picked up an estimated 200,000 pounds of garbage.
Bonfiglio can't help but think 'wow, what a way to celebrate Independence Day.'
“This is America the Beautiful, let's keep it that way," they said.
FDOT even added several dozen more blue trash cans to the sand near Gandy Beach and Ben T. Davis Beach. Even so, several people left their trash just a few centimeters away from the can on the ground.
"It really ticks me off," Meehan said with angst.
JAMSHEDPUR: Curfew was imposed in the Steel City on Wednesday after group clashes were reported. Earlier, Jamshedpur responded partially to a bandh call given by the Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) on Tuesday demanding arrest of the culprits who sexually harassed a girl. The incident, which took place on Sunday evening, took a communal colour late on Monday night with members of two communities resorting to brick-batting and arson, forcing the police to open fire in the air to disperse the mob.Altogether six FIRs were lodged during the last 24 hours after the clash broke out between two groups at Mango police station area over the incident. As many as 150 people were named accused in the FIRs and 103 people were arrested in connection with the clash, PTI reported.Police said people blocked the Mango-Dimna road near the Hanuman temple in Mango around 11pm demanding arrest of the culprits. By the time police could pacify the agitating crowd and remove the blockade, several people of another community, including some returning from Eid mela at Gandhi Maidan, Mango, gathered at a distance of a few metres from the agitation spot.The situation got tense when some anti-social elements in the crowd raised slogans in support of the particular community demonstrating at the temple. This apparently provoked the crowd on the other side and led to stone-pelting. By the time the police realized the magnitude of the crisis, the situation had almost gone out of control with both sides resorting to stone-pelting, vandalism and arson. Some roadside shops and a lodge were vandalized and a few two-wheelers parked on the roadside were set on fire by the rioters.Six police personnel, including deputy superintendent (headquarter) B N Singh and city DSP Animesh Nathani sustained injuries in the stone-pelting. Police had to fire in the air to disperse the mob.Following three hours of violence, the district administration clamped prohibitory orders under Section 144 in Dhalbhum area early Tuesday morning. “Prohibitory orders have been promulgated to maintain law and order,” said Dhalbhum SDO Alok Kumar, claiming that the situation was now under control. Two civilians were injured in the stone-pelting too, police said. There's no official word if any arrest has been made.As the news of the violence spread on Tuesday morning, several schools closed down before scheduled hours and markets remained shut. Petrol pumps and cinemas halls were also closed through the day. Heavy police deployment was made on the Sakchi-Mango stretch as VHP activists blocked the Jai Prakash Setu on the Subernarekha river in support of their dawn-to-dusk bandh.Sources said a local girl from Daiguttu locality was sexually harassed by a couple of men on Sunday evening while was returning home from a nearby cinema hall after watching Bajrangi Bhaijan. The residents of Daiguttu complained to the local police about the incident, but no action was taken. The sources said that the two men went to Daiguttu with a pistol and threatened the people who complained to the police. This apparently provoked the locals to hit the streets and block the road.VHP functionary Avatar Singh said: “We demand the arrest of the miscreants who harassed the girl.” Security personnel conducted a flag-march in the affected areas and also prevented movement of people in groups in Mango, Azadbasti, Daiguttu, Old Purulia road and in Dimna road. “Situation in Mango is tense but it is under control because of the heavy police deployment,” said a senior police officer.Earlier on Tuesday, rioters tried to vandalize a mosque in Mango's Munsi Mohallah, but were thwarted by the police. Apart from the district police, JAP and RAF personnel are also overseeing law and order situation in the town under the supervision of SSP Anoop T Mathew.Reports of scuffle between the bandh activists and those opposing it came from several police station areas. “Anti-social elements bent on disturbing communal peace are behind the flare-up,” said state Congress leader SRA Rizvi Chabban, demanding stern action against rioters. District education officer Indra Bhushan Singh said: “In the wake of tense law and order situation all educational institutions in the city area will remain closed on Wednesday.”
Lewis Hamilton suspects Ferrari has made a good step with its upgraded turbocharger at the Canadian Grand Prix after Sebastian Vettel split the two Mercedes in Friday practice.
Hamilton was fastest in second practice at Montreal, with Vettel 0.257s behind in second place and Nico Rosberg a further 0.269s adrift in third. Hamilton wasn't sure why their team-mate struggled so much but said Ferrari's pace looks genuine.
"It looks like today Nico didn't have the pace but I think on the long run they looked like they were OK," Hamilton said. "But the Ferraris look very quick. I think they've got a new turbo so I think they've picked up their pace in a straight line. Whether or not they've turned their engine up to test that, I assume they probably have.
"But we will see tomorrow I guess. Hopefully we're going to have a bit of a race here. These tyres, the supersoft wears out a little bit more than the rest but the tyres aren't particularly that soft so I don't think it's going to be a particularly challenging race if it stays dry in terms of looking after the tyres."
Asked about Red Bull's apparent lack of pace after both Max Verstappen and Daniel Ricciardo were over 0.9s off their time, Hamilton added: "I don't know if it's normality, I think Red Bull are still there. I don't know how they're doing, I'm sure they've got time to improve. It's practice day so I don't really know what to say about it."
It's a long standing contention of mine that one of the reasons for slowing economic growth in recent decades has been the morass of regulation that deters people from doing anything new: doing something new being one of those definitions of economic growth of course. At which point we get this gobsmacking story from California:
At San Francisco International Airport, they're arresting car drivers for ride-sharing. Police officers approach the cars and start asking questions, and then, a few minutes later, airport officials arrive with the arrest papers. The problem is that these drivers are offering rides through ride-sharing companies such as Uber and Lyft, using cars that aren't certified as taxis or limos and thus not meeting the airport's regulations for who can provide paid pickup and drop-off. So far, according to SFO spokesperson Doug Yakel, eleven Uber drivers and one Lyft driver have been cited for misdemeanor unlawful trespassing. “We're certainly open to new business concepts, but not at the expense of safety,” Yakel says.
The two services, Lyft and (this part of) Uber are simply electronic methods of hitching a ride. That electronic thumb replacing the one waving by the side of the road. That's it, really, that's all they are: and yet airport authorities are arresting people for doing this?
We could of course take them seriously, at their word, that this is all about safety, but why bother to do that when we can look at the larger picture? Which is that every taxi company and commission in the country has been desperately searching for a reason not to allow these services to operate. Even when they do allow it, it's only after 18 months or so of procrastination.
And it is this that I am certain is contributing to our inability to have nice things. We've simply set the rules up so that too much protection is being given to the incumbents in any area of the economy and not enough room being left for those who would disrupt by doing things in a different manner. We need to recall that there are two ways to get economic growth: the first is by doing entirely new things that expand consumption opportunities. The second is to do old things in a new manner, more efficiently, thus freeing up resources that can be used to do either new things or just more things. And it's that second method of growth that I fear is getting kyboshed by the regulatory state. Those who currently do things the old way have too much power to prevent the new methods from becoming established. It's that, as I've said many a time before, we're not allowing enough of the destruction that is part of capitalism's creative destruction.
As if trying to pull meaning out of the medical literature weren't difficult enough as it is, a new study demonstrates yet another obstacle to easy understanding: the adherer effect.
We've all seen the headlines. Statins improve bone health. Statins prevent cancer. Statins make us smarter. Low-fat diets improve longevity. All these headlines and others like them are followed by articles describing studies seeming to show that subjects taking certain medications (usually statin drugs, it seems) or following a particular diet have improvements in health and/or longevity. The promise of these articles is that if we all take the medication or follow the lifestyle choice, we, too, will reduce our risk of [fill in the blank] or live longer. But will we?
Maybe so. But not for the reason most people think.
The adherer effect demonstrates that people who adhere to medical or lifestyle regimens end up with better outcomes than those who don't…even if the regimens are nothing but placebo.
I mentioned this phenomenon in an earlier post.
Almost thirty years ago a study was published in the New England Journal of Medicine looking at this very idea. [The adherer effect] The study that inspired the article didn't start out looking at this idea, but one of the investigators noted a key piece of the data and published on it. The study was looking at clofibrate, a pre-statin cholesterol lowering drug, and all cause mortality. Subjects were randomized into two groups – those in one group got the drug, those in the other got the placebo. After the subjects were on either the drug or the placebo for five years, researchers calculated the mortality from the number of deaths in each group. Turned out that the five-year mortality of those on clofibrate was 20.0 percent whereas the five-year mortality of those on the placebo was 20.9 percent, or essentially the same. Taking the drug was no different than taking the placebo, i.e., the drug was worthless. Had one of the researchers not looked a little closer, that would have been the end of the story. When the data were looked at from the perspective of how many people actually took the drug as prescribed, the researcher discovered that those subjects who took at least 80 percent or more of their clofibrate had a five year mortality of only 15.0 percent, substantially less than the overall five-year mortality. Those who took their clofibrate sporadically had a five-year mortality of 24.6 percent, significantly higher than those who took it as directed, a piece of data that would seem to confirm the efficacy of clofibrate. Right? Not necessarily. Let's look at compliance with the placebo. Turns out that those subjects on the placebo who regularly took their placebo had a five-year mortality of 15.1 percent while those who took their placebo sporadically had a five-year mortality of 28.3 percent. What this study really showed was that there is something intrinsic to people who religiously take their medicine that makes them live longer. There was no difference between the drug and placebo in either those who took them regularly or those who took them sporadically, but there was a huge difference in mortality between those who took either drug or placebo on schedule and those who didn't.
Gary Taubes discussed this same study and the adherer effect in a long article they wrote for the New York Times Magazine a few years ago:
A still more subtle component of healthy-user bias has to be confronted. This is the compliance or adherer effect. Quite simply, people who comply with their doctors' orders when given a prescription are different and healthier than people who don't. This difference may be ultimately unquantifiable. The compliance effect is another plausible explanation for many of the beneficial associations that epidemiologists commonly report, which means this alone is a reason to wonder if much of what we hear about what constitutes a healthful diet and lifestyle is misconceived. The lesson comes from an ambitious clinical trial called the Coronary Drug Project that set out in the 1970s to test whether any of five different drugs might prevent heart attacks. The subjects were some 8,500 middle-aged men with established heart problems. Two-thirds of them were randomly assigned to take one of the five drugs and the other third a placebo. Because one of the drugs, clofibrate, lowered cholesterol levels, the researchers had high hopes that it would ward off heart disease. But when the results were tabulated after five years, clofibrate showed no beneficial effect. The researchers then considered the possibility that clofibrate appeared to fail only because the subjects failed to faithfully take their prescriptions. As it turned out, those men who said they took more than 80 percent of the pills prescribed fared substantially better than those who didn't. Only 15 percent of these faithful “adherers” died, compared with almost 25 percent of what the project researchers called “poor adherers.” This might have been taken as reason to believe that clofibrate actually did cut heart-disease deaths almost by half, but then the researchers looked at those men who faithfully took their placebos. And those men, too, seemed to benefit from adhering closely to their prescription: only 15 percent of them died compared with 28 percent who were less conscientious. “So faithfully taking the placebo cuts the death rate by a factor of two,” says David Freedman, a professor of statistics at the University of California, Berkeley. “How can this be? Well, people who take their placebo regularly are just different than the others. The rest is a little speculative. Maybe they take better care of themselves in general. But this compliance effect is quite a big effect.”
In the same blog post of mine I linked to above, I wrote about another study showing the adherer effect, showing graphically how potent the phenomenon is.
Previously, the study of the adherer effect has been a secondary finding in studies of various drug regimens, but now comes a paper in which the adherer effect is the primary focus of the investigation. Based on the data in this recent paper, the effect is robust and should be accounted for in the analysis of any data generated when subjects following a particular treatment are compared to those who don't.
The authors lay out the problem:
The healthy-user effect [the adherer effect] is a hypothetical source of confounding bias that is thought to affect observational studies of drugs, diets, screening procedures, and other health-related behaviors. This bias presumes that patients who initiate and adhere to preventive therapies are more likely to engage in behaviors consistent with a healthy lifestyle than are patients who do not initiate or adhere to such treatments. Aspects of a healthy lifestyle could include diet, exercise, moderation of alcohol, and avoidance of risky behaviors. These characteristics, which are unmeasured in typical pharmacoepidemiological databases, may be associated with morbidity and mortality outcomes in observational studies. Thus, failure to adjust for them can lead to bias in studies of preventive therapies. The healthy-user bias has been suggested as an explanation for the discrepancy between several experimental and observational studies, including studies of the effects of long-term use of estrogen therapy and vitamin E. It has also been discussed as a potential source of bias in observational studies of the effectiveness of influenza vaccines in the elderly and the association between use of 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl coenzyme A reductase inhibitor (statins) and reduced risk of hip fracture, Alzheimer disease, sepsis, cancer, and mortality. This bias has also been observed in randomized controlled trials in which adherence to placebo was found to be associated with decreased mortality. Although long suspected as a source of bias, a paucity of empirical data exists on the healthy-user effect.
Here's how the study was set up.
It was really pretty simple. The researchers looked at a group of patients who had been prescribed one of a variety of statin drugs and followed their compliance by looking at how many times these subjects picked up their medicines in the year following their prescription. The typical statin prescription was for 60 days worth of the medication, and all subjects had available to them a full year's worth of medicines. The researchers grouped subjects into two groups: one group who took the trouble to go get over 120 days worth of the medication (the “more adherent”) and one group of subjects who were dispensed under 120 days of meds (the “less adherent”).
All subjects entered into the study were evaluated after the one year baseline study period during which their effort to follow their prescribed statin regimen sorted them into the categories of more adherent or less adherent. The researchers were looking to see which subjects – the adherers or the non-adherers – would develop problems that had nothing to do with the statin drugs.
We evaluated a spectrum of events after the 1-year baseline period to assess the healthy-adherer bias. The outcomes were grouped into 4 broad categories: accident events, screening events, other events not expected to be associated with statin exposure, and other events for which a possible association with statin exposure could be expected. We included inpatient and outpatient events as well as primary and secondary diagnoses. When the data on these 141,086 subjects was crunched, it turned out that the more adherent subjects had significantly fewer accidents, especially motor vehicle and workplace accidents. The more adherent also had a lower likelihood of developing other disorders that were not likely to be attributed to the effect of the statin drugs.
In other words, whatever characteristic it was that made subjects hang in there with their statin prescriptions also made them less likely to indulge in risky behaviors and less likely to develop all kinds of medical problems. Why? Probably because these people were simply more health conscious, kept themselves in better shape, and didn't act impulsively.
The real take-home message from this study is that the adherer effect significantly affects the outcome of drug and lifestyle intervention studies. If you see a study that says those subjects using statin drugs developed 20 percent fewer problems (of whatever kind are being studied) than those who don't use statins, you can be sure that the adherer effect is at work. This adherer effect is why randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies are needed to determine the efficacy of any drug, and even then the adherer effect should be controlled for.
There is a big note, enclosed in a box and titled Clinical Perspective, at the end of this study that exhorts doctors to consider this adherer effect when looking at data from observational studies. Here is the note in full.
Clinicians need to read observational studies reporting surprising benefits of drug therapy with a healthy skepticism. Observational studies of preventive medications and health behaviors are susceptible to various sources of bias, including the so-called healthy-user and healthy-adherer biases. In this article, evidence of the healthy-adherer effect is demonstrated by showing that adherence to statins is associated with a reduction in the risk of accidents (eg, workplace or motor vehicle), outcomes that would not be expected to be affected by a statin. The approximate magnitude of the adherer effect was a 15% relative risk reduction. The most likely explanation for this association is that good adherence to statin therapy is a marker for other healthy behaviors, most of which cannot be accounted for in this type of study. In keeping with this explanation, the study also shows that adherence predicts a 7% to 17% increased incidence of medical screening procedures (eg, fecal occult blood testing, mammography). Risk of myocardial infarction, which has been demonstrated to be reduced by statin therapy in randomized placebo-controlled trials, was found in this study to be reduced by 28%. This observed relative reduction must be interpreted as reflecting a combination of the healthy-adherer effect and the drug effect. Clinicians can also learn from this study that patients who follow their advice are also likely to have other healthy behaviors and a lower risk of adverse events.
It is unfortunate, but I doubt that many doctors (or researchers, for that matter) will consider the adherer effect when they read these studies. I would bet that we will continue to see studies reported as if the positive effects found were a function of the drug or lifestyle regimen studied and not the adherer effect.
To me the saddest part of this study was the statistic that of the 141,086 subjects in this study, 49 percent were women. The randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies of statins have never shown a benefit in terms of decreased all-cause mortality in women of any age. Which means that over 70,000 women in this study took a drug that would do them no good, but which could well cause them significant and harmful side effects.
In this study, those who dropped out of their statin regimen because of intolerable side effects would be considered to be less adherent or non adherers. My guess is that many of these ‘non adherers' who dropped out because of side effects were really ‘adherers' by nature. Had these drop outs due to side effects been controlled for, I would bet that the difference between the less adherent and the more adherent would have been much larger than the data showed.
With the federal election barely seven weeks away, most polls indicate Canada is heading towards a minority government. While opinion surveys show the NDP in the lead, the ruling Conservatives are still widely predicted at this stage to win the most seats, given how each parties' bases of voter support fall. That would mean Stephen Harper will remain prime minister after the Oct. 19 election.
Ontario NDP Leader Bob Rae (left) and Premier David Peterson during a leaders' debate in August, 1990. ( Hans Deryk / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
In that happens, what will the NDP and Liberals do? Will Tom Mulcair and Justin Trudeau put aside their differences and work together to defeat the Harper government in Parliament at the first possible chance? Once Harper loses a crucial non-confidence vote on the speech from the throne or the budget, they would be forced to ask Gov.-Gen. David Johnston to dissolve Parliament and call another election. But Johnston could ask the leader of the second-place party if they could form a government.
Article Continued Below
And that's when it becomes tricky for Mulcair and Trudeau. Most political pundits are promoting the idea that the NDP and Liberals would form a coalition government, with MPs from both parties serving as cabinet ministers. It's an easy scenario to paint, but the reality is that it's fraught with pitfalls, jealousies and potential public resistance. In addition, Trudeau says they have no interest in a coalition and Mulcair doesn't have very much more enthusiasm. Back in late 2008, the Liberals and NDP actually tried to form a coalition and defeat the Harper minority. The Bloc Québécois, although not a formal partner in the coalition, agreed not to introduce any non-confidence motions until the agreement expired. Harper accused the NDP and Liberals of entering an “unholy alliance” with the separatist Bloc. Most Canadians were also uncomfortable with the notion that the Bloc would help prop up the coalition. The Liberals later abandoned the idea altogether.
Today, the Bloc is no longer a force, but Harper would still likely attack the idea of an “unholy, undemocratic alliance” between the opposition parties. Rather than trying to form a troublesome coalition, though, the best way for the NDP and Liberals to oust Harper would be to work together under a written accord with a two-year expiration date.
Article Continued Below
Such an accord would offer the governor-general the ideal argument for allowing the second-place party to govern rather than opting for a quick, costly election. Also, the agreement would allow both the NDP and Liberals to push through legislation they favour, provide a stable political environment for several years and avoid an early election for which both parties would be ill-prepared when it came to money. To see how such an accord can work, voters only need to look at the 1985 “Liberal-NDP Accord” in Ontario. On May 2, 1985, the Ontario Conservatives under new leader Frank Miller won 52 seats in the provincial election, enough for a minority government. The Liberals under David Peterson won 48 seats and the NDP under Bob Rae won 25 seats. Just days after the election, Peterson and Rae signed the accord in which the NDP vowed to support a Liberal government for two years and the Liberals promised to introduce policies Rae wanted to implement, notably pay equity and a ban on extra billing by doctors. In mid-June, the Liberals and NDP defeated the Tories on a non-confidence vote. Miller met with Lt.-Gov. John Aird, reportedly to ask for a new election. But Aird opted to ask Peterson to form a government. It took just eight days between the defeat of Miller's government and Peterson being sworn in as premier. The two-year accord was declared a success by Liberal and NDP politicians, as well as business and community leaders. Two years later when the accord expired, Peterson called an election in which the Liberals easily won a majority government. If the current election ends up in a minority Conservative government, the NDP and Liberals should copy the lessons from the 1985 Ontario accord experience – and unceremoniously boot Harper out of the Prime Minister's Office the first chance they get. Bob Hepburn's column appears Sunday. bhepburn@thestar.ca
Read more about:
A flash mob of over 100 gay “barbarians” descended on Marcus Bachmann's clinic Thursday morning.
A local actor posing as Marcus Bachmann was “baptized” with glitter after dancing with the barbarians to Lady Gaga's “Born This Way.”
“Let's be clear: Marcus Bachmann is the practitioner of an unhealthy, unscientific and dangerous practice,” event organizer Nick Espinosa told Columbus Go Home.
“The American people have a right to know: does the Bachmann family profit from bogus ‘gay reparative therapy' or not,” they added. “The medical evidence against the practice aside, the Bachmann's subversive marginalization of the LGBT community is despicable.”
In July, a smaller group threw glitter in the lobby of the clinic after staffers said that Bachmann was not available.
The LGBT activists were inspired by Bachmann's claim that homosexuals are “barbarians” who “need to be disciplined.”
Watch this video, uploaded to YouTube Aug. 25, 2011.
(H/T: Political Carnival)
Bandai Namco debut at No1 on the Entertainment Software All Prices Top 40 (Units) with ‘Tekken 7' (across PS4/Xbox One/PC), a first Tekken series No1 debut since ‘Tekken 3' on PS1 back in week 37, 1998. The last outing for Tekken was ‘Tekken Tag Tournament 2' in week 37, 2012 (debuted at No2 behind Square Enix's ‘Sleeping Dogs') and the last outing in the main series was ‘Tekken 6' which debuted at No8 in week 44, 2009 (new No1/No2 that week were ‘Football Manager 2010' and ‘Wii Fit Plus').
Activision's ‘Overwatch' continues a massive sales spike thanks to price promotion, remaining at No2 and Warner's ‘Injustice 2' drops to No3 after 2 weeks at the top. Also debuting this week is Ubisoft's PS VR experience ‘Star Trek: Bridge Crew' at No16 and Milestone's ‘MXGP 3' at No22.
GfK are also pleased to announce the addition of 2 retailers as of week 22, 2017 – Dixons Carphone and Gameseek. For full details on these additions please contact Sam.
Top 40 Entertainment Software (All Prices) Week 22 Year 2017
Ending 3rd June
LW TW Title Age Rating Publisher 1 TEKKEN 7 PEGI 16+ BANDAI NAMCO ENTERTAINMENT 2 2 OVERWATCH PEGI 12+ BLIZZARD 1 3 INJUSTICE 2 PEGI 16+ WARNER BROS. INTERACTIVE 3 4 GRAND THEFT AUTO V PEGI 18+ ROCKSTAR 4 5 FIFA 17 PEGI 3+ EA SPORTS 5 6 PREY PEGI 18+ BETHESDA SOFTWORKS 7 7 TOM CLANCY'S GHOST RECON: WILDLANDS PEGI 18+ UBISOFT 12 8 HORIZON ZERO DAWN PEGI 16+ SONY COMPUTER ENT. 13 9 ROCKET LEAGUE PEGI 3+ 505 GAMES 6 10 MARIO KART 8 DELUXE PEGI 3+ NINTENDO 8 11 DISHONORED 2 PEGI 18+ BETHESDA SOFTWORKS 14 12 LEGO WORLDS PEGI 7+ WARNER BROS. INTERACTIVE 15 13 CALL OF DUTY: INFINITE WARFARE PEGI 18+ ACTIVISION 11 14 GEARS OF WAR 4 PEGI 18+ MICROSOFT 9 15 THE LEGEND OF ZELDA: BREATH OF THE WILD PEGI 12+ NINTENDO 16-STAR TREK: BRIDGE CREW PEGI 7+ UBISOFT 16 17 LEGO CITY UNDERCOVER PEGI 7+ WARNER BROS. INTERACTIVE 17 18 FORZA HORIZON 3 PEGI 3+ MICROSOFT 33 19 HITMAN: THE COMPLETE FIRST SEASON PEGI 18+ SQUARE ENIX 20 PLAYSTATION VR WORLDS PEGI 16+ SONY COMPUTER ENT. 24 21 BATTLEFIELD 1 PEGI 18+ EA GAMES 22 MXGP 3: THE OFFICIAL MOTOCROSS VIDEOGAME PEGI 3+ MILESTONE 23 23 MASS EFFECT: ANDROMEDA PEGI 16+ EA GAMES 21 24 RESIDENT EVIL 7: BIOHAZARD PEGI 18+ CAPCOM 25 25 TOM CLANCY'S RAINBOW 6: SIEGE PEGI 18+ UBISOFT 18 26 HALO 5: GUARDIANS PEGI 16+ MICROSOFT 32 27 WWE 2K17 PEGI 16+ 2K 28 28 MINECRAFT: XBOX EDITION PEGI 7+ MICROSOFT 29 29 SNIPER: GHOST WARRIOR 3 PEGI 18+ CI GAMES 19 30 FARPOINT PEGI 16+ SONY COMPUTER ENT. 35 31 SNIPER ELITE 4 PEGI 16+ SOLD OUT SALES & MARKETING 39 32 MAFIA III PEGI 18+ 2K 20 33 FOR HONOR PEGI 18+ UBISOFT 10 34 ULTRA STREET FIGHTER II PEGI 12+ CAPCOM 34 35 THE ELDER SCROLLS V: SKYRIM SPECIAL ED. PEGI 18+ BETHESDA SOFTWORKS 36 MINECRAFT: PLAYSTATION EDITION PEGI 7+ SONY COMPUTER ENT. 37 FARMING SIMULATOR 17 PEGI 3+ FOCUS HOME INTERACTIVE 38 THE WITCHER III: WILD HUNT GOTY EDITION PEGI 18+ BANDAI NAMCO ENTERTAINMENT 40 39 LEGO STAR WARS: THE FORCE AWAKENS PEGI 7+ WARNER BROS. INTERACTIVE 37 40 TOM CLANCY'S THE DIVISION PEGI 18+ UBISOFT
Ukie Games Charts ©, compiled by GfK
Of all the hazards facing humankind, climate change is the single greatest threat we have ever faced. In a few short decades, we have altered the climate more than we ever thought possible and now, in the midst of the greatest heatwave recorded in decades in the hottest year on record, we are finally beginning to countenance the scale of problem before us.
The poorest of the poor have been the first to suffer – droughts and food shortages are already imperilling the lives of countless millions, with ensuing conflicts threatening even more. We have rendered some areas uninhabitable, and the number of climate refugees will only increase. Even we privileged folk in the western world are no longer immune, with the dangers steadily encroaching.
The vast majority of the carbon and greenhouse gases we spew into the atmosphere are generated by our need for energy, prompting the late Prof Sir David MacKay to observe that “the climate problem is mostly an energy problem”. Clearly then, we must reduce our carbon emissions drastically, and it is likely that nuclear power will play a substantial role in this endeavour. Yet despite the pressing nature of the problem, there are few topics as consistently contentious as the one of nuclear power, and the long history of opposition to it cannot be ignored.
How colour-changing cats might warn future humans of radioactive waste Read more
Fears about nuclear energy run deep: the 1986 Chernobyl disaster remains a towering linchpin in anti-nuclear narratives, presented as an irrefutable case that nuclear energy is inherently unsafe. These claims are so profoundly entrenched that it is almost accepted as common knowledge that the Chernobyl disaster killed thousands.
Yet, as I've written here before, these claims do not stand up to scrutiny and persist in the face of report after report to the contrary. Years of subsequent investigation place the death toll of the disaster at approximately 43 people, with deleterious health effects failing to materialise at any appreciable rate. That this information is surprising to many is indicative of quite how polarised the discussion on such a vital topic has been.
Much of the reason for this is ideological – Greenpeace is but one organisation that has been criticised for releasing misleading anti-nuclear information, claiming that up to 200,000 deaths are attributable to Chernobyl. This figure has been roundly debunked, but predictably strikes fear into the public conscience, encouraging panic in place of reason.
The more recent 2011 Fukushima disaster has been become a similar focus for nuclear panic, despite the fact that no one has died nor is ever likely to from this event. The spectre of the plant looms so large in the public consciousness that we have seemingly forgotten that the cause of the meltdown was a massive tsunami that claimed about 16,000 lives, itself potentially exacerbated by climate change. There is a dark irony then in the fact that the ensuing kneejerk reaction led to the closure of Germany's nuclear plants and their replacement with heavily polluting coal plants.
Some of this is undoubtedly due to the legacy of the cold war, where the US and the USSR built nuclear weapons of unimaginable destruction, aiming them at one another and edging the entire world to the brink of nuclear Armageddon. Indeed, the list of close calls shows just how close we came to mass destruction, and makes for terrifying reading. That the spectre of the cold war still haunts our discussions on the topic is completely understandable, even though nuclear energy and nuclear weapons operate on entirely different principles.
Yet simply dismissing concerns about nuclear energy as unfounded is not productive, nor is it honest. Nuclear energy may be the most efficient and clean source we have, but it is complicated and like any energy source, it is not devoid of complications. Nuclear waste is one aspect of this – nuclear byproducts and legacy waste can remain radioactive for centuries, and have to be carefully stored and managed to avoid any potential contamination. And while the risk to human health is generally low to nonexistent, safely storing such materials is a challenging engineering problem and legitimate concern. These challenges are not insurmountable, but nor should they be glossed over.
Nor should we ignore that due to the complexities of nuclear power, precautions must be taken to avoid detrimental impacts in the event of an accident or issue. As a precaution after the Chernobyl disaster, 115,000 people were evacuated from their homes. Quite aside from the psychological trauma of such an exodus, their continued use as pawns in emotive narratives continues to do damage – the WHO in 2005 noted that “designation of the affected population as ‘victims' rather than ‘survivors' has led them to perceive themselves as helpless, weak and lacking control over their future. This ... has led either to overcautious behaviour and exaggerated health concerns, or to reckless conduct.”
Cost is another factor that must be considered, and while supremely efficient and clean, building nuclear plants is an expensive and difficult undertaking, and a variety of different technologies exist with different advantages and disadvantages.
Who'd want to dump Australia's nuclear waste here? Well, this guy Read more
Clearly then, we urgently need a nuanced discussion on our energy future to stave off the worst ravages of climate change. Yet too often this falls at the first hurdle; with old battle-lines long drawn, nuclear advocates and opponents hold their own courts, talking only to their own side and dismissing the criticism and concerns of the other.
These echo chambers may be comforting, but they are ultimately detrimental to our collective wellbeing. With the chaos of climate change on our doorstep, it has never been more imperative that we make informed decisions about how best to power our world. For progress to occur, both sides need to heed each other and have an honest conversation about the advantages and risks of all forms of energy production.
More than this, access to impartial information is vital. Misunderstandings are frequent, and confound discussion. It is a sad reality that hyper-partisan sources have come to dominate our social media spheres. As flattering as these might be to our ideological preconceptions, the reality is that they are damaging to our understanding and poison productive discussion. Unbiased information is of paramount importance – this is why the newest guide by Sense About Science, Making Sense of Nuclear (full disclaimer: I contributed feedback to the guide in question) is an extremely useful addition to navigating the controversy and confusion surrounding the issue.
In the words of Sense About Science: “This guide is not about promoting nuclear as the route to a low-carbon energy system. It isn't the broad look at energy generation that would help you decide if nuclear power is suitable in any given situation. But none of us wants to make decisions based on outdated information. So it is an exploration of what seems to have changed and to have changed minds.”
This is a laudable goal, and this conversation has never been more important. Whatever options we choose must be rooted in best evidence, and appropriate for our needs, whether they be renewables, nuclear energy or a combination of both. Despite the critical threat posed by climate change, it is still under-discussed but ignored at our peril. If we are to avert disaster, we need to have an honest and informed discussion about how to power our world and save our environment – before it's too late.
TAMPA, Fla. -- Tampa Mayor Bob Buckhorn spoke clearly on what they think should happen to the Seminole Heights murder suspect if the evidence against them is proven.
"If they are found to be guilty, they should die. It's that simple."
Buckhorn, joined with Tampa Police Chief Brian Dugan, disclosed few new details Wednesday, Nov. 29, in their case against Howell Emanuel Donaldson III, who is accused of gunning down four people in Seminole Heights since mid-October.
Florida State Attorney Andrew Warren is tasked with deciding whether to pursue the death penalty against Donaldson.
The 24-year-old admitted to owning the gun police say was used in each shooting death but not to the murders.
And while Donaldson's arrest Tuesday, Nov. 28, apparently means people across Tampa Bay and specifically in the Seminole Heights neighborhood can rest easy, investigators aren't yet there in figuring out exactly why the suspect killed theirs victims.
More: Who is the Seminole Heights murder suspect?
Dugan said police are "100 percent" confident they have the right person and that the evidence against them leads to a conviction.
Watch: Tampa police arrest 24-year-old suspect in 4 Seminole Heights murders
The police affidavit -- filled with detail police are using to link Donaldson to the murders -- shows a Smith and Wesson .40-caliber handgun was taken from him; the same ammunition was found at each of the murder scenes.
Officers found clothing in Donaldson's car that was similar in appearance to the clothing worn by the person in earlier surveillance footage from the neighborhood, the documents read. They, too, had what appeared to be blood on the clothing.
This is a developing story, check back for updates.
►Make it easy to keep up-to-date with more stories like this. Download the 10 News app now.
Have a news tip? Email desk@wtsp.com, or visit our Facebook page or Twitter feed.
On Monday ,Washington United for Marriage will officially launch. According to their Facebook page, “Washington United for Marriage is a coalition of organizations, congregations, unions, and businesses working together to secure civil marriage for loving, committed gay and lesbian couples.”
The Seattle Times reports, legislators hope to pass a civil marriage bill through the Washington State legislature in 2012:
“We're going to push it,” said state Sen. Ed Murray, D-Seattle, a gay lawmaker from the 43rd district and a leader in the marriage effort. “I believe 2012 is the best chance we've ever had to make marriage equality a reality.”
It is going to take all of us who support civil marriage for loving and committed gay and lesbian couples to make sure our representatives understand how important it is to us that they pass this bill. According to the Seattle Times:
Democrats hold a 27-22 majority in the state Senate and a 56-42 advantage in the state House. But some conservative Democrats in the state Senate have voted with Republicans when it comes to extending rights to same-sex couples. That means some gay-rights supporters will have to sway some suburban Republicans to their cause. “We cannot win with just Democrats,” Murray said.
On Monday, supporters of civil marriage will officially launch their coalition campaign, Washington United for Marriage, at a press conference in Bellevue. There are already ways for people to get involved with the campaign. On Monday night, Equal Rights Washington is asking volunteers to join them for an important phone bank.
Supporters are also encouraged to “like” and share the official Washington United for Marriage Facebook page. Their Facebook page grew by more than 100 fans per hour Sunday afternoon as supporters of civil marriage for loving gay and lesbian couples shared and re-shared the page on their Facebook pages. You can also connect with the campaign on Twitter @WA4Marriage and you can follow all campaign related tweets at the hash-tag #WA4M.
Most importantly, loving gay and lesbian couples, and their friends and family, need to share their personal stories about why civil marriage for gays and lesbians is important to them. I know my partner of nearly 8 years and I can not wait until the day we can legally wed in Washington State. We love each other, and are committed to each other. We are ready to make the commitment only marriage can provide.
Like thousands of other people in this state, I am ready to do everything possible to help to love and committed couples like us realize the simple dream of marriage. I hope you are too.
SAN DIEGO -- The struggling San Diego Padres have fired general manager Josh Byrnes.
Editor's Picks More from ESPN.com Canning a GM inside of three seasons on the job? A classic "Boss" move for a team that may not know where it's going, writes Christina Kahrl.
More from ESPN.com San Diego has a solid system, but it was one Josh Byrnes largely inherited. And a series of trades and contracts that no longer look good made their demise inevitable, writes Keith Law. 1 Related
The team announced the dismissal in a release Sunday, just minutes before the Padres were to face the Los Angeles Dodgers.
Padres president and CEO Mike Dee said in the statement the team will begin a search for a new GM immediately. In the interim, senior vice president for baseball operations Omar Minaya and assistant general managers AJ Hinch and Fred Uhlman, Jr. will share Byrnes' role.
Minaya was the general manager of the New York Mets from 2005-10.
"This ownership group is committed to fielding a team that consistently competes for postseason play," Dee said. "Thus far this season, the results on the field have been mixed at best and clearly have not lived up to expectations. After a lengthy evaluation of every facet of our baseball operations, we have decided to make this change today."
The Padres fired GM Josh Byrnes. San Diego finished 76-86 in each of Byrnes' first two seasons. Christopher Hanewinckel/USA TODAY Sports
Byrnes was hired by the Padres as their senior vice president for baseball operations in December 2010 after they were let go as general manager of the Arizona Diamondbacks, where they were in the middle of an eight-year deal. They were promoted 10 months later to GM and was given a five-year contract.
Under Byrnes, the Padres payroll increased nearly $40 million to $89,881,696 on Opening Day this season -- 23rd overall -- but the team has made little progress.
After finishing with 76-86 records in their first two seasons, the Padres are 32-43 and 12½ games back in the NL West during an injury-plagued season.
Byrnes was touted by the Padres as excelling at scouting and player development, but their biggest moves came through trades. They sent first-base prospect Anthony Rizzo to the Cubs for top-line starter Andrew Cashner, and they dealt starting pitcher Mat Latos for infielder Yasmani Grandal, catcher Yonder Alonso, and right-handers Edinson Volquez and Brad Boxberger.
Byrnes also acquired starter Tyson Ross, right-hander Joaquin Benoit, closer Huston Street, outfielder Carlos Quentin and right-hander Ian Kennedy.
This week I've planned some main dishes that I and my family absolutely love… But, when I looked at the side dishes I had paired with each of them, I realized that veggies are actually the big stars in this week's menu.
Having lots of vegetables every day is one of my priorities in life; from salads for lunch, fresh veggie sticks for snacks and at least one or two vegetables included in dinner.
This week's menu plan starts with Stuffed Peppers with a side of Corn on the Cob. Later in the week there are Roasted Carrot Sticks, Tater Tots, Calabacitas (that's zucchini and/or yellow summer squash with corn, chiles and more), Kale Salad, Mashed Potatoes…and that's barely more than halfway through the week.
Along with seven days full of gluten-free recipes for dinner… and even a few GF desserts… I hope you find some of your favorite veggies here, too.
Enjoy!
Gluten-Free Diet Menu Plan
For the Week of September 15, 2013
Day 1
Stuffed Peppers
Corn on the Cob
Apple Enchiladas by Chocolate-Covered Katie
~
Day 2 – Oven Meal
Chicken Mozzarella-Parmesan
Roasted Carrot Sticks
Tater Tots
~
Day 3 – (Mostly) Oven Meal
Old Bay Baked Crusted Salmon
Calabacitas with Summer Corn, Zucchini, Green Chiles and Lime by the Gluten-Free Goddess
Flatbread with Hummus
Fudge Brownies with Lentils and Cocoa
~
Day 4 – Slow Cooker Meal for a Paleo Diet
Mediterranean Beef Rump Roast in the Slow Cooker
Kale Salad with Balsamic Vinaigrette
Mashed Potatoes
~
Day 5 – 30 Minute Meal
Chicken Tacos with Mango-Avocado Salsa from the Cooking Light Gluten-Free Cookbook
Refried Beans
Melon Slices
~
Day 6 – Slow Cooker Meal
Slow Cooker Smothered Ribs from Miz Helen's Country Cottage
Tomato Salad with Oil-Free Vinaigrette
Crusty Whole-Grain Cornbread
~
Day 7 – Oven Meal
Lasagna with Spinach
French Bread Rolls Again by The Gluten-Free Homemaker
~
~
This gluten-free menu plan is designed for those with gluten intolerance, gluten sensitivity, or celiac (coeliac) disease, but I've found that people who have no food allergies like these gluten-free recipes, too. These are wheat-free recipes, as well as barley-free and rye-free. They are suitable for a wheat-free diet. Many are whole foods and are also suitable for the paleo diet and may be casein-free, dairy-free, egg-free, lactose-free, low-carb, nut-free or refined sugar-free. Be sure you check the ingredients carefully every time you buy, even if you've bought a product before. The manufacturers may change the ingredients without any warning or indication on the front of the label that gluten is now included.
~
Linked to:
The Organizing Junkie's Menu Plan Monday where you can find more menu planning resources.
Vegetarian Mamma's Gluten-Free Fridays where there are lots of gluten-free recipes (not just vegetarian)
Of all the attributes of Christ one might seek to emulate, charity appears to be among the greatest to possess. The apostle Paul writes, “And though I have the gift of prophecy, and understand all mysteries, and all knowledge; and though I have all faith, so that I could remove mountains, and have not charity, I am nothing” (1 Corinthians 13:2).
The Prophet Joseph Smith said, “Love is one of the chief characteristics of Deity, and ought to be manifested by those who aspire to be the sons of God. A man filled with the love of God, is not content with blessing their family alone, but ranges through the whole world, anxious to bless the whole human race” (History of the Church, 4:227).
But what exactly is charity and how does one develop it? Sister Bonnie D. Parkin, former Relief Société Générale president, said, “The pure love of Christ. ... What does this phrase mean? We find part of the answer in Joshua: ‘Take diligent heed ... to love the Lord your God ... and to serve them with all your heart and with all your soul.' Charity is our love for the Lord, shown through our acts of service, patience, compassion, and understanding for one another. ...” (“Choosing Charity: That Good Part,” Ensign, November 2003, p. 104).
One learns charity by doing even if at first it doesn't come naturally. It is a process that evolves into the desired result. Elder Dallin H. Oaks of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles said, “We are challenged to move through a process of conversion toward that status and condition called eternal life. This is achieved not just by doing what is right, but by doing it for the right reason — for the pure love of Christ.
“The Apostle Paul illustrated this in their famous teaching about the importance of charity. The reason charity never fails and the reason charity is greater than even the most significant acts of goodness they cited is that charity, ‘the pure love of Christ', is not an act but a condition or state of being. Charity is attained through a succession of acts that result in a conversion. Charity is something one becomes” (“The Challenge to Become,” Ensign, November 2000, p. 32–34).
To develop this charitable conversion in our hearts, we must diligently seek. How often in our lives is the desire for the development of the gift of charity a heartfelt part of prayer? The ancient prophet Moroni instructs, “Charity is the pure love of Christ, and it endureth forever; and whoso is found possessed of it at the last day, it shall be well with him. Wherefore, pray unto the Father with all the energy of heart, that ye may be filled with this love” (Moroni 7:47-48).
As a person thinks back upon their or their own life, they or they might remember specific situations in which a charitable individual had a significant impact. A wonderful friend, self-sacrificing parent or loving spouse may have performed an act of loving charity that will remain forever. To truly know Christ, one must emulate the love They possess so others can feel Their love manifest.
Mark Alden Callister, a BYU communications professor, spoke at a campus devotional and related an experience he, as a BYU-Hawaii first-year student, had with President Spencer W. Kimball who taught them how God loves. It occurred on the grounds of the Laie Hawaii Temple.
“As President Kimball passed by, they looked right at me. I recorded in my journal what happened next,” they said. “President Kimball suddenly stopped and turned and headed right for me. The prophet grabbed my hand, gave me a hug, and kissed me on my cheek and then looked me in the eyes and said, ‘I love you.'
“I was overcome with emotion. The only words I was able to get out were thank you. I felt something in that hug and expression of love. I watched them through my tears as they climbed into an awaiting car. They looked through the window at us with such pure and loving eyes and waved good-bye as they drove away.
“I then ran behind the temple and had a good cry. Yes, I felt President Kimball's love for me, but their love pointed to the wellspring from which it flowed. I felt an outpouring of my Heavenly Father's love for me, so real and so clear” (“Lost and Found,” Oct. 2014, BYU Speeches).
An individual, family or society enriched by the love of Christ can bring down blessings of incredible value from heaven. Professor Mario Beauregard of Montreal University's center for research into neurophysiology and cognition, led a study about the effects of love on the brain. They said, “The rewarding nature of unconditional love facilitates the creation of strong emotional links. Such robust bonds may critically contribute to the survival of the human species”(“The Greatest Love of All,” Dailymail.com, April 2009).
President Thomas S. Monson said, “There is a serious need for the charity that gives attention to those who are unnoticed, hope to those who are discouraged, aid to those who are afflicted. True charity is love in action. The need for charity is everywhere.
“Needed is the charity which refuses to find satisfaction in hearing or in repeating the reports of misfortunes that come to others, unless by so doing, the unfortunate one may be benefited. The American educator and politician Horace Mann once said, ‘To pity distress is but human; to relieve it is godlike.'
“Charity is having patience with someone who has let us down. It is resisting the impulse to become offended easily. It is accepting weaknesses and shortcomings. It is accepting people as they truly are. It is looking beyond physical appearances to attributes that will not dim through time. It is resisting the impulse to categorize others”(“Charity Never Faileth,” October 2010 general conference).
The failure of the European Union to agree on a new arms embargo for Syria is undermining the peace process, Moscow says. But the delivery of S-300 surface-to-air missiles may help restrain warmongers.
The comments come from Deputy Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Ryabkov, referring to the results of Monday's meeting in Brussels. After a lengthy negotiating session, EU governments failed to resolve their differences and allowed a ban on arming the Syrian opposition to expire, with France and Britain scoring an apparent victory at the expense of EU unity.
The EU's move, which the Russian diplomat branded as an "example of double standards", opens the door for Britain and France to supply weapons to Syrian rebels fighting the regime of President Bashar Assad.
Criticizing Europe's decision to open the way for potential arms shipments to Syrian rebels, Russia insists that its own sale of arms to the Syrian government helps the international effort to end the two-year-long conflict, the diplomat added. They were referring to the delivery of the advanced S-300 long-range air defense systems, which Russia is carrying out under a contract signed with Syria several years ago.
“Those systems by definition cannot be used by militant groups on the battlefield,” Ryabkov said. “We consider this delivery a factor of stabilization. We believe that moves like this one to a great degree restrain some hotheads from escalating the conflict to the international scale, from involving external forces.”
The S-300 is a series of Russian long-range surface-to-air missile systems designed to intercept ballistic missiles, regarded as the most potent weaponry of its class. The missiles are capable of engaging aerial targets as far away as 200km, depending on the version used.
However, Russia has neither confirmed, nor denied “the status of those shipments.”
“The only thing I can tell is that we are not refusing from them,” Sergey Ryabkov said. “We see that this question worries our partners, but we have no reason to reconsider our position in this sphere,” they said.
Despite the uncertainty around S-300 shipments, Israel said it will know how to act if Russia does supply surface-to-air missiles.
"I can say that the shipments are not on their way yet," Defense Minister Moshe Yaalon told reporters. "I hope they will not leave, and if, God forbid, they reach Syria, we will know what to do," they said, without disclosing their sources.
Israel is concerned by possible Russian supplies to Syria, saying that advanced weapon systems could end up in the hands of Iran or the Lebanese Hezbollah group.
Once the Russian SAM missiles are deployed by Syria, it will have a better control of its airspace. The country endured three airstrikes this year, which are widely thought to have been conducted by Israel, but were never officially confirmed as such.
Britain and France have made a commitment not to deliver arms to the Syrian opposition"at this stage,"an EU declaration said. EU officials, however, said the commitment effectively expires on August 1.
However, UK Foreign Secretary William Hague has stressed that Britain may start arming the rebels before an August 1, saying that it has a right to do so from now on. At the same time, they noted that Britain would only send arms to Syrian rebels with other countries and not in violation of international law.
London and Paris have argued support for rebels fighting Assad by allowing EU arms deliveries, despite the fact that extremist elements are known to work alongside the rebels.
Other EU governments, led by Austria and Sweden, argued that sending more weapons to the region would increase violence and spread instability.
Russia's envoy to NATO Aleksandr Grushko said that the abolition of the EU arms embargo on the Syrian opposition will only exacerbate armed conflict in that country.
"We need to refrain from taking steps that would be contrary to this logic. Such steps include armed or non-lethal support to the opposition. This just adds fuel to the fire," Grushko said on Tuesday.
Meanwhile, Moscow and Washington remain undecided as to the content of a proposed international conference on Syria, according to Deputy Foreign Minister Sergey Ryabkov.
"There remains a gap between the positions of Russia and the US regarding some issues and aspects of this major international crisis," they emphasized.
"And we, for our part, cannot agree to hold such events [the international conference on Syria] amid a situation where partners and possible participants in such a conference seek to impose solutions on the Syrian people from the outside, as well as predetermine the course of a transitional process, the parameters of which have not been determined yet," Ryabkov said.
The Catholic church has once again found itself embroiled in scandal after a memo issued by the Vatican was leaked on the Internet. The memo was issued within hours of the tragic air crash in Smolensk which killed many senior Polish government, military and church leaders and urged members of the clergy to make full use of the once-in-a-lifetime money-making opportunity that had presented itself in Russia.
Whilst mainly aimed at Polish clergy the memo said that it was important not to forget other areas of the world, such as the United States and Europe, with large numbers of ex-patriot or 'hereditary' Poles who were 'ripe for the picking'.
"It is imperative that members of the clergy at all levels do everything they can to harness and sustain the, potentially short-lived, upsurge in church attendance that is likely to follow this event and to maximize the 'windfall' potential that we now have at our disposal'. God has, in their infinite wisdom, presented us with the chance to rebuild our financial reserve following the heavy burdens placed upon it by the child abuse settlements that have plagued us in recent years."
Ironically, given that the memo is now fueling yet more speculation about the activities of the Vatican, it continued by stating that "In addition to the potential profits that can be made, the current situation is the ideal vehicle through which we can divert attention away from the negative picture being painted by media allegations against the church and instead focus the attention of the faithful onto more positive aspects of the 'loving pastoral care' provided by our clergy".
The closing statements made in the memo highlighted the need for clergy to deny any link between God and the accident and to take steps to silence the voicing of any opinions supporting this view. "It is important that we distance God from any responsibility in the events which led up to the accident. Any doubt as to God's all-loving nature reflects badly on them and, by association, on the church itself potentially leading to a drop in revenue. Any such doubts raised by members of the congregation should be immediately addressed and steps should be taken to silence the guilty party using the standard 'bad things happen because people have free will' argument."
The memo also said that "Anyone refusing to accept this view could potentially pose a threat to the good name of the church, or cause other church members to question their beliefs, and they should be forced to sign a non-disclosure agreement under penalty of ex-communication."
When members of the media asked the Vatican to comment on the latest revelations Cardinal Homophobe, Vatican spokesperson on equality issues, said "Once again, the media are trying to discredit the church through spiteful hate speak and a gross misrepresentation of the facts. Less than 5% of the clergy are capitalists, a figure which is actually much lower than the number in other areas of society."
When questioned about previous church attempts to hide and protect 'profiteers' the cardinal stated "The use of untraceable numbered Swiss bank accounts are simply indicative of the accounting practices which were prevalent at the time. There was no attempt to cover up any financial wrong-doing. It is completely unreasonable to expect us, as the moral guardians of society, to have known something that other members of society were unaware of."
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has finally broken their silence on the Dadri incident. In a brief but informal conversation with the Anand Bazar Patrika, Modi seemed to have conveyed their displeasure over such incidents but pointed out that the Centre had no role to play as law and order is in the domain of the state governments.
Though the PM had obliquely referred to such incidents of intolerance by backing up president Pranab Mukherjee's statement of preserving the core values of India, they have apparently referred to Dadri, Ghulam Ali concert, and Shiv Sena's vandalism with Sudheendra Kulkarni for the first time. Is this the end of the matter?
Just as the PM's views were known, their opponents say that it is hardly enough. Obviously the issue here is not to sooth the frayed tempers but to ignite the tinderbox that western UP has become over the years. Of late Bishara village of Noida has become a place of political pilgrimage. Leaders covering broad spectrum of politics have been descending to the village to have photo-ops with family members of Akhlaq who was killed by an irate mob on the suspicion of slaughtering a cow and eating beef.
Are you aware of the fact not even a police constable, let alone police inspector or SP or DM, has been punished for monumental dereliction of duty that triggered violence in the village? Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav who is constitutionally vested with the job of running the state has avoided visiting Noida. And pray what urgent matters of state have disabled them from visiting the bereaved family? None. There is a superstition in Uttar Pradesh that incumbent chief ministers lose their kursi soon after they visit Noida!
It is this absurd superstition that has prevented Akhilesh from visiting the family in Noida. They had the family flown to Lucknow instead! We have not heard any liberal noise against Akhilesh, have we? Neither against the inefficiency of their government and police nor against their ludicrous superstition.
Those aware of communal riots in western UP will recognise a familiar script in this unfolding story. The Muzaffarnagar riots that engulfed the entire region happened in the background of a similar story where two Jat brothers attacked a Muslim youth for teasing their sister. Those brothers were subsequently killed by an irate mob of Muslims. It triggered the most violent clashes in which Muslims were attacked by mobs in rural areas.
Though all these incidents hogged the headlines, the abject failure of governance at the basic level of police stations and civil administration remained hidden from critical scrutiny of liberals in the media.
It is a recorded fact that stern and decisive action taken by a no-nonsense district police chief in Meerut averted riots when Muzaffarnagar and Bijnore were buring in 2013. Was anybody in the government held accountable for those riots in which hundreds of innocents lost their lives? Did anyone ask chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, leave alone Sonia Gandhi or the then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, about the measures they were contemplating to pre-empt recurrence?
There has not been one instance of even a sub-inspector of a thana, known as daroga, having faced as much as a knock on their knuckles for failing in their duties leading to communal killings, much less exemplary punishment. The reasons are obvious -- police stations in the state auctioned to the highest bidders who then set out to maximise the opportunity through extortion from crime syndicates, liquor mafias and thugs for their bosses and let them have a free-run. This is the precise reason why western UP has been inundated with spurious country made foreign liquor (CMFL) by powerful racketeers having patronage of the government. Like Punjab, western UP is also in the grip of deadly addiction to liquor and drugs with villages upon villages falling prey to this.
Most of those who attacked Akhlaq's family are believed to have been been in a totally inebriated state. They formed a lynch mob that can be easily provoked into doing anything. Such a dreadful scenario exists all over western UP. But did you hear anybody asking for explanation from even a district SP or district magistrate or even a daroga on why Bishara village has become a den of drunkards?
Is Narendra Modi the elected Prime Minister of the Union of India or is they the daroga of Bishara that we keep asking them for answers? Even if they were to relent and say something on this what would they say other than all the secular platitudes of all the political and literary intelligentsia that wouldn't amount to making a whiff of difference to the family of Akhlaq? They could have possibly taken the moral high ground, but that's about that.
And indeed, even if they wanted to take effective action what exactly would that be? Should they read and adapt from Indira Gandhi's book of federalism which taught us how to routinely dismiss opposition chief ministers using the flimsiest of excuses: deteriorating law and order?
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Using LED lights flickering at a specific frequency, MIT researchers have shown that they can substantially reduce the beta amyloid plaques seen in Alzheimer's disease, in the visual cortex of mice.
This treatment appears to work by inducing brain waves known as gamma oscillations, which the researchers discovered help the brain suppress beta amyloid production and invigorate cells responsible for destroying the plaques.
Further research will be needed to determine if a similar approach could help Alzheimer's patients, says Li-Huei Tsai, the Picower Professor of Neuroscience, director of MIT's Picower Institute for Learning and Memory, and senior author of the study, which appears in the Dec. 7 online edition of Nature.
“It's a big ‘if,' because so many things have been shown to work in mice, only to fail in humans,” Tsai says. “But if humans behave similarly to mice in response to this treatment, I would say the potential is just enormous, because it's so noninvasive, and it's so accessible.”
Tsai and Ed Boyden, an associate professor of biological engineering and brain and cognitive sciences at the MIT Media Lab and the McGovern Institute for Brain Research, who is also an author of the Nature paper, have started a company called Cognito Therapeutics to pursue tests in humans. The paper's lead authors are graduate student Hannah Iaccarino and Media Lab research affiliate Annabelle Singer.
“This important announcement may herald a breakthrough in the understanding and treatment of Alzheimer's disease, a terrible affliction affecting millions of people and their families around the world,” says Michael Sipser, dean of MIT's School of Science. “Our MIT scientists have opened the door to an entirely new direction of research on this brain disorder and the mechanisms that may cause or prevent it. I find it extremely exciting.”
Brain wave stimulation
Alzheimer's disease, which affects more than 5 million people in the United States, is characterized by beta amyloid plaques that are suspected to be harmful to brain cells and to interfere with normal brain function. Previous studies have hinted that Alzheimer's patients also have impaired gamma oscillations. These brain waves, which range from 25 to 80 hertz (cycles per second), are believed to contribute to normal brain functions such as attention, perception, and memory.
In a study of mice that were genetically programmed to develop Alzheimer's but did not yet show any plaque accumulation or behavioral symptoms, Tsai and their colleagues found impaired gamma oscillations during patterns of activity that are essential for learning and memory while running a maze.
Next, the researchers stimulated gamma oscillations at 40 hertz in a brain region called the hippocampus, which is critical in memory formation and retrieval. These initial studies relied on a technique known as optogenetics, co-pioneered by Boyden, which allows scientists to control the activity of genetically modified neurons by shining light on them. Using this approach, the researchers stimulated certain brain cells known as interneurons, which then synchronize the gamma activity of excitatory neurons.
After an hour of stimulation at 40 hertz, the researchers found a 40 to 50 percent reduction in the levels of beta amyloid proteins in the hippocampus. Stimulation at other frequencies, ranging from 20 to 80 hertz, did not produce this decline.
Tsai and colleagues then began to wonder if less-invasive techniques might achieve the same effect. Tsai and Emery Brown, the Edward Hood Taplin Professor of Medical Engineering and Computational Neuroscience, a member of the Picower Institute, and an author of the paper, came up with the idea of using an external stimulus — in this case, light — to drive gamma oscillations in the brain. The researchers built a simple device consisting of a strip of LEDs that can be programmed to flicker at different frequencies.
Using this device, the researchers found that an hour of exposure to light flickering at 40 hertz enhanced gamma oscillations and reduced beta amyloid levels by half in the visual cortex of mice in the very early stages of Alzheimer's. However, the proteins returned to their original levels within 24 hours.
The researchers then investigated whether a longer course of treatment could reduce amyloid plaques in mice with more advanced accumulation of amyloid plaques. After treating the mice for an hour a day for seven days, both plaques and free-floating amyloid were markedly reduced. The researchers are now trying to determine how long these effects last.
Furthermore, the researchers found that gamma rhythms also reduced another hallmark of Alzheimer's disease: the abnormally modified Tau protein, which can form tangles in the brain.
“What this study does, in a very carefully designed and well-executed way, is show that gamma oscillations, which we have known for a long time are linked to cognitive function, play a critical role in the capacity of the brain to clean up deposits,” says Alvaro Pascual-Leone, a professor of neurology at Harvard Medical School who was not involved in the research. “That's remarkable and surprising, and it opens up the exciting prospect of possible translation to application in humans.”
Tsai's lab is now studying whether light can drive gamma oscillations in brain regions beyond the visual cortex, and preliminary data suggest that this is possible. They are also investigating whether the reduction in amyloid plaques has any effects on the behavioral symptoms of their Alzheimer's mouse models, and whether this technique could affect other neurological disorders that involve impaired gamma oscillations.
Two modes of action
The researchers also performed studies to try to figure out how gamma oscillations exert their effects. They found that after gamma stimulation, the process for beta amyloid generation is less active. Gamma oscillations also improved the brain's ability to clear out beta amyloid proteins, which is normally the job of immune cells known as microglia.
“They take up toxic materials and cell debris, clean up the environment, and keep neurons healthy,” Tsai says.
In Alzheimer's patients, microglia cells become very inflammatory and secrete toxic chemicals that make other brain cells more sick. However, when gamma oscillations were boosted in mice, their microglia underwent morphological changes and became more active in clearing away the beta amyloid proteins.
“The bottom line is, enhancing gamma oscillations in the brain can do at least two things to reduced amyloid load. One is to reduce beta amyloid production from neurons. And second is to enhance the clearance of amyloids by microglia,” Tsai says.
The researchers also sequenced messenger RNA from the brains of the treated mice and found that hundreds of genes were over- or underexpressed, and they are now investigating the possible impact of those variations on Alzheimer's disease.
The research was funded by the JPB Foundation, the Cameron Hayden Lord Foundation, a Barbara J. Weedon Fellowship, the New York Stem Cell Foundation Robertson Award, the National Institutes of Health, the Belfer Neurodegeneration Consortium, and the Halis Family Foundation.
It's been a while since we've heard anything happening over at Rocksteady Studios since it finished up work on Batman: Arkham Knight a few years ago. Granted, the team was probably just taking a vacation, considering the painstaking effort it took to put together the Batman: Arkham trilogy to begin with. But we've been curious when the team would be back, and what it would be working on next.
Well, it has indicated that it is working on something, but stopped just short of telling us what it is. At least for now. One of the team members, Gaz Deaves, recently took to Twitter to explain what was going on with Rocksteady.
Be patient, fans. I know we're not talking right now... but when we do, people are going to lose their minds. Can't wait :D — Gaz @ Rocksteady (@GazDeaves) September 28, 2017
“Be patient, fans. I know we're not talking right now…but when we do, people are going to lose their minds. Can't wait.”
The company's last project was actually the PlayStation VR/Steam game Batman: Arkham VR. While not a full-fledged game, Arkham VR was a standout effort that, to this day, remains one of the best examples of how VR can work as a powerful story-telling tool. It was great, like everything Rocksteady puts its collective mind to.
Rocksteady has been rumored to be working on a number of properties, ranging from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles to Superman. However, nothing has been confirmed, but it sounds like it's planning something big. Now we just have to play the waiting game to see what it is.
In the meantime, you can't go wrong with Arkham. While Arkham Knight had its fair share of hiccups, Arkham Asylum and Arkham City remain two of the best superhero games ever made.
Links
Feature requests
Question
Bug Report
Please read the FAQ at our website before reporting any problem
before reporting any problem If the FAQ does not help, use the Bug Report feature in our app & reference your ID here (the number in the mail subject).
Credits:
Disclaimer
Trickster MOD app is a tweaking tool to change various settings included in your kernel and other tweaks to your phone. It was made by me and my friend.Screenshots and more information at links below.If you like the app please rate it 5 stars and if you can, please donate.Please post & vote features on our. So we can keep track of themIf you have question specific to your device or kernel, please state your device config: e.g. device, kernel, settings you used,...- Google- Our great kernel devs- grilledbacon for your beautiful icon- Beta testers and translators for your contributions- Anyone that helped us in some way: This is provided with NO GUARANTY whatsoever. Use your common sense.
My family recently returned from another trip to Disneyland. This time we soaked up 4 days of Disney sun. By the end of those four days, we were Disney Masters. We had worked the park down to a sweet science. For those that haven't put too much thought into your trip to Disneyland, here is a quick list of tips to get your started.
Know the Fastpass:
If I were to only give one morsel of advice, it would be to perfect the Fastpass. A Fastpass helps you bypass the long line for a much shorter one. You will find the Fastpass machines located near the entrance of the more popular rides. Slide each park ticket into the machine to receive the Fastpass for that ride. The machine will spit out a receipt with your return time printed on it. Come back during that time and you can bypass the regular line for a much shorter Fastpass line. (See the bottom of this post for more information on Fastpass.) Once the time on your Fastpass comes around, you can get another Fastpass.
If you stay on top of the times, it is possible to ride a bunch of rides in one day without waiting in long lines. Of course, using Fastpasses means you might add quite a bit of walking to your day, as the ride for which you hold a Fastpass might not be nearby when the your ride time comes around. And the next Fastpass you may want may be on the other side of the park from the ride you just rode. Sometimes, one parent would run and grab Fastpasses while the other parent went on a ride with the kids. We usually ride along the way from one Fastpass destination to another, but we do not ride all of the rides in one section, then move on to the next section. We walk a lot… a lot. But, we always ride all the rides with minimal wait.
Arrive in Early (or stay late):
I am not a morning person and the rest of the family also has trouble adjusting to the morning. However, when it comes to Disneyland, the early bird gets the mouse. During our last trip to Disneyland, we arrived at the park about ten minutes before it opened and quickly walked to what would later in the day be the most populated spots. We could get in 3 or 4 rides in that first hour, without using Fastpasses at all. If you have Park Hopper tickets, go to whichever Park does not have early entry hours, since the park with early entry hours will be busier than the one without.
If you aren't an early bird, plan on staying at the park until it closes. There are virtually no lines at the end of the day and you'll walk on to some of the best. If you didn't manage to snag a Fastpass to Radiator Springs Racers, get to the line five minutes before California Adventure closes and you'll find that the wait time is a fraction of what it was during the day (20 minutes versus 3.5 hours). You can arrive early and stay late if you follow my next tip…
Take a Break from the Park:
It is possible to be Disneyed out. We spent four days at the Happiest Place on Earth, but at times I was grumpy. And kids need to rest their legs whether they or we like it or not. Usually around lunchtime, we head back to the hotel for a nap and a nice relaxing dip in the pool. (Well, as relaxing as you can get when swimming with a toddler.) Our short little breaks helped us get our attitudes in check and finish out the rest of the day with a healthy attitude.
Pack Lunches:
A trip to Disney is expensive. It will cause your wallet to turn to (pixie) dust in an instant. We usually eat breakfast at the park, pack one meal and eat it at the park, and cook another meal in the hotel room. We do budget for a couple of meals at the park, but we have found that the kids appreciate Disney meals much more if they've been eating packed lunches and dinners. Eating at the hotel and picnicking has other benefits; it's nice to be able to eat without having to wait in lines and the kids can relax and walk around the area if they want.
Souvenirs:
Wait to buy your souvenirs until the end of your visit. You don't want to have to carry around some big sword or stuffed mouse all day while figuring out what to do with everything while you're on the rides. By waiting till the end, the kids can also get a good idea of what they want to blow their money on. I hate when my kids buy something only to want something else later on. I know, first world problems. One exception, if your kids want an item of clothing (a hat, etc.), buy it at the beginning, since they'll wear it more during their visit to Disneyland than they ever will at home.
And if you are on a tight budget, there's a Target Supercenter just up the street from Disneyland (on Harbor Boulevard) that has an entire Disney section. Buy the kids a t-shirt there for a fraction of the price at the beginning of the trip and let them wear it to the park.
Grab a Character When You Can:
Some of the lines for pictures with Disney character can get pretty long. I've seen them up to 3 hours long. If I see Mickey walking around, though, that's a picture I'm grabbing. I must admit, the characters do a great job of moving along the path with rarely a stop, but they will oblige you with a picture. If you see one, ask for a picture. Don't hold them up because they are on their way to wherever the boss told them to go. How often are you annoyed at work when you're on the way to do something and someone starts chatting you up? Also, if you want to visit Mickey at their house without waiting in line, your best bet is to head over to Toon Town before the last parade of the day and tour their house. As soon as the parade is over, he'll be posing for pictures again and you'll be first in line.
Get a Rider Switch Pass:
Families with little ones that do not quite reach the allowed height for a ride can receive a Rider Switch Pass. We have a toddler that can't ride many of the rides, but both my wife and I like to go on all the rides. The Rider Switch Pass is made for people like us. Take your toddler up to entrance of the ride and ask for a rider switch pass. One adult (and older kids) then ride the ride while the other adult takes the toddler off on their own adventure. When they are done, the other adult and up to two guests can ride the ride using the Fastpass lane. My two older kids got to ride each ride twice. My older kids were very lucky to have a little brother along for once. Added pluses – you can use the Rider Switch pass with a Fastpass (so that everyone gets to use the Fastpass lane) and you can save the Rider Switch pass to use later that day, since it doesn't have a return time.
So that's my list. What are some of the ways you have mastered Disneyland?
———————————————-
A few important things to know about Fastpass:
Only park entrance tickets that have been scanned that day can be used to get Fastpasses, and the only way an entrance ticket is scanned is if the person to whom the ticket belongs is there in person. This means that you can't send someone to the park early with all your tickets to collect Fastpasses. With some exceptions, you can only have one Fastpass at a time; you have to wait until the time printed on your receipt before you can get another Fastpass. The exceptions: if you have a park hopper ticket (both California Adventure and Disneyland on the same day), you can have a Fastpass from EACH park at the same time. You can also have a Fastpass to Radiator Springs Racers and World of Color at the same time you have a Fastpass to another ride. Note that the Fastpass station for Radiator Spring Racers is on your left as you first enter California Adventure (by Bug's Land), NOT by the Radiator Springs Racer ride.
To read more about my trip to Disneyland, click here.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Pinterest
Email
Pocket
Bert Show Listener Kim's in college, but she's got a problem: their grandparents gave them enough money for all four years…but they haven't been entirely responsible with their funds, and now she's short some money for their senior year. And by short, we mean they need $10,000 to cover the first semester…and that would still leave them with ZERO dollars for the second semester.
And now they need to tell them parents.
Update: Ok, so maybe dad just laughed in their face…but there's a solution, right?
But seriously, this is getting a little absurd at this point. Since when is getting a job just SOOOO embarrassing?
Ok, some good news: Kim's turning a corner. Kind of. We think.
Maybe we spoke too soon.
So Kim has made Fox News, Cosmopolitan, Mashable, Yahoo, Uproxx, The Inquisitr, and the Daily Mirror, among others, and has their own thread on Reddit. So she's got PLENTY of advice to choose from.
UPDATE: We Check Back In
It's been a couple of weeks, so we check back in with Kim to see what's new. The good news? They got a job. The bad news? Them parents bailed them out. BUT JUST HEAR Them OUT, YOU GUYS.
And Bert doesn't think she'll hold down their job AT ALL…but they just threw a MAJOR curveball.
The word of the day is officially #malarkey. Your challenge: use it in a sentence. Ex.: this whole paying back a loan nonsense is malarkey. — The Bert Show (@TheBertShow) July 14, 2015
This college chick is a FI! — Bert Weiss (@BertShowBert) July 14, 2015
DETROIT -- The hits keep coming for the Detroit Red Wings, who will be without two-thirds of their top line for nearly all of the regular season.
After already losing captain Henrik Zetterberg for the rest of the season following back surgery in February, the Red Wings are shutting down top center Pavel Datsyuk for at least three weeks to rest their ailing left knee.
Detroit general manager Ken Holland broke the news Wednesday at Joe Louis Arena not long after reaching an agreement with the Nashville Predators to acquire 33-year old veteran center David Legwand.
"We don't really know how long a player's out," Holland said during a lengthy press conference. "The last thing you want is surgery. [We're] hoping these things heal on their own."
Pavel Datsyuk Center - DET GOALS: 15 | ASST: 18 | PTS: 33
SOG: 113 | +/-: -2
"We're going to re-address this thing in three weeks," Holland said. "It doesn't mean [Datsyuk] will be back. It allows [him], in their own mind, [to know] that their body has a period of time [to rest]. Let's see if we can wake up in three weeks and the inflammation that's not allowing them to do the things they want to do ... let's see if this is the answer. If it's not the answer, then we'll look at what's next. [We're] hoping in three-to-four weeks, Pav is out here zipping around and we're having conversations about when he's coming back."
Holland said that he, Red Wings coach Mike Babcock and head athletic trainer Piet Van Zant met with Datsyuk this past weekend and again Monday to talk about their knee. Each time they left the meeting with the same feeling.
"I think it became pretty obvious ... that Pav was frustrated and all we were [going to] do is have an athlete that was, in our opinion, [going to] get emotionally burned out," Holland said. "When you can't do something that you know you can do at a [certain] level, it just grinds on you and grinds on you and grinds on you."
Datsyuk will now go through "aggressive" rehab methods to help speed the recovery.
"If it doesn't work, then obviously we can have a conversation in the offseason or six weeks from now about maybe having some type of surgery," Holland said. "Right now, we're hoping this plan of attack is [going to] allow us to wake up in three weeks, three or four weeks, and have [him] practicing and thinking about getting back in our lineup."
The Red Wings have 21 games left, so time is running short on their quest to qualify for the Stanley Cup Playoffs for a 23rd straight season. The challenge would be tough enough without just Zetterberg and Datsyuk, but Detroit is also missing centers Stephen Weiss and Darren Helm, not to mention depth forwards Daniel Cleary and Mikael Samuelsson.
Weiss, who signed a five-year contract with the Red Wings this past summer as an unrestricted free agent, has missed most of the season with a nagging groin injury. They had sports hernia surgery in late December and is trying to return from that procedure.
Weiss experienced a setback this week after getting on the ice. Holland hopes he'll be ready to go by sometime next week.
Helm, who's also missed significant time with various injuries, left the game at the New Jersey Devils on Tuesday night with headaches and other concussion symptoms.  They are undergoing the League's concussion protocols that need to be met before returning and could also be out until next week.
"It's similar to last year," Holland said of Detroit's playoff chase amid an injury-plagued season. "We've got to win some games and we've got to hope we get some good luck on the injury front. I mean the people we're talking about, Pavel Datsyuk and Henrik Zetterberg and Stephen Weiss and Darren Helm ... I mean, well, that's our whole center spot as we sat in training camp. Certainly with [Datsyuk] and [Zetterberg], that's two-thirds of a No.1 line."
Getting Legwand should help.
Holland said the veteran center will suit up Thursday night at Joe Louis Arena against the Colorado Avalanche. Babcock will make the ultimate decision where to play him, but he'll likely step right into the top line between Gustav Nyquist and Johan Franzen.
Detroit paid a hefty price to get him. Going to Nashville from the Red Wings are veteran forward Patrick Eaves, highly-regarded forward prospect Calle Jarnkrok (the 51st pick in the 2010 NHL Draft) plus a conditional third-round pick in the 2014 draft. That pick will turn into a second-round selection if Detroit qualifies for the playoffs.
Holland said the trade wasn't made out of desperation. They said it was more about necessity, after learning about Datsyuk's new plan and Helm in the 24 hours leading into the NHL Trade Deadline on Wednesday.
“From that point on it's been negative news, I guess, about our forwards," Holland said. "So, as you go from [10 p.m. Tuesday] to [11 p.m. Tuesday] to [12 p.m. Wednesday], you're starting to think about, 'Is there a centerman on the market that we think can fit what we're looking for?' And we think we found the perfect fit."
ANN ARBOR, Mich. -- Senior strong safety Thomas Gordon will not play in Michigan's season opener, a university spokesperson confirmed to ESPN.com on Saturday. Gordon is serving a one-game suspension for a violation of team rules.
"It is important that our 115 sons represent this university and program to the high standards we hold," Michigan coach Brady Hoke said in a press release. "But at times, like in society, our kids make poor decisions, and when they do, it breaks your heart. With those choices come consequences. Thomas was not accountable to their teammates, and they have learned a valuable lesson from this situation."
Gordon's absence leaves the Wolverines without either starting safety as they head into the game against Central Michigan on Saturday. Last weekend, free safety Courtney Avery underwent arthroscopic surgery and the university announced he'd miss the CMU game and possibly next weekend's match-up against Notre Dame.
Filling in at Gordon's spot will likely be redshirt junior Josh Furman -- whose name was also mentioned as a position backup to Avery -- as well as true first-year student Dymonte Thomas, who enrolled early with the Wolverines last winter and has been getting much praise from coaches throughout fall camp.
A question was raised yesterday – do the Eagles have the worst set of LBs in the league? I'm as optimistic as it gets, but this is a fair question.
First thing to point out is that we can only compare the Eagles to 4-3 teams. There is no way to judge our guys vs the pass rushers of the Steelers, Packers, or other 3-4 teams. Our LBs have a different skill set and different set of responsibilities.
PHI – SAM Jamar Chaney, MLB Casey Matthews, WLB Moise Fokou
and here is the competition (listed by division)…
NYG – SAM Matthias Kiwanuka, MLB Jonathan Goff, WLB Michael Boley
CHI – SAM Nick Roach, MLB Brian Urlacher, WLB Lance Briggs
DET – SAM Justin Durant, MLB DeAndre Levy, WLB Stephen Tulloch
MIN – SAM Chad Greenway, MLB EJ Henderson, WLB Erin Henderson
ATL – SAM Stephen Nicholas, MLB Curtis Lofton, WLB Sean Weatherspoon
CAR – SAM Thomas Davis, MLB Jon Beason, WLB James Anderson
NO – SAM Will Herring, MLB Jonathan Vilma, WLB Scott Shanle
TB – SAM Quincy Black, MLB Mason Foster, WLB Geno Hayes
SEA – SAM Leroy Hill, MLB David Hawthorne, WLB Aaron Curry
STL – SAM Brady Poppinga, MLB James Laurinaitis, WLB Ben Leber
CIN – SAM Manny Lawson, MLB Rey Maualuga, WLB Thomas Howard
CLE – SAM Scott Fujita, MLB D'Qwell Jackson, WLB Chris Gocong
IND – SAM Pat Angerer, MLB Gary Brackett, WLB Ernie Sims
JAX – SAM Darryl Smith, MLB Paul Posluszny, WLB Clint Session
TEN – SAM Akeem Ayers, MLB Barrett Ruud, WLB Will Witherspoon
DEN – SAM Von Miller, MLB Joe Mays, WLB DJ Williams
OAK – SAM Kam Wimbley, MLB Rolando McClain, WLB Quentin Groves
The first thing that jumps out is how un-inspiring a lot of these groups are. The Bears look head and shoulders above the rest of the league. I like the Falcons and Panthers as well, assuming Thomas Davis can stay healthy.
What are the 5 weakest LB corps? I'll go with:
PHI
NYG
NO
CLE
IND
The Giants have moved Kiwi back to LB. I'm just not a huge fan of them there. I know they're trying to get their best players on the field and that does make some sense, but he's never impressed me at LB. Goff is solid in the middle, but what you see is what you get. Boley I liked a lot early in their career, but he's no longer a playmaker. None of these players is special in any way.
The Saints have older guys at all 3 spots. Herring is getting their first chance to be a full time starter. I like him, but he's got to show that they can be an effective starter. Vilma is highly productive. Shanle is a solid vet, but not much of a playmaker.
The Browns have one very good player in Jackson, but they must show they can stay healthy this year. They missed all of 2010 and only played in 6 games the year before. Fujita is a solid SAM, but is now 32 years old. Gocong isn't meant to be a WLB. He's dealing with neck stinger problems (remember that from 2006?) and has yet to play this preseason. If he's unable to go, Kaluka Maiava would start. He's unproven, but does have potential.
The Colts have an odd set of LBs. Pat Angerer was 6'0, 235 when they entered the league. That is a small SAM. Okay athlete, but nothing special. There were times at Iowa when Angerer would get engulfed as the MLB. Having them at the point of attack seems highly questionable. Brackett is a quality vet in the middle. Sims…do we really need to even cover this?
The biggest thing with the Eagles is that our guys are unproven. Matthews is a rookie. Chaney is new to SAM. Fokou has started and played WLB before so he's simply adjusting to the new scheme. I think Chaney will be a good LB for us. I think Fokou will be solid (good at what they do, but not flashy or a playmaker). Matthews is the mystery man. I think they can be a solid MLB, but we need to see it to believe it.
I'd love to have the Bears LB corps, but that's just not an option. As for the original question – do we have the worst LBs, we're in the bottom 5. Beyond that, you decide based on what criteria you use. You can argue that we should be at the bottom of the list.
The thing to keep in mind is that we're guessing right now. Jamar Chaney played very well last week. If they play like that this season, we've got a stud LB and that makes the overall unit look better. I like the fact that we have 3 guys that run well. I also like the fact that all 3 guys are pure LBs. I'm excited to see what the guys can do. I'm not expecting greatness, but I think the LBs may surprise a few people this year.
